During the 2008 General Election , Republicans were only too happy to wrap themselves up in the flag proclaiming that they were the “ real Americans ” .
As much to suggest that the Democratic base from the Cities were somehow less American .
Part of “ real America ” is a belief in justice .
It is after all what lay behind the war of independence .
So what the hell is up with Republicans who now attack the Obama administration for bringing those accused of the largest terrorist attack on America to trial ?
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said described it as “ a step backwards for the security of our country ” that “ puts Americans unnecessarily at risk ” .
Former President George W Bush ’s last attorney general , Michael Mukasey , said : “ The Justice Department claims that our courts are well suited to the task .
Based on my experience trying such cases and what I saw as attorney general , they are n’t . ”
Sen John McCain , a Republican who lost to Mr Obama in the 2008 presidential race , stated that military tribunals were the best venue for terror suspects .
“ They are war criminals , who committed acts of war against our citizens and those of dozens of other nations , ” he said .
For a start , war criminals are brought to trial ( with the exception of Bush and Blair ) .
Their being placed in Gitmo was supposed to be because they were not “ war criminals ” , as there was no war , they were “ enemy combatants ” .
Is Mukaskey saying that the Judicial System in the US is so broken by his former administration that it can not deliver a fair trial under what will be the full glare of World media ?
What exactly is Mitch McConnell suggesting ?
That the case his former administration supposedly spent 7 years building is so weak on evidence they will all get off ?
The Republicans just do not get it .
Far from being something to scare America with , properly conducted fair trials are a victory for Americans and for the values of justice .
They will show that America still holds true to the values that terrorists wanted to destroy .
It is a shame that Republicans and the hard right because of their own political expediency now stand with the terrorists .
Of all the photos that I ’ve looked at from yesterday ’s Michele Bachmann - led wingnut invasion of Capital Hill , this was probably the worst of the worst .
Yes , that is an image of the bodies of dead Jews killed by Nazis that was used to make the not - so - subtle insinuation that Obama ’s homocommunist health care plan with kill all of America ’s God-fearing white people .
This +
John Boehner mixing up the constitution for the Declaration of Independence +
Todd Akin performing an abortion on the Pledge of Allegiance = one great big , gooey oyster of patriotism .
YEEHAW FREEDOM !
| Image via |
Between December and February — months where most of the United States experiences cold weather — residents of the Pittsburgh area may observe their city become a winter wonderland .
Pittsburgh sees temperatures ranging from as low as the single digits to the 20s and 30s in January .
February is a little warmer , reaching degrees in the 40s .
Considering that Pittsburgh …
Do n't let the awkward name scare you off .
The Blackbird , Fly is a rather nifty little plastic Twin Lens Reflex ( TLR ) from Japan .
A TLR has two objective lenses .
One captures the photo , while the other projects almost the same image onto a matte focusing screen surrounded by a hood on top of the camera .
If you do n't wish to hold the camera self - consciously at waist height , you can also use the gunsight - like finder on top to line up your shot .
Unlike most TLRs which require hard to find medium - format film , the Blackbird , Fly uses standard 35 mm rolls .
There are three image masks which let you choose between standard 35 mm ( 24 x 36 mm ) , square ( 24 x24 mm ) and large format ( 36 x 36 mm , extending past the sprocket holes ) frames .
As you might expect , the controls are basic .
There are only two aperture settings - f /7 ( cloud ) and f/11 ( sun ) and the shutter is fixed at 1/125 second .
There 's also a B - mode which lets you lock the shutter open to capture experimental images at night .
The 33 mm wide angle lens adjusts between 0.8 m and infinity .
The Fly is available in red , black , blue , orange and white for $ 119.99 .
There .
I never have to type that gormless name ever again .
It was far from being the first loud cough to interrupt a pianissimo phrase that afternoon .
Indeed , there was a phlegmy obligato for many of the quieter passages throughout the work 's 80 - minute duration .
Nor , of course , was the phenomenon unique to this concert ; coughing during concerts and recitals , frequently during the quietest or the most delicate moments , is something with which all concert - goers have become familiar .
It 's the rule , not the exception .
And it tends not to happen so much during climaxes and fast passages .
It comes when it can do the most damage , when the mood upon which it intrudes is the most fragile .
Twice , in fact , I 've seen pianists simply stop playing because of the bronchial cacophony that was interfering with their concentration .
Alfred Brendel did it with a little shrug of humorous exasperation that secured the audience 's sympathy ; if I recall correctly , they may even have applauded the gesture .
Ivo Pogorelich , on the other hand , fixed the audience with a sustained angry glare , and did n't resume playing until the room was intimidated into an almost eerie silence .
Why does this happen ?
I 'm convinced it is n't a matter of medical necessity .
I myself have never , in half a century of attending concerts , coughed while a performance was in progress .
Not once , not even when I was still recovering from a cold .
Neither , as far as I can recall , has anyone I 've been with .
And the occasions where you might most expect to hear coughing and wheezing , chamber recitals at the Wigmore Hall in London , say , or Hertz Hall on the University of California at Berkeley campus -- venues where the median age of the audience is somewhere in the neighborhood of 436 years old , and systemic health problems can safely be assumed -- are , in fact , generally the quietest .
And consider this : you do n't hear much coughing in movie theaters .
You may hear candy wrappers being rustled and popcorn being crunched and even villains being hissed , but not coughing .
This can't be an accident .
I 'm put in mind of Alan Jay Lerner 's observation : " Coughing in the theater is not a respiratory ailment .
It is a criticism . "
I think something comparable -- not identical , but similar -- is at work here .
I certainly do n't mean to suggest that coughing at concerts is an implicit review of the musical performance .
But it may well be a symptom of inattention , boredom , and possibly even anxiety , a symptom of diffuse focus .
The cure is n't a lozenge , the cure is to listen more closely .
Photo Credit : Flick Users jordanfischer and Photocapy
+ A- Prospects of an early election in Australia
Some conservative opponents have legal advice saying the carbon bills might not qualify as a double dissolution trigger .
But Rudd only needs to convince the Governor - General , who represents Australia ’s head - of - state Queen Elizabeth of Britain , to approve an election
Queen Elizabeth of Britain is not the Head of State of Australia but Queen Elizabeth OF AUSTRALIA is our head of state .
That is two different things .
The Queen ’s relationship to Australia is unique .
In all her duties , she speaks and acts as Queen of Australia , and not as Queen of the United Kingdom / Britain .
Jan
Exactly who is Australia ’s head of state and under what circumstances is debated by some people , but Elizabeth does indeed also hold the title Queen of Australia , and we should be careful how we refer to her .
Having said that , a reference to Queen Elizabeth of Australia , without mentioning Britain , would be fairly confusing to readers : GBU Editor
Britain ’s Queen Elizabeth arrives for a dinner at Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting at Port of Spain in Trinidad , November 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Andrea De Silva
Join the Good , Bad , Ugly Facebook Blog Network
Baffled medics just could n't get to the bottom of the agonising pains coming from a drunken student 's stomach - until he turned over in bed and the ward 's television changed channel , they said .
X - rays revealed that 19 - year - old Huang Chen had had a TV remote control inserted up his rear end .
Police believe it was a part of a prank played by his flatmates in Changsha , southern China , when Chen collapsed after a night 's drinking .
Dr Wei Lung Zhi from Hunan Hangtian Hospital said : " He will be fine in time but the remote was a write - off "
Credit : EUROPICS [ CEN ]
It is little wonder that José Manuel Barroso is seldom seen without a grin on his face these days .
For the European commission chief is one of the luckiest guys in international politics .
First , the appointment of a low - profile Belgian as the EU 's first permanent president has meant that Barroso will be able to keep on behaving as if he is the most powerful man in Brussels .
And now , it looks likely that Barroso wo n't need to lose any sleep about assembling his new team of commissioners ( even if they do n't formally start work until January , a few months later than originally expected ) .
Theoretically , it 's still possible that MEPs will cause him difficulties as they did in 2004 , when they objected to the nomination of Rocco Buttiglione as justice commissioner because the Italian equated homosexuality with sin .
The signals from the European parliament have been that if it wanted to embarrass Barroso this time around , it would take issue with the grotesque gender imbalance in the EU executive .
However , the probability of this happening has lessened in the past few days as the final composition of his 27 - strong team emerged .
It features nine women – one more than the outgoing commission .
Like many men , I feel slightly ill - at - ease addressing gender issues .
Yet it strikes me that anyone who believes in equality should applaud the campaign being run by the European Women 's Lobby for more females to be appointed to top jobs .
Not only would I be in favour of rules stipulating that there should be an equal representation of men and women in EU institutions , I feel that all the obstacles preventing a greater female participation in politics should be removed .
During the 1990s , I worked as a press officer for an Irish MEP who married and had a child following her election ; when she inquired about the parliament 's provisions for maternity leave , she was informed that it had none .
I 'm sure that steps have been taken to rectify this omission since then but the way that EU bodies operate in general ( with debates continuing until midnight , for example ) can hardly be considered as welcoming to people with young families .
That said , if there 's one thing more important than having more women in politics , it 's ensuring that policies are implemented that genuinely benefit women .
And because most politicians of both genders can't be trusted , there 's no guarantee that female leaders will introduce such policies .
Catherine Ashton , the new EU foreign minister , has held the trade portfolio until now .
She has used this to forward an aggressive trade liberalisation programme drawn up by her predecessor , Peter Mandelson .
This has involved pressurising a range of poor countries in Africa , Asia and Latin America to open their markets to European goods and companies in a way that shows scant regards for the interests of small - scale farmers and industrial workers , many of them female .
Ashton has been particularly adamant that " technical barriers " to trade should be scrapped ; these " barriers " are frequently social and environmental laws that multinational firms regard as too onerous .
And Benita Ferrero - Waldner , the external relations commissioner , has promoted closer relations with Israel , even as it subjected Palestinian women and children to an increasingly cruel occupation .
To a large degree , the hearings in the European parliament which Barroso 's new team is required to undergo will amount to a tedious charade .
The real power in Europe is n't wielded by MEPs or by unelected officials but by male - dominated corporations .
If you do n't believe me , here 's an exercise I recommend .
Click on the website of BusinessEurope , the umbrella group for major companies , and read a few of their policy papers .
Then check the European commission 's statements on the same subjects ; if you can spot any substantial difference , you deserve a higher reward than I can afford to give you .
This week Barroso issued a " consultation paper " , ostensibly designed to kick off a debate on what the EU 's strategic goals should be for the coming decade .
The top two priorities it identified were to improve the " knowledge - base " of the European economy and to ensure that its labour markets become more " flexible " .
Can it be a coincidence that Jürgen Thumann , the president of BusinessEurope , urged that the EU set exactly the same two priorities in a speech earlier this month ?
Both Barroso and Thumann want lower wages ( though not for themselves , of course ) and measures that curb the influence of trade unions .
The former seeks reforms on labour relations to make Europe more competitive , the latter indicates that it 's necessary to " contain wage pressures " to stimulate exports .
Despite their claims to the contrary , it seems that they wish to start a process whereby Europe 's welfare states begin to implode , condemning millions of men , women and children to greater hardship .
The commission 's recent calls on many EU governments to cut public expenditure suggest , too , that this is its agenda .
Without doubt , Barroso will make some efforts on the public relations front to persuade us that he cares deeply about social and environmental issues .
The expected appointment of a commissioner for climate change is one such ploy .
Nobody should be fooled by these efforts , however .
Barroso may be adept at smiling for the cameras but that 's exactly what you 'd expect from an actor reading a script written by the captains of industry .
The Copenhagen talks aim to seek a successor to the Kyoto Protocol China has unveiled its first firm target for limiting greenhouse gas emissions , two weeks before a global summit on climate change in Copenhagen .
Beijing said it would aim to reduce its " carbon intensity " by 40 - 45 % by the year 2020 , compared with 2005 levels .
Carbon intensity , China 's preferred measurement , is the amount of carbon dioxide emitted for each unit of GDP .
But our correspondent says it does not mean China 's overall levels of carbon dioxide will start falling .
Its economy is still growing and is mostly fuelled by polluting coal , says the BBC's Quentin Sommerville in Beijing .
It will be at least a couple of decades before China 's emissions peak , so it is likely to remain the largest polluter for some time to come , he adds .
But greenhouse gas emissions in China have not been rising as fast as its economy has been growing .
The Copenhagen UN summit - between 7 -18 December - aims to draw up a treaty to succeed the 1997 Kyoto Protocol , although observers say this is unlikely .
ANALYSIS Richard Black , BBC News environment correspondent
The 40 - 45 % target for cutting carbon intensity is ambitious - more ambitious than many observers had expected .
But it does n't mean China 's emissions will fall - in fact they are still likely to rise , with the rate at which economic growth rises outstripping the rate at which carbon intensity falls .
This is exactly the kind of plan that major developing countries were supposed to take to the Copenhagen summit .
Coming on the heels of President Obama 's decision to put numbers on the table for cutting US emissions , it is likely to make discussions in Copenhagen a lot more straightforward .
But whether developing countries are impressed by the size of the US commitment is another matter .
Earth Watch Beijing also said on Thursday that Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao would attend the talks .
That confirmation came a day after US President Barack Obama said he would go to the summit .
The US - the second largest polluter after China - said President Obama would offer to cut US emissions by 17 % from 2005 levels by 2020 .
But the offer was less than hoped for by the EU , Japan and UN scientists - most other countries ' targets are given in comparison with 1990 figures .
BBC environment correspondent Richard Black says that on that basis the US figure amounts to just a few percentage points , as its emissions have risen by about 15 % since 1990 .
This is much less than the EU 's pledge of a 20 % cut over the same period , or a 30 % cut if there is a global deal ; and much less than the 25 - 40 % figure that developing countries are demanding .
President Obama 's offer reflects figures in a bill narrowly passed by the House of Representatives in June , but yet to be confirmed by the Senate .
This is definitely a very positive step China is taking , but we think China can do more
Yang Ailun
Greenpeace China
Where countries stand Q&A : The Copenhagen summit What 's your Copenhagen solution ?
He will arrive at the summit after it opens and will not stay until the end , when delegates hope to stitch together a deal .
While in Europe , he will also collect his Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo .
Thursday 's announcement by China marks the first time it has issued numerical targets for plans to curb the growth of greenhouse gas emissions .
A statement from Beijing 's State Council , or cabinet , said : " This is a voluntary action taken by the Chinese government based on its own national conditions and is a major contribution to the global effort in tackling climate change , " Xinhua news agency reported .
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full Our Beijing correspondent says this is a commitment to make Chinese factories and power plants use fuel more efficiently and get better results .
China is showing that it wants to play a leading role in tackling global climate change , he adds .
It has already made a pledge to increase its renewable energy targets to grow more forests and develop green industries .
Yang Ailun , Greenpeace China 's climate campaign manager , told AFP news agency : " This is definitely a very positive step China is taking , but we think China can do more than this . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SANDUSKY , Ohio , Sept. 21 ( UPI ) --
Authorities in Ohio said a 16 - year - old arrested for drug possession allegedly used a page torn from his Bible as a marijuana cigarette rolling paper .
The Erie County sheriff deputy 's report said the teenager 's mother called authorities at about 11:35 p.m.
Tuesday and asked deputies to meet her at a car wash on Ohio 101 in Margaretta Township , the Sandusky ( Ohio ) Register reported Monday .
Advertisement
The mother told deputies she had seen her son smoking in his room and discovered a small bag of marijuana in his nightstand .
The report said the woman told deputies the boy " was smoking a marijuana cigarette using a page from his Bible . "
Deputies confiscated the marijuana and the boy was arrested and charged with drug possession .
Sorry , and I apologise in advance : in this post I ’m going to be a nit - picker .
The question in hand is the Eurozone third quarter growth one , and the story is all about differences ( between countries ) and these differences in the key cases ( France and Germany ) are in many ways all about inventories .
So maybe I should have titled the post “ all about inventories ” , following Pedro Almodovar ’s cinematographic lead in cycling and recycling that old “ all about Eve ” metaphor – necessity is the mother of invention , and movements in inventories are progenitors of both growth , and of that notorious double dip difficulty .
So just which one of these is it that we have on our hands here ?
Indeed , the fact that the devil , as always , lies in the details should not really surprise us since economics is n’t that different from other sciences , and is n’t such a difficult subject to work with – even if some journalists and lot of bank analysts are able to make it look like it is by managing so frequently to make a dogs dinner out of what should really been an ever so plain , ordinary , and simple vanilla - flavoured ice cream .
Let me explain .
Before getting bogged down in all that horrid detail let ’s register a very simple plain , evident , and totally undisputed item of fact – the “ eurozone sixteen ” economy ( whatever that rather nebulous concept actually refers to , when you dig down a little below the surface ) poked its nose timidly out of recession in the third quarter of this year , with gross domestic product in the 16 countries using the euro rising 0.4 percent from the previous quarter ( see chart below ) .
This return to positive headline growth technically brings a recession which lasted five consecutive quarters of shrinking output to a close – even though output was still four percent below that registered in the same period in 2008 .
So evidently we are out of recession , but are we out of the woods yet ?
Well , basically I think we are n’t , and to explain why I think we are n’t I ’m going to pick ( yet one more time ) on poor old Frank Atkins of the Financial Times .
It almost hurts me to do this , since I am not trying to say that Frank is an especially bad example of economic journalism ( far from it ) , even if he is sometimes very badly served by his headline writers , writers who over the weekend managed to switch what was Friday ’s declamatory “ Germany powers eurozone recovery ” version ( and for those who like twitter here ) to Sunday ’s much more modest “ European recession ends with a whimper ” one .
However since this is now the second time in just over as many months that Frank has wheeled out the German economy “ powering ” something or other word out , I cannot help concluding that either he really likes the expression , or that he must know something I do n’t about what is actually going on in Germany , since structurally speaking it would seem to me that such “ powering ” is now completely impossible , given the economy ’s evident export dependence .
Thus far from powering up anything , the German economy is always – in some significant and non-trivial sense – going to be “ powered ” by someone or somewhere else .
The thing about Frank is – in Eurozone economic terms at any rate – he is both geographically very close to where the action is ( ie in Frankfurt ) , and communicationally very much in touch with thinking in Brussels and Frankfurt , which is what always makes what he has to say interesting , at the very least .
On the other hand , since the journalistic consensus seems to have shifted over the weekend – quite literally from a bang to a whimper – we might really want to ask ourselves the tricky question of whether we still think the rebound is as strong as it was first made out to be .
“ Germanyâ€™s economy expanded by 0.7 per cent in the third quarter ” , Frank told us ( in Friday ’s version ) “ marking a sharp acceleration in the pace of recovery in Europeâ€™s largest economy , but the pick - up in France fell short of expectations . ”
Well , here we have two facts – the Germany economy did grow by 0.7 % , and growth in the French economy was below consensus expectations – and one opinion , that the growth represented a sharp acceleration in the German recovery .
In fact , in France output expanded by 0.3 % in the third quarter , a very similar pace to that seen in the second quarter , but significantly below consensus expectations which were for a 0.6 % growth rate .
But really the issue this raises is n’t actually one about the French economy at all , but about how the economists in question managed to talk themselves into having such ludicrous expectations , and about what methodology exactly it was they were using to arrive at them .
Certainly I am a leading “ bull ” on the French economy , but I never came anywhere near the quoted number in my estimations , and indeed in my most recent full analysis of the French economy , published 27 October last on A Fistful Of Euros and elsewhere , I actually said this :
“ French GDP surprised positively with a 0.3 % quarterly gain in the second quarter .
Given the data we are seeing , a forecast of 0.2 % quarterly growth for both the third and final quarters would not seem to be an unreasonable expectation at this point , which would mean the French economy would shrink by something under 2.5 % in 2009 , well below the average Eurozone contraction rate . ”
So you could say , rather than being disappointed I should have been rather surprised on the upside by the outcome , since growth at 0.3 % came in higher than my expectation ( 0.2 % ) .
But truth be told , I really would n’t want to make this claim very strongly , since I was in fact practicing what we Catalans call the ancient art of “ trampa ” ( astute trickery ) , sin being intentionally excessively prudent in order to outperform , and also trying to shift attention away from the short term headline number issues about this quarters French GDP number to the longer term issue of what happens to monetary policy in a “ Eurozone 16 ” if France recovers significantly more sharply than everyone else .
Before continuing further , I would also make a second point , one which I think is pretty relevant to the whole debate about where the Eurozone actually stands in the here and now , and that is that my most recent piece was actually written about the OCTOBER PMI data , that is I was already looking ahead and talking about prospects for the fourth quarter , whereas Friday ’s release was actually backward looking , and taking us back in time , in order to revisit not Brideshead , but economic data from the third quarter in an attempt to get a better picture of what was happening back then , even if , as we are now about to see , since Friday ’s release was only a “ flash ” one , we still lack most of the detailed breakdown which would enable us to do just that .
So in many ways Friday ’s news was already history ( which makes it even more surprising how consensus interpretations have shifted over the weekend ) and what really interests us is what is happening now , and where the current so called “ recovery ” is actually heading .
And just to rub our noses right in it , we could remember that a week on Monday ( 23 November ) we will have the Markit Flash PMIs for November ( and this will already give us two thirds of the fourth quarter data to play around with , which should help us come up with quite realistic estimates of what eventual GDP will look like ) .
Thus , despite my openly professed French “ bullishness ” I do want to stress that I am only expecting modest growth again from France in the fourth quarter , but the important point we should expect this growth to be sustained going forward , and it is this that makes France so different from much of the rest of the Eurozone , since France has the capacity to generate autonomous ( endogenously driven ) growth in consumer demand and it is precisely this feature that makes the French economy so special ( in the Eurozone context ) at this point .
Anyone looking for dramatic ( sustained ) surges in the any of the advanced economies at this point is , basically , living on another planet ( possibly , I suspect , the one we are all being expected to send our exports to ) .
Now , after so much palaver , why do I consider this digging for details to be so important ?
Well , lets look at this from the German Federal Statistics Office :
“ In a quarter - on - quarter comparison , when adjusted for price , seasonal and calendar variations , especially exports as well as capital formation in machinery and equipment and in construction had a positive impact on growth .
However , a large quarter - on - quarter increase was also recorded for imports which , among other things , led to a build - up in inventories .
Final consumptionexpenditure of households , however , was down and slowed down economic growth . ”
Now if you look at the chart below , you will see that German growth was in the second quarter was , more than anything , a statistical quirk which resulted from a balancing act between strong swings in inventories and in net trade .
In the third quarter , as far as we can see ( since we do n’t have that ever so important detailed breakdown ) , this position has quite literally been inverted , as the earlier trade bonus has been eaten away by growth in imports ( largely to stock up on export oriented inventories , not items destined towards domestic consumption ) and this part we more or less know , since we do have all the trade data in for the quarter .
So we need to see the magnitude of the German inventory shift , and then we can get an idea of how much this could unwind in Q4 .
The current position reminds me very much of Q1 2008 , when Germany put in a record annualised growth rate ( 1.7 % q - o - q , 7.2 % annually ) only then to slouch off into recession and four consecutive quarters of GDP contraction .
One reason for this surge in GDP , then , was that the huge growth registered was a by product of a massive inventory pile - up ( see chart ) , a pile up which was precisely the result of an anticipated continuation in demand , demand which , as it happened , never materialised .
Now the current position is not as bad as Q1 2008 , since the size of the distortion is not so great , and the general external environment may be more supportive in Q4 2009 , but still I think the general structural point holds .
Indeed the October PMI suggests inventories are coming down again , with Markit reporting that “ companies remained cautious regarding input buying and stock levels ” and that the “ October data showed that both inventories of purchases and finished goods fell sharply over the month ” .
Finally , we should not let this last point from the German Federal Statistics Office Report escape our notice , since at the end of the day it holds the key :
“ Final consumption expenditure of households , however , was down and slowed down economic growth . ”
So now , by way of comparison , let ’s turn our attention to France , and see what was actually happening there .
Now , according to the quarterly report from analysts at Nomura :
“ France is the only country to publish a components breakdown and the details are disappointing , with domestic private demand still very depressed .
Most of the growth came from public spending and net trade ; private consumption was flat , while fixed investment from firms and even more from households retrenched heavily .
Inventories continued to decline . ”
Well , as Nomura say , France has published a table showing the breakdown , and just for the record , here it is :
Now the Nomura people say “ with domestic private demand still very depressed ” , but , I ’m sorry , if you take a look at line three in the table , which shows quarter on quarter household consumption , you will see this is stable , and up .
In fact France has not shown one single quarter of quarter over quarter contraction in household spending during the whole crisis .
This is what I mean when I say robust .
Now you could say that this is all about cash for clunkers , and to some extent you would be right , but other countries have had cash for clunkers programmes , and domestic consumption has n’t held up anything like as well , so the outstanding issue for economic theory , and for eurozone monetary and fiscal policy , is why , why does the French economy and none other exhibit this profile ?
Now you might want to argue that French household consumption was stationary in the third quarter ( and this is what many of the analysts point to ) , but I would respond by pointing out it is still well up on consumption in the third quarter of 2008 due to the earlier quarters of growth .
OK , so we do n’t exactly have a consumption boom ( yet ) , but is anyone really expecting one at this point ?
Even in Norway ?
All I am saying , and saying almost boorishly , to the point that it irritates , is that French consumption has the potential to rise in the coming quarters , while German consumption does n’t , and this is going to be the key FACT about the Eurozone in the months and quarters ahead .
And if you find economic at times a boring and tedious subject , then I ’m sorry , sometime things are just like that .
And please , please , note this : “ Inventories continued to decline . ”
Look at the next to last line in the table .
French inventories fell by 1.5 % quarter over quarter .
So , to put things plainly , the real difference between those headline GDP numbers for Germany and France is that Germany increased inventories while France ran them down , and government spending in both cases played a large part in the growth .
The thing is , in the fourth quarter it is quite likely that Germany will have to run down some of those inventories , while France may start to increase them .
Either way , I repeat , at this point French growth ( even if at a tortoise pace ) looks a lot more robust and a lot more sustainable than growth in any other Eurozone country , and if things turn out as they appear to be , then we will one more time need to be asking ourselves just what it is that is wrong with “ convergence theory ” , since whatever the actual reason behind the present Eurozone divergences , the plain fact of the matter is that they exist .
Conclusions
Basically if we go back to the weekend version of Frank Atkins article , the real powerhouses of the rebound are not France , but , and would you believe it , Germany AND Italy .
“ Powering the rebound were Germany and Italy , which saw GDP rising by 0.7 per cent and 0.6 per cent respectively .
Franceâ€™s recovery , however , proved much weaker than expected , with an increase of just 0.3 per cent , the same as in the previous quarter . ”
Now Germany
I can swallow , there is a real issue there about just how far forward Germany can leap , but Italy ?
I ask you .
Let ’s have a look at Italy ’s long term growth chart :
My estimation is that Italy ’s long term trend growth at this point is not far from zero , and indeed it is quite possible that Italy could have its third consecutive year of negative growth in 2010 .
Italy ’s growth problems are well know , structural , and long term , and have little to do with the current crisis , so any argument about Italy powering anything very significant at this point , is bound to be skating on thin ice .
And then , of course there is Spain , which is n’t getting too much mention , but which is consistently likely to pull the Eurozone 16 aggregate growth number down going forward .
FT Alphaville ’s Tracy Alloway draws attention to a summary of the situation from JP Morgan economist David Mackie which seems pretty much to the point .
“ The third quarter GDP data suggest that the region has exited recession , but the move was hardly a decisive one .
Despite a 12 % annualised rate gain in industrial production across the region , GDP managed to increase by only 1.5 % annualised rate .
Clearly , there was a lot of weakness in construction and services .
These data will reinforce the perceptions of the consensus : that the upswing will be lackluster and bumpy .
And , they present a major challenge to our more upbeat forecast of growth over the coming year .
Indeed , if GDP can only increase by 1.5 % annualised rate when IP grows at a double digit pace , the largest gain since 1984 , one can only worry about the future . ”
And as Tracy points out a number of Eurozone economies are still stuck in recession .
Spain and Greece we know about , while Ireland , Slovenia and Finland have yet to report .
Even the Slovak case is not entirely clear , since we have no seasonally adjusted data .
So , going back to my original question , is this a whimper recovery , or are we on the verge of a double dip ?
I think , basically , it is all down to Germany , and those inventories .
If external demand weakens in key customer countries then Germany will fall back into negative growth , and with it the whole “ eurozone sixteen economy ” .
Since demand in the South and the East of Europe is hardly going to be strong , given the new found need of countries in those regions to run trade surpluses , my inkling is that just this outcome is now a clear possibilty .
So while the consensus at the moment seems to be that France disappoints , my view is that it is the German economy we really should be worrying about .
Nursing crisis looms as baby boomers age
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
America could be facing a nursing shortage that will worsen exponentially as the population grows older .
The problem : Baby boomers are getting older and will require more care than ever , taxing an already strained nursing system .
Digg
Buzz Up !
Email
Print
Lab instructor Lisa Rubin leads a class at New York University 's College of Nursing .
America has had a nursing shortage for years , said Peter Buerhaus , workforce analyst at Vanderbilt University School of Nursing in Nashville , Tenn .
But by 2025 , the country will be facing a shortfall of 260,000 RNs , he said .
" In a few short years , just under four out of 10 nurses will be over the age of 50 , " said Buerhaus .
" They 'll be retiring out in a decade .
And we 're not replacing these nurses even as the demand for them will be growing . "
That 's because nursing schools are already maxed out .
" We 've got to find another portal to bring nurses into the profession , " said Claire Zangerle , chief executive of the Visiting Nurse Association of Ohio and former chief nursing officer at the Cleveland Clinic .
" We do n't have enough nursing instructors , so therefore the capacity of nursing schools is very limited . "
The nursing profession has benefited from the recession , which has prompted new nurses to sign up for school and older nurses to postpone retirement , Buerhaus said .
Some 243,000 registered nurses entered or re-entered the profession during the recession that began in 2007 , he said , including many who were forced out of retirement by financial difficulties .
But as the economy improves that kind of growth is unlikely to continue .
And experts stress that there will be a nursing shortage even if every nursing school is at capacity .
A lack of teaching staff is the biggest hurdle to minting new RNs , according to Cheryl Peterson , director of nursing practice and policy for the American Nurses Association
" The problem on the supply side is that our current nursing education capacity is at its limit , " she said .
" [ Nursing schools ] are pumping out about as many as they can . "
Dr. Mary O'Neil Mundinger , the dean of Columbia University Nursing School in New York , said the number of applicants jumped 20 % this year to about 400 .
She said the roster includes professionals seeking a career switch from Wall Street , law and even the opera .
" Making choices between these extremely well qualified applicants is really daunting , " she said , noting that the school has capacity for only half the applicants .
Indeed , Claire Zangerle from the Visiting Nurse Association of Ohio said her niece spent two years on a waiting list before getting accepted into a nursing school .
It 's hard to recruit and retain nursing instructors when they can usually make more money working in a hospital .
The average starting pay for an RN is about $ 56,000 , according to the American Nurses Association .
Mundinger said that the most ambitious graduates can earn as much as $ 90,000 if they 're willing to work long hours , including weekends and night shifts , in busy metropolitan hospitals .
" They need to pay nursing faculty a wage that is attractive enough , " said Peterson of the ANA , " You have nurses working in hospital units who are making more than the nurses in education . "
Barry Pactor , international director of global health care for consulting company HCL International , agrees that more nurses should be trained within the U.S. system .
But as a short term solution for this " huge shortage , " he said the U.S. government should loosen immigration restrictions on foreign health care workers .
" I do n't see this as foreign nurses taking American jobs , because these are vacancies that already exist and cannot be [ filled ] by nurses currently in training , " he said .
" We 'd be filling in the gaps until the training can catch up with the demand . "
The present Qualcommfest is partly due to Android 's maturity on the Qualcomm platform .
Remember that the chips used in these smartphones are SoCs ( system - on - a - chip ) , meaning that the CPU , GPU , I/O and a bunch of other functions are all integrated onto a single piece of silicon -- so driver support is crucial .
Until recently , running Android on other SoCs required a bit of legwork , but Android 1.6 adds in native support for non-Qualcomm processors .
The Samsung Moment on Sprint uses an undetermined Samsung SoC , while the Motorola Sholes is expected to use a TI OMAP SoC .
But while Android itself is changing , so are the chips themselves .
There are two basic rules to know -- first , ; and second , .
( Both of these items have caveats , of course , but I 'm trying to keep it simple . )
Our industry would be doomed if it were n't for a third rule , though : Rule three does n't happen magically -- it takes a lot of very smart people and a great deal of work .
But it does happen , almost like clockwork , and ultimately it 's the basis for Moore 's Law .
Want to build faster chips ?
Gotta make 'em bigger .
Want to build faster chips without increasing cost ?
Wait two years and then you can use smaller transistors to build faster chips at the same cost ( size ) as before .
That 's really all there is to it .
So -- how does this relate to Android ?
The 528MHz figure refers to the clock speed of the general purpose CPU core in these phones .
There 's much more to the Qualcomm SoC , but that 's beyond the scope of this article , and it 's really that 528 Mhz ARM11 core that makes launching applications or interacting with your phone slow .
I present you with two boxes :
To scale , we have a rough estimate of the size of an ARM11 core ( just the die , not the packaging ) vs. a much faster ARM Cortex A8 core .
Built using the same manufacturing process ( same transistor sizes ) it looks more like this : ARM11 is just a lot cheaper .
Most PC buyers do n't understand microprocessor architecture , they just buy into clock speed .
Most smartphone buyers do n't even get that far .
ARM11 clock speeds are easily as high as Cortex A8 speeds are , so why bother with something faster that 's not going to sell more handsets ?
( Oh , and just for kicks let 's throw a Core i7 into the mix just to give you all an idea of scale here : ) The ARM business model does n't work like that of AMD or Intel .
ARM comes up with the architecture for a processor , but never physically makes the CPU .
Instead , it licenses out the design to companies like TI , Samsung and Qualcomm , who in turn make SoCs based on the architecture either at their own fabs or at foundries like TSMC .
TI 's ARM based SoCs are branded OMAP , while Qualcomm 's custom Cortex A8 - based SoC sounds slightly more tangible with its Snapdragon name .
Like any other microprocessor company , ARM has to keep innovating , but since it does n't make the chips , it takes a while for the design to go from ARM to incorporation in some manufacturer 's SoC design , then to production , and then finally to actually being used in a smartphone .
To make a long story short , while Cortex A8 debuted in 2005 , it was n't until 2009 that Apple used it in the iPhone 3GS and Palm used it in the Pre .
The original iPhone and the 3G both used an ARM11 based SoC -- the same as in all these Android phones .
( I 've written extensively about the difference between ARM11 and Cortex A8 , if you 're interested . )
Apple and Palm had more motivation to go the performance route with their handsets .
They were sold at a premium and performance had to be as high as possible to enable the sort of usage models Apple / Palm were targeting .
But the Cortex A8 is built using 65nm transistors , which makes it roughly twice the size ( and thus twice the cost to manufacture ) of an ARM11 core .
That means expensive phones get to use it , while cheaper phones do n't .
Move to 45 nm transistors and now the Cortex A8 ends up being around the same ( manufacturing ) cost as a 65 nm ARM11 .
Of course , ARM is also expecting manufacturers to make 45nm ARM11 cores , which will be even cheaper and thus enable even lower cost handsets ( or higher profit margins ) , so we wo n't totally escape ARM11 anytime soon .
In either case , we find ourselves in a sea of 528MHz ARM11 - based Android phones because Android is still in its infancy and keeping costs low forces us into the open arms ( pun ) of a slower microprocessor .
If the rumors hold up , we 'll see support for TI 's OMAP SoCs in this next generation of Android phones .
Samsung is also going to be making an appearance , obviously -- it'll be interesting to see if the Moment has a Cortex A8 - based chip or just uses the higher - clocked ARM11 SoC that Samsung already produces .
We 're also seeing Qualcomm 's Snapdragon chips arrive in Android phones , like Acer 's Liquid and the rumored HTC Dragon .
At the same time we 'll see Cortex A8 SoCs moving to 45nm over the next 12 months and getting cheaper .
The combination yields faster Android phones in 2010 .
It 's about time .
Anand Shimpi is CEO and Editor - in - chief of AnandTech .
Contact him at anand AT anandtech DOT com .
Views expressed here are his own .
More than half of senior police officers are suffering from anxiety and depression brought on by under - staffing , bullying chief constables and 60 - hour working weeks .
The survey of 800 superintendents and chief superintendents in England and Wales paints a picture of police forces ravaged by record levels of stress - related illnesses .
Nearly one - quarter described their anxiety symptoms as moderate or severe , while a similar number said they suffered from depression .
In one recent case , a 40 - year - old superintendent suffered a heart attack after working 30 days without a day off .
The findings are so worrying that the Police Superintendents '
Association is to raise the report with Sir Hugh Orde , the new head of the Association of Chief Police Officers ( Acpo ) .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
More than half of the senior officers questioned also complained of working 50 - to 60 - hour weeks , which the report said was a breach of European working - time directive laws .
And one third said they would rather use their holiday allowance than take an official sick day .
Superintendent Robin Jarman , a member of the national executive of the Police Superintendents ' Association ( PSA ) , which commissioned the report , said the survey showed the situation was getting worse , not better .
He added : " It 's disappointing that all of our efforts [ to encourage the police forces to take action ] are not being listened to .
It 's particularly sad because we are talking about officers who are loyal and committed to the police . "
Nearly 40 per cent of officers reported that senior management 's approach to managing performance was " harsh and unhelpful " , and nearly a third said chief constables showed " bullying behaviour " .
Others said stress and depression could be triggered by the exposure to traumatic incidents they encountered during their work .
But there were also worryingly high levels of demands placed on the officers ' daily workload .
Particular concerns were raised about the management of " difficult people " , attending numerous meetings , and receiving a high volume of emails and work phone calls at all times of the day and night .
Nearly 40 per cent said they did not have enough resources or staff to do the job .
And the vast majority said they found it difficult to balance the demands of work with their family lives .
Emma Donaldson - Fielder , the occupational psychologist who analysed the research , said : " The majority of respondents perceive everyone in their organisation to work long hours ; working long hours is seen as a way to show you are performing well and that people feel they must n't be seen as fallible .
We still need to convince people that a ' persistent long hours ' culture is unhealthy and contrary to the European Working Time Directive , which is in place to protect staff . "
The new figures for moderate or severe levels of anxiety symptoms are 6 per cent higher than they were three years ago , when the results of a similar survey were published .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
On behalf of ACPO , Vice - President Tim Hollis , Chief Constable of Humberside said :
“ The Superintendents Association undertakes personal resilience surveys every three years , a move which I fully support as a means of gauging emerging issues for their members .
As such if there are challenges to be discussed , ACPO would actively encourage a meeting with the Association to find a way forward .
“ Unfortunately the issue of targets is something that frankly is not going to go away .
Comparative crime statistics continue to feature significantly in the ongoing monitoring of police performance and I see little evidence that this will change in the near future .
Indeed , as budgets get tighter , pressure on the service in relation to performance is likely to increase .
“ High quality leadership training throughout the service is essential if we are to meet the complex demands made of us without people feeling poorly managed or led .
For that reason , I welcome recent improvements in training across the ranks and the leadership within ACPO is keen to work with both the Superintendents Association and the Federation in addressing any issues that they have identified . ”
The full findings will be unveiled at the PSA 's annual conference this month .
The stretched blue line :
One chief superintendent 's story
Chief Superintendent John Smith , 43 – not his real name – was in charge of policing a large urban area in southern England before his excessive workload led to severe depression
I joined my local police force in the south of England in the early 1980s because I wanted to serve my community as well as work in an interesting job .
I found I really liked the work and rose quickly through the ranks so that by the time I was in my mid-30s I had been appointed a superintendent responsible for 300 officers .
The new job was hard and I soon found myself putting in ridiculous hours .
There was also a lot of travelling to and from work which meant I was leaving for the office at 6 am and , because I had to go to lots of meetings after work , I was not getting home until 9 pm .
But my borough was winning awards for some of our projects and initiatives which had helped to bring national attention to my officers .
Because of these successes , all the extra hours seemed worthwhile .
I decided I would push for the post of chief superintendent and started putting in even more hours because I thought this was what was required .
But slowly my health began to suffer and that caused my family life to suffer too .
I was feeling more and more depressed about little setbacks and because I did n't have any time to exercise , I was also putting on weight .
It all came to a head when one of my superiors told me that I had to go sick .
I was finally diagnosed as having severe depression brought on by the stress of my job .
It was a shock but also a relief because at last I could address the stresses and anxieties which had brought on my illness .
In the end I was off work for six months until I could come back on a part - time basis .
The Federal Reserve ’s initial emergency plan last fall to save then - failing American International Group was so hastily put together and poorly structured that it resulted in billions of additional taxpayer dollars spent on the insurance giant , says a new report by a Treasury Department independent watchdog .
The plan - coordinated by then head of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( FRBNY ) Timothy F. Geithner , who now serves as Treasury secretary - allowed too much leverage to AIG counterparties while significantly handcuffing the Federal Reserve ’s negotiating power , according to an audit released Tuesday by Neil Barofsky , special inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
“ The decision to acquire a controlling interest in one of the world ’s most complex and troubled corporations was done with almost no independent consideration of the terms of the transaction or the impact that those terms might have on the future of AIG , ” the audit said .
The audit says that although the Federal Reserve ’s initial $ 85 billion credit line to AIG helped the company settle many of its outstanding contracts with outside parties , “ its terms were unworkable . ”
The Fed failed to persuade most parties engaged in credit - default swaps with AIG to agree to certain concessions , forcing the Fed to pay full - market value of the swaps , an amount far above the going rate at the time .
“ There is no question that the effect of the FRBNY ’s decision - indeed , the very design of the federal assistance to AIG - was that tens of billions of dollars of government money was funneled inexorably and directly to AIG ’s counterparties , ” the report said .
The Fed ’s interest rate to AIG was “ so onerous ” that it forced the Treasury Department weeks later to dole out an additional $ 40 billion to the company , the report said .
Treasury and the Federal Reserve , which were given advance copies of the audit , disagreed with much of the report and defended their participation in the AIG bailout .
Assistant Treasury Secretary for Financial Stability Herbert M. Allison Jr. said that although the audit provides a “ useful history ” of the AIG bailout , “ we think the central lesson that should be learned from these events is overlooked by the report . ”
“ The circumstances that forced the government to act developed extremely quickly , ” said Mr. Allison in a letter to Mr. Barofsky .
Federal Reserve lawyers said the agency did the best it could with the authority and legislative tools at its disposal at the time of the economic crisis last fall .
“ The AIG situation highlights the need for strong , effective supervision of all systemically important financial firms , ” Federal Reserve lawyers said in a letter to Mr. Barofsky .
The motivation behind many of the Fed ’s actions in bailing out AIG was to improve the company ’s credit rating , a necessity if AIG was to avoid bankruptcy and survive .
But such rationale “ stands as a stark example of the tremendous influence of credit - rating agencies upon financial institutions and upon government decision making in response to financial crises , ” the audit said .
The document adds that the threat of further credit - rating downgrades caused by the oppressive terms of the deal led to further government intervention in AIG - including more than $ 180 billion in TARP bailout money .
The audit also criticized the Fed / AIG deal for lacking sufficient transparency .
Fed officials initially refused to disclose the identities of the counterparties or details of the payments , warning that disclosure would undermine the stability of AIG and the financial markets , as well as compromise the privacy of AIG ’s business partners .
Only after public and congressional pressure did AIG disclose the identities .
“ Notwithstanding the Federal Reserve ’s warnings , the sky did not fall , ” the audit said .
AIG was awarded government assistance because financial regulators feared an economic meltdown if the company was allowed to go bankrupt .
The action led AIG to be categorized as the poster child for corporations deemed “ too big to fail . ”
A further public outcry aimed at AIG erupted in March when it was revealed that the company awarded at least $ 165 million in executive - bonus pay after receiving federal assistance .
The news prompted an uproar from Capitol Hill before former AIG Chief Executive Edward M. Liddy told a packed House committee hearing that he had asked employees to voluntarily give back at least half of their bonuses .
But a Barofsky report last month showed that AIG employees returned less than half of the $ 45 million in bonuses that they promised to repay in a good - will gesture .
Congress this month is debating measures that call for a significant overhaul of the regulation of Wall Street , including how the government should deal with failing companies whose demise could threaten the economy .
Pending legislation in the House and Senate would allow for the government to step in and dismantle failing big companies in a way designed not to collapse the economy .
While “ winding down ” such firms would require taxpayer assistance , lawmakers say it would be far cheaper than offering Wall Street aid such as the controversial $ 700 billion TARP bailout approved by Congress last fall and signed by President George W. Bush .
Proposals in both chambers also call for an independent watchdog agency to give consumers new protections against excessive credit - card - rate and fee increases , predatory lending practices and deceptive mortgages that have helped fuel the nation ’s economic woes .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
If you have bad credit in the new era of credit card regulation , be prepared to pay — dearly — for the privilege of using credit .
That ’s the message underlying recent credit card offers that feature jaw - dropping interest rates of up to 79.9 percent .
The eye - popping rates may be a sign of things to come in the market for so - called subprime credit cards as issuers who lend to the riskiest of borrowers try to figure out how to stay in business and comply with the new credit card reform law .
“ We need to price our product based on the risk associated with this market and allow the customer to make the decision whether they want the product or not , ” according to a statement issued by Miles Beacom , CEO of Premier Bankcard , the South Dakota credit card marketer that mailed test offers in September and October featuring 79.9 percent and 59.9 percent annual percentage rates ( APRs ) on cards with $ 300 credit limits .
Premier markets credit cards issued by First Premier Bank .
Yes , it ’s legal
A national bank charging 79.9 percent interest on a credit card is legal — as long as the issuer fully discloses the terms as required by the federal Truth in Lending Act .
Still , the high rate has been met with shock across the country because it is so much higher than prevailing APRs and penatly interest rates .
The CreditCards.com Weekly Rate report national average for bad credit credit cards was 14.15 percent on Feb. 12 .
First Premier ’s experiment with interest rates that approach triple digits is one effort by subprime credit card issuers and marketers to find a way to stay in business despite passage of a credit card reform law that bans their most - common product : credit cards that carry huge fees .
Credit counselors warn consumers to be sure they read the fine print of these new offers and seek advice about other options before signing up for the cards .
“ Anyone who feels they have no choice but to get one of these should get help from a credit counselor , ” advises Sandy Shore , a counselor with Novadebt , a New Jersey - based consumer credit counseling agency .
“ There are other alternatives , like a debit card or even a secured card .
The counselor can give the consumer other ways to re-establish their credit , depending on their circumstances . ”
Law limits upfront fees
New restrictions in the Credit CARD
Act of 2009 limit the upfront fees credit card issuers can charge on subprime accounts .
The low - credit , high - cost cards , known as fee harvesting credit cards , are issued to people with bad credit or no credit history and feature credit limits of $ 500 or less .
Issuers typically charge a slew of fees at the outset to compensate for the risk of lending to people with poor repayment histories .
Starting Feb. 22 , 2010 , the law will limit upfront fees to no more than 25 percent of the credit limit on the account .
As a result , subprime credit card marketers are testing the waters with offers that essentially shift the pricing on their products from upfront fees to high interest rates .
… [ W ]e will need to shift the premium from upfront fees on risk to the interest rate .
We have to be able to price the product to offset the risk .
Miles Beacom , CEO of Premier Bankcard
The First Premier card ’s test offer featured a $ 75 upfront fee — exactly 25 percent of the card ’s credit limit , as the new law mandates .
“ Because of the new regulations that limit the fees on a credit card to 25 percent of a credit card ’s line , we will need to shift the premium from upfront fees on risk to the interest rate , ” Beacom says .
“ We have to be able to price the product to offset the risk . ”
In December , the bank ’s regular Gold card , as advertised on its Web site , included a 9.9 percent APR and the following upfront fees : $ 29 account setup fee , $ 95 one - time program fee , $ 48 annual fee and a $ 7 monthly servicing fee .
“ There ’s 70 million people out there who have been identified with problem credit , ” says Beacom , adding those are people with FICO scores lower than 640 .
“ These are people who have had problems with their credit in the past . ”
He likened people with bad credit to bad automobile drivers who must pay higher auto insurance premiums if they want to continue driving .
“ These are people who have had those same accidents or speeding tickets with their credit . ”
He adds : “ It ’s going to be very difficult for these individuals to obtain credit after February . ”
Prior to the credit crunch , a subprime borrower might take eight to 16 months to build a good enough credit record to qualify for lower interest rates on prime cards .
Today , however , because the prime lenders have dramatically tightenend their credit standards , it could take 16 to 24 months or longer to build their credit .
Competitive market changes
In addition to Premier , the Nevada - based Credit One Bank has also mailed out offers featuring different fee structures , according to Andrew Davidson , senior vice president of Mintel Comperemedia , a Chicago direct - mail research consulting firm .
Mintel is tracking how credit card offers are changing in light of the credit card law restrictions .
“ The indication here is that the subprime issuers are looking at ways to work within the new law , ” Davidson says .
“ Some suggest they will stop operating in that space , but the reality is there are always going to be people who need to establish credit and rebuild their credit . ”
If they can work around these laws so that they can have a business model that works , they can continue to have a successful operation .
Andrew Davidson , Mintel Comperemedia
He notes that while many credit card issuers scaled back direct mail card offers during the recession , “ First Premier has consistently been mailing during the downturn . ”
The reason : Demand is high among people with bad credit .
“ If they can work around these laws so that they can have a business model that works , they can continue to have a successful operation , ” Davidson adds .
One of First Premier ’s competitors in the subprime credit card market , CompuCredit , apparently could not find a model that worked for them while complying with the new law .
Under fire from consumer advocates , facing lawsuits and mounting losses , CompuCredit decided to stop marketing the high - fee cards to bad - credit consumers .
Credit One ’s Platinum Visa card offer mailed in August 2009 featured a 23.9 percent APR and a range of annual fees that were card law compliant , that is , no more than 25 percent of the credit limit on the card , according to Mintel .
A spokeswoman for HSBC , another marketer of subprime cards , said it has no plans for testing .
Premier ’s Beacom says the new regulations may make it impossible for subprime issuers to continue to make money in that high - risk niche market .
“ The cost of funding for these products is very difficult these days , ” he says , noting that his competitors are also testing different product offerings .
“ One , many or maybe all ” of the subprime issuers could go out of business , he says .
Beacom says it ’s too early to tell if the 79.9 percent card offers will last .
It normally takes them nine to 12 months to analyze the results of a test product .
Customers who sign up for the high - interest card and want to back out can get full refunds and close the accounts , Beacom says .
“ From our initial research we know that 83 percent of the people who accepted the offer are fully aware of the interest rate they are receiving and the purpose of the credit card to help re-establish credit .
If anyone accepts the offer and did n’t fully understand it or no longer wants it they can take advantage of our full refund of fees policy . ”
Response to 79.9 % offer ‘ phenomenal ’
Has First Premier gotten any takers on the 79.9 percent cards ?
Beacom called the response “ phenomenal , ” adding 2 percent of people receiving the offers have applied for the cards .
Their normal response rates is 1 percent to 1.2 percent , he says .
“ It ’s double what our normal product was . ”
Shore , the New Jersey credit counselor , urged consumers not to jump at the first high - interest offer they receive .
“ I would caution anyone who is considering a card like this to wait .
Other credit card issuers will be adjusting their products and there may be better alternatives coming out , ” Shore says .
“ No one should be shocked at the interest rate on [ the First Premier ] card , ” Shore notes .
“ These cards are being marketed to consumers with very poor credit .
The APR is actually much lower than the old subprime cards because the fees are much less . ”
In other words , when you added up all the fees on the old cards , they ’re the dollar equivalent of a huge interest rate on the amount borrowed .
( For example , $ 250 in fees on a $ 300 credit limit would amount to an 83 percent interest rate . )
“ If someone wants to take a chance on a card like this , they should use it only as a convenience and pay the whole thing off when the bill comes , ” Shore adds .
“ Many consumers who have credit that poor do not have good credit habits and are likely to carry balances . ”
Beacom from Premier says the astronomic interest rate will only affect revolvers — people who do not pay their entire balances off each month .
“ People pay it off every month , they pay no interest , ” he adds .
Those getting the offer have a choice , Beacom says .
“ If everything is fully disclosed , if they want it fine , if they do n’t want it fine , ” he adds .
” People should be able to make that decision rather than the government cutting off access and saying they know best . ”
“ Our goal is really to keep these lines controlled because these are people who have had problems in the past , ” Beacom says .
“ It ’s really to help build up the discipline without them getting into credit trouble again . ”
“ Whether it works or not , time will tell , ” he adds .
See related : Credit card reform and you , Credit CARD
Act of 2009 , Feds seek $ 200 million for ‘ fee harvesting ’ credit cards , Ills of ‘ fee harvesting ’ credit cards known for a long time , FTC settles case against fee harvesting credit card issuer , Subprime credit card marketer must repay $ 114 million
First Story
Second Story
I heard two stories about this tree .
I think second story is much better and near to truth .
The tree is in the deep forests of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Looks similar to ‘ Baobab ’ .
From a distance , it ’s just like any other ordinary huge - girth tree , looking old and worn .
A close look - the trunk has all sorts of animal shapes as if carpented on it .
The shapes are amazing .
They are not human - carved because there ’s just ordinary / natural bark over the shapes .
The Tree of Life , a sculpted 14 - story ( 145 - foot tall ) , 50 - foot wide tree , is the centerpiece and icon in Disney 's Animal Kingdom theme park .
Paths known as Discovery Island Trails weave around and through this homage to nature .
Stroll the trails to see a swirling tapestry of 325 animals carved into the bark of this massive attraction .
Look for creatures like Galapagos tortoises , lemurs and cotton - top tarmarins .
A theater is housed in the Tree of Life root system where the It 's Tough to be a Bug !
show is performed .
This 8 - minute , 3D movie and multimedia show features Flik , everybody 's favorite ant , and his grasshopper friend , Hopper , from the Disney •Pixar film A Bug 's Life — along with a supporting cast of insects and arachnids who provide a surprising look into the animal kingdom .
JERUSALEM ( AP )  Israel hardened its opposition Tuesday to international calls for an independent inquiry into its fierce offensive against Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip last winter , saying it would urge the U.S. to prevent the issue from advancing at the United Nations
The decision came at a special Cabinet meeting called to discuss a U.N. report that has accused Israel and Palestinian militants of committing war crimes during the three - week operation .
The report , which was adopted by the U.N. Human Rights Council last week , recommends war crimes proceedings if the sides do not conduct credible independent investigations into their actions .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak , a fierce critic of the report , blocked a planned discussion Tuesday on whether to launch an investigation .
" There is no need for a committee of inquiry , " said Barak , according to a statement from his office .
" The Israeli military knows to examine itself better than anyone else , " said Barak , himself a former military chief .
Instead , Cabinet ministers established a special lobbying team that will urge the U.S. to use its veto power in the Security Council to prevent legal action against Israelis , officials said , speaking on condition of anonymity because the meeting was closed .
" Our struggle is to delegitimize the continuing attempt to delegitimize the state of Israel , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told the meeting , according to his office .
" The most important sphere we need to work in is the sphere of public opinion in the democratic world . "
Both men have argued that the report was one - sided and undermines Israel 's right to defend itself .
They also say that internal military investigations are sufficient .
So far , the internal probes have cleared the army of any systemic wrongdoing .
But international pressure for an independent query has mounted since last week 's vote in the rights council .
Washington , which has reacted coolly to the report , is likely to veto attempts to prosecute Israelis .
Still , the Israeli government is taking no chances .
Tuesday 's decision by the Security Cabinet , a group of seven senior ministers , assigned legal , political and diplomatic officials to the lobbying effort , the officials said .
The U.N. report , overseen by respected South African jurist Richard Goldstone , has created an uproar in Israel .
Officials say the Human Rights Council , which includes many Arab and Muslim countries , is hopelessly biased against Israel .
But Goldstone 's credentials as a former war crimes prosecutor in the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda , his Jewish faith and his close ties to Israel have made it hard for Israel to ignore his findings .
Goldstone has personally urged Israel to hold an independent investigation .
Israel attacked Gaza last December in a bid to end eight years of relentless rocket fire by Palestinian militants .
Some 1,400 Palestinians , including more than 900 civilians , were killed in the three - week war , according to Palestinian officials and human rights groups .
Thirteen Israelis , including four civilians , also died .
The Goldstone report concluded that Israel deliberately struck civilians and repeatedly destroyed civilian infrastructure without military justification .
It also accused Palestinian rocket squads affiliated with Hamas , the Islamic militant group that rules Gaza , and other Palestinian armed groups of deliberately going after Israeli civilians .
Each side has rejected the war crimes allegations against it .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
DIY USB preloading with * nix
Posted by Nick Johnson | Filed under go , tech , coding
Having recently received a large number of USB flash drives , I needed a solution for preloading them in bulk .
Dedicated USB preloading / flashing devices are pricey - starting at over 500 euro for a small model - and while the preload services most companies offer ( including Memotrek , the company we ordered the drives from ) are handy , they add an extra 50c or so to the price of each drive , and the preload is quickly out of date .
With that in mind , I decided to go the DIY route .
This post documents my attempts and the final ( successful ) result .
To start , you need a lot of USB ports .
I purchased two D - Link DUB - H7 7 port USB hubs , but any hubs ought to do , as long as the spacing between the ports is sufficient to accommodate a flash drive in every port .
You wo n't need the included power bricks , as the power provided by the USB host is sufficient even for 7 UDB flash drives .
The general process of bulk flashing goes something like this :
Plug in one of your drives .
Wipe it with " dd if=/dev/zero of= / dev/your - drive bs=1M " , partition and format it , and write the data you want to preload to it .
Set the volume label to something appropriate .
Create an image of the drive you just constructed by doing " dd if=/dev/your - drive of=image_file bs=1M " .
Take care to image the whole drive ( eg / dev/sdb ) not just the partition ( eg , / dev/sdb1 ) .
( Optional )
Use a tool to truncate the image file at the last non-zero byte .
Because FAT32 packs all files at the beginning of the partition , this allows you to cut the image file down to roughly the size of the total amount of data you want to load , while still flashing a full - sized filesystem to the devices .
Plug in your USB hubs , and insert a USB flash drive into each port .
Take note of the device names they get assigned .
Use a flashing tool that supports multiple output devices to write the modified image file to the drives , again taking care to write to the device , not the partition .
Take care not to overwrite your hard disk !
The last step is , of course , the most interesting one .
Initially , I had intended to use a tool called dcfldd , a dd extension that supports multiple output devices .
Unfortunately , as I discovered when I tried it , dcfldd writes to multiple output devices serially , waiting for each write to complete before continuing on to the next device .
While this creates a very pretty ' chasing ' effect as the USB activity lights flash one by one , it means that flashing n devices goes 1 / nth as fast as flashing one !
On realising this shortcoming of dcfldd , I set out to write my own multi- device flashing tool .
Go , with its excellent concurrency model , seemed like a natural choice here , especially since I 've been playing with it anyway .
Writing a program like this in languages such as C would likely involve a lot of complications dealing with non-blocking IO , or complex synchronization primitives for worker threads .
In Go , however , the overall plan is quite straightforward :
Start up one ' writer ' goroutine per output device .
Give each one its own channel .
Open the input device and read blocks in .
For each block read in , send a pointer to it to each writer goroutine .
Once all blocks have been read , send an empty block to each writer to let it know we 're done .
Let 's start by defining the writer goroutine :
func write_blocks ( outname string , outfile * os .
File , in chan [ ] byte ) { for { block := 0 { if _ , err := outfile .
Write ( block ) ; err != nil { log .
Exitf ( " Error writing to %s : %s
" , outname , err ) ; } } else { outfile .
Close ( ) ; return ; } } }
This ought to be fairly easy to understand .
The function takes the name of the output file ( used solely for error reporting ) , an opened file to write to , and a channel that will be used to send it new blocks .
We use Go's syntax for an infinite loop ( a ' for ' without any conditions ) .
In each iteration , we read a block from the input channel , and write it to the output file .
When we receive the final empty block , we close the output file and return .
The reason this function is so simple is that it 's doing everything synchronously .
It blocks on the input channel , then blocks again on the write function until the data is written .
Go 's concurrency model means that it will take care of executing other goroutines while it 's waiting for data .
Next , we 'll define the main function , starting with some flag definitions :
func main ( ) { var ok os .
Error ; var if_f * string = flag .
String ( " if " , " " , " Input file " ) ; var of * string = flag .
String ( " of " , " " , " Output file ( s ) " ) ; var bs * int = flag .
Int ( " bs " , 4096 , " Block size in bytes " ) ; flag .
Parse ( ) ; outs := strings .
Split( of_arg , " , " , - 1 ) ; chans := make ( [ ] chan [ ] byte , len ( outs ) ) ;
Go 's flag library makes handling command line flags very easy .
Here , we define each flag as a pointer variable , initializing it with the appropriate function from the flag module .
The arguments to the function denote , in order , the name of the argument , the default value , and the help text .
The argument names are based on the ones used in dd , though our program will require arguments to be prefixed with -- , unlike dd .
Note that the variable for the input file is called ' if_f ' - ' if ' is a reserved word in Go .
Finally , we split the output file argument into a list of output devices , and create one channel for each output device .
Next , we need to open the input and output files :
var infile * os .
File ; if infile , ok = os .
Open( * if_f , os .O_RDONLY , 0644 ) ; ok != nil { log .
Exitf ( " Unable to open input file : %s
" , ok ) ; } for i , out := range outs { chans [ i ] = make ( chan [ ] byte ) ; if outfile , ok := os .
Open( out , os .
O_WRONLY | os.O_CREAT , 0644 ) ; ok != nil { log .
Exitf ( " Unable to poen output file %s : %s
" , out , ok ) ; } else { go write_blocks ( out , outfile , chans [ i ] ) ; } }
Note we open the output file in the parent goroutine , and pass the handle to the opened file to the goroutine that will write to it .
This simplifies error handling , allowing us to detect errors opening the output devices and abort immediately if we encounter one .
Now the real work happens :
We need to read blocks from the input file and send them to the writer channels .
This is complicated slightly by the need for error handling :
London , England ( CNN ) --
An erotic blogger whose double life as a prostitute became a hit TV series has ended years of fevered speculation by revealing her most intimate secret -- her true identity .
Brooke Magnanti , a cancer specialist at a university in western England , unmasked herself in a British newspaper as the woman behind " Belle de Jour , " the salacious online diary of a high class call girl .
" It feels so much better on this side .
Not to have to tell lies , hide things from the people I care about , " the 34 - year - old wrote on her blog after the Sunday Times published its interview with her .
Magnanti's frank and sometimes funny accounts of working as a call girl earned her a huge following , a lucrative book deal and legions of critics who variously accused her of glamorizing the sex industry , making it up -- and of being a man .
The 34 - year - old said she became a call girl in 2003 to support herself in London while completing her doctoral thesis after realizing she had no qualms about being paid for sex .
She contacted an agency , working as a prostitute until late 2004 , describing it as " so much more enjoyable " than an earlier job as a computer programmer .
Her online chronicle of her experiences attracted a huge following , prompting the publication of a bestselling book which was serialized on UK prime time television in 2007's " Secret Diary of a Call Girl , " starring actress of Billie Piper .
The success led to wild speculation among Britain 's literary community over her true identity -- with several well - known authors wrongly accused .
Meanwhile Magnanti had put her call girl career behind her and was quietly working as a cancer and developmental neurotoxicologist at the University of Bristol .
She said she finally broke her silence to answer her critics , including senior Church of England clergy , and because she feared an ex-boyfriend was poised to go public .
" I do n't want this massive secret over me any more , " she told the Sunday Times .
Last month John Sentamu , the Archbishop of York , said on his Web site that " fiction " like " Belle de Jour " created a " myth " that sex workers were " independent women , empowered by the hold they have over men . "
Magnanti said she was most upset by the accusation she wrote fiction .
" You ca n't say I 'm not real , and that my experience is n't real , because here I am , " she said , adding that while some sex workers have " terrible experiences " she was " unbelievably fortunate . "
Magnanti , who has declined to give further interviews , also told the Sunday Times that her colleagues , all female , had been " amazingly kind and supportive " when she revealed her past .
Barry Taylor , director of communication and marketing at the University of Bristol said the revelations would not affect her employment .
" This aspect of Dr Magnanti 's past is not relevant to her current role at the university , " he said .
While Magnanti's admission , and indeed her years of blogging , contained many eyebrow - raising insights , according to her final blog entry most people were more interested in distinctly unsexy details .
" Also , so much curiosity about my tax situation !
Yes , I did pay taxes on sex work earnings , " she wrote .
Once upon a time , there was a star made famous by Christian tradition .
The Star of Bethlehem , also called the Christmas Star has no concrete evidence to this date of an astronomical object .
Nowadays we have NASA and the Hubble to record great astronomy and bring us breathtaking photos from space .
Here are 23 famous Hubble discoveries and NASA heavy hitters .
Hubble Ultra Deep Field
Hubble Ultra Deep
Field peers deeper into space and farther back in time than any other before it .
It shows around a billion years after the big bang .
The universe was filled with dwarf galaxies but no formed galaxies like the Milky Way .
Stare at this until you feel small and are in wonder of the mighty universe , and then peace on Earth does n’t seem quite such an impossible feat .
SN 1006 Ribbon of Gas
More than 1,000 years ago a supernova exploded and left behind this ribbon of gas .
In about AD 1006 , astronomers from Europe , the Far East and Africa saw the light of the supernova .
It is believed to be the brightest star ever seen by humans , even brighter than Venus .
It was visible even during the day and stayed visible to the naked eye for at least two and half years .
It ’s not called SN 1006 .
If something like this was the cause of the Bethlehem star , there is no yet valid scientific proof of it .
Space NASA
The top image is of the Whirlpool , also known as spiral galaxy M51 .
Young stars live inside the curving spiral arms while older stars reside in its yellowish core .
On the bottom is the Sombrero galaxy or M104 .
The galaxy is tilted on its side and can been seen through small telescopes at the southern edge of the Virgo cluster .
It is 50,000 light - years across and is located 28 million light - years from Earth .
This massive object is equivalent to 800 billion suns .
Space NASA
The Hubble peered into the Sagittarius Star Cloud , a narrow , dust - free region , providing this image of some of the oldest inhabitants of our galaxy .
On the right , a dense swarm of stars and dust near the nucleus of spiral galaxy NGC 300 brought to us up close and personal by the Hubble even if the galaxy is 7 million light - years from Earth .
On the bottom left , two clusters form MACS J0025 which is about a whopping quadrillion times the mass of the Sun .
The Hubble was used map the ( blue ) dark matter , while the Chandra x-rayed hot ( pink ) gas .
Eagle Nebula
Perhaps the most well - known image the Hubble has taken is the Eagle Nebula .
This picture was taken on April 1995 .
The color image is constructed from three separate images taken in the light of emission from different types of atoms .
Red shows emission from singly - ionized sulfur atoms .
Green shows emission from hydrogen .
Blue shows light emitted by doubly - ionized oxygen atoms .
Eagle Nebula shows a nearby star - forming region 6,500 light - years away in the constellation Serpens .
Light Echo
This sequence of pictures was captured by the Hubble to demonstrate the echoing of light through space and reflecting off surrounding shells of dust to reveal a bull ’s - eye .
This shows the changes in the stellar dust as different parts are illuminated in an effect called ‘ light echo . ’
From the sequential images , the nebula appears to expand from 4 to 7 light - years and creates an illusion that the dust is expanding into space faster than the speed of light .
The Eyes of Space
MyCn18 is one of the many eyes in space staring back at us , a young nebula about 8,000 light - years away .
The nitrogen appears red , hydrogen looks green , and oxygen glows blue .
The Cat ’s Eye Nebula is on the upper right .
When NASA ’s Hubble Space Telescope was launched in 1990 , we mere human had no idea how many eyes would be found in outer space .
On the bottom left , this sun - like star is dying , casting off its outer layers of gas .
It ’s called NGC 2440 , a white dwarf that glows with ultraviolet light .
The “ Eskimo ” Nebula on the bottom right is supposed to resemble a face surrounded by a fur parka .
It is about 5,000 light - years from Earth in the constellation Gemini .
Nebulae
The Carina Nebula is located roughly 7,200 light - years from Earth in the constellation Carina .
Nebula appear colored and cloudy , yet another one of the spectacular and mind - boggling wonders that the Hubble has discovered .
The Cone Nebula which appears red is a gaseous pillar about 2,500 light - years away .
On the right , the shot of the star cluster Pismis was found in the direction of the Scorpious constellation .
Galactic Cannibalism
The top image was taken after the public voted where the Hubble should next aim .
These interacting galaxies are called Arp 274 and was the public winner after a vote to mark the International Year of Astronomy .
On the bottom , a pair of galaxies located 300 million light - years away in the constellation Coma Berenices were nicknamed The Mice because of their long tails of gas and stars .
Eventually , this pair will merge into one giant galaxy .
Space NASA
At top left , Hubble peeked inside the cavern of roiling gas , dust and forming stars of the Orion Nebula .
To the right , Hubble captured the Antennae , a pair of small galaxies smashing together .
On the bottom left , Hubble delights us with a galaxy that may be powered by a black hole at its core .
Spiral galaxy NGC 7742 shows a yellow core of active starbirth .
Finally , piercing the heart of a glittering swarm of stars , NASA ’s sharp - eyed Hubble Space Telescope zooms upon the central region of the globular cluster M22 .
It is a 12 - to 14 - billion - year - old grouping of stars in the constellation Sagittarius .
The cluster ’s core measures 3.3 light - years across .
Peace on Earth and good will to men .
The Environmental Protection Agency just got some love from Congress .
On the campaign trail , President Barack Obama promised to boost funding for the agency , which oversees efforts to make our water , land and air cleaner , and a bill he signed on Oct. 30 , 2009 , does just that .
The EPA will get $ 10.3 billion during fiscal year 2010 ; that 's about $ 2.7 billion more than the last budget cycle .
Included in that funding is $ 3.6 billion will help communities clean up water and wastewater systems ; $ 1.5 billion to clean up toxic waste sites ; and $ 385 million for global climate change efforts .
Obama said he would increase EPA 's budget and he did .
We rate this a Promise Kept .
1 ) \ˈflat - ˌlīn\ \ˈthiŋk - ing \ the written documentation of actions and observations by a person apparently in a state of no progress or advancement .
WASHINGTON  The White House and Senate Democratic leaders seem willing to give Senator Ben Nelson , Democrat of Nebraska , just about anything he wants to win his support of major health care legislation .
Anything , that is , but the item at the top of Mr. Nelson ’s wish - list : air - tight restrictions on insurance coverage for abortions .
The bid to win Mr. Nelson ’s support has become a race against the clock .
The Senate majority leader , Harry Reid of Nevada , has developed plans for a series of votes beginning at 1 a.m. Monday and round - the - clock Senate sessions intended to meet his deadline of completing the health care bill before Christmas .
But Mr. Reid is still at least one vote short of the 60 he needs to move the bill ahead , and as much as anyone , Mr. Nelson appears to hold the legislation ’s fate in his hands .
Other Democrats , liberals as well as centrists , have not yet committed to vote for the bill .
And the abortion provisions are just one of numerous concerns that Mr. Nelson has expressed about it .
But the biggest obstacle seems to be his demand for tighter restrictions , which are being resisted fiercely by a bloc of senators who support abortion rights .
SOUTH BEND , Ind. -- Notre Dame Fighting Irish freshman linebacker Manti Te'o said Saturday he will delay taking a Mormon mission and return next season .
Te'o , who started the last eight games for the Irish and was fourth on the team with 63 tackles , said he 's not sure when he will take his two - year mission .
" I 'm not sure if I 'm going to take it after next year or later on in life , " he said .
Te 'o 's father , Brian , earlier told the Chicago Tribune via a text message that Manti " knows why he was inspired to choose ND and is committed to spending the next 3 years there . "
The 63 tackles by Te'o are the third most ever for a Notre Dame freshman .
Linebacker Bob Golic finished with 82 in 1975 and defensive end Ross Browner had 68 in 1973 .
The 6 - foot - 2 , 244 - pound Hawaiian arrived on campus as the most highly rated defensive recruit for Notre Dame in years .
He had 10 tackles in the season finale against Stanford and also against Washington .
He said he reached his decision after talking with his parents , other family members and his bishop in South Bend .
He called it the biggest decision of his life .
" I knew the impact of my decision could have a positive influence on those who follow me and those who watch what I do .
I always want to have a positive influence on them , " he said .
" I just thought that I was sent to Notre Dame for a purpose and that is a purpose I have to devote to . "
Te 'o said Brian Kelly being named the new Notre Dame coach after Charlie Weis was fired was not a factor in his decision .
" Football was n't a factor .
It was strictly a spiritual thing for me , " he said .
The decision means Kelly will have at least one key contributor back next season from a squad that lost its last four games to finish 6 - 6 .
Quarterback Jimmy Clausen and wide receiver Golden Tate announced earlier this month they will bypass their senior seasons and enter the NFL draft .
Information from The Associated Press and ESPN.com 's Brian Bennett was used in this report .
BEIRUT , Lebanon —
When Hussein Massoud returned to the United Arab Emirates from his summer vacation in Lebanon on July 17 , he entered the immigration line at Sharja airport like he has hundreds of times before over the past 34 years .
But on his most recent trip , the Emirati immigration officers told Massoud that his work permit and residency card had been canceled , and that he had to take the next flight back to Lebanon .
Further , neither he nor his family could return .
The sense of shock that his life could change so quickly remains weeks later .
“ After 34 years they cancelled it very easily , more easily than drinking a cup of water , ” he said .
Massoud had made the U.A.E. his home .
He is one of thousands of Lebanese who grew up in the U.A.E. , where a majority of the workforce is foreign .
He owns a house , land , several cars and an aluminum fabrication business that does millions of dollars of business every year .
His kids were raised there .
Hussein Massoud shows his cancelled U.A.E. residence visa .
( Ben Gilbert / GlobalPost )
So upon returning to Lebanon he naturally sought help at the ministry of foreign affairs , thinking all the while that his situation was unique .
I n fact , he was told he was the 13th person to call with the same complaint .
Now , he among of a group of more than 200 Lebanese claiming they have been unfairly expelled from their homes , jobs and lives in the U.A.E .
They include businessmen , lawyers and doctors .
None was given an explanation , and they all have one thing in common : they are Lebanese Shiites .
Wahab Hajj Hassan , another Lebanese who was deported in July , was working as a legal advisor to the U.A.E. Ministry of Education for two years .
He says the deportation was meant to send a signal — perhaps at the behest of the U.S. or Israel , that Lebanese Shiites should n’t support the Iranian backed Lebanese militia and political party Hezbollah .
But he says he ’s baffled , because he ’s not a Hezbollah member or supporter .
He did n’t even vote for them in the last election .
“ They [ deported ] the Shia because it is the biggest sect that supported the resistance , regardless if I am [ personally ] supporting the resistance or not , ” he said , referring to Hezbollah .
Hassan says he was told his residency card and work permit had been canceled for “ security reasons ” by the U.A.E. federal government .
He tried to have friends with connections in the Emirati government help him , but to no avail .
“ They could n’t reach anything , ” he said .
“ All that I knew was that it was a decision from the minister of interior , because they have something on me .
What ’s this something , I still do n’t know so far . ”
Massoud says he suspects he was were kicked out because he refused to spy on other Lebanese the U.A.E. government suspected of supporting Hezbollah .
He says he was once asked by an Emirati intelligence officer to spy on his fellow Lebanese Shiites , in an effort to discover Hezbollah sleeper cells .
“ He said we just need from you to make small email , and we ’ll ask you some names , and you give us reports on them , ” he said .
“ And I said well , you should know , I do n’t know anybody .
I ’m not in touch with anyone . ”
Now he fears that decision may have led the security services to point to him as a threat .
But he says that ’s just a suspicion .
He does n’t really know what happened , because he was never given an explanation .
Paul Salem at the Carnegie Center in Beirut says the deportations have to do with the paranoia Gulf countries currently feel about Iranian influence on the Shiite minority populations in the largely Sunni Arab gulf .
Last week , the Yemeni government accused Iran of supplying Shiite rebels with weapons .
Saudi Arabia has issues with its Shiite minority , and Bahrain is majority Shiite country but is ruled by a Sunni royal family .
Salem says the kind of Shiite ascendancy in Iraq is what many of the Gulf countries fear .
“ There is enormous concern there about Shiite radicalization because they fear Iran , which is the giant next door , ” Paul Salem said .
But Salem points out that just as the Gulf countries fear Iran ’s growing prowess , the Islamic Republic is also the U.A.E. ’s biggest regional trading partner , and tens of thousands of Iranians live in the U.A.E .
So far , the Emirati government has not responded to charges that it specifically deported Lebanese Shiites , but commentators in the U.A.E. media , which is tightly regulated by the government , have rejected the claim .
“ The U.A.E. ’s relations with Lebanese Shia are a testament to Arab solidarity , ” wrote Sultan Sooud Al Qassem , a regular columnist in Abu Dhabi ’s National newspaper on Oct.
3 . “ After the devastating Israeli war on Lebanon in July 2006 , the U.A.E. has poured a total of $ 300 million into reconstruction , humanitarian aid and de-mining in South Lebanon .
And still we have to contend with audacious reports that the U.A.E. has been actively discriminating against some Lebanese Shia . ”
After Lebanon ’s foreign affairs ministry had no success in resolving the issue , Lebanese Speaker of Parliament Nabih Berri , the highest ranking Shia in the government , went to Abu Dhabi to meet with U.A.E. President Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan .
Ali Hamdan , an advisor to Berri , says Nahyan assured Berri the U.A.E. is not against the Lebanese , nor were the decisions regarding the work permits and residency cards based on religion .
Now , Hamdan says the issue is “ no longer a problem , ” and that the U.A.E. is reviewing the cases .
“ They will be looking at every case , ” Hamdan said .
“ This will take a little time , but we are on the right track . ”
Massoud and Hassan have yet to hear any news .
Hassan worries that if his record is n’t cleared , he wo n’t be able to be able to travel to other countries that share security information with the U.A.E. — like the U.S. or Canada .
He says he ’s also concerned about his reputation .
“ A lot of my colleagues are avoiding me , like maybe I ’m a terrorist or something , ” he said .
“ When I call them they rush the call .
So I ’m like an outcast with my U.A.E. colleagues and friends . ”
VANCOUVER , British Columbia --
The Vancouver Canucks have cleared room for the return of high - scoring forward Daniel Sedin by sending forward Matt Pettinger to their AHL affiliate on Saturday .
Sedin has missed 18 games since his foot was broken by a teammate 's shot in the fourth game of the season on Oct.
7 . Sedin has led the Canucks in goals in each of the past three seasons .
Sedin would be reunited on the Canucks ' top line with identical twin Henrik , likely Sunday night at home against the Chicago Blackhawks .
" They 're still good players when they 're not with one another .
Hank has proved that , " coach Alain Vignault said earlier this week .
" But , obviously , I believe they 're better together . "
Daniel and Henrik Sedin were drafted second and third overall in 1999 by the Canucks and have played most of their careers on the same line , evolving into point - a- game players the past three seasons .
But Daniel 's first serious injury -- he had missed only 10 games before that in his nine - year career -- has proven Henrik can produce offensively without him .
He recorded 18 points without Daniel , including 10 goals , and leads the team -- and is tied for 10th in the NHL -- in scoring with 24 points .
With 13 goals already , Henrik is also proving he is more than a set - up center , and is on pace to smash last season 's career - best 23 .
Daniel , who scored 31 goals last season , had four assists in his first four games this season , while Henrik had three goals and three assists before losing his regular linemate on Oct.
7 .
The Canucks waived Pettinger before sending him down to Manitoba in the AHL .
He has played 420 career NHL games in seven seasons .
He was signed as a free agent on Nov. 2 , getting one goal and one assist in seven games .
Yay !
I do n't fall into this flowchart !
I 'm starting to be confused , I suppose ...
I have never once used Twitter or Facebook .
And I 'm proud of that .
I read blogs like this one and I comment , I have the occasional post of my own on my own little blog , and I pop up on a handful of bulletin board forums from time to time ; I like observing and discussing things ...
But I can't be the only person in the developed world who does n't give half a shit what each and every person he 's ever met is doing every 30 seconds , or what any celebrity is doing EVER ... can I ?
Anyone ?
Anyone ?
Bueller ?
Rites of passage in adolescence are a cross-cultural phenomenon .
They have existed throughout human history and may be a significant factor in the development of a stable adult personality .
In Western culture , we are familiar with such rites as the Bar Mitzvah , Sweet 16 parties , and Quinceañera .
In tribal cultures , coming of age ceremonies are , in many cases , much more elaborate and can be truly terrifying .
10 Algonquin Indians Quebec
Boys of the Algonquin Indian Tribe of Quebec were brought to a secluded area , often caged , and then given an intoxicating medicine known as wysoccan , an extremely dangerous hallucinogen that is said to be 100 times more powerful than LSD .
The intention of the ritual was to force any memories of being a child out of the boy ’s mind .
Unfortunately some boys also suffer memory loss to the extent that they lose memory of their family , their identity , and even the ability to speak .
Some boys who showed recognition towards their childhood after returning to the village were then taken back and given a second dose and forced to attempt to cheat death a second time .
9 Vanuatu Land Divers Vanuatu
Both a harvest ritual and a rite of passage amongst the tribes of the small pacific island of Vanuatu , land diving is now a tourist phenomenon .
The men who live on Pentecost Island in Vanuatu , climb a rickety 98 - foot - tall ( 30 - meter ) tower , tie vines to their ankles and dive to the ground , falling at speeds around 45 mph ( 72 kph ) .
When a dive goes correctly , the person gets close enough to touch his shoulders or his head to the earth .
However , unlike bungee jumping , these vines are n’t elastic and a miscalculation in vine length could lead to broken legs , cracked skulls , or even death .
Boys once they have been circumcised at about age 7 or 8 begin participating , though they usually are permitted to jump from a shorter tower .
As a boy makes his first dive , his mother holds an item representing his childhood .
When he jumps , she throws the item away .
Divers also refrain from sex the day before they jump — legend says it will cause the jump to go badly .
8 Harmar Cow Jumping Ethiopia
This rite of passage for men coming of age must be done before a man is permitted to marry .
The man - to - be must “ jump the cattle ” four times to be successful and only castrated male cattle and cows may be used to jump over .
This test is performed while naked ( except for a few cords bound across the chest ) as a symbol of the childhood he is about to leave behind him .
On completion of this test , the young man joins the ranks of the maza – other men who have recently passed the same test and who spend the next few months of their lives supervising these events in villages throughout the Hamar territory .
7 Okiek Tribe Kenya
Their rite of passage ceremony is similar for girls and for boys , ages 14 to 16 , though the genders are initiated separately .
The initiates are first ceremonially circumcised or excised .
After this , they live in seclusion from adults of the opposite sex for four to 24 weeks .
They paint themselves with white clay and charcoal in order to appear as wild creatures ( cemaasiisyek ) .
Certain secret knowledge is imparted by same - sex elders .
The most important knowledge concerns the cemaasiit – a mythical beast that haunts the initiates during their time in seclusion .
At night its roar can be heard , and the initiation is complete when each youth has seen and held the instrument used for producing the roar and then produced the roar themselves .
6 Festa das Mocas Novas Tukana Tribe , Northwest Amazon
Festa das Mocas Novas is an initiation into womanhood traditionally performed by the Tukuna people of the Northwest Amazon .
It begins with the onset of menstruation , and over the next 4 to 12 weeks , the initiate remains in seclusion in a small chamber constructed within the dwelling of the family for this purpose .
During this period , the initiate is thought to be in the underworld and in ever - increasing danger from demons known as the Noo .
For the climax of the rite , guests arrive and some don masks , allowing them to become incarnations of the Noo .
For two more days the initate remains in the seclusion chamber , her body painted with black genipa dye as protection from the Noo .
On the morning of the third day , she emerges from the chamber .
Surrounded and protected by relatives , she is led out into the festivities .
The family dances with her until dawn , at which time the dancing stops .
The initiate is then given a fire brand by a shaman and instructed to throw it at the Noo .
This done , the power of the Noo is broken , and the Tukuna female is safely entered into womanhood .
5 Okrika Tribe Nigeria
The Iria is a rite performed by the females of the African Okrika tribe .
Girls from the ages of 14 to 16 enter into “ fatting rooms ” where they are fed rich local foods to make the body “ come out . ”
They are taught by the elderly women of the tribe to sing the traditional Iria songs .
It is believed among these people that young girls form romantic attachments to water spirits .
Before they are considered marriageable and allowed to receive mortal suitors , they must first free themselves from these attachments .
This is accomplished by the coming together of the girls at the river on successive dawns to sing the songs they have learned .
On the final day , the initiates return to the riverbank and the water spirits are expected to attempt to seize the girls by force .
This can be prevented by the Osokolo , a senior male member of Owuper society who strikes the girls with sticks , driving them back to the village , ensuring both their safety and future fertility .
4 Mardudjara Aborigines Australia
When a young man becomes of age , his tribal elders lead him into seclusion .
The men will lay down surrounding the boy facing away from a fire .
An assistant will sit on the boy ’s chest , while another elder will pull and twist the boy ’s foreskin and proceed to slice it off .
The men will take the boy to kneel upon a shield over a low - lit fire and made to eat ìgood meat .î
Essentially , the meat is the boy ’s own foreskin .
He must swallow without chewing it , and once he has succeeded , he as eaten his ìown boy , î and become a man .
When the circumcision heals , the young man will go through a subincision .
His penis will be sliced on the underside , sometimes to the scrotum .
The man is then made to stand over a fire to allow the blood to drip into it and purify it .
Apparently men do this to sympathize with their female counterparts .
And although they will now have to squat to urinate because of these incision , when they become married , some men will often times repeat the same blood - letting process .
3 Satere - Mawe Trive Amazon
This Amazon tribe performs an initiation ritual where young men really place their hands into mittens filled with hundreds of bullet ants .
The bite is approximately 20 times more painful than being stung by a wasp .
The tribal men will gather the ants and submerge them into a solution that temporarily knocks them out .
The ants are then woven into the mittens .
Upon waking up , the men will place their hands into the mittens and dance for 10 minutes .
The ant ’s sting prevents the body from protecting itself from pain .
The body begins to convulse , and the pain can last up to 24 hours .
The crazy thing is , many men will repeat this ritual many times to prove their manhood .
2 Matis Hunting Trials Brazil
For a man to prove himself worthy to hunt in the Matis Trial in Brazil ’s Amazon jungle , he must undergo 4 trials .
The first stage involves dumping bitter poison directly into their eyes allegedly in order to improve their vision and enhance the senses .
The next series of trials includes beating and whippings .
The trial concludes with inoculation of the Phyllomedusa bicolor , a small poisonous frog .
After burning an area of the skin , the frog toxin is injected with the use of a wooden needle .
The poison is said to increase strength and endurance , however , these enhancements must come after the unbearable lightheadedness , vehement vomiting , and violent relieving of the bowels .
Once the boys prove themselves able to withstand these trials , they are treated to performing them before every future hunt they partake in .
1 Sambia Tribe Papua New Guinea
Initiation for this tribe begins at the age of seven , when boys are removed from their maternal figure and all females , and placed in a special house in which they subsist with other males for the next ten years .
During the first stage the uninitiated boy ’s skin is pierced as a way of discarding any external contamination from women .
The boys are required to engage in heavy nose - bleeding .
They are also forced to consume sugarcane to stimulate vomiting and defecation , as a way of internally cleansing their body .
Once the boys are cleared from any contamination , they are required to ingest semen , which is considered vital to ignite masculine growth , and strength .
Throughout the initiation process , the youths are informed of the impurities that women bring and how harmful they might be to them .
In the next stage , the fifth - stage initiation , the youths are taught purification techniques .
Once married and engaged in heterosexual activity men must purify themselves of any contamination that might have been brought upon them by their wife .
To do so they engage in heavy nose - bleeding , brought up upon themselves , following each of their wives ’ menstrual periods .
Near the end of the third initiation , the boys are taken to the forest , where they are pointed towards a structure facing a tree .
They are told to remove a pubic hair and hand it to one of the men who then , places the hairs into the trunk of a pandanus tree .
The boys are told a story about a Jew ’s harp and everything it signifies .
During this lesson they are forewarned that they are not to be promiscuous during their heterosexual relationships otherwise they will be killed .
IBM ’s annual Next 5 in 5 , a list of five innovations that will take off in the next five years , is ready .
And in our humble opinion , it ’s probably pretty accurate .
The theme this year is “ cities , ” and according to IBM , our major urban centers are about to become a whole lot smarter .
More specifically , IBM predicts that cities will have healthier immune systems ( read : a “ health Internet ” that gathers information to prevent the spread of disease ) , buildings will act like living organisms with help from sensors that monitor things like temperature , occupancy , and light , cars and city buses will go electric thanks to renewable energy - powered smart grids , smart water systems will cut down on water waste and improve purification technology , and cities will use analytics to stop crime before it happens ( Minority Report , anyone ? ) .
Many of these predictions are already coming true .
Smart meters are being deployed across the country , EVs are being unveiled at a rapid rate , and IBM has begun to install water - monitoring technology in Europe .
It ’s optimistic to think that the technologies described in the 5 in 5 report will all be in their advanced stages by 2015 , but they are more realistic than some of IBM ’s predictions from 2007 – i.e.
3 - D Internet and mind - reading cell phones .
As much as we would love to “ virtually walk the aisles ” of our favorite stores , most Internet users will probably be using shopping Web sites in their current form in the next few years .
[ Next 5 in 5 ]
Wednesday , in the House Foreign Affairs Committee , Rep. Ron Paul of Texas explained to his colleagues the reasons for his opposition to the Iranian sanctions legislation and wondered why Congress would try to undermine the president when he’s in the middle of trying to reach a deal with them ( Via DailyPaul.com ) :
Religion is not reviving , it ’s being forced on us
Editorial by Terry Sanderson
In so many countries in the world , religion is losing adherents .
The figures show quite clearly that even in supposedly deeply devout nations , such as the USA and Italy , church attendance is falling while the numbers are rising of those declaring themselves to have no religion .
And yet there is a common theme in newspapers and some books that deny this .
Our suspicions of a co-ordinated misinformation campaign are growing .
A book called God Is Back : How the Global Revival of Faith Is Changing the World was widely reviewed on its publication earlier this year .
It tells us that “ faith ” has made a dramatic comeback despite previous predictions of its imminent demise .
But “ faith ” has not made a comeback .
As every poll and survey shows , “ faith ” is on its death bed .
What has made a comeback — or more accurately hit the headlines — is violent , regressive , reactionary religion .
A few strategically placed bombs , a few hijacked planes and religion is back at the top of the political agenda .
But make no mistake , religious observance remains very much a minority pursuit in most Western countries , except the USA .
It would be interesting to see just how devout Muslim countries would be if religion were not enforced with an iron fist .
And in some of them , for example in Syria and Egypt , the proportion of the population that is secular or liberal is much greater than generally supposed .
The idea that suddenly everyone is flocking back to religion , that we are fascinated by it , and that people are queuing up to study theology , are all untrue .
But yet we still have to endure the endless claims from people like Andrew Brown at the Guardian ’s Comment is Free religion blog that we have to find out about religion , respect it and discuss it endlessly .
Now , in a move that shows a quite breathtaking contempt for its readers , the New Statesman informs us that it is to establish a “ Faith ” blog of its own .
In the announcement of this new feature , Sholto Byrnes , its editor , writes :
“ Going on past correspondences , the sympathies of most New Statesman readers are with the ‘ God - free ’ .
There seems to be a widespread feeling that a magazine of the left should not only display a preference for secularism but for atheism , too : that we should take our editorial line from Richard Dawkins and agree with him that religion is , at best , as silly as believing in fairies at the bottom of the garden but is , more generally , ‘ dangerous nonsense ’ that devalues human life . ”
He then goes on to say , in effect , that it does n’t matter what the readers think – they ’re going to have religion whether or not they want it .
If they do n’t like it , they ’re branded “ intolerant ” .
Mr Byrnes then assures us : “ Just as pertinently , to refuse to engage with faith would be to close one ’s eyes to the reality of belief , both here , where in the last census nearly 80 per cent of the population agreed they had a religious affiliation , and abroad . ”
Not only is the quoted figure incorrect , but the sentiment is wrong , too .
Endlessly discussing religion feeds this erroneous idea that everyone thinks it terribly important and need to know all about the various sectarian differences that keep religions at each other ’s throats .
Many will not want to spend their time learning the minutiae about religion nor engage with its theological niceties ( or nastinesses ) .
My suspicion is that many more New Statesman subscribers than the editor thinks will be voting with their credit cards , by leaving them in their pockets .
See also : Outside of faith , a rising tide of ‘ nones ’
HANGZHOU , China  Roughly 28,000 young women crowded into the Dragon Sports Arena here for a three - day gathering in September hosted by Mary Kay Cosmetics .
The goal was to pump up the crowd , and the song - and - dance troupe , the video testimonials about transformed lives and the awarding of the signature pink Cadillac to a top earner had the desired effect .
“ I love the corporate culture of Mary Kay , ” said Zhang Xiaoying , a 19 - year - old woman from Guizhou , one of the country ’s poorest regions , as she and several colleagues dabbed on makeup during a break in the event .
“ This company teaches you to aspire to a higher level . ”
Ms. Zhang earns very little in her new job .
But the promise of future rewards is what has persuaded her and about 200,000 other women to become “ beauty consultants , ” or independent sales agents , for Mary Kay in China .
I want to take a look at a few more detailed aspects of the new expansion , focusing most intently on the new zones being added to the game .
We still do n’t know all that much about the starting areas , except that they are being modeled in the same way after the progression instance style that Blizzard used in Wrath to such great effect .
So , we ’ll skip over those for now ( I ’ll come back later , I promise – we are getting lots of good info out of the magazines right now on those very zones ) and focus on the five new leveling zones being added to the game in Cataclysm .
These five zones include a collection of very well known locations and new additions to the game that are promising to be huge and loaded with both leveling and end ‐game content for the players already at Level 80 and not planning on rerolling , so they are going to be very central to the revamp .
Here ’s a look :
Deepholm is the last of the five new leveling zones in Azeroth and will be located beneath the Skywall .
It is already being touted as one of the largest zones in the game and will feature a wide array of elementals as well as Trogg and Earthen mobs .
The zone is very underground in nature – with lots of tunnels and caves and multiple underground style enemies .
The elemental plane will also be located here with multiple levels and numerous elementals ( probably a top farming locale when we get there ) .
Deepholm will be where Deathwing breaks back through into Azeroth and will also be the home of the Temple of the Earth .
It looks like , right now , that there will be a pair of airships in the area , similar to how they were in Icecrown .
Uldum
Uldum is the location that everyone has been wondering about behind those giant closed gates at the southern end of Tanaris .
Finally being opened up , we find that the gates were blocking off an ancient Titan homeland where the “ Ultimate Weapon ” was being hidden .
This land is said to be a desert much like tanaris and will be home to a very ancient Egypt style feel .
The main question everyone has is , how did they manage to hide Uldum all this time at the tip of the continent .
The lore fix for that question is that the Titans used a cloaking device to hide it .
We ’ll see how well it plays out when we get there .
We also know right now that there will be two new dungeons here when we get started .
Mount Hyjal
Mount Hyjal has already been hinted at through the Caverns of Time instance and throughout Warcraft III , so this is another zone we are well aware of , but have not yet gotten to see completely .
So , it will be interesting to see how it plays out .
In Cataclysm , Mount Hyjal is going to be where Ragnaros returns and lays siege on the World Tree .
It is also where Malfurion Stormrage will make his first appearance , returning from the Emerald Dream to command the Cenarius armies against this big bad boss .
Zones nearby include Ashenvale , Felwood , and Winterspring , and the content will include a raid called Firelands to face off against Ragnaros .
The Sunken City of Vash ’jir
The most controversial new zone in Cataclysm has to be the Sunken City , largely because everyone is leery of how underwater fighting will work out .
If you ’ve ever dived for clams , you know how much of a pain this can be so it will be interesting to see how Blizzard handles the effect .
This particular zone will be located just south of the Maelstrom and will the former home of Lady Vash ’jir , before the Sundering occurred .
The physics are said to be relatively normal in which players on the ground and not swimming will fight like normal and will then have to handle the fight more actively when they start swimming .
There will also be special underwater mounts for this zone .
The instance content here will take place in the Abyssal Maw .
Twilight Highlands
The Twilight Highlands are another new addition to the game and will be home to Grim Batol , as well as the new location for the Twilight Cult and the location for the final fight against Deathwing .
There will be boats here for both Horde and Alliance players as well as the Red Dragonflight to go along with the heavy Black Dragonflight presence and the Twilight Dragonflight .
Grim Batol will be both a 5 man instance and a raid here .
New Dungeons
In all , there will be 8 new 5 man instances added to the game in Cataclysm along with two revamps of old 5 man instances in the form of Deadmines and Shadowfang Keep .
The raid content has not all be announced yet , beyond what you just read above , but we ’re working on digging up where they ’ll be .
Grim Batol : Level 85 .
Skywall : Level 80 ‐82 .
Abyssal Maw : Two Instances – Level 80‐83 and Level 82‐84 .
Deepholm : Level 80‐83 .
Uldum : Two Instances – Level 83‐84 and Level 85
Blackrock Caverns
Shadowfang Keep
The Deadmines
As you can see , some of the content is being added to existing dungeons with Blackrock Caverns being a new wing in the old instance and the last two being 80 man versions of the same content from early in the game .
Most current research into the causes of cancer focuses on genes and environmental triggers .
Evolutionary biologist Paul Ewald of the University of Louisville in Kentucky argues that scientists have overlooked the most important cause : parasites , especially viruses .
Blending medicine and Darwinian biology , Ewald considers cancer and other diseases from the pathogen ’s point of view , showing how natural selection determines why the smallpox virus , for instance , is a ruthless killer while viruses for the common cold are relatively benign .
He says that once we identify the viruses that trigger cancer , we can work to prevent their transmission and force them to evolve from fatal scourges into mere nuisances , eventually turning cancer into a manageable disease .
DISCOVER : What is new about the way you are thinking about disease ?
Paul Ewald : I apply Darwinian principles to medicine with the goal of solving problems .
Medicine is not very good at addressing evolution , and to me that ’s a great problem in regard to infectious disease .
Humans barely evolve quickly enough to adjust to rapidly evolving infectious agents .
D : Why do you believe that viruses lie behind many types of cancer ?
PE : To progress toward cancer , you need a few specific genes to be mutated , within a limited number of cell divisions , to cause the cells to divide uncontrollably .
But if you mutated almost any of the other 30,000 genes , the cells would die or be crippled .
So how do all those specific mutations occur so rapidly without destroying the cells ?
It turns out that each virus that ’s been studied and associated with cancer — such as hepatitis B with liver cancer or human papilloma virus with cervical cancer — evolves characteristics that allow it to target those genes immediately upon infection .
They ’re pushing cells to the brink of cancer because the cells will grow faster with the virus embedded inside and wo n’t be able to stop dividing .
These viruses do n’t really benefit if you get cancer , but they do benefit when the viral genome can replicate and persist despite a sophisticated immune system .
D : How much cancer is caused by viruses or other infectious agents ?
PE : If I were going to put my money on it , I would bet that by 2050 — hopefully earlier — we ’ll have found that more than 80 percent of all human cancer is caused by infection .
The number could be as high as 95 percent .
In 1975 it was considered to be zero .
I would bet that by 2050 we ’ll have found that more than 80 percent of all human cancer is caused by infection .
In 1975 the number was considered to be zero .
D : So are genes and environment not as important as most researchers think ?
PE : Viruses push cells to the brink ; additional mutations from genetic defects or the environment are needed for full - blown cancer .
Keep in mind that the vast majority of mutating agents provoke cells to stop functioning or to die , meaning there is no chance for those mutations to cause cancer .
Without an infection , the few mutated cells that could potentially cause cancer stop proliferating after several divisions .
But infected cells can reach such high numbers that the progression to cancer is not terminated by the many mutations that kill the cells or make them nonfunctional .
The small percentage that are cancer - causing can continue to proliferate .
You can test this idea by looking at the earliest stages of dysregulation .
You should find that the virus is always there , but you ’re not going to find the mutations that we know are associated with that cancer .
That has been done with cervical cancer .
If you look at the very early stages , the virus is always there , but the mutations are there only maybe 10 percent of the time .
D : How do we get infected with these dangerous pathogens ?
PE : Two of the most powerful examples are sexual transmission and kissing transmission , and by that I mean juicy kissing , not just a peck on the cheek .
If you think about these modes of transmission , in which it might be a decade before a person has another partner , you realize that rapidly replicating is not very valuable — the winning strategy for the microbe would be to keep a low profile , requiring persistent infections for years .
So we would expect that disproportionately , the sexually transmitted pathogens would be involved in causing cancer , or chronic diseases in general .
You can test this .
Just look at the pathogens that are accepted as causing cancer — Epstein - Barr virus , Kaposi ’s sarcoma–associated herpesvirus , human T lymphotropic virus 1 — and find out whether they ’re transmitted this way .
They almost all are .
A random sample would yield maybe 15 to 20 percent of pathogens associated with cancer being sexually transmitted , yet the figure is almost 100 percent .
When you look at viruses alone , it is 100 percent .
D : In the future , could we fight cancer by controlling the evolution of viruses and other pathogens ?
PE : If a parasite depends on host mobility for transmission , then natural selection will favor milder parasites .
An example is malaria .
If we make houses and hospitals mosquito - proof , then we make it so that the only people who can be a source for mosquitoes are the people who are healthy enough to move around outside .
So they ’re going to have milder strains , and we expect the pathogens that evolve to be mild .
In terms of cancer , I think that preventing infections in the first place will be the most effective intervention in a multipronged prevention strategy .
If we know the routes by which these pathogens are very likely transmitted , people can reduce their exposure .
We can develop vaccines — the cervical cancer ones provide a model .
We can screen blood supplies , as is now being done to prevent liver cancer caused by hepatitis B and C viruses .
And we can generate increasingly effective antiviral therapies .
And the same interventions that you would use to avoid being infected will also , according to theory and available data , reduce the likelihood that these agents , if you are infected with them , will cause cancer .
I would expect to be able to cut health - care costs by 80 percent and provide much better care because we will be preventing these diseases .
I was pretty skeptical about Kohjinsha 's dual 10.1 - incher when I first wrote about it , but it actually looks decently engineered in this video .
The second display simply slides out behind the first , like on GScreen 's Spacebook and Lenovo 's W700 .
Advertisement
It 's slightly thicker than a normal netbook , but the insides are pretty much the same : Windows 7 , 1.6GHz AMD Athlon Neo MV - 40 processor , maximum 4GB RAM , and 160 GB hard disk .
How battery life would be affected remains to be seen .
Believe
It or Not , You Can Get a Professional
Custom Logo Designed For Under $ 50 .
Save your money !
... and do n't let the price fool you , our designs come second to none .
With a team of professional in house logo designers , you can rest assured that you are getting the highest quality logo design service at a price that can't be beat !
Why spend $ 200 or more on a logo when you can get the same high quality custom logo designed for a fraction of the cost ?
Risk Free Logo Design - Put Us To The Test !
Risk Free ?
Are we crazy ?
Our competitors seem to think so .
If you 're not completely in love with your new custom logo , we will re-draw you a new logo absolutely free of charge .
Your satisfaction is guaranteed & you have nothing to lose .
Put us to the test today and see why LogoNerds.com is the # 1 choice of small businesses everywhere !
Logo Design Process
Microsoft has announced a new licensing program for its Extended File Allocation Table ( exFAT ) technology .
For certain device categories , such as cameras , camcorders , and digital photo frames , the software giant is charging a flat $ 300,000 license fee , while companies that want to use the format in devices such as phones , PCs , and networks will have to pay a volume - based license fee .
The company notes that the exFAT technology is already being adopted by partners in the industry ; Redmond has entered into exFAT licensing agreements with several leading companies including Sony , Canon , and Sanyo .
Furthermore , SanDisk , as a member of the SD Association and the Memory Stick standard , has endorsed the adoption of the exFAT file system for use in the new extra capacity storage media .
The SD Association says it chose the exFAT file system for the SDXC memory card specification because it supports large volumes , large files , and better contiguous on - disk layout .
File saving on SDXC cards can reach the full 300 MBps speed thanks to exFAT 's modern storage allocation techniques .
Microsoft markets exFAT as the modern version of its predecessor , the FAT system , as it can handle larger files on flash memory devices for use of audiovisual media ( Microsoft plans to continue to license the older FAT format alongside exFAT ) .
The latest generation of the exFAT file system allows significantly larger files to be stored on a broad range of consumer electronic devices ( support for 256TB compared to FAT 's 32GB ) , and improves the speed at which they can be accessed .
Microsoft says the file system can handle more than 4,000 RAW images , 100 HD movies , or 60 hours of HD recording in a single directory , and thus calls exFAT an " ideal file system for delivering fast and reliable use of audio and video files . "
The technology has already been available for some time in Vista SP1 and later , as well as Windows 7 , but now the software giant is licensing it broadly to the industry .
In February 2009 , news broke that Microsoft had filed a patent infringement lawsuit against TomTom , alleging that the device maker 's products , including some that are Linux - based , infringe on patents related to Microsoft 's FAT32 filesystem .
In March 2009 , Microsoft and TomTom settled their controversial patent dispute , TomTom licensed the patents from Microsoft , and stated its intent to remove from its Linux kernel the code that is covered by the patents .
“ Our celebrations will not be open and will be restricted to going to the church in the morning , ” said Naeil Victor , a 58 - year - old teacher in the southern city of Basra .
“ My children are upset because they have been waiting for this Christmas for a year now , but my wife and my father understand what is going on around them . ”
Image Mass at St. Joseph Chaldean Church on Sunday .
Christians are being asked for identification at Baghdad churches this week .
Credit ... Eros Hoagland for The New York Times
Some churches have dozens of soldiers and police officers positioned around them after the government placed security personnel on high alert because they received the names of churches that extremist groups said would be bombed on Christmas Day .
Other churches have received individual threats .
In Mosul , during the past month , three churches have been bombed , killing a baby and wounding 40 other people .
Last week , a Christian man in Mosul was shot dead as he walked down a street .
At least one church there has decided to relocate its Christmas Mass from Mosul to a small town about 30 miles north because parishioners say they feel it will be safer for them .
“ We have moved the rituals for Christmas to the town of Qereqush , fearing that the Christians might be harmed in this insecure and unsafe city , ” said the Rev. Behnam Asaad of Qahira Church .
“ We have distributed cards and fliers to the Christian families of this church informing them about the time and place where we will have the celebration , but we fear that assassinations might take place even after Christmas . ”
Mr. Asaad said that he had received letters as recently as Monday from armed groups threatening to blow up churches and monasteries , including his own , if they celebrated Christmas .
Many Christians however , said they were unconcerned about the possibility of being attacked , saying they were suffering no more than other Iraqis .
TARANG – Waves of a New Future
Tarang is NGO based in India is created by like minded people who are up to making a huge difference in the world .
This NGO was formed to educate each and every child on this planet .
Inside of this context we ’re planning to take different projects in and around Mumbai to start with .
We are working on projects like impacting results in night school , sponsoring children studies who cannot afford to go to school , inspiring children to attend school , providing them with different facilities that with aid them in completing there academic studies and make them self reliant .
NEWARK -- A 19 - year - old Verona man today was sentenced to a year and a day in federal prison for participating in a cyber attack against the Church of Scientology 's websites almost two years ago .
Dmitriy Guzner , who pleaded guilty in May to one count of unauthorized impairment of a protected computer , appeared in U.S. District Court in Newark this morning before Judge Joseph A. Greenaway .
Video from Scientology raid in New York by the group Anonymous
Greenaway said he found the crime perplexing because Guzner is an intelligent young man , “ but obviously he has lost his way . ”
“ This is not just the goofy endeavour of a teenager , ” the judge said before handing down the sentence .
“ I do n’t believe this is something that just came upon Mr. Guzner . …
I do n’t believe a young person gets involved in this act on a lark just because he ’s surfing the Internet . ”
Greenaway also sentenced Guzner to two years of probation following his prison sentence and ordered him to pay $ 37,500 in restitution to the church .
The judge decided to honor the plea agreement , despite the church ’s request for nearly $ 119,000 – the amount it cost the organization to hire an outside company to protect against the attacks .
Guzner , a Quinnipiac University student , denies being a member of Anonymous , the group that claimed responsibility for bringing down the church ’s Web sites for 24 hours .
He said he did not realize the seriousness of the planned attack at the time .
“ They were saying , ‘ Hey , let ’s pull a prank , ’ ” Guzner said , about the Internet chatter among the members of Anonymous .
Three weeks ago , a second man , Brian Thomas Mettenbrink , was indicted by a federal grand jury in Los Angeles on charges connected to the same cyber assault .
The online attack by members of a loosely formed , leaderless group called Anonymous was meant as an anti-Scientology protest .
According to the Anonymous website whyweprotest.net , the group was upset by the church ’s attempts to suppress a leaked promotional video featuring actor and Scientologist Tom Cruise , who made enthusiastic claims about the religion .
" I think they were relying on a very simple premise , that the number of people arrested and convicted of these kinds of attacks is very low , " said Jose Nazario , manager of security research at Arbor Networks , which helps companies keep their websites secure .
On Jan. 17 , 2008 , Guzner and an undisclosed number of cohorts launched a distributed denial of service attack , or DDoS for short , against the religious organization ’s Web presence , said Assistant U.S. Attorney Erez Liebermann , who handled the Guzner case .
The main website was down for about 24 hours , until the church moved its servers to an outside hosting company .
The church then hired another company to divert traffic coming from the attackers .
Nazario measured 488 attacks by individuals on Jan. 19 , the longest of which lasted almost two hours .
The cyber vigilantes kept up the attack for at least 12 days , according to a prosecutor involved in the case .
Others made prank calls to the " mother church " in Los Angeles and sent faxes of pure black paper to use up the toner in the fax machines , said Kendrick Moxon , a lawyer for the Church of Scientology .
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) -
The world needs to do more to protect boreal forests and peatlands , which store more carbon than any other ecosystem and help mitigate the effects of climate change , a Canadian report issued Thursday said .
The Alaska Highway is surrounded by boreal forest running north towards Whitehorse , Yukon in this file photo taken June 21 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Andy Clark / Files
Boreal forests , found in northern areas like Canada , Russia , Scandinavia and parts of the United States , cover 11 percent of the earth and store 22 percent of all carbon on the land surface in soil , permafrost , peatlands and wetlands .
" Action is needed to conserve a region that contains ' The carbon the world forgot ' , " said the 36 - page report from the Canadian Boreal Initiative , an environmental group ( here ) .
The report said the 208.1 billion tonnes of carbon estimated to be stored by Canada ’s boreal forest and peatland was equivalent to 26 years worth of the world ’s 2006 carbon emissions from fossil fuel burning .
It ’s not clear if the Canadian government , which walked away from the Kyoto Protocol climate pact , might use the report as a possible way to win concessions in international talks on curbing greenhouse gas emission .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said earlier this month that climate talks in Copenhagen next month should take account the role of the ability of Russia ’s forests to absorb carbon dioxide when setting climate change targets .
The Canadian report said boreal forests and peatland had a net cooling effect on the climate because they can remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and store it underground .
But these gases are released when the forests are logged or soils are disturbed , accelerating global warming , it said .
The report complained that the Kyoto climate pact focused almost exclusively on tropical forests , offered no incentives for forest conservation and excluded peatlands .
“ Because the boreal forest is the largest terrestrial carbon storehouse on earth , keeping the boreal carbon reservoir in place is essential to avoid accelerating climate change . ”
The United Nations hopes a major climate meeting in Copenhagen in December will lead to a broader framework to expand or replace Kyoto , whose first phase ends in 2012 .
“ Any effective and affordable response to climate change should include preserving the world ’s remaining , carbon - rich old - growth forests , ” said Steve Kallick , of the Pew Environment Group ’s International Boreal Conservation Campaign .
This would require drastic cuts in industrial emissions and a vast increase in the area designated off limits to the kinds of industrial disturbances likely to release more carbon into the atmosphere , the report said .
Chauffered America , Strip Mall America By Arnold Kling
“ Hold on , hold on , ” [ Ruth ] Porat said in disbelief .
“ You ’re calling me on a Sunday night saying that we just spent the entire weekend on Lehman and now we have this [ AIG ] ?
How the [ foul language ] did we spend the past forty - eight hours on the wrong thing ? ”
That is from Andrew Ross Sorkin ’s Too Big to Fail .
Reading the book leads me to ponder the differences between Chauffered America–Hollywood , investment bankers , and high government officials–and Strip Mall America–people who launch businesses like restaurants , hair salons , and other small enterprises .
In spite of Sorkin ’s low level of economic literacy ( at one point , he gives Alan Greenspan ’s claim to fame as his expertise in fiscal policy ) , his book is worth reading .
He is an outstanding storyteller –I could not put it down until I finished .
Moreover , the lack of economic insight is more than made up for by the sociological insight that one obtains from Sorkin ’s details .
He never misses a chance to describe what the financial titans were eating , how their offices were decorated , which brand of car they rode in , how they obtained last - minute air transportation , or the foul language they were using .
The book ’s crescendo is the weekend of September 14 - 15 , 2008 , when Lehman goes bankrupt .
Late on Saturday , while Lehman ’s fate is still uncertain , several CEO ’s and other executives are ensconced at the New York Fed .
Sorkin writes ,
In one corner , a number of exeuctives , trying to pass the time , were doing vicious imitations of Paulson , Geithner , and Cox .
“ Ahhhh , ummm , ahhh , ummm , ” one banker muttered , adopting Paulson ’s stammer .
“ Work harder , get smarter ! ” another shouted , mocking Geithner ’s Boy Scoutish exhortations .
A third did his best impression of Christopher Cox …” Two plus two ?
Um–could I have a calculator ? ”
In another corner , Colm Kelleher , Morgan ’s CFO , had begun playing BrickBreaker on his BlackBerry , and soon an unofficial tournament was under way , with everyone competitively comparing scores .
The obvious sociological point is that the top finance people live in a bubble , with secret entrances , isolated offices , chauffered automobiles , and private jets .
Even the top government officials inhabit this world .
Sorkin describes Geithner arriving at the airport in DC and losing it over not being met by a driver .
Forced to take a taxi , Geithner turns to his colleague and says that he has no cash .
Perhaps this would have been a moment to teach the head of the New York Fed how to use an ATM .
Sorkin managed to make me feel some sympathy for Henry Paulson , the earthy control freak .
Annoyed that SEC Chairman Cox had not undertaken a task that Paulson had wanted , we hear :
“ I do n’t want to be left here holding Herman , ” the Treasury secretary said , glancing at his zipper in case the joke was n’t clear .
Ultimately , the hard - charging Gulliver was tied down by the Lilliputians of the British banking regulators , who made it impossible for Barclay ’s to bid on Lehman prior to its bankruptcy .
In that respect , Paulson was actually left holding Herman , as it were .
In Sorkin ’s telling , Geithner and Paulson are the deal - making heavies .
Bernanke makes cameo appearances to utter professorial remarks , but otherwise seems like a non-player .
I do not see how reading this book can help but reinforce a Simon Johnson / James Kwak view of Washington captured by Wall Street .
Paulson seems to have no use for anyone who is not a Goldman Sachs alumnus .
Geithner seems to have no use for anyone who is not a CEO of a large financial institution .
Both of them view the collapse of major Wall Street firms as Armageddon .
The “ regulatory overhaul ” promised by the Obama Administration is still the same - old , same - old .
Chauffered America will be restored to its exalted status , with a few new rules and regulations thrown in .
Instead , somebody should be asking the deeper question about Chauffered America .
If Chauffered America were to disappear , would the rest of us miss it ?
Or could Strip Mall America get along just fine without the big - time bankers and their friends in government ?
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to everyone
as we ’re approaching this new year , I felt it was time to let go of some things that have been gathering dust .
Some old things , and some new things , I tried to pick out tracks that I know yall have n’t heard yet so there should be surprises around every turn .
ca n’t believe i’ve been making tracks for over 10 years now ..
That said , there ’s so much to learn still .
I hope you all enjoy this mix .
Thanks to the Gaslamp Killer for doing an incredible job on this .
Ca n’t wait for you all to hear my album ‘ Cosmogramma ’ coming out May 4th 2010 on Warp Records .
Enjoy
s
Art ( Flying Lotus ) Layout ( Ques )
IF THE world appears to have escaped relatively unscathed by social unrest in 2009 , despite suffering the worst recession since the 1930s , it might just prove the lull before the storm .
Despite a tentative global recovery , for many people around the world economic and social conditions will continue to deteriorate in 2010 .
An estimated 60 m people worldwide will lose their jobs .
Poverty rates will continue to rise , with 200 m people at risk of joining the ranks of those living on less than $ 2 a day .
But poverty alone does not spark unrest — exaggerated income inequalities , poor governance , lack of social provision and ethnic tensions are all elements of the brew that foments unrest .
by Unity
As anthropogenic global warming is currently a hot topic , thanks to the CRU e-mail hack and the Copenhagen summit , I figured it was long past time that someone ( me ) sorted out this whole business of how to correctly identify the difference between climate change sceptics and climate change deniers .
The problem is a fairly straightforward one .
On the one hand you have genuine climate change sceptics who are often unfairly labelled as deniers for voicing what are wholly legitimate scientific and economic concerns about the validity of certain aspects of the main climate change narrative .
On the other , you have a loose coteries of flat - earthers and wackaloons who use the terms ‘ sceptic ’ and ‘ scepticism ’ as cover for the fact that they have n’t got the first clue about climate science and are , not to put too fine a point on it , talking out of their collective arses .
So far as helpful resources go , the Denialism blog at Scienceblogs has a long , but very interesting and helpful , generic guide to denialism which covers the main tactics deployed by genuine deniers ; conspiracy , selectivity ( cherry - picking ) , fake experts , impossible expectations ( i.e. moving the goal posts ) and fallacies of logic .
Do take the time to read the full article as it will arm you with many of the tools you need when spotting deniers , not just in the climate change debate but more generally as the tactics set out in the article apply just as readily to creationists / ID - ers , HIV / AIDS deniers , 9/11 conspiracists , the anti-vaccination lobby and an assortment of other wackaloons .
So , bringing the subject back to climate change , what can we say about the position adopted by genuine sceptics ?
Well , for starters , sceptics accepts as a matter of fact that the earth ’s climate is currently getting warmer and that average global temperatures have been rising , pretty consistently , for at least the last 50 - 100 years .
They also accept that human activity , particularly industrial activity , is at least a significant contributory factor if not the primary cause of this trend .
Their scepticism comes in two main varieties .
1. Scientific scepticism about , specifically , catastrophic AGW theories – i.e. ‘ runaway ’ global warming .
The suggestion here is that in something as complex as the global climate there are negative feedback mechanisms that may be string enough to counteract the positive feedback mechanisms that proponents of catastrophic AGW ( i.e. the ‘ tipping point ’ theory ) believe may push the earth ’s climate over the edge and seriously screw things up for us humans .
This is complex , fascinating and legitimate area of scientific debate , but not I ’d recommend you get into unless you have a decent grasp of thermodynamics and non-linear physics because it is frightening complex .
Currently the evidence does comes down on the side of there being enough of a risk of catastrophic AGW to warrant taking action to try and limit emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases but there are still enough uncertainities to keep this debate going for a good while yet and , indeed , it may never produce a definitive answer one way or another unless something actually happens and either the planet ’s climate goes tits - up or a clear and observable negative feedback mechanism kicks in powerfully enough to avoid a catastrophy .
2. Economic scepticism .
Here the central issue is whether the or not the measures being proposed to counter AGW are either genuinely viable or likely to have such a deleterious impact on the global economy as to create as many , if not more problems , than they actually solve .
The heart of this debate tends to revolve around the relative economic merits of measures to limit emissions of greenhouse gases against the development of technological solutions , such as geoengineering .
Again , its a complex debate and , because it deals in the main with political and economic issue , a debate that often fractious and polemical in character , but it is nevertheless a legitimate debate in which there is genuine room for scepticism .
Moving on to the deniers , their signature belief is the earth ’s climate is , at most , warming within the parameters of and due to natural cycles of warming and cooling in which human activity plays little or no part , with many being firmly of the belief that the earth ’s climate is , in fact , currently cooling and that this being covered up by a global conspiracy involving politicians , scientists , industrialists , climate change activists and their lizard overlords , or some other bullshit to that effect .
The core ‘ evidence ’ they cite in support of this belief is called the ‘ hockey stick ’ controversy and stems from methodological problems that were found to exist in a particular longitudinal temperature model called MBH98 , which featured heavily in IPCC reports published around the turn of the current decade .
MBH98 is a reconstruction of temperatures in the Northern Hemisphere between 1000 AD and the late 1990 ’s based on evidence from tree rings , a new and very immature field of science called dendroclimatology .
This is the field that researchers at the Climate Research Unit and University of East Anglia have been working on and , consequently , the field to which the current controversy over the hacking of its webmail server relates .
The term ‘ hockey stick ’ was coined Jerry Mahlman of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) to describe the shape of the graph , a broadly stable and slightly declining linear trend from 1000 AD to around 1900 followed by a sharply rising trend ( the ‘ foot ’ of the hockey stick – and being an American , he ’s referring to the stick used in ice hockey ) covering the last century .
What the graph shows is the accepted figure of a 0.6 degree rise in average global temperature in the last century .
There are two main issues with MBH98 that need to be understood .
One , and this is the one that the deniers have latched on to , is that from 1960 onwards , the tree ring samples used to compile MBH98 show an apparent cooling trend .
This is called the ‘ divergence ’ problem and is the subject of much of the current research in the field of dendroclimatology , which is directed toward trying to understand and account for the full range of causes behind it .
What is , however , fully understood is that the apparent cooling effect in tree ring data from 1960 onwards is not evidence of actual cooling ; the data is entirely at odds with the real world evidence from surface , sea and atmospheric temperature records collected by meteorologists in considerable detail over this same period , but of the impact of a range of other , non-temperature related , confounding factors .
This is where the ‘ trick ’ referred to in the CRU emails comes into play .
What the research did to try and correct their model was adjust the data for the period after 1960 using the real world data from other reliable sources .
This still resulted in errors in the model , specifically it over - estimated global temperatures in the mid 1990s but , overall , this had no effect on the weight of scientific evidence for the warming trend for this century because the evidence for that trend comes from a wide range of other models and sources , all of which show the trend to be real .
While attempts have been made to try and knock over these other temperature records , particular by TV weatherman Anthony Watts and his survey of US surface weather stations , all of them have proved to be laughable failures .
In Watts ’ case , researchers took his study , used it to exclude all the weather stations he argued were inappropriately sited and , therefore , giving false readings , a recalculated the temperature trend using only the weather stations Watts approved of .
The trend line on this graph was near enough identical to that for the full range of weather stations , including the one ’s Watts claimed were compromised .
The second problem with MBH98 relates to a number of confounding factors discovered since it was published which call into question the reliability of the reconstructed trends in model for the pre-industrial period ( i.e. 1000 AD to around 1750 AD ) .
This has no impact , whatsoever , on the key evidence in the model , which is found in the ‘ blade ’ of the hockey stick ( 1900 onwards ) but it did call into question the general validity of using the dendroclimatological models of the time with the IPCC ’s reports .
As a result , the MBH98 model has been dropped from recent IPCC reports without it having any significant impact at all on their main findings .
Recent reports are more cautious in the reporting the results of proxy data from tree - ring samples , particularly in including qualifying remarks which indicate that there are uncertainties , but this has no affected its conclusions , which are buttressed by the weigh of evidence from other sources .
Finally , it should be noted that in 2008 , Michael Mann and his colleagues , who produced the original MBH98 model , published a new reconstruction based on a much larger dataset than the original model .
This also showed that temperatures in the Northern Hemisphere over that last 100 years are anomalous when compared to reconstructions of the temperature record for the last 1,300 years ( i.e. the same warming trend that appeared in MBH98 ) and , crucially , that these result are robust regardless of whether you include or exclude the tree -ring data used in the original model .
The denier ’s claim that the earth ’s climate has actually been cooling , as voice by Mad Mel Phillips on Question Time only a couple of weeks ago , is a complete and utter crock of shit .
Why ?
Because the scientific evidence say so , and does so clearly and unequivocally based on evidence drawn from a wide range of different sources , all of which verify the trends show in the original ‘ hockey stick ’ graph .
What Mann and others , including researchers at the CRU , did was arrive at the right answers but by methods which ultimately did n’t stand up fully to scrutiny , forcing them to go back are revise their work in light of the problems that had been found in the original model and the methodology behind it .
That , if you understand how science ‘ works ’ shows the broad peer review process doing exactly what it should .
So , people who raise scientific questions about negative feedback mechanisms or raise doubt about the economic viability of political and economic measures designed to reduce emission in the absence of investment and research into the potential technological solutions are sceptics and deserve to be taken seriously .
People who claim that the ‘ hockey stick ’ graph is a fake and that the earth ’s climate is actually cooling , not warming , are deniers and deserve to be laughed at and ridiculed for the wackloons they are .
Due to the large number of inappropriate responses to this post , we have suspended commenting on this blog .
Thank you all for your concern for Lola .
Some have suggested that we do more than just pray for Lola .
We absolutely agree .
In fact , the reason we are there is to combine our prayers with practical hands - on help .
Sometimes we 're able to do so in a dramatic way ( for an example , see this blog describing how one of our teams helped one of the bar girls escape ) .
That is why we partner with the Tamar Center , a ministry that in fact helps girls get out of the sex trade and back to a safe and normal life .
In so doing , our teams not only ensure practical followup , but grow in their capacity to actually make a difference themselves .
If you would like to know more about the long - term care opportunities that girls like Lola have , please read about the Tamar Center .
We are committed to the proposition that people like Lola deserve intervention and justice .
Sometimes we may feel ineffectual , but we partner with those whose track record of care is solid .
They know the bar girls like Lola personally and will continue to meet with them and advocate for them .
They do this at personal risk and sacrifice .
They deserve our encouragement and support .
We will continue to post updates on this story here .
Admin Staff
Adventures In Missions
There are a set of parents in the Ukraine right now wondering where there beautiful daughter is .
Wondering if she is alive or dead .
They probably lose sleep at night , and pray to God that their baby girl is ok ... here are a set of parents in the Ukraine right now wondering where there beautiful daughter is .
Wondering if she is alive or dead .
They probably lose sleep at night , and pray to God that their baby girl is ok ...
I KNOW where she is .
Her name is Lola .
She is only nineteen years old .
I have talked to her .
She has been trafficked to Pattaya , Thailand .
She is not ok !
She works for this cabaret pictured below :
She has only been here for three months , and she thinks she gets to leave in
three more months when she has made enough money to pay off her debt and
go home .
She rooms with girls from Russia , Moldova , and Ukraine .
When we
asked her if she ever gets to leave that building and go anywhere in town , she
laughed and said , " Outside ? No ! "
When I turned to walk away I could n't breath .
All I could do was cry on a
teammates shoulder .
I did n't want to take another step without Lola with me .
I
wanted to tell her to runaway and come with us .
The only thing I could physically do for Lola that night was write her a note
and PRAY
God spoke to her through it .
This is basically what it said :
Lola -
I hope you get to go home to your family in three months !
I will never forget you .
If you Ever have a
day that seems to hard remember I am praying for you , and that there is a God who loves you as
his beautiful daughter .
If you ever need him , he will hear your Voice .
Your sister from America -
Jordan
After this five of us went to the Tamar Center ( our ministry contact ) to have an all night prayer session in their four - story building in the middle of all these bars and clubs .
The following is what I wrote in my journal last night :
December 22 , 2009
" I feel like I just began a fight in a ring , and tonight ( Lola ) was Satan 's first punch .
He got a good hit
in to my face !
But He 's going to wish he knocked me out ! "
" This problem is too big , impossible to kill .... FALSE !
This problem is too big FOR ME , but not for my God ! "
" There is no way to rescue these girls physically ... FALSE !
My God gave me a hart for them THEREFORE ,
he has a plan to get them out .
I just have to pursue him for the revealing of that plan . "
" I can't pick and choose which parts / people I want to love like Christ does .
I cant want the trafficked
freed ( physically , spiritually ) and not the men who ' own ' them .... I either want All of them or None of
Astronomers at the University of Manchester 's Jodrell Bank have discovered one of the hottest stars in the galaxy concealed within a cloud of dust and ice in the middle of the Bug nebula .
Planetary nebulae form when a dying star ejects much of its gas back into space .
Dan O’Bannon , whose screenplays for “ Alien , ” “ Total Recall , ” “ The Return of the Living Dead ” and other films made him a cult hero among science fiction aficionados , died on Thursday in Santa Monica , Calif .
He was 63 .
The Writers Guild of America confirmed his death .
The cause was Crohn ’s disease , a chronic gastrointestinal disorder that Mr. O’Bannon endured for 30 years , his wife , Diane , told The Los Angeles Times .
Mr. O’Bannon had an early start as a screenwriter when he and the director John Carpenter , students at the time at the University of Southern California film school , wrote the low - budget film “ Dark Star , ” which was released as a feature in 1974 .
After working as a computer animator for the director George Lucas on “ Star Wars ” and trying , unsuccessfully , to develop a film based on the Frank Herbert novel “ Dune , ” Mr. O’Bannon created the story of “ Alien ” with the screenwriter Ronald Shusett and wrote the screenplay on his own .
Gay rights activists on Monday will launch a campaign to persuade Oregonians they should reverse their vote of five years ago and support same - sex marriage .
, the state 's largest gay rights group , aims to put on the Oregon ballot as early as 2012 an initiative asking voters to lift the constitutional ban on gay and lesbian marriage that passed in 2004 .
The goal is " to allow same - sex couples to legally marry in this state , " said Jeana Frazzini , executive director of Basic Rights Oregon " There is no substitute for the respect and dignity that comes with marriage . "
But Basic
Rights can expect fierce resistance from the
, the church - backed group that successfully ran the Measure 36 campaign in 2004 to ban same - sex marriage in the state constitution , said Tim Nashif , the council 's political director .
" We 're going to fight it , and we 'll fight it just as hard now as we did in 2004 , " he said .
" I do n't think Oregonians are going to overturn Measure 36 , " which defines marriage as a bond between only a man and a woman .
Oregon gay activists have been buoyed by victories in the Legislature and the legalization of same - sex marriage in six states – Massachusetts , Iowa , Maine , Vermont , Connecticut and New Hampshire .
The 2007 Legislature passed laws to protect gay Oregonians from discrimination in housing , work and public places and to establish domestic partnerships that give same - sex couples most of the state protections and responsibilities of marriage .
Oregon has registered 3,196 of the state 's 12,700 gay and lesbian couples for domestic partnerships .
Elections in two states Tuesday will reveal more about the nation 's political support for same - sex unions .
Voters will decide whether to support Maine 's law legalizing same - sex marriage and whether to uphold Washington 's domestic partnership law .
Basic Rights will kick off the first phase of a public education campaign with rallies Monday night in Portland , Tuesday night in Bend and Wednesday evening in Eugene .
The group will encourage gay and lesbian couples to reach out to their neighbors in a conversation on " why marriage matters and how it impacts their daily lives to be excluded from the freedom to marry , " said Frazzini .
The group expects to send representatives to speak to churches and civic groups , she said , and it has hired two organizers who will travel the state and make 1,000 short , two - minute videos featuring gay and lesbian Oregonians talking about why marriage is important to them .
The videos will be posted on various web sites and e-mailed to residents .
Evan Wolfson , founder and executive director of
, a New York City - based organization fighting for same - sex marriage , will speak at all of the Basic Rights kick - off events .
Marriage " is one of the most important statements we make about who we are , " he said .
" It is so important to commitment and love that most people wear the symbol of it on their hands . "
People 's attitudes about gay marriage change when they know gay couples , he said .
President Bill Clinton offers a good example , Wolfson said .
Clinton signed the 1996 federal Defense Of Marriage Act , which recognizes marriage only between a man and a woman , even if states support same - sex marriage .
Now Clinton supports the act's repeal and states ' rights to legalize same - sex marriage .
" I was wrong , " Clinton said .
" I just had too many gay friends .
I saw their relationships . "
Gay and lesbian couples say that marriage would give them a level of social status and practical benefits that still elude them under the state 's domestic partnership law .
Patrick Halloran , 56 , Portland , said he saw how a domestic partnership falls short of marriage in April when a nurse unlawfully drove him from the bedside of his partner , Christopher " Topher " Rodriguez .
His partner was on a respirator in intensive care at Oregon Health & Science University hospital , gravely ill from complications related to AIDS .
With quick legal help , Halloran soon won access to his partner and an apology from the nurse , who did n't realize that a domestic partnership gave Patrick the same hospital rights as a spouse .
Rodriguez died 13 days later .
" He could very well have died ( during ) the time I was out of the room , " Halloran said .
He said he probably would n't ' have been ordered out of the room if he and his partner were married .
People understand marriage , he said , but they 're less clear about domestic partnerships .
Becky Blumer , 36 , who works for a Portland volunteer group , said that even her mother does n't seem to understand what a domestic partnership means .
She and her partner , Kate Molony , 32 , a high school English teacher , have been together six years .
" We 're not roommates or just hanging out , " Blumer said .
" She is my longtime partner .
Marriage legitimizes a relationship in a way that a piece of paper or going to an attorney does n't . "
Basic Rights has every right to try to overturn the ban on same - sex marriage , but the Oregon Family Council will fight any attempt to redefine marriage as any union but that between a man and a woman , Nashif said .
" To redefine marriage is a radical perspective , " he said , and one that most people oppose .
But Wolfson of Freedom to Marry said he sees growing political momentum in support of same - sex marriage , especially among young voters :
" Oregon values include respect for everyone and treating others as you would want to be treated .
Those values are in favor of ending marriage discrimination . "
--
Find loans
Where banks are lending Find banks in your city that have recently made small business loans .
More Ingrid Brown co-owns several retail stores in Auburn , Ala. , with her husband Frank .
They 've had little luck landing the loans they need to grow .
This is the stack of paperwork the Browns filled out for their ARC loan .
They got $ 14,000 , less than half of what they applied for .
Photos SOS : Send loans now View photos
With bank lending to small businesses nearly frozen , these 8 entrepreneurs are among the thousands fighting for the credit lines and loans they need to keep their companies alive .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Eight months after President Obama began prodding the nation 's banks to increase their small business lending , the loan numbers continue to move in the opposite direction .
The 22 banks that got the most help from the Treasury 's bailout programs cut their small business loan balances by a collective $ 10.5 billion over the past six months , according to a government report released Monday .
Three of the 22 banks make no small business loans at all .
Of the remaining 19 banks , 15 have reduced their small business loan balance since April , when the Treasury department began requiring the biggest banks receiving Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) funding to report monthly on their small business lending .
Over the six months that the reporting requirement has been in effect , the banks have cut their collective small business lending by 4 % .
Their cumulative balance stood at $ 258.7 billion as of Sept. 30 , according to a Treasury Department report .
The bank with the biggest lending drop was Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) , which cut its loan balances by $ 3 billion .
However , Wells Fargo also remains by far the biggest small business lender , with $ 73.8 billion lent out to small companies .
No other bank comes close to that tally .
Some banks are unapologetic about their cutbacks .
Small business defaults are soaring , and banks are under pressure to shore up their balance sheets and reduce their exposure to risky loans .
Two key small business lenders , CIT Group and Advanta , filed for bankruptcy this month .
But other banks downplay their dwindling loan numbers .
JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) made headlines last week by announcing that it would increase its small business lending by $ 4 billion this year .
But there 's no sign of an increase so far in the reports the bank has been filing to the Treasury .
JPMorgan 's small business lending total has declined every month since April , falling 2.5 % over the period .
As of Sept. 30 , the balance stood at $ 25.4 billion , down $ 664 million from six months ago .
JPMorgan spokesman Tom Kelly said the bank will ramp up its lending as the economy improves .
The bank is already starting to see healthier , better - qualified applicants , he said : " Some of the businesses are better than they were six months ago . "
He also pointed to JPMorgan 's recent move to hire additional small business specialists .
" We are going to have 325 more bankers talking to customers , so that means there is going to be more applicants for loans , " Kelly said .
" We have 325 more people knocking on doors . "
Credit crunch : Obama administration officials , including Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner and Small Business Administration head Karen Mills , will host a forum Wednesday in Washington to discuss the lending challenges small businesses face .
Bankers , members of Congress , and a selection of small business owners will participate .
While credit conditions have improved in some parts of the financial system , lending remains very tight for businesses that rely on banks for their financing , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke acknowledged on Monday .
" Many small businesses have seen their bank credit lines reduced or eliminated , or they have been able to obtain credit only on significantly more restrictive terms , " Bernanke said in a speech at the Economic Club of New York .
" The fraction of small businesses reporting difficulty in obtaining credit is near a record high , and many of these businesses expect credit conditions to tighten further . "
Those in the field back that view .
Susan Carlson is president of The International Center for Assistance , a nonprofit organization in Richmond , Va. , that assists small businesses seeking capital .
Lenders remain very skittish , she said .
" They will look at me and say , ' Susan , we would love to help you , but right now we can't take the risk , ' " she said .
Jobs on the line : Frank and Ingrid Brown are a prime example of what happens when entrepreneurs can't get financing .
The couple would like to expand their businesses in Auburn , Ala. , which currently employ 20 people , but can't land the loan they 'd need to do it .
The Browns own two retail art and gift shops , The Villager and AuburnArt.com , as well as a collection of online stores .
First they applied at the bank for a loan targeting businesses in underutilized urban areas , but were denied because their sales exceeded the cap for the loan .
So they applied with the bank for a Small Business Administration - backed 7 ( a ) loan , but were again rejected .
Next the Browns turned to the America 's Recovery Capital ( ARC ) loan program , a stimulus measure launched this year to get government - backed bridge loans to struggling but viable businesses .
After filling out mountains of paperwork , the couple got a bank loan for $ 14,000 -- less than half the $ 35,000 they applied for .
" We could n't get any answers for why we did n't get the full amount , but that is what they came up with .
It was kind of like ' take it or leave it , ' " Frank said .
" By the time you get through everything , it is not even worth it . "
The Browns also applied at their local bank , BBVA Compass in Birmingham , for a $ 50,000 credit line .
They were approved for $ 10,000 .
The frustration is taking its toll .
" People like us go out and hire people , " Frank said .
But without the capital it needs to grow , The Villager is n't bringing on new staffers .
That 's the nightmare scenario for policymakers as they try to fan the flames of the nation 's fragile economic recovery .
As long as bank vaults stay slammed shut , fewer startups will launch , successful businesses will have trouble expanding , and struggling businesses are more likely to fail .
" Difficulties in obtaining credit could hinder the expansion of small and medium - sized businesses and prevent the formation of new businesses , " Bernanke said on Monday .
" Because smaller businesses account for a significant portion of net employment gains during recoveries , limited credit could hinder job growth . "
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Two weeks after Rio de Janeiro celebrated winning the 2016 Olympic Games , the Brazilian city was tonight bracing itself for a further night of violence after an intense gun battle erupted in one of the city 's favelas and a police helicopter was shot down , killing two officers .
The violence , intense even by Rio's standards , began in the Morro dos Macacos , a hillside area in northern Rio .
The shanty town , controlled by the Amigos dos Amigos ( Friends of Friends ) drug faction , one of three heavily - armed cocaine gangs that control many of Rio's 1,000 - odd slums , was reportedly invaded in the early hours of Saturday morning by members of a rival gang , the Red Command .
Police say traffickers from the Red Command were attempting to seize control of the local cocaine trade .
Deafening volleys of automatic gunfire were captured on amateur video , filmed from apartment blocks surrounding the slum .
One local newspaper declared it a " War in Rio " on its website .
" We were terrified , " Cristina Soares , a 17 - year - old resident , told the Rio tabloid newspaper Extra as she fled the area yesterday .
" The children were so scared they wanted to leave the house in the middle of all the shooting .
Later on things are going to get even worse . "
Mario Vilson , another resident of the Morro dos Macacos , told the news website Terra that he had been woken up by the sound of shooting .
" This war has been going on for 20 years and will never end , " he said .
" It 's very sad .
I just do n't know when we will have peace . "
Hundreds of police officers descended on the area following the invasion .
By Saturday night the death toll , including the two dead police officers , stood at 12 according to Rio 's security secretary José Mariano Beltrame .
Five other officers had been shot and two slum residents injured , police said .
Favela residents were gathering their belongings and fleeing their homes while at least 10 buses were set on fire across town , causing close to £ 1 m in damage according to one company .
" I saw two bodies lying in the street , surrounded by people , " said Douglas Engle , a photographer who was at the Morro dos Macacos .
" Then a third body was brought down from the slum by police , wrapped in a hammock .
People were standing around crying . "
In the most high - profile incident , the pilot of a military police helicopter was shot in the leg as he flew over the favela and the helicopter exploded in flames as it crash - landed on a nearby football pitch .
Two of those on board were killed .
It was the first time a police helicopter had been shot down in Rio .
Rio's mayor , Eduardo Paes , said it was " inadmissible that Rio be confronted by delinquents in this way " and threw his weight behind police attempts to control the violence .
The head of the military police , Mario Sérgio Duarte , said the drug traffickers would " be the victims of their own choices " .
" We have lost two professionals who dedicated themselves to the defence of the population .
But we will not be motivated by revenge , " he added .
Oderlei Santos , spokesman for Rio's military police , said : " Our operations will only cease when these criminals are captured , arrested or are killed in combat . "
Authorities cancelled all police leave and members of Rio's civil police gathered at the police HQ in central Rio this afternoon .
They were expected to occupy a number of favelas around the city .
Tonight , military police were seen entering at least one slum controlled by the Red Command in Rio 's southern beach district .
The latest round of violence underlines the challenges local authorities face as they attempt to improve security before the city hosts the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 Olympics .
Rio's government has spent the past year expelling drug gangs and vigilantes from four slums and setting up " pacification " projects by which the slums are permanently occupied by police .
But the majority of the city 's favelas are still controlled by members of three drug factions , which possess an increasingly sophisticated arsenal , including anti-aircraft guns and automatic rifles , often sourced from inventory intended for the Bolivian and Argentinian armies and smuggled into Rio .
Faced with an increasingly well - armed enemy , Rio's police are also investing heavily in military equipment .
They now have a bulletproof helicopter , while local journalists wear bulletproof vests when working in the slums .
Each year , Rio's police kill around 1,000 people " resisting arrest " .
Nearly 90 officers have been killed this year .
Santos promised that things would improve before the Olympics .
" We have a lot of time before the World Cup and the Olympics , and before then we will certainly arrest a lot of criminals , " he said .
Bassnectar has released the Ready2 Rage remix on his blog , with the following :
Take a ride on the tempo slide , into a kiddie - pool of utterly hard - core tearout basslines .
Bassnectar & Jantsen have given the grinding swampmonster treatment to Product 01 ’s dancefloor bombdrop : “ Ready 2 Rage . ”
It starts of with super stretchy freakshow dubstep , and dips down into that pelvic 90 bpm range with nintendo blips and squishy synths , then soars back up to a double time 70 bpm , we call it 140 .
Or you can throw away your calculators and just let your face melt …. mmmmm … face melts are fun .
Get your face melted now in high quality .
Of course , this track is available for streaming on ElectroJams.com :
Bassnectar – Ready2 Rage Remix
I started this website in 2009 as a means of sharing my EDM findings with my friends .
Since then , the website has experienced an explosion in growth that I never once imagined .
This excitement and growth inspires me to make ElectroJams the # 1 source for new electronic music .
Supporters make the point that Gary McKinnon has Asperger 's syndrome The " devastated " lawyers for computer hacker Gary McKinnon are to challenge the home secretary 's decision not to block his extradition to the US .
They said they would make a last - ditch attempt after Alan Johnson said medical grounds could not prevent it .
Glasgow - born Mr McKinnon , 43 , who has Asperger 's syndrome , is accused of breaking into US military computers .
He says he was seeking UFO evidence .
Now of Wood Green , London , he faces up to 60 years in prison if convicted .
' American poodle '
His lawyer , Karen Todner , said : " It 's a devastating blow but we are not going to give up .
We are certainly coming to the end of the road .
" We 're just hoping at some point someone sees sense and steps in .
All the legal team do know is we cannot give up because in some ways it 's like dealing with a death row case , and we genuinely believe that Gary 's life is at stake here . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
She said she would issue judicial review proceedings next week - a process she said she was given just seven days to complete , rather than the more normal three months .
If that failed , they would take the case to the European Court of Human Rights , she added .
Mr Johnson said he had carefully considered the representations but concluded that sending Mr McKinnon to the US would not breach his human rights .
" Due to legitimate concerns over Mr McKinnon 's health , we have sought and received assurances from the United States authorities that his needs will be met , " he said .
But Ms Todner said he had gone against independent legal advice which said he could have used his discretion .
Mr McKinnon admits hacking into 97 US government computers , including Nasa 's and the Pentagon's , during 2001 and 2002 .
The shoddy treatment of this vulnerable man should demonstrate that our rotten extradition laws need urgent reform
Shami Chakrabarti
Liberty
He has told the BBC he was on a " moral crusade " to prove US intelligence had found an alien craft run on clean fuel .
His mother , Janis Sharp , told the BBC she was " devastated " by the news and that her son , who has a form of autism , had reacted " very badly " .
" It 's a disgusting decision .
Gary has been in a heightened state of terror for almost eight years .
" To force a peaceful , vulnerable , misguided UFO fanatic like Gary thousands of miles away from his much - needed support network is barbaric , " she said .
She said she was not comforted by the home secretary 's advice that her son would not be held in a " supermax " jail , which hold the highest - security prisoners .
Extradition treaty Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said it was appalling the government placed a higher value on a " deeply unfair " extradition agreement than on the welfare of a British citizen .
" The home secretary should stop being an American poodle and start being a British bulldog , " he said .
And Shami Chakrabarti , director of Liberty , said : " The shoddy treatment of this vulnerable man should demonstrate that our rotten extradition laws need urgent reform . "
Mr Johnson had last month agreed to study new medical evidence before deciding on the extradition .
The High Court had previously refused permission to appeal to the Supreme Court .
Mr McKinnon has been the focus of a campaign to prevent his removal to the US .
Earlier this month , the Commons ' Home Affairs Committee said the move should be halted owing to his " precarious state of mental health " .
They concluded there was a " serious lack of equality " in the way the extradition treaty deals with UK citizens compared with US citizens .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
news Downtown Digital Design Firm ’s Offices Invaded by Police Over a Lego Gun
The actual model of Lego gun purchased by Jeremy Bell .
Image courtesy of BrickGun .
Jeremy
Bell bought a Lego replica of a semi-automatic pistol and assembled it , yesterday , in the back office of teehan+lax , a downtown user - experience design firm , where he ’s a partner .
An hour later , he was up against the stairwell wall , being frisked by police on suspicion of weapons possession .
Admittedly , the gun , purchased from BrickGun , an online retailer that specializes in Lego replicas of firearms , looked pretty realistic .
Bell thinks someone living in one of the apartments with windows facing teehan +lax ’s building , at 460 Richmond Street West , might have called in the tip after seeing him wave around the suspicious chunk of plastic from a distance .
“ I understand why , ” he said .
“ It looks legit .
You see a guy in an office with the door closed , putting something together , it looks like a gun .
I get it . ”
Constable Tony Vella of the Toronto Police Service later confirmed to CTV that this was precisely the case .
“ We have to take all the gun calls seriously because we do n’t know what we ’re getting involved in , ” he told them .
The way Bell told the story , both to us over the phone and on his blog , he ’d just received the Lego gun kit in the mail on Wednesday and had brought it to work .
It sat in its box until the end of the day , at which point he opened it up .
“ I decided to put it together , ” he wrote on his blog earlier today .
“ I literally assembled it , handed it to a co-worker ( who promptly broke it ) , and then put it back in the box . ”
Jeremy Bell , the “ culprit . ”
Then , he went to go unwind with some colleagues over a game of Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 .
“ So we ’re sitting there just playing some games , ” he said , “ and probably like an hour or two later , around seven o’clock or so , I could hear screaming in the elevator . ”
He took off his headphones and went to investigate .
“ I ’m thinking it ’s some kind of domestic dispute outside , until I heard my own name .
And then it ’s like : oh shit , that ’s not good . ”
Bell describes what happened next on his blog :
“ I sheepishly opened the door to see what was going on , only to discover a SWAT member crouched in the stairwell yelling at me and another directing a small mirror into the hall .
The guy in the door had a weapon with a flashlight pointed at me , so I could n’t really see what was going on , but I was instructed to put my hands on my head and turn around .
With my hands up , I had to lift my shirt and slowly spin around .
Once they confirmed I was n’t packing any Lego heat , I walked backwards towards them , was then cuffed , pulled into the stairwell and thrown against the wall . ”
Another witness , who claims to work for a different company with offices in the building ( but supplies no further information about himself ) , describes the scene outside the building on his personal blog : “ Five cop cars in total .
Two ambulances .
And a dozen cops all taking positions of cover in downtown Toronto .
A drug deal ?
An explosive ?
Hmmm . ”
Jeffrey Remedios , president and co-founder of the indie record label Arts & Crafts , also located in the building , tweeted the following to Bell earlier today : “ @jeremybell – hey lego gun : we ’re in the office above you .
SWAT tried to take down my co-worker last night as he left the building ! ”
If this all seems a little senseless , rest assured that Bell agrees .
“ I ’m a sucker for Lego and when I saw that thing I was like , ‘ That thing ’s pretty cool , ' ” he said .
“ That , unfortunately , is how shallow it was . ”
Thanks to reader Ren Bostelaar for the tip .
Photo of Jeremy Bell courtesy of his own online bio .
Japan has been hopping in and out of deflation for decades .
Japan is back in deflation once again .
The Wall Street Journal is reporting Deflation 's Return Weighs on Japan
The Bank of Japan faces mounting pressure to loosen its policy as deflation tightens its grip on the nation 's economy , even as some other central banks begin to roll back stimulus steps amid signs of economic recovery .
The Japanese central bank on Friday kept rates unchanged and upgraded its assessment of the economy , citing rising exports and industrial output .
The bank , which has stuck with super - easy monetary policy for more than a decade , has hoped to follow other central banks in looking at ways to tighten policy .
Instead , Japan 's government and economists are urging it to adopt new easing steps , such as purchasing long - term government bonds .
The calls grew louder Friday after the government declared that the nation 's economy was in deflation -- a decline in the general level of prices for goods and services -- for the first time since 2006 .
That year , policy makers concluded the nation had finally shaken off the deflation that had hindered its economy since the late 1990s .
The heightened pressure for easing also follows a spate of recent data showing accelerating price declines in broad parts of the economy .
" Deflation is getting very severe , " said financial services minister Shizuka Kamei .
" We are closely watching what the BOJ can do in this environment . "
During the third quarter , the domestic demand deflator -- a measure of changes in prices of goods and services except for exports and imports -- fell 2.6 % , its fastest pace since 1958 .
" It 's very important for the BOJ to show the market it has the will to conquer deflation , both through action and through words , " Mr. Shirakawa , of Credit Suisse , said .
" Otherwise , expectations for deflation will only get worse . "
Pure Insanity
Costco drops
Coke products in showdown over prices
Costco customers may have to look elsewhere for Coca - Cola products now that the retailer has stopped carrying them because the pair are fighting over prices .
The public squabble between one of the nation 's largest wholesale club operators and the world 's largest soft drink maker is likely to fizzle quickly .
But it reveals real tensions as retailers and product makers square off on prices .
As shoppers continue to grapple with the recession , retailers want to win their favor by giving them low prices .
But that has been creating tension between product makers like Coca - Cola ( KO ) , who are working hard to maintain profit margins while meeting retailer demands .
" Beneath this surface of harmony , it 's a dogfight out there , " Gerry Khermouch , editor of Beverage Business Insights , said Tuesday at an investor meeting held by the soft drink maker at its hometown of Atlanta .
" Costco is committed to carrying name brand merchandise at the best possible prices .
At this time , Coca - Cola has not provided Costco with competitive pricing so that we may pass along the value our members deserve , " said a message on the company 's website labeled " Price Alert ! "
Core deflation in the US continues to gather pace
Core inflation for factory goods in the US fell to minus 0.6 pc in October from a year earlier , edging the country closer towards Japanese - style deflation despite massive monetary stimulus .
Janet Yellen , the head of the San Francisco Fed , said emergency measures had prevented the US economy from sliding into a “ black hole of deflation ” , insisting that it is still far too early to talk of tightening policy .
A combination of “ enormous slack in the economy ” and fading fiscal support raised the risk that prices could fall below the Fed ’s safe level .
“ It seems probable that core inflation will move even lower over the next few years , ” she said .
While the Fed appears split over its exit strategy , even arch - hawk Richard Fisher of the Dallas Fed said the sheer scale of excess plant will curb prices and wages for a long time .
Capacity use in manufacturing is near a post - war low of 67.6 pc .
Mr. Fisher said the “ peak impact ” of the Obama fiscal blitz has already come and gone .
The M3 money supply has been shrinking at a 7 pc annualised rate since June .
Paul Ashworth from Capital Economics said it is not yet clear whether this is the harbinger of a crunch next year , or a blip caused by portfolio shifts .
“ We think deflation is still a bigger risk than runaway inflation , ” he said .
Black Hole Madness
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - More than 49 million Americans -- one in seven -- struggled to get enough to eat in 2008 , the highest total in 14 years of a federal survey on “ food insecurity , ” the U.S. government said Monday .
A woman holds cans and a shopping card as she shops for groceries at the Community Kitchen food pantry in the Harlem section of New York City December 10 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
While Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said programs such as food stamps softened the impact of an economic recession , anti-hunger groups pointed to the huge increase from the preceding year when 36.2 million people had trouble getting enough food and a third of them occasionally went hungry .
“ The survey suggested that things could be much worse but for the fact that we have extensive food assistance programs , ” Vilsack told reporters .
“ This is a great opportunity to put a spotlight on this problem . ”
About 14.6 percent of U.S. households , equal to 49.1 million people , “ had difficulty obtaining food for all their members due to a lack of resources ” during 2008 , up 3.5 percentage points from 2007 when 11.1 percent of households were classified as food insecure .
About 5.7 percent of households , or 17.3 million people , had “ very low food security , ” meaning some members of the household had to eat less .
Typically , food runs short in those households for a few days in seven or eight months of the year , USDA said .
President Barack Obama called the USDA report “ unsettling ” and vowed to reverse the trend of rising hunger .
“ Our children ’s ability to grow , learn , and meet their full potential -- and therefore our future competitiveness as a nation -- depends on regular access to healthy meals , ” Obama said in a statement .
USDA ’s annual report was based on a survey conducted in December 2008 , soon after financial markets slumped and when the jobless rate was marching toward its current 10.2 percent .
“ The numbers are even worse than people otherwise believed , ” said Jim Weill of the Food Research and Action Center , an anti-hunger group .
“ We all know we have the worst downturn since the Depression . ”
David Beckmann of the anti-hunger group Bread for the World
called for stronger federal anti-hunger programs .
“ The recession has made the problem of hunger worse , and it has also made it more visible , ” he said .
Vilsack said the report represented “ an opportunity here for the country to make a major commitment to end childhood hunger by 2015 , ” an administration goal .
He called on Congress to make it easier for poor children to get free school meals and to improve the nutritional quality of those meals .
Child nutrition programs , which cost about $ 24 billion a year , are overdue for renewal but Congress is not expected to act before 2010 .
The administration backs a $ 1 billion increase but has not found offsetting cuts at USDA to pay for it .
The number of Americans receiving food stamp assistance soared above 36 million for the first time in August , the eighth month in a row that enrollment set a record , the USDA said earlier this month .
As part of the stimulus package , food stamp benefits were raised temporarily through September 2010 .
Vilsack said it was too early to judge if the increase should become permanent .
Our pullup station at Cross Fit Impulse is unique .
Actually , it ’s one - of - a- kind .
David and I developed the rough plan for it during our trip to Dallas for our Cross Fit level 1 certification .
With a sheet of engineer paper and a floorplan of our box ( drawn to scale ) we bounced ideas , calculated requirements , and I noted our results from the passenger seat .
Two and a half months later , we are extremely pleased with the final construction , and thought we would pass on the information we learned and created for the rest of the Cross Fit community .
A complete drawing package for the pull up station is located here .
You ’ll also see the major assembly drawings pictured below .
Please ignore all check marks and places where I marked the drawing or feature “ DONE . ”
Read on for the full details on Cross Fit pull up bar construction .
Background and Discarded Concepts :
We first explored a wall - mounted solution in order to save floor space .
We wanted a bar mounted along the wall with triangular trusses at necessary intervals for support .
We wanted to mount the bar far enough from the wall that wall ball shots could be done between the bar and the wall ( kudos to Russell Berger of Cross Fit Huntsville for that idea ) .
However , due to the nature of our box , this proved infeasible .
Permanently mounting load - bearing steel structures to a finished warehouse wall is very difficult to accomplish correctly and safely .
Our walls are constructed with aluminum studs .
Accommodating different bar diameters and heights would also be difficult .
These considerations pushed us to designing a free - standing structure .
Assumptions and Requirements :
Our pull up station construction began with the requirement to accommodate at least six athletes at once .
We quickly found that a rectangular , free - standing structure could accommodate many athletes .
Our final product has space for 18 simultaneous athletes , assuming every space is occupied .
We have n’t load tested it with this many athletes , but we are confident it would not fail .
We decided that an athlete needs a maximum of 4.5 linear feet of pullup bar to have adequate space and not “ feel cramped . ”
We then determined that four pullup bar heights could accomodate 95 % of athletes : 80 ″ , 88 ″ , 92 ″ , and 96 ″ .
We based this on reach measurements from Christina ( 5 ’1 ″ ) , David ( 5 ’8 ″ ) , and me ( 6 ’0 ″ ) and a statistical height distribution of American men and women from the Center for Disease Control .
I based my calculations on the 95th percentile male and female .
Yes , that ’s probably a little overboard , and a lot geeky , but it worked .
We also kept in mind that a short athlete can always use a plyometric box , bumpers , or trainer assistance to mount a pullup bar that is too high .
However , an athlete that is too tall for a pullup bar will not be able to effectively kip under any circumstances .
Based on excursions to Lowe ’s and steel vendors where we would go to “ feel some pipe , ” we determined four desired diameters : 1.05 ″ , 1.32 ″ , 1.66 ″ , and 1.90 ″ .
These outer diameters correspond to inner diameters of schedule 80 steel pipe of 3/4 ″ , 1 ″ , 1 - 1/4 ″ , and 1 - 1/2 ″ , respectively .
Steel pipe is named by its inner diameter , while we are concerned with its outer diameter .
This is confusing at first .
You ’ll get used to it .
This wikipedia page has a chart that can help .
Our height and diameter choices yielded six total diameter - height combinations for athletes to choose from .
Almost all athletes will choose the 1.32 ″ or 1.66 ″ diameter bars .
We installed the smaller diameter for extremely small athletes and kids and the larger diameter for developing grip .
The basis of our design is a 9 ′ x 18 ′ freestanding rectangle .
Bars are supported by 12 vertical beams constructed from 2.5 ″ rectangular steel tubing with 1/8 ″ ( .125 ″ ) wall thickness .
Beams are welded to 6 ″ x 6 ″ x 3/8 ″ steel plates that form the ground attachment point .
The steel plates are anchored to our concrete floor using 1/ 2 ″ concrete anchors .
Each bar fully passes through the beam (s ) that supports it and is welded to the beam (s ) at each intersection .
Cost :
Total cost for our pullup station was $ 542 for steel , about $ 40 in primer and paint , about $ 40 to rent the concrete hammer drill and bit , and two cases of Bud Light for the welder .
We scavenged or borrowed everything else .
That puts the total cost at less than $ 650 , assuming our time is free .
From concept to completed product I estimate that David and I invested about 50 - 60 combined man-hours in this project .
Adding help from others brings the total to roughly 80 - 100 man hours .
Construction :
Constructing this pullup station was not complex , but it definitely was n’t easy .
Think about that subtle difference .
All we ’re dealing with is steel tube supporting steel pipe via some plates anchored to the floor .
No part of that description is complex , but it takes some serious tools , experience , and effort to perform all the intermediate processes .
You will need access to tools like a bandsaw , milling machine , and welder , and the knowledge to operate them .
Conversely , you can also subcontract these parts of the construction for additional cost .
You also need to know how to use a concrete drill , install concrete anchors , and read a mechanical drawing .
Once again , not complex , just a lot of issues to address .
Here is how to proceed .
First , purchase materials .
We acquired all our materials from a local steel vendor and Lowe’s .
You can see our receipt from the steel vendor on the last page of the attached PDF .
Steel pipe only came in 21 ′ sections , so we had some excess when construction was complete .
Below you can see our parts list
Raw Steel Parts List Qty Description Length
( ft ) 1 3/8 ″ thick x 6 ″ wide plate 6 2 1 - 1/4 ″ Sch 80 Pipe 21 2 1 ″ Sch 80 Pipe 21 1 3/4 ″ Sch 80 Pipe 21 1 1 - 1/2 ″ Sch 80 Pipe 21 6 2.5 ″ Tubing , 1/8 ″ thick 2
–
Next comes cutting the steel to length .
We used an industrial horizontal bandsaw with a hydraulic control system that lowers the sawblade onto the steel while flooding the cutting surface with coolant .
You can see an example of a horizontal bandsaw below .
A regular vertical bandsaw would work just fine .
I do not recommend using a hacksaw .
Even with a bandsaw , this takes some time .
Remember , measure twice and cut once .
First , cut the steel plates .
The steel plate comes in one 6 ″ x 6 ′ section that must be cut to length .
Cut it into 6 ″ lengths and you quickly produce the 6 ″ x 6 ″ plates .
Our cuts added up such that the last plate was not exactly 6 ″ x 6 ″ , but more like 6 ″ x 4.75 ″ .
This is n’t a big deal .
We just moved in the bolt pattern on the plate ( made it smaller than the 4.5 ″ square pattern on the attached drawing ) .
You will see later that this does n’t affect the construction .
Next , cut the steel tube to length at 102 ″ .
Each 20 ′ length of tube produces two 102 ″ beams with 3 ′ of drop left over .
Twelve total beams are needed .
Finally , cut the pipe to length according to the attached drawings .
Lengths range from 58.5 ″ to 220 ″ .
If you ’ve looked at the attached drawings then you may have noticed our pseudo - cryptic labeling scheme .
Take a look at the plan view on page 2 , also pictured above .
Beams are labeled with letters A - J and enclosed by a triangle .
Pipe sections are labeled with numbers 1 - 15 and enclosed by a circle .
We kept this nomenclature throughout the drawing package .
On page 6 you can see the drawing for Beam A ( upper left hand corner when viewed in landscape ) .
This corresponds to the beam that connects pipe sections 1 and 12 on the corner of the apparatus ( see plan view ) .
Drawings for these pipe sections are on pages 16 and 20 , respectively .
You should now be able to decipher the correct position for each part .
Notice that the apparatus requires two iterations of Beam C and Beam G .
I digressed on the labeling scheme because now you need to start labeling your steel pieces .
Mark each unfinished beam with its letter .
This way when you work on the beam you know exactly which drawing to reference and the exact location and size of holes to be cut .
You can also similarly label the pipe , although this is less necessary .
Each base plate is identical , so no labeling is required .
Now you ’re ready to start drilling / boring holes .
This will likely be the most time - consuming part of the operation .
We used a milling machine , and I highly recommend it if you have one available .
If not , a drill press might do the trick .
First , the easy part .
Drill the clearance holes for the concrete anchors in the base plates .
The drawing specifies four holes per plate .
However , we ended up going with four anchors in each corner beam and two anchors in the remaining beams .
Therefore , you can get away with drilling four plates with all four holes and the remaining eight plates can get only two holes ( on opposite corners ) .
This is an easy operation .
It ’s just a clearance hole , so drill 9/16 ″ holes on 4.5 ″ centers and you ’re done .
Location is n’t critical here , so do n’t spend time precisely locating each hole , center - drilling , and then stepping up drill bits for a nice , clean hole .
Just get in there .
Next comes boring holes in the beams .
Most of the beams have two holes bored at right angles to each other a few inches apart .
Some beams are exceptions to this rule , so play close attention to the attached drawings .
Remember that you need two iterations of Beam C and Beam G.
While dimensions are given from the top of the beam to the hole ’s axis , you want to hold the distance from the bottom of the beam to the hole as constant , so measure from the bottom of the beam .
Your resulting dimension will be 102 ″ minus the dimension given on the drawing .
All holes are centered on the 2.5 ″ width of the steel tube .
Boring holes this large in steel is neither quick nor easy .
We started with a ~ 1/4 ″ drill bit and stepped up to progressively larger drill bits .
We had to finish each hole with a boring bit .
You can see a picture of a boring head below .
The largest drill bit we had available was 1.5 ″ diameter .
Drill bits up to 2 ″ in diameter are available , but very expensive .
The diameters that you need to bore are listed on the attached drawings .
Each hole is 0.020 ″ oversized on the diameter for its corresponding bar .
This ensures the bar will slide in easily , but prevents any noticeable slop .
Debur the interior surfaces of the cut to ensure the pipe slides easily .
Before cutting , always check that you ’re boring the proper size hole in the proper place on the properly labeled beam .
After all the steel is cut the operation gets a little easier … if you know how to weld or have access to a welder .
Weld the base plates onto the bottom of each beam , centered .
Ensure that the four - hole base plates are welded to the corner beams if you decided to make different base plates for the corner beams .
After that welding is complete you must clean the surface rust from the beams and base plates in preparation for painting .
Paint will not stick to rust , and raw steel accumulates rust very quickly .
I suggest using an electric grinder with a coarse sanding wheel of ~ 30 - 65 grit .
You do n’t have to get all the metal shiny , but it should be smooth and relatively uniform .
After the beams and base plates are welded and cleaned it ’s time to prime and paint them .
For best results wipe the beam down with acetone , allow the acetone to quickly evaporate , then prime , allow the primer to dry , then paint .
You can not yet paint where the bars will be welded to the beams , else the welding will be difficult or impossible , so leave about three inches of unpainted surface in each direction from the holes in the beam .
After the paint is dry it ’s time to assemble the apparatus .
Lay out the beams on your floor and insert the corresponding pipes .
With ample help from others , stand up each side and progressively link them together .
A hammer may be necessary to assist driving the pipe .
Finally , you ’ll have the complete apparatus assembled and standing on your floor .
Be careful during this process .
All that steel linked together is quite heavy .
We recommend using four people , a minimum of one on each beam , to lift each side into place .
Now it ’s time to anchor the pullup station to the floor .
Use chalk lines to position the apparatus exactly where you want it .
Ensure each beam is reasonably plumb and that the base plates align uniformly .
Our floor is a concrete slab , so that is the anchoring method we will cover .
We used 0.5 ″ concrete anchors and mounted them 1.5 ″ deep in the concrete .
You will need a concrete hammer drill and 0.5 ″ concrete drill bit for this operation .
Both can be rented at Home Depot for less than $ 40 per day .
The anchors can also be purchased at Home Depot .
Use the directions on the anchors to determine how deep you should drill .
Using the base plate clearance holes as a guide , drill your anchor holes .
Clean the concrete dust out of the hole using a shop vac and / or compressed air .
Drive the anchor into the concrete with a large hammer .
Tighten the nut with a 9/16 ″ wrench .
Move to the next hole , rinse , repeat .
Anchor the corner beams first , then anchor each intermediate beam .
Now the apparatus is assembled and anchored to the floor .
Almost there !
Now you need a welder to weld the joints between the pipe and beams .
While full welds around each joint are not necessary , that ’s what our welder did .
We suspect that full welds at each end of each pipe and tack welds at each intermediate joint would be more than sufficient .
After the welding is done all that ’s left is final painting .
Prime and paint the remaining surfaces of the pullup station .
You may or may not want to paint the actual pullup bars .
Schedule 80 steel pipe does not seem to rust as readily as raw steel .
We left the bars unpainted , but did give them a thorough cleaning with sandpaper and acetone .
After much wailing and gnashing of teeth , the pull up station is complete .
You can probably tell that the design is capable of modification for almost any bar diameter and height .
Play with the design and modify it for your particular needs .
By all means , improve on it and let us know how you did it .
I hope this article helps someone who is facing the same challenges in constructing a pullup bar for a Cross Fit box .
Perhaps you wo n’t have to work as hard as we did .
Update February 2011 : Having worked with the pullup cage for over 15 months now , it ’s still holding strong and sturdy as ever .
We have discovered one way that we could have made it better .
We should have positioned a few of the uprights closer together such that they could hold a barbell like a power rack .
This would reduce the 4.5 ′ of space for each athlete , but we have found that is a little more than necessary anyway .
We could have then cross -drilled the uprights to accept J-cups at varying heights to hold a barbell .
We could have had several extra barbell racks from our pull up station , but such is the price of learning !
Rogue has done something very similar with their Infinity Series of pullup rigs and rack hybrids .
I highly recommend modifying our design in this manner if you plan to replicate it .
“
This is a burgeoning realm of employment law , and Virginia & Ambinder seems well positioned to take the lead .
Newsweek
Thank you for helping me in exercising my rights , and ultimately obtain what I was entitled to .
I am happy and comforted to know that I can trust the attorneys in this firm .
If I or my family were to suffer a similar experience on the job , I will certainly send them your way !
Felipe Solano
I was very happy with the settlement agreement , and would like to thank my attorneys for their great work , as well as for their help and support throughout the case .
Thank you God and Virginia & Ambinder !
Domingo Salvador
Everything was handled smoothly and the way we hoped .
My wife and I are very pleased with the settlement agreement reached .
The wages we recovered are now in our new savings account .
My attorneys did an excellent job !
Jorge Herrera
Jack , I just wanted to thank you again for your guidance & patience while helping us through this case .
You really made things go easier than I had anticipated .
Your FIRM ROCKS .
I was very impressed with your practice and will gladly refer family and friends in the future .
Samuel Gomez
Leonor Coyle was very thorough and patient with me throughout the whole process .
Therefore , I felt secure and informed about my case .
Even the professional service from the receptionist was impeccable when I came to the office .
The end result turned out greater then what I had expected and I would highly recommend this firm .
Monica Ramirez
This was not a simple matter to litigate , and [ Virginia & Ambinder ] did an admirable job .
Judge Valerie E. Caproni , U.S.D.J. ( SDNY )
December 21st , 2009
The Dangers of Gossip
Gossip is one of the most common problems in the workplace as well as in relationships .
The biggest problem with it is that most people do n’t even realize when a discussing takes a turn towards gossip and even worse is that they do n’t realize the impact of gossip .
Well gossip is a relationship killer and it happens much more frequently than you might want to believe .
Gossip is basically anything that could be seen as a negative spoken about one person to another when they are not there to hear it first hand .
It could be something very simple with zero intent to harm them and it could be as harsh as an intentional slander of someone ’s character .
There is nothing good about gossip and it usually hurts the person under gossip and the people involved in sharing the gossip .
There are risks in having the person find out about a person sharing gossip ( gossips ) as well as the pain and hurt to that person of whatever negative information is spread .
There are many additional dangers of gossip :
stress to those involved
hurt feelings
destroys teamwork
destroys the desire for people to share any meaningful vulnerabilities
prevents communication that requires trust by encouraging people to keep their mouth shut
creates undeserved reputations
Your Own Choices Around Gossip
All of these dangers should be enough to convince anyone to avoid gossip , unfortunately , they are not .
Gossip is temping and often encouraged by the behaviors of people .
Gossips welcome all new gossip and they often turn those who do n’t participate in their gossip into their own victims of new gossip .
Its often easier to participate than to risk becoming a victim and for many there is also an attraction ( for a multitude of reason ) to participate for their own reasons .
Gossip is selfish and usually malicious in that it downplays or attacks someone else ( whether subtle or obvious ) to make the gossips look better in comparison .
This is exactly why its so destructive because it destroys so much in oneself , let alone the victims of gossip .
It destroys your character and puts you into a position where you ca n’t be trusted .
The power that gossip gives is very temporary and usually short sided which ends up coming back negatively to the gossips .
The most common of these methods is when gossip turns around and the people involved in gossip then become victims of gossip themselves , often within the same group destroying any bonds the gossip might be falsely or temporarily created anyway .
Other consequences of gossip are getting caught , building mistrust , false relationships , spreading untrue rumors and many hurt feelings and people left in the wake of gossip .
The great thing about gossip is that it really is very easy to free yourself from it if you can chose to avoid it and learn a few techniques to help identify it , handle it and stay clear of the problems caused by it .
So how is that done ?
Identify Gossip
Many times gossip is quite obvious and undisguised .
It could be as simple as people asking questions about what you heard or know or thought about someone else or their actions .
It could sound like the following :
Did you hear what Frank said to Sally ?
You would n’t believe what I heard John did this weekend ?
I heard that Gerry …
Did you see Lisa ’s new boyfriend ?
All these do not necessarily lead to negative gossip but they are obvious conversations about other people and should be very easy to identify in a conversation or start of one .
Not all gossip is as easy to recognize as this , unfortunately , and sometimes it is much more disguised .
It might even happen when talking with a friend or colleague when the conversation started about simple facts or positives about someone else and shifted to negatives or problems about that person .
If you are not talking about how to help that person , support them to resolve their problems or some other positive action when discussing others , its quite likely its turning into gossip .
Basically , if you are talking about someone else , you need to really stop and think if you are doing it to help them or not .
If your not , its gossip and there is no need for it .
Influencing Gossip
“ Death and life are in the power of the tongue . ” Proverbs 18:21
Since gossip is so powerful it has a great influence on others and so it must be battled through positive influence in response .
There are a number of actions you can take against gossip .
Ignore it :
Avoid people who talk gossip and do n’t give any opportunities for them to spread it
Simply leave the room or conversation when gossip starts
Do n’t respond to questions about opinions on others or other gossip traps
Ignore gossip and do n’t engage in any gossip based conversations
Prevent it :
Never start any of your own gossip
Change the topic whenever a conversation leads to gossip
Refuse to listen or respond to any gossip you are faced with
Hide any hurt feelings or dramatic reaction to gossip .
This fuels the gossips to continue as its often what gossips want to generate .
Confront it :
Politely say that you would prefer to talk about that person when they are present
If you know the source of gossip , go and confront them immediately and calmly tell them you do not appreciate them talking about you and that it causes hurt feelings whether intentional or not .
If you hear someone start some gossip , offer to go to that victimized person with the gossiper right away to discuss it .
Simply respond to gossip , “ Would you like to have someone share that about you without you knowing ? ” and walk away .
State I do n’t like talking about other people because I do n’t like them talking about me .
State that you do n’t talk about others unless its to help them or support them
State that you do n’t want to talk about others negatively unless they are involved in the discussion
State that you do n’t want to talk about others negatively unless they are involved in the discussion
Prev : The Greatest Book of All Time !
Part 2 of 2 Next : Giving ALL you have …
" Fear of Girls : The Worst Gamers in the World - The Attention Whoring Thespian "
Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) says the health care fight has worsened the odds for bipartisanship on a climate bill .
GOP warns of harsh energy climate
Senate Republicans warned Monday that the bruising fight over health care reform could deliver a knockout blow to another Democratic priority : passage of a climate change bill in 2010 .
With a united Democratic Caucus , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid was able to get to cloture on health care without a single GOP vote .
But Democrats are n’t united on climate change , and the bitter battle over health care has left even sympathetic Republicans with little desire to help — a dynamic that would likely doom the bill to legislative failure .
Advertisement
“ It makes it hard to do anything because of the way this was handled , ” said Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) .
Graham did n’t elaborate , but he did n’t have to — the fierce partisan fights during the past few weeks have torn away at the Senate ’s clubby decorum , raising temperatures , fraying nerves and creating what one Democratic senator has called a “ very high ” level of distrust among members .
Graham ’s words carry serious weight with supporters of climate change legislation because the South Carolina Republican has emerged as a leader on the issue in the Senate , working with Sens.
John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) and Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) on a bipartisan bill .
Other potentially “ gettable ” Republican senators also sounded discouraging notes Monday .
“ Right now , I would say that cap and trade is stalled , ” said Maine Sen. Susan Collins .
“ Cap and trade has been delayed by the health care debate almost indefinitely , ” said Indiana Sen .
Dick Lugar .
“ The question will be how many more battles members of Congress want to take on in an election year . ”
“ I give it a very low chance , ” said Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski , a potential GOP target for bill supporters .
“ What it comes down to is our ability to work together as a body .
And right now , the indicators are not very positive for climate change . ”
Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin ( D - Ill . ) equivocated over the weekend , when asked whether Democrats could pass a climate bill next year .
But Kerry — one of only two senators to attend this month ’s U.N. climate conference in Copenhagen — lashed out at naysayers Monday , saying the Senate would deliver on the promises President Barack Obama made there .
“ Not a chance in hell that after the president put American prestige on the line in Copenhagen that the Senate is going to give this issue anything less than a major push , ” Kerry said .
“ This is big — big — bigger than any individual agenda .
Big .
The 111th Congress is not a one - trick pony incapable of tackling more than one big issue , and the cost of tackling climate change would only grow if the Senate got weak - kneed and kicked the can down the road .
Not going to happen . ”
As Kerry noted , House members put themselves on the line when they approved a climate bill earlier this year .
But the health backlash is only the latest roadblock in the Senate , and it ’s not at all clear that supporters will be able to clear all — or even any — of them .
“ It will take a lot of work , ” said Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) .
“ We need to take a break around here and step back before we try anything of any controversy . ”
The bill has scheduling issues : Climate ranks at the end of a long list of Democratic priorities for 2010 , behind both a jobs bill and financial reform .
It has international issues :
The contentious negotiations in Copenhagen provide little , if any , boost for a bill back home .
And it has caucus unity issues .
Manufacturing - state Democrats are demanding border tariffs to protect energy - intensive industries from unfair foreign competition .
“ If we do n’t do this right , a company in Lima , Ohio , shuts down and moves to Wuhan , and we lose jobs , ” said Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown .
And the sweeteners necessary to get Republicans on board — like expanding off - shore drilling and adding incentives for nuclear energy — could alienate liberal Democrats worried about the environmental impacts .
“ The drilling would be very hard for me , ” said New Jersey Democratic Sen. Frank Lautenberg .
“ Because even if they agree not to drill off the coast of New Jersey , that does n’t protect us from the coast of Virginia , Delaware or other places . ”
A handful of Democrats want to dump the cap - and - trade concept entirely .
Earlier this month , Collins and Sen. Maria Cantwell ( D - Wash . ) released legislation that would replace cap and trade with a system that would offer direct consumer rebates to offset increased energy costs .
Sen. Byron Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) has been pushing to move energy legislation that passed the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee in June — and leave behind the cap - and - trade proposal he opposes .
“ We ’re going to have wasted a year , in my judgment , ” he said .
“ My hope is when the calendar turns and January comes , we ’ll have the opportunity to be able to grab and seize the progress that was made in the energy committee . ”
Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have pronouced dead a climate bill introduced earlier this year by Kerry and Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Chairwoman Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif. ) , because of the partisan way it passed through Boxer ’s committee .
Instead , Kerry , Graham and Lieberman have been getting input from members across the Senate as they attempt to craft a bipartisan climate bill .
The legislation must contain the right trade - offs to satisfy the long list of regional energy , economic and employment issues raised by Democratic lawmakers .
At the same time , they are trying to figure out how to steer their proposal through tricky procedural hurdles .
At least two more committees — Finance and Commerce , Science and Transportation — plan to mark up portions of the sweeping bill .
And the Agriculture , Nutrition and Forestry Committee , which also has jurisdiction over the legislation , is headed by Arkansas Democratic Sen .
Blanche Lincoln , a moderate who ’s called cap and trade “ a real problem . ”
And other key Democrats have their own list of issues with the bill .
“ I ’m not one of those who stands against the climate bill , but I want to see it happen in a way that ’s fair and gives West Virginia a chance to survive , ” said Sen .
John Rockefeller ( D - W.Va . ) , who wants billions in additional funding for new coal technologies .
But not everyone was so dour Monday .
Iowa Democratic Sen .
Tom Harkin said the health care fight has taught Democrats that they can be “ cohesive ” and work together despite their differences .
“ What we ’ve done here strengthens us for next year , ” he said .
A man accused of trying to sell nude videos of Andrews pleaded not guilty last month in federal court in Los Angeles to a charge of interstate stalking .
The warrants were served in Northern California on Wednesday , and it 's unclear what was taken from the tech firms .
Michael David Barrett , 48 , is accused of shooting videos of Andrews through peepholes of hotel rooms in three different states and trying to post those videos on the Internet after trying to sell them to TMZ.com , court records show .
Barrett 's trial is scheduled for Jan. 12 .
If convicted , he faces a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison .
The Illinois native was arrested Oct. 2 at Chicago O'Hare International Airport .
A U.S. magistrate judge ordered Barrett free on $ 100,000 bond .
-- Richard Winton
Photo : ESPN sideline reporter Erin Andrews in 2008 .
Credit : Mike Zarrilli / Getty Images
Most people , myself included , do n’t really care about what this libertarian said about that one , who has been excommunicated by whom , etc .
The whole thing is a stupid waste of time .
But when Professor Tyler Cowen chastises “ Ron Paul — Lew Rockwell Libertarianism ” at a Cato Institute function , it ’s too potentially instructive to pass over .
Cowen said , “ I think the libertarian movement is about to split into a right wing libertarian movement that has decided to cast its lot with hard right Republicans and a movement more liberal , more secular , more historically minded , more socially tolerant , less keyed in to the political right . ”
“ I am so glad I was n’t there , ” says NYU economics professor Mario Rizzo of the Cato forum at which these comments were made .
33 Questions About Ame ... Thomas E. Woods Best Price : $ 2.91 Buy New $ 9.99 ( as of 07:05 EST - Details )
It does n’t matter to me if you ’re a Tyler Cowen groupie , if you think Cowen is a sellout , or if you have no idea who Cowen is .
The point is that his remarks are straight out of Bizarro World .
When talking about cozying up to “ hard right Republicans , ” is Cowen speaking of Planet Earth ’s Ron Paul , the guy the GOP has treated like garbage ?
The guy everyone notes has cross-partisan and cross-ideological appeal ?
I could insert a bunch of URLs here , but what ’s the point ?
Everyone knows this .
To say such things about Lew Rockwell , though , is if anything even funnier .
Go ahead and search this very site for Lew Rockwell ’s name , along with “ GOP ” or “ Republicans . ”
Unless
Lew is trying to use a particularly odd form of reverse psychology , I do n’t think he is ingratiating himself into the party ’s favor .
The Politically Incorr ... Thomas E. Woods Jr. Best Price : $ 1.51 Buy New $ 8.71 ( as of 06:15 EST - Details )
And remind me — which party has Cato ’s major donor been helping to fund over the years ?
Just wondering .
Ron Paul and Lew Rockwell leading a movement toward the war - mongering political Right ?
Cowen ’s no dummy , so we can assume we ’re not dealing with ignorance on the kind of Guinness Book scale that such a statement would require .
What we are dealing with I leave the reader to decide .
As for a “ split ” among libertarians , well , it already exists .
But it ’s kind of quaint that in the midst of the biggest wave of libertarian growth we ’ve ever seen , thanks to Ron Paul , Tyler Cowen thinks anyone will care or notice that 17 people are splitting off .
( It reminds me of Homer Simpson , in the “ Flaming Homer / Flaming Moe ” episode , indignantly yelling to Moe that he ’s just lost a customer , namely Homer himself , but Moe ca n’t hear him over the huge crowd ordering drinks . )
We Who Dared to Say No ... Best Price : $ 2.50 Buy New $ 14.75 ( as of 08:10 EST - Details )
On the Cato question , just a few words .
I ’ve cited some of their work in my own writing , on the grounds that if someone writes something worthwhile , and helps me understand some area better , I ’ll acknowledge it and learn from it .
They , on the other hand , would not cite a Mises Institute publication if it were the last thing on earth .
Yet we are the ones accused of being religious cultists who brook no dissent , etc. ( Yep , that ’s us ! )
The Ron Paul phenomenon has been a difficult one for Cato to deal with .
For one thing , attacks on Lew Rockwell and LRC are very common in Cato circles .
Yet here ’s Ron Paul , with gazillions of young supporters , and who is Lew ’s longtime friend .
LRC , says Ron Paul , is the first site he reads every morning .
So what are they going to do ?
Alienate all these young people by saying Ron is a scoundrel for being associated with Lew ?
But if they say Ron is a good guy , then how bad can Lew be ?
It ’s an impossible situation .
Meltdown : A Free - Marke ...
Thomas E. Woods Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 20.00 ( as of 02:20 EST - Details )
Add to this that Lew and Ron get thunderous standing ovations wherever they go — not exactly a phenomenon most D.C. think - tankers encounter on a regular basis .
Huge throngs of young kids love these men , the heroic work they ’ve done , and what they stand for .
If you keep smearing them , you are implicitly smearing all these young kids , who anyone with any sense knows are the future of the movement .
Initially Cato was cold toward Ron Paul , and — unbelievably — ran a column called “ FREDeralism ! ” in support of Fred Thompson ’s proposals for renewed federalism , the 4522nd time a Republican politician has made such promises ( and the 4522nd time D.C. think - tanks have fallen for them ) .
They danced on his grave a bit after the New Hampshire primary .
Then , once it became obvious that his supporters still loved him and would crawl over broken glass for him , they ate some crow and actually invited him to speak .
Let me repeat : I have no interest whatsoever in talking about things like this or in perpetuating feuds of any kind .
But since so many people are coming to our ideas for the first time , once in a while it is necessary to clear the air with regard to institutional matters .
The Best of Tom Woods
Will … You …Play … Black Knight Again ??
There is a reason I live in Winnetka and not in Evanston .
And it ’s not because , as Sandeep would put it , I like to get up 30 minutes earlier than otherwise so that my daughters can put their hair up and dress like beautiful little dolls to match all the other dolls in their classes .
No , its because after all the dolls are asleep we get to go to their parents ’ mansions for parties and there ’s always at least one parent who makes a living doing something incredibly interesting .
Tonight I met the guy who once made a living designing the classic pinball machines .
And he designed the two pinball machines , Black Knight in 1980 and High Speed in 1986 that are bookends for a period when the most important stuff I was learning about life was learned within a few feet of at least one of these machines .
It turns out these were also major turning points in the history of pinball itself .
In 1980 , pinball went digital , multi-ball , and multi-media starting with the game Black Knight .
Black Knight brought pinball to a new level , literally speaking because it was among the first games with ramps and elevated flippers , but even more importantly because it brought a new challenge that drew in and solidified a pinball crowd .
In doing so it also set the pinball market on a path that would eventually lead to its demise .
In 1986 , Williams High Speed changed the economics of pinball forever .
Pinball developers began to see how they could take advantage of programmable software to monitor , incentivize , and ultimately exploit the players .
They had two instruments at their disposal : the score required for a free game , and the match probability .
All pinball machines offer a replay to a player who beats some specified score .
Pre -1986 , the replay score was hard wired into the game unless the operator manually re-programmed the software .
High Speed changed all that .
It was pre-loaded with an algorithm that adjusted the replay score according to the distribution of scores on the specified machine over a specific time interval .
The early versions of this algorithm were crude , essentially targeting a weighted moving average .
But later implementations were more sophisticated .
The goal was to ensure that a fixed percentage , say the top 5 % of all scores would win a free game .
The score level that would implement this varies with the machine , location , and time .
The algorithm would compute a histogram of scores and set the replay threshold at the empirical cutoff of 5 % .
Later designs would allow the threshold to rise quickly to combat the wizard - goes - to - the - cinema problem .
The WGTTC problem is where a machine has adjusted down to a low replay score because it is mostly played by novices .
Then anytime an above average player gets on the machine , he ’s getting free games all day long .
The other tool is the match probability : you win a free game if the last two digits of your score match an apparently random draw .
While adjustments to the high - score threshold is textbook price theory , the adjustments to the match probability is pure behavioral economics .
Let ’s clear this up right away .
No , the match probability is not uniform and yes , it is strategically manipulated depending on who is playing and when .
For example , if the machine has been idle for more than three minutes , the match probability is boosted upward .
You will never match if you won a free game by high score .
And it gets more complicated than that .
Any time there are two or more players and they finish a game with no credits left , one player ( but only one ) is very likely to match .
Empirically , the other players will more often than not put in another quarter to play again .
( The tilt tolerance , by contrast has always been controlled by a physical device which is adjusted manually and rarely in response to user habits . )
Pinball attracted a different crowd than video games like Defender ( my new pal designed Defender and Stargate too , ) and this is the fundamental theorem of pinball economics .
Pinball skill is transferrable .
If you can pass , stall , nudge , and aim on one machine you can do it on any machine .
This is both a blessing and a curse for pinball developers .
The blessing is that pinball players were a captive market .
The curse was that to keep the pinball players interested the games had to get more and more intricate and challenging .
Pinball developers struggled with this problem as pinball was slowly losing to video games .
Video games competed by adding levels of play with increasing difficulty .
Any new player could quickly get chops on a new game because the low levels were easy .
This ensured that new players were drawn in easily , but still they were continually challenged because the higher levels got harder and harder .
By contrast , the physical nature of pinball , its main attraction to hardcore players , meant that there was no way to have it both ways .
Eventually , to keep the pinballers playing , the games became so advanced that entry - level players faced an impossible barrier .
High - schoolers in 1986 were either dropouts or professionals in 1992 and without inflow of new players that year essentially marked the end of pinball .
In 1992 The Addams Family was the last machine to sell big .
By this time , pinball machines used a free - game system called replay boost .
After any replay , the score required was increased by some increment .
Apparently , only hardcore pinballers were left and this was the only way to prevent them playing indefinitely for free .
Today Williams owns Bally but they make slot machines and video poker .
There currently exists one botique manufacturer of pinball machines but its fair to say that innovation stopped in 1992 .
My new best friend has a basement full of Black Knight , High Speed , Defender , Pac Man , Asteroids , and everything else you inserted quarters into when you were 16 .
Now I just have to find a supplier of C45 , Djarums , and gooney - birds and I ’ll be ditching class to hear sirens and “ Pull Over Buddy . ”
Publisher Sega announced that the forthcoming action game Aliens vs. Predator will not be released in Germany .
According to the press release the game might not get a rating by the USK ( German rating board ) and Sega does not offer any games in Germany that do n't get a rating .
It has also been announced that Aliens vs. Predator will not be adjusted for the German market because the game has been designed in coherence with the Alien and Predator brands - gameplay , graphics and story meet the mature theme .
Sega also emphasizes the importance of cooperation with the rating boards and the responsibilities of a publisher of electronic entertainment products .
This development is unexpected but not surprising - given the amount of violence which is to be expected from the action game .
If Aliens vs. Predator does not get an USK rating , the game can only be sold to a much smaller amount of people in Germany .
This would also lower the possible revenue , when you take costs for translation and localization into account .
What do you think about this ?
Is Sega doing the right thing ?
Or does n't it make sense to cut Germany out ?
Tell us in the comments .
If you are interested in the topic of countries individual rating behaviors , you might also want to take a look at the article GTA 4 : The Ballad of Gay Tony - Carrying sex and violence to excess ?
Unterstützt PCGH – es dauert nur eine Minute .
Danke !
Alle Leser bekommen bei uns täglich kostenlos News , Artikel , Guides , Videos und Podcasts über aktuelle Spiele - Hardware und ihre Lieblingsspiele .
Bislang haben wir diese Seite vorwiegend über Werbung finanziert , doch seit COVID - 19 wird das zunehmend schwieriger .
Viele Unternehmen kürzen oder streichen für 2020 ihre Werbebudgets .
Budgets , auf die wir leider angewiesen sind , wenn wir PC Games Hardware auch in Zukunft in gewohnter Form kostenlos anbieten wollen .
Aus diesem Grund wenden wir uns jetzt an euch .
Ihr könnt uns als PCGH - Supporter dabei unterstützen , dass wir unsere bekannten Inhalte auch weiterhin in gewohnter Form kostenlos anbieten können .
Jeder Beitrag , ob groß oder klein , ist wertvoll .
Unterstützt PC Games Hardware - es dauert nur eine Minute .
Jetzt unterstützen
Wir danken euch jetzt schon im Voraus .
[ futuremark ]
Bildergalerie ( Ansicht vergrößern für Quellenangaben )
The Galerie will be downloaded ...
(*) Affiliate - Links haben wir mit einem Sternchen gekennzeichnet .
Wir erhalten für einen Kauf über unseren Link eine kleine Provision und können so die kostenlos nutzbare Webseite teilweise mit diesen Einnahmen finanzieren .
Für den User entstehen hierbei keine Kosten .
Honda BF20
The 103 pounds of Honda Marine ’s BF20 would weigh quite less than 9.9 horsepower with motors on market .
This brings a high engine related stroke that brings 350 cc of displacement with some provisions to get one to optimum torque throughout the rpm range .
It comes with an integrated carrying handle and brings ignition to the standard feature .
Photo by hondanews
There are different forms of motor power available along with Power Thrust design that can bring performance and maneuverability .
This is about Power Thrust propeller combination with reversing of new exhaust outlet that can bring anti-ventilation with some of the greater propeller distribution while working in reverse .
This is the result of great work and thrust and immensely great power management .
Honda is now leading some of the greater environmental leadership channel with their new green plan actions .
They are bringing unmatched innovation in technology and automotive industry with more focus in bringing higher attention .
For instance they now have the FCX Clarity with right fuel cells along with electric vehicle propelling .
This is all a part of the Honda plan in action .
There are many ways of bringing environmental technology , environmental vehicles , local involvement and timeline .
Honda ’s work is quite effortless and they have been bringing clean and efficient technologies with some alternative source of fuel .
Environmental vehicles are really the baseline of current day and age .
There are some foreseeable future evolutions in terms of vehicle improvement and overall development of the environmental scenario .
The major source of fuel for the new products are coming to be developed into hybrid machines , changing the face of the way of vehicle building for the future .
This is going to be an overall way for better environmental foundation for the future .
Inbound marketing by Halligan and Shah is as practical as you can get about SEO and Social Media without actually describing the installation of blogging software , HTML code and HTTP server configuration files .
The book starts by explaining what is inbound marketing and how it is different from outbound marketing ( the current interruption based advertising model ) .
Inbound marketing is all about driving leads towards your business , when they are seeking information or reading on a topic relevant to your business .
The authors then build a case for why inbound marketing is important in today ’s world and why it ’s much more effective than outbound marketing .
The book is divided among four sections :
INBOUND MARKETING
GET FOUND BY PROSPECTS
CONVERTING CUSTOMERS
MAKE BETTER DECISIONS
The structure is quite logical having first explained you the basic concepts , it then moves on to increasing your reach within Google and Social Media , converting prospects into customers and eventually measure how well your inbound marketing efforts are doing .
The interesting thing about the book is that most of the advice is common sense and probably not new to anyone who has been following last 6 - 7 years of Web 2.0 and Social Networking boom ( yes , I used the dreaded word ) .
After convincing you , that inbound marketing is the most effective lead generation tool you have online , the authors then explain how to use modern social networking sites and Google to get found and build a following .
Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , StumbleUpon – it ’s all covered .
There is some practical advice on SEO , but this is not an SEO primer .
The book contains basic and most important ( and legit ) SEO advice and does n’t go overboard in telling you tricks to exploit current bugs and loopholes in search engine algorithms .
The whole promise is to build long term assets which would keep on giving after you have long stopped attending to them ( however , if you want to keep maintaining and growing your leads quantity / quality you are never really done with SEO and content creation ) .
The last few chapters contain good pointers on how to effectively measure everything you do online from lead quantity / quality to internal staff efficiency .
This is good enough for a start , but I believe every company would like to build their own matrices and measures .
As Jack Welch said in his famous “ Straight from the Gut “ book : what you measure is what you get .
I try to keep up to date on online trends and read most new books on the subject .
Some of my recent good reads include The Long Tail , Everything is Miscellenous , Groundswell and Free along with whatever Gladwell and Godin write :-) .
This is a different sort of book and a comparison is not Apples to Apples , but this book stands tall even in such distinguished company .
And that ’s saying something about the first book by the authors .
Having said all that , there is one caveat , the era of outbound marketing is not over yet .
You have to explore both inbound and outbound marketing approaches to make sure you attract the right segment for your product / services .
The authors say this much even in the book that outbound marketing can be useful especially in the beginning when you are just starting to build your inbound assets .
Grab it at http://bit.ly/inboundbook, it will enrich you in every sense of the word .
Tags : book , marketing , review
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The long - suffering U.S. jobs market improved significantly in November , as employers trimmed the fewest jobs of any month since the start of the recession , and the unemployment rate posted the biggest one - month decline in more than three years .
U.S. payrolls slipped 11,000 jobs in the month , far below any of the job losses posted over the last 23 months .
Economists surveyed by Briefing.com had forecast a loss of 125,000 jobs in November .
The October and September job loss estimates were also revised sharply lower , trimming previous job loss estimates by 159,000 between them .
The new reading put October job losses at 111,000 jobs , and September 's loss estimate was cut to 139,000 .
Each of those new estimates would have been the smallest declines in more than a year .
The unemployment rate improved to 10 % in the month .
Economists had forecast it would remain at the 10.2 % level reached in October , which had been a 26 - year high .
The unemployment rate had risen in 12 of the previous 13 months before November .
" I think it 's a little bit premature for champagne , but after enduring two years of really bad news , let 's enjoy this one , " said Jay Bryson , economist with Wells Fargo Securities .
" You 've got to walk before you start running .
I do n't think we 're walking yet , but we 're starting to get back up on our feet . "
Long - term unemployment remains gloomy .
Still , the number of jobs lost -- even with the lower revisions -- since the start of 2008 is 7.2 million .
And that only captures the net loss of jobs , and does n't give a full picture of the large pool of those without work or income .
The report showed 15.4 million Americans are now unemployed and seeking work , although that 's down 325,000 from the October reading .
Another 6 million want jobs but are not counted as part of the labor force because they have stopped looking .
Add to that group the 9.2 million who have only found part - time work when they want full - time jobs or have had their hours cut as a result of the downturn , and that brings to 30.6 million Americans who are not able to find the full - time job they want or need .
The long - term unemployment problem was worse in November than at any time in the 61 years those records have been kept .
A record 5.9 million people have been out of work for more than 6 months , as the average length of time those with work have been without a job rose to 28.5 weeks .
Rises in work week , temp hiring .
Still , there were signs of good news in the report beyond the overall drop in unemployment and sharp decline in job losses .
One is that the average work week increased to 33.2 hours from a record low of only 33 hours in October , a sign that employers who had cut the hours of their workers were starting to restore those hours .
The jump in work week meant the total number of hours worked by American workers increased by 0.6 % , the biggest such jump in three years , which was crucial to help lift the size of paychecks , even as average wages remained relatively unchanged .
And that is important for feeding into the recovery in the economy .
" Consumer spending is a function of income , not jobs , " said Bryson .
" Working people longer hours is a way of creating more income . "
Another hopeful sign cited by economists was a 52,000 increase in the number of temporary workers .
Typically employers bring on temporary help before they add permanent employees .
It was the biggest jump in temporary help in five years .
" The temporary workers and the longer hours , those are signs this is finally going in right direction , " said Tig Gilliam , CEO of Adecco Group North America , a unit of the world 's largest employment staffing firm .
" Now we need to get to creating 200,000 to 300,000 jobs a month .
That 's what it 'll take to get improvement in labor market .
It 's very possible it can be in the second quarter of next year . "
White House still concerned .
The report came the day after the Obama administration held a " jobs summit " at the White House , during which business leaders , economists and policymakers discussed what could be done to end the job losses .
President Obama continued to focus on the job situation during a trip to Allentown , Pa. , Friday , at which he toured Allentown Metal Works and a community college .
He said he would announce additional measures Tuesday that he will send to Congress in an effort to jumpstart private sector hiring .
" This is good news , just in time for the season of hope .
But I want to keep this in perspective , " the president said .
" Good trends do n't pay the rent .
We 've got to actually grow jobs and get America back to work as quickly as we can . "
Alan Krueger , the Treasury Department 's chief economist , said the report and other economic readings show that the layoffs have slowed but that hiring still remains weak .
" The trend of slow healing continues but there is a long way to go before the labor market returns to full health , " he said .
While Krueger said there are many encouraging signs in the report , " unemployment remained unacceptably high . "
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele issued a statement pointing out that the economy has lost 2.8 million jobs since the Obama administration passed its economic stimulus bill in February , and that the unemployment rate remains in double digits .
" If President Obama is truly interested in job creation , then he should stop campaigning for re-election , stop pushing ' Stimulus II , ' and start working with Republicans on common - sense conservative solutions , " said Steele .
Far - right Christian fundamentalist group Family Research Council has a clever idea for raising money : convince supporters that President Barack Obama will take away their Bibles and turn their kids gay .
That ’s essentially what the group ’s newest fundraising alert amounts to , with its claim that the president has a “ plan ” to “ impose homosexuality ” and “ silence Christianity . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
It ’s hard to make this stuff up .
The group ’s four - page letter , available here [ PDF link ] courtesy of Think Progress , reads like end - of - days fiction , with Godless liberals on the march and only your dollars keeping America from the fires of hell .
In truth , it ’s a lengthy , deceptive rant about the Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( ENDA ) , which would ensure gay , lesbian and transgendered people have a right to work alongside other Americans without fear of reprisal by the employers due solely to their sexual orientation or appearance .
The letter , which repeatedly refers to those not aligned with Christianity as “ the homosexual Left , ” explains :
Imagine …
* The government prosecuting a small business owner — perhaps a Christian bookstore — for declining to hire an open - homosexual or cross -dresser .
* Your employer telling you to remove the Bible from your desk because it is offensive to the homosexual or cross - dresser he was forced to hire .
* Your church being forced to choose between hiring a man who dresses as a woman to work in the Mother ’s Day Out or preschool program or facing federal investigation .
* Your teen coming home from his faith - based summer camp and telling you his councilor was an openly - practicing homosexual .
Unimaginable , you say ?
The government can’t force churches to do that , can it ?
It can — if ENDA becomes law .
Except , all of that is completely untrue .
According to the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights , “ ENDA exempts all religious organizations , which includes corporations , associations , and religious societies .
In addition , all educational institutions are exempt if the educational institution is at least substantially controlled or owned by a religious organization or if the institution ’s curriculum is directed towards the propagation of a religion . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The exemption is even more broad than that contained in the 1964 Civil Rights Act , which allows religious organizations to discriminate on the basis of faith , the group goes on to outline .
“ For example , in a 1987 Supreme Court case dealing with [ the Civil Rights Act ’s ]
Title VII , the Court ruled that a gym operated by the Mormon Church could require its janitor to be a Mormon in good standing , ” the conference continues .
“ Title VII does not , however , permit religious organization to discriminate on the basis of an individual ’s race , sex , or national origin .
By contrast , ENDA permits religious organizations to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation . ”
The group specifically calls out religious bookstores and day care centers as being exempt from the provisions .
ADVERTISEMENT
Think Progress further notes : “ In the body of the letter , which was signed by FRC President Tony Perkins , Rep. Tom Price ( R - GA ) is quoted as saying that ENDA legislation would mean that ‘ the federal government would be dictating to religious institutions and organizations whom they must hire . ’ …
These claims are ridiculous .
Despite what Price says , the legislation would not force anyone to be hired . ”
According to the Human Rights Campaign , ENDA …
ADVERTISEMENT
* Extends federal employment discrimination protections currently provided based on race , religion , sex , national origin , age and disability to sexual orientation and gender identity * Prohibits public and private employers , employment agencies and labor unions from using an individual ’s sexual orientation or gender identity as the basis for employment decisions , such as hiring , firing , promotion or compensation * Provides for the same procedures , and similar , but somewhat more limited , remedies as are permitted under Title VII and the Americans with Disabilities Act * Applies to Congress and the federal government , as well as employees of state and local governments
The Family Research Council has a long history of spreading vicious lies about homosexuality , outlined here by Media Matters .
ST . LOUIS ( Reuters ) - Norman Borlaug , the father of the Green Revolution of the 1960s and 1970s , had only months to live when he received a visit from an old friend , Rob Fraley , chief of technology for Monsanto Co .
Nancy Brumley , Monsanto Soybean Plant Specialist , ties up a stalk of soybean in the soybean greenhouse at the Monsanto Research facility in Chesterfield , Missouri , October 9 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Peter Newcomb
Borlaug , who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1970 for his work increasing food production in starving areas of the globe , welcomed Fraley to his Dallas home , where the two men sipped coffee and tea and discussed a subject dear to their hearts : the future of agriculture and the latest challenges of feeding the human race .
Fraley , who first met Borlaug 20 years earlier , when they served as founding board members for an agricultural group that works with developing nations , said he showed his friend photos of new types of corn that Monsanto was developing .
Using biotechnology and genetic transfers , Monsanto , the world ’s largest seed company , hoped to create a corn variety that could grow well in dry conditions , even in drought - prone Africa , helping to alleviate hunger and poverty -- and fatten its bottom line .
“ We were showing him some of the pictures of the drought - tolerant corn , ” Fraley recalled .
“ You could see his eyes were starting to well up , and I said , ‘ Norm , what ’s wrong ? ’
He said , ‘ Rob , I ’ve made it all the way through the Green Revolution .
I do n’t think I ’m going to make it through the gene revolution . ’ ”
The topic of Fraley ’s final conversation with his friend that day underscored the unfolding of a modern era of global agriculture .
In this new paradigm , traditional plant breeding is giving way to the high - tech tools of rich corporations like Monsanto , which are playing an increasingly powerful role in determining how and what the world eats .
It is also generating controversy , as critics continue to question the safety of biotech crops , and fear increasing control of the global food supply by giant corporations .
Still , few dispute that something needs to be done .
The United Nations has said that food production must double by 2050 to meet the demand of the world ’s growing population and that innovative strategies are needed to combat hunger and malnutrition that already afflict more than 1 billion people .
Amid this dire outlook , St. Louis , Missouri - based Monsanto -- along with its biggest corporate rivals , charitable foundations , public researchers and others -- is forming a loose coalition of interests instigating a second Green Revolution .
“ What we do builds on what he started , ” Fraley said of Borlaug , who died in September at the age of 95 .
GENE JUGGLING
Founded in 1901 as a maker of saccharine , Monsanto has undergone several evolutions of its own .
The company spends an estimated $ 2 million a day on agriculture research and development -- more than any other company .
It employs about 400 scientists in four St. Louis - area research facilities , applying an array of new technologies to plant genetics , with a goal of doubling yields in major crops , such as corn and soybeans , between now and 2030 .
“ If we do that successfully , it wo n’t just be good for Monsanto , it will be good for the world , ” Fraley said .
As it positions itself to be a leader in advancing a global fight against hunger , Monsanto has started working with nonprofit organizations in poor nations , donating research and genetics to help needy farmers .
The moves run parallel to Monsanto ’s commercial sales of high - priced seeds and agricultural chemicals to farmers in wealthy nations , which has made the company a darling of Wall Street and helped it post record net sales of $ 11.7 billion and net income of $ 2.1 billion for fiscal 2009 .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture and governments around the world are encouraging Monsanto -- as well as rivals DuPont , Dow Chemical , BASF and other corporate interests -- to work with academics , foundations and public institutions on how to increase food production globally .
Drought - tolerant crops , particularly corn , are high on the agenda amid concerns about a changing climate .
Improved wheat is also a major goal .
Corn and wheat account for about 40 percent of the world ’s food and 25 percent of calories consumed in developing countries , and millions of people get more than half of their daily calories from corn and wheat alone , according to the United Nations ’ Food and Agriculture Organization .
“ We want to encourage the private sector to help shape research .
These are important issues for all Americans and the world , ” said Roger Beachy , President Barack Obama ’s newly appointed director of the U.S. National Institute of Food and Agriculture .
Critics say the nonprofit work is a way for Monsanto to get even the world ’s poorest farmers hooked on pricey patented seed technology .
But Monsanto and biotech supporters say it is the only way to grow enough food to feed a world population expected to hit 9.4 billion by 2050 .
“ Global ag production must grow by 70 percent by 2050 , and it will have to come out of increased yields because there is only a minimal amount of new land that can be put into production without environmental problems , ” said Mary Boote , executive director of an industry group called the Truth About Trade and Technology .
“ Biotechnology has to be one of the tools we use . ”
MAIZE FOR AFRICA
Monsanto ’s humanitarian work in Mexico , Africa , India and elsewhere is still in the early stages .
One of its largest projects is participation in the development of a type of maize -- a major food source for 300 million Africans -- that grows better in drought - prone areas of the continent .
“ Drought is at the top of the list as a challenge for farmers there , ” said Natalie DiNicola , director of global development partnerships for Monsanto .
Monsanto is working with African researchers in a partnership launched in March 2008 with funding from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Howard Buffett Foundation .
The company is donating some of its genetic “ markers ” and other breeding resources .
Five African nations -- Uganda , Kenya , Mozambique , South Africa and Tanzania -- are testing sites .
The work comes at a time of “ tremendous need ” for African farmers , who sometimes suffer complete crop failures due to drought , said Daniel Mataruka , executive director of the Kenya - based African Agricultural Technology Foundation .
“ The strategy of the whole project is to ensure there is yield stability ... that there is some kind of yield , ” Mataruka said .
Along with helping poor farmers obtain better seeds , the project is also educating and assisting them in proper use of fertilizers and land management .
While Monsanto ’s short - term goal is “ global good , ” the company hopes that eventually the farmers it helps will become commercial customers .
“ There is an absolute need to help these farmers ... make them more food - secure and help them climb out of poverty , ” said DiNicola .
“ We would hope that projects like this one and others are going to lift them out of poverty enough that someday the market is working and they can become customers for us . ”
The company ’s work on drought - tolerant crops for African farmers dovetails with research for a commercial drought - tolerant corn that Monsanto hopes to have on the market by 2012 .
Racing rival DuPont , which also is developing a drought - tolerant corn , Monsanto is experimenting with a number of gene combinations to stimulate greater photosynthesis , improve root structures , and enhance other characteristics so the transgenic corn can yield more kernels with less water .
Keywords : FOOD / MONSANTO
DARK HISTORY
But even as Monsanto steps up its humanitarian efforts , the company faces a host of hurdles , not the least of which is its own image .
Dubbed “ Mon -Satan ” by some detractors , the company has garnered criticism for many of its products , policies and promises -- and its humanitarian effort is no different .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ Monsanto is merely trying to hide its profit motive behind a mask of altruism , ” said Andrew Kimbrell , executive director of the Center for Food Safety , a private advocacy group .
“ Monsanto has a long history of putting profit before the welfare of people and communities . ”
Before it turned to seed technology , Monsanto was primarily a purveyor of chemicals , including the infamous Agent Orange herbicide blamed for widespread health problems during its use by the military in the Vietnam War .
Then there was Alabama , where the company operated a plant making polychlorinated biphenyls , or PCBs .
Monsanto closed the plant in 1971 , before PCBs were banned for being linked to a range of health problems .
But thousands of residents living near the plant alleged their health and homes were ruined by PCB contamination and sued Monsanto .
The company spun off its chemical assets related to the litigation , but ultimately was hit with $ 600 million in damages .
Monsanto has also faced criticism over its Roundup herbicide , which it continues to sell today , although profits are waning .
Roundup is the world ’s top - selling weed killer , but critics charge that its widespread use has prompted the emergence around the world of “ super weeds . ”
They also contend Roundup residue in plants and in the soil can be harmful .
The company also has been accused of falsely representing the product as environmentally friendly .
France ’s highest court last month found that Monsanto had engaged in false advertising for claiming its herbicide was biodegradable .
Monsanto said the ruling did not question the safety of its herbicides , or their customer benefits , and was merely about the “ use and possible interpretation of language in a specific advertisement . ”
Critics say that , just as Monsanto insisted that its chemicals were safe , the company claims its genetically engineered crops are safe .
Many consumer and environmental groups around the world say disrupting DNA in plants is harmful to human health and disruptive to nature .
Monsanto ’s products are banned in many parts of Europe and elsewhere .
The U.S. government does not independently test genetically modified crops for safety , and researchers differ on whether there might be negative health consequences to animals and people .
Monsanto says legitimate science supports its position that its products are safe , and officials say pressing needs for sustainable agriculture and higher - yielding harvests make old arguments over genetic modification obsolete .
But Monsanto - bashing is not limited to what its detractors call “ Frankenfood . ”
Even critics who are n’t against biotech crops say Monsanto has gained a monopoly in the seed industry , charging farmers exorbitant prices and stalking and suing producers who do n’t pay up .
“ Monsanto has demonstrated itself to be greedy and they have a credibility problem , ” said Fred Stockes , executive director of the Organization for Competitive Markets , a nonprofit group focused on ensuring competitive agricultural markets .
“ Now they are trying to cast themselves as a leader in the Green Revolution .
That rings very hollow . ”
Monsanto has acknowledged the U.S. Justice Department has been asking questions about its role in the seed industry amid allegations about its market dominance , but the company has said such criticism is without merit .
Given its history , Monsanto ’s motives are likely to be questioned again and again .
“ All we can do is look at the past and see what they ’ve done so far , and the balance sheet on Monsanto does not give you lots of reasons for hope , ” says Michael Pollan , an author of several books on food and agricultural practices .
HIGH -TECH TOOLS
But , for all its controversies , Monsanto continues to dominate the marketplace and its technological advancements in key crops are winning over more and more farmers .
As the leader of the nascent biotech crop movement -- Monsanto launched the world ’s first genetically modified crop in 1996 -- it has used a variety of techniques over the years to tinker with the genes of crops , transferring genes between species of plants , animals and other organisms .
The current “ tool ” of choice is an agrobacterium that has the ability to transfer DNA between itself and plants .
To genetically alter corn , researchers insert desired DNA from a different plant species or organism into the agrobacterium and then combine that in a petri dish with corn cells .
Thousands of these tiny starter cells line Monsanto ’s laboratory shelves , accomplishing in minutes breeding that previously took months or years to achieve .
“ We are in the golden age of the biological sciences , ” said Robert Thompson , a professor of agricultural policy at the University of Illinois , who is familiar with Monsanto ’s work .
“ Genetic engineering significantly increases the efficiency of research . ”
The company ’s labs also sport “ near - infrared ” technology , using laser light to scan soybean seeds and gauge soy content and other characteristics .
And a newly patented set of seed “ chippers ” is being used to rapidly trim flecks of soybean and corn seeds and mechanically position them for testing , so that , throughout the system , Monsanto scientists can glean results from 100,000 seeds a day .
The company hopes its work will be further bolstered through an investment announced in August in Pacific Biosciences of California for development of a new DNA sequencing system for genetic analysis .
Monsanto also is opening its first research center in China as a base for collaborations with Chinese scientists .
The company said on November 4 that the Beijing research center would focus on early - stage bioinformatics and genomics research .
It adds to the company ’s research centers in the United States , Brazil and India .
“ We ’re entering a really phenomenal decade , ” said Robert Reiter , Monsanto ’s vice president of breeding technology .
“ We see a line of sight to really advance to new levels of ( food ) productivity . ”
The company has started taking this message directly to the countryside , hauling a mobile technology unit by semi- trailer from farm town to farm town around the United States to educate farmers about the future of seed technology .
Supporters of biotech crops say education is key to overcoming criticisms and expanding the world ’s food supply .
“ We have to at least double food production , and technology can make a big contribution .
If we do n’t do it , the downside is huge , ” said Clive James , director of the International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-Biotech Applications , which was founded by Borlaug and helps promote and track usage of biotech crops .
“ The best promise that the world has ... is to combine the best of conventional technology with the best of biotechnology so we can feed the world tomorrow , ” said James .
( Editing by Jim Impoco and Walter Bagley )
newsrelease Posted by Posted by Moira Peters on December 3 , 2009
Not reviewed by Media Co-op editors .
copyedited fact checked [ ? ] reviewed by Media Co-op editors .
CIDA Cuts to KAIROS Will Devastate Human Rights Work Overseas
by KAIROS
December 2 , 2009
Toronto–
The Canadian government ’s decision to cut funding to KAIROS : Canadian Ecumenical Justice Initiatives will have a devastating impact on KAIROS ’ overseas partners and the thousands of marginalized people in local communities they support , KAIROS announced today .
KAIROS , a church based non-governmental organization that represents seven of Canada ’s largest denominations , works on a range of social justice issues , including human rights in Africa , Asia , Latin America and the Middle East .
An official from CIDA called KAIROS executive director Mary Corkery on Monday afternoon , November 30 , to inform her that CIDA would no longer fund KAIROS .
Corkery was told that KAIROS no longer fits CIDA priorities .
No other explanation or information was provided .
KAIROS ’ current contract with CIDA expired in September , but it had received an extension until November 30 , the day it was informed of the cuts .
“ We are disheartened that this longstanding relationship and decades of support by the Canadian government has been ended , ” says Corkery .
“ KAIROS and the millions of Canadians we represent through our member churches and organizations do not understand why these cuts have been made . "
In a message to Bev Oda , Minister for International Cooperation , requesting an explanation , Corkery writes , “ I know of no precedent for the Canadian International Development Agency ending a decades - long funding relationship with a major Canadian organization without notice in writing , with no reason and no transition plan . "
The CIDA - funded overseas program received matching financial support from KAIROS ’ member churches , church - related organizations and other donors .
Since 1973 , KAIROS , and the church coalitions from which it was formed eight years ago , had received funding from CIDA to support partners working in regions experiencing some of the world ’s most egregious human rights violations .
KAIROS ’ work is highly regarded in Canada and overseas .
As the November 30 deadline approached , KAIROS member churches , its partners and other organizations had been writing Minister Oda to request that she approve the KAIROS contract which has been sitting on her desk since July awaiting her signature .
One of those letters came from a Colombian group , the Organización Femenina Popular ( the Popular Women ’s Group ) , which has been awaiting CIDA funding through KAIROS .
" As you know , we work in regions in Colombia where armed conflict has resulted in the denial of women ’s basic rights .
The economic support from KAIROS and CIDA permits us to implement programs which include legal and health services , community kitchens , and other humanitarian assistance that have saved many lives and given possibilities and opportunities to hundreds of women , mothers , wives , daughters , sisters and entire families , ” Yolanda Becerra Vega , OFP Director General wrote to Bev Oda on Monday .
“ In addition to the impact overseas , these cuts are a loss for Canadians , ” says Corkery .
“ KAIROS educates Canadians across the country about Canada ’s work for international development .
Our work in Canada and overseas expresses Canadian values in upholding human rights , and is informed by excellent analysis of our partners in the Global South . "
The KAIROS contract that just expired received a positive audit and excellent CIDA evaluation this year .
KAIROS submitted its new program proposal for 2009 - 2013 to CIDA in March 2009 .
It went through a lengthy approval process within CIDA up until the Minister ’s level and has been waiting for approval from the Minister since July 2009 .
The government ’s decision comes a week after 57 people were massacred in politically motivated killings in the Philippines , including two lawyers from a human rights organization supported by KAIROS , and just days before Prime Minister Stephen Harper heads to China .
Media contact :
Adiat Junaid
Communications Program Coordinator
KAIROS : Canadian Ecumenical Justice Initiatives
( 416 ) 463 5312 , ext. 223
1 877 403 8933 , ext. 223
ajunaid@kairoscanada.org
www.kairoscanada.org
Socialize :
Join the Media Co-op today .
Want more grassroots coverage ?
591 words
The latest Rasmussen poll in the US shows a majority of people now believe the science on global warming is not settled , and only 25 % of those surveyed believe a ' consensus ' really exists .
The poll also shows 59 % of people say it is at least somewhat likely that " scientists have falsified research data to support their own theories and beliefs about global warming .
Thirty - five percent ( 35 % ) say it 's Very Likely .
Just 26 % say it 's not very or not at all likely that some scientists falsified data . "
As the Rasmussen report makes clear , the poll results are in sharp contrast with statements from politicians :
But just in the last few days , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs seemed to reject any such disagreement in a response to a question about global warming , " I do n't think … [ global warming ] is quite , frankly , among most people , in dispute anymore . "
Similar noises have been made in New Zealand by the Government 's climate gnome Nick Smith , which illustrates that politicians have blinded themselves to the public mood , possibly to their own downfall .
Although the new poll does not attribute blame for this massive shift in public perceptions to Climategate …
This skepticism does not appear to be the result of the recent disclosure of e-mails confirming such data falsification as part of the so - called " Climategate " scandal .
Just 20 % of Americans say they 've followed news reports about those e-mails Very Closely , while another 29 % have followed them Somewhat Closely .
That 's a lower level of interest than has been shown about the White House party crashers and suggests that Americans have had their doubts about the science of global warming for some time .
… Personally I think that is even more significant : if public feelings about climate change and science can be this negative before the real impact of Climategate percolates through the community ( and that will take a number of weeks ) , then I think it is safe to conclude the one world government nutters are buying themselves a massive fight if they and the gullible politicians they are leading by the nose try to ram their daft ideas through after Copenhagen .
Other main points from Rasmussen :
Even as Obama and senior members of Congress are pushing major anti-global warming initiatives , Americans overwhelmingly believe they should focus on the economy instead .
Seventy - one percent ( 71 % ) say the bigger priority for U.S. national leaders is stimulating the economy to create jobs .
Only 15 % say they should focus instead on stopping global warming to save the environment .
Forty - four percent ( 44 % ) of U.S. voters see a conflict between economic growth and environmental protection , although 31 % disagree .
Forty - seven percent ( 47 % ) say global warming is caused primarily by long - term planetary trends , not human activity .
Obama , Vice President Al Gore and other climate change activists believe human activity is the chief culprit .
Voters express mixed feeling about the bill aimed at fighting global warming that is now working its way through Congress , but by more than two - to - one they say it will hurt the economy rather than help it .
Most voters also think the news media makes global warming look worse than it really is .
As for Gore , despite winning both the Nobel Peace Prize and an Academy Award for his advocacy of efforts to fight global warming , only 31 % of Americans consider him an expert on the topic .
The UN is another leading advocate for major anti-global warming initiatives , but just 29 % of voters see that organization as an ally of the United States , while 15 % regard it as an enemy .
For 47 % , the UN falls somewhere in between .
Mahmoud Abbas 's presidential term expired earlier this year
The Islamist movement Hamas has told Palestinians in the Gaza Strip not to take part in elections called by Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas .
Hamas said the elections set for 24 January had been called without its agreement and were illegal .
It said anyone in Gaza who co-operated with the poll would be " dealt with by the ministry or by other means " .
Hamas drove Mr Abbas 's Fatah party out of Gaza in 2007 and the two factions remain bitter rivals .
January 's proposed parliamentary and presidential vote would mark the end of the four - year term of the Palestinian Legislative Council .
Mr Abbas 's presidential term expired earlier this year but he has continued in the absence of elections .
' Shadow boxing '
" The government in the Gaza Strip rejects the principle of holding elections in the Gaza Strip because it comes without an agreement and was announced by a president whose presidency has ended its term , " said the Hamas interior ministry statement .
Hamas also said it would not permit the Central Election Commission ( CEC ) - which has five offices in Gaza - to operate in the enclave .
The 2006 elections saw Hamas triumph over Fatah and the two groups formed a unity government .
However , a subsequent power struggle led to the government 's collapse .
Hamas seized control of Gaza , while Fatah still dominates Palestinian political life in the West Bank .
Egypt has recently tried to broker a unity deal between the two factions , but Hamas has so far refused to sign up to the plans .
The most recent opinion polls suggest that support for Hamas has sagged badly , the BBC's Tim Franks reports from Jerusalem .
Our correspondent says this latest spat over the election date could be shadow boxing but , at the least , it shines a light on the depth of dislike between the two main Palestinian factions .
Hi , I ’m Mark Nottingham .
I currently co-chair the IETF HTTP and QUIC Working Groups , and am a member of the Internet Architecture Board .
I usually write here about the Web , protocol design , HTTP , and caching .
Find out more .
Will HTTP /2.0 Happen After All ?
A couple of nights ago , I had a casual chat with Google ’s Mike Belshe , who gave me a preview of how their “ Let ’s make the Web faster ” effort looks at HTTP itself .
SP DY ( nee FLIP ) is an alternate application protocol that ’s in Chromium , but buried so deeply that you have to enable it with a command - line option ( — use - flip ) .
AFAICT there are n’t even any public servers that support it yet , but it ’s still a very exciting development .
Why ?
In a nutshell , it ’s a binary , frame - based protocol for multiplexing bidirectional data streams over TCP ( to start with ) .
See flip_protocol.h for an idea of what it looks like , as well as the whitepaper .
HTTP ’s Limits
HTTP - over - TCP has some pretty basic limits ; most seriously , you can practically only have one request or response in flight on a connection at the same time .
Pipelining was designed to alleviate this , but at best it ’s only a partial fix ( head - of - line blocking is still an issue ) , and implementation problems means it ’s almost unusable on the open Web ( although Serf has had success in using pipelining in Subversion ) .
It also ca n’t be used for methods like POST , which is important for interactive applications .
This drives people to use multiple , parallel TCP connections — something that we ’ve accommodated in HTTP bis by lifting the two - connection limit for clients .
However , that ’s not a great solution either ; TCP does n’t allow you to share connection state between them , which brings problems when dealing with congestion .
What about WAKA ?
These problems are well - known and have been discussed for years , all the way back to HTTP - NG , WebMUX and other efforts .
More recently , Roy Fielding has been working behind the scenes on WAKA , with similar goals .
So similar that I had to smile when Belshe explained what they were doing ; it ’s very similar to how Roy explains WAKA ’s use of the transport .
However , I would n’t say that SPDY is competing with WAKA — yet .
Belshe goes out of his way to point out that SPDY is more about doing real - world experimentation rather than saying “ this is the protocol we ’ll use . ”
In his words ;
We ’re hoping to put theories to the test ; while many of the ideas are not new , we ’re aggregating them , making them cooperate together , implementing them , and then measuring them .
We hope that others will appreciate and expand this effort so that we can all evolve toward a protocol we think is universally better in a relatively quick timeframe .
In other words , they seem to be positioning this as input to the eventual design of HTTP / 2.0 , WAKA or whatever , rather than a browser - specific push to define a new protocol alone .
… and the IETF
The other interesting aspect , of course , is the relationship to WebSockets , especially since there was a pretty strong sense in the IETF earlier this week in Hiroshima that a Working Group to standardise it should be started .
if SPDY really does eventually follow the path of WAKA , it could be that some HTTP - like use cases that people have planned for WebSockets may have another outlet instead .
Finally , you might ask what bearing this has on our efforts in HTTPbis .
Right now , the answer is “ nothing ” , in that we ’re chartered explicitly NOT to create a new version of HTTP .
However , I think that our work — especially in splitting up the spec ( a decision driven by Roy a long time ago ) — will help any eventual successor protocol , whether it be WAKA , SPDY , their child or something completely different .
That ’s because the minimum bar to entry for replacing HTTP / 1.1 is to exactly support its semantics and capabilities , while making it more efficient .
The fact that all of the wire - level goop in HTTP is now moving to a single , separate document helps that .
The last thing that I ’d mention is that when we started HTTP bis a couple of years ago , there was a strong sentiment against creating a new protocol , both because of the can of worms it would open , and because of deployment problems in doing so .
However , I ’ve recently heard many people complaining about the limitations of HTTP over TCP , and it seems that one way or another , we ’re going to start tackling that problem soon .
First words
Voltaire was the wittiest writeer in an age of great wits , and " Candide " is his wittiest novel .
The subject he chose to exercise his wit upon in this novel is one which conceerns all of us ; surprisingly enough , that subject is the problem of suffering .
However much we may try to avoid the problem , we are all confronted at some time with this difficulty , that the Creator has made a universe where suffering abounds .
If the Creator is good and all - powerful , as we are told he is , could he not have made a better world ?
If he could , what prevented him ?
If he could not , can we still believe that he is good and all - powerful ?
Can we indeed believe in him at all ?
Or if we do , can we believe that he is at all concerned with men and their sufferings ?
In times of widespread disasters such questioning becomes more general and more urgent .
We are living in such times ; and so was Voltaire .
[ Butt 's introduction ]
There lived in Westphalia , at the country seat of Baron Thunder - ten - tronckh , a young lad blessed by Nature with the most agreeable manners .
You could read his character in his face .
He combined sound judgment with unaffected simplicity ; and that , I suppose , was why he was called Candide .
The old family servants suspected that he was the son of the Baron 's sisteer by a worthy gentleman of that neighbourhood , whom the young lady would never agree to marry because he could only claim seventy - one quarterings , the rest of his family tree having suffered from the ravages of time .
[ Butt 's translation ]
In the castle of Baron Thunder - ten - tronckh in Westphalia there lived a youth , endowed by Nature with the most gentle character .
As a youngster , I was often told that if I dug a hole deep enough , I would eventually find myself in China .
I tried “ digging a hole to China ” a couple times , but I ’d always give up as soon as my shovel would hit the bottom of the sandbox .
Needless to say , I was not bright as a little boy .
Through the magic of the internets , we ’re now easily able to discover just where we ’d pop out if we really dug a hole through the center of the Earth .
This map is handy for finding out a rough approximation of the antipodal ( opposite ) point of any place in the world , while this one is better for a bit more precision .
So if you were to dig a hole to the exact opposite side of the Earth , would you really end up in China ?
Not unless you live in certain parts of Chile or Argentina .
In my case , I ’d need to bring my swimming trunks , and so would almost all residents of the continental US , as we ’d end up in the Indian Ocean between southern Africa and Australia .
Somehow , the phrase “ dig a hole to somewhere between southern Africa and Australia ” just does n’t work .
But if you do dig a hole to China , you might expect to see… .
% Gallery - 14290 %
To hear the right - wing crowd , you would think Bill Ayers and President Barack Obama were joined at the hip .
Who could forget Sarah Palin 's charge that Obama was " palin ' around with terrorists " ?
Well , goodbye to all that .
The 1960s Weather Underground radical - turned - University - of - Illinois professor sounds as steamed up against Obama as he used to feel about President Richard Nixon .
The reason , once again , is a presidential escalation of a faraway war .
As a contemporary of Ayers who covered the Underground 's breakaway from the old Students for a Democratic Society for alternative newspapers in 1969 ( The Tribune did n't want to give the radicals any " publicity " in those days unless it came from the Chicago Police " Red Squad . " ) , I feel some of his pain .
A lot of us boomers thought our generation had learned by now how to avoid unnecessary wars .
Iraq and the Bush administration showed we did n't .
For whatever reason , the French newspaper , Liberation , chose to recall a grim event last week .
On February 4 , 1912 Franz Reichelt , also known as the ‘ flying tailor , ’ put on his contraption — a homemade outfit designed to work like a parachute — went up to the first observation level of the Eiffel Tower , hesitated … then stepped over the rail and jumped .
Alas , he did not fly .
Nor even float .
He fell " like a stone , " the paper reported .
Immortality was achieved , but not the way he had hoped .
His stunt was captured by the new motion picture technology of the time .
That silent film inspired the very popular Jackass videos , which show people engaged in reckless acts of mischief and mortality .
But we do not have to go to YouTube to enjoy the Jackass genre .
We have only to read the news .
All over the world the authorities are strapping on their absurd parachutes … and climbing to very high places .
In Europe , banks borrowed 442 billion euros last month from the European Central Bank .
Much of it is lent back to European governments .
In America , stimulus funds are used to fix public toilets , as well as to repair Wall Street ’s balance sheets .
Trillions of dollars have been put at risk in these adventures — $ 23 trillion in the United States alone .
And yet , despite the most daring experiment in stimulus ever , by the end of June , the British economy was 5.6 % smaller than it had been a year before , paralleling the decline that followed the crash of ’ 29 .
As for the United States …we await the figures …
The New Empire of Debt ... Will Bonner , Addison W... Best Price : $ 1.03 Buy New $ 3.00 ( as of 04:30 EST - Details )
On the evidence , stimulus programs are n’t working .
In fact , where they are tried the most they work the least .
For proof , we go to Stimulation Nation itself .
From America last week came news that new house sales had finally turned up .
They were up 11 % in June , according to the papers .
That was the monthly figure .
According to the annual numbers , they were down 21 % from the year before — at the second lowest since they began counting in 1963 .
And since the population is much bigger than it was 52 years ago , this was relatively the worst June in history for new house sales .
And now that the economy is in a slump , the rate of new household formation has been cut in half .
Faced with lower incomes and worsening jobs prospects , people are less eager to set up new households — reducing the demand for new houses .
Unemployment shows no sign of improving , either .
The stimulus program was supposed to cap joblessness at 8 % .
Officially , the rate is now 9.5 % .
Economist David Rosenberg puts the real unemployment rate almost twice that high .
And businesses are cutting jobs even faster than expected .
But firms are not only laying off redundant workers ; they are laying off workers who would normally be spared .
What ’s more , those who are left are working the shortest weeks ever recorded .
In the past , workers were quick to move to where the jobs were .
The Sun Belt traditionally bounced back first .
But Florida , California , Arizona and Nevada have been flattened even more than the rest of the nation — by record foreclosures , government cutbacks and bankruptcies .
Now , the jobless stay put…and stay unemployed .
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
Currently , the excess capacity in the United States is staggering — both in labor and capital .
Capacity utilization is only 65 % ; in theory , output can increase 35 % before any new capital investments are made .
Recovery ?
" Forget it , " says Rosenberg .
Now that the facts are out of the way , we end our critique of stimulus …and turn to laugh at the stimulators .
" Madmen in authority , who hear voices in the air , are distilling their frenzy from some academic scribbler of a few years back , " wrote John Maynard Keynes .
And now it is Keynes ’ voice they hear .
" We are all Keynesians now , " said Richard Nixon as he strapped on a crash helmet .
Keynes probably got the idea of a counter - cyclical stimulus in Bible class .
And a good idea it was .
Simple … intuitively correct … practically demonstrated … and theoretically sound .
But he and his followers still managed to screw it up .
First , Keynes ’ General
Theory is no theory at all …at least not in the scientific sense .
It ca n’t be tested .
The results are n’t reproducible .
Instead , it ’s merely an idea about how things should work , based on an Old Testament story .
Pharaoh had a dream .
He dreamt he saw seven fat cows devoured by seven scrawny , misbegotten cows .
He did n’t know what the dream meant , so he called for a young Hebrew man who had interpreted dreams for his master .
Joseph told Pharaoh that Egypt was to enjoy seven years of abundance followed by seven years of famine .
He told him what he should do about it too .
He should store all the grain he could from the fat years … so he could pass it out when the going got tough .
This is a story we all know .
It is easy to tell and easy to understand .
But modern economists twisted it as though it were an inflation statistic .
They maintain that when the business cycle turns down , it ’s just like a drought .
And they can counteract the effect of the drought by giving the economy stimulus — liquidity — from the public sector .
Trouble is , they missed the point completely .
Do you recall any public official urging the public to stop spending so much in the bubble years ?
Do you remember any Treasury Secretary or Fed Chairman suggesting that the U.S. government run real budget surpluses in the fat years ?
Does any headline from any paper in the nation mention a storeroom in which grain or treasure was stored for the lean years ?
Not at all !
Instead , the feds encouraged people to eat their grain !
Governments ran deficits even during the bubble years , with the biggest deficit in history in 2008 , just as the lean years began .
Now they have no real grain to offer .
So they turn to a reckless , disaster - defying stunt — passing out phony money , like sawdust muffins …
Future generations will watch the video and laugh until their stomachs hurt .
Bill Bonner [ send him mail ] is the author , with Addison Wiggin , of Financial Reckoning Day : Surviving the Soft Depression of The 21st Century and Empire of Debt : The Rise Of An Epic Financial Crisis and the co-author with Lila Rajiva of Mobs , Messiahs and Markets ( Wiley , 2007 ) .
The Best of Bill Bonner
The Best of Bill Bonner
Web site design and hosting provided by MSW Interactive Designs LLC .
We put the web to work for you !
Copyright 2006 - 2014 .
The Brickskeller .
All rights reserved worldwide .
The headquarters for the American military 's air war in Central Asia and the Middle East is located in a converted medical warehouse on an undisclosed base in a country the U.S. Air Force would rather not name .
The lights are turned down low , so the troops can clearly see the giant screen at the far end of the in this cavernous , classified facility .
On that glowing screen is a digital map of Afghanistan , showing the position of every U.S. Air Force drone , every fighter jet , every bomber and every tanker aircraft with a teal dot .
Most of the dots are positioned near the hotspots of the Afghanistan war – places like Kandahar , Helmand and Nangarhar provinces .
But there are three dots , representing Air Force unmanned aerial vehicles , that are n't above Afghanistan at all .
These dots have moved to the east of the Afghan border ; these drones are flying missions over Pakistan .
Over the past year and a half , the United States has stepped up drone strikes against militants in Pakistan – killing as many as a thousand people , by some estimates .
Press accounts have largely credited the Central Intelligence Agency with running these missions .
Government officials have refused to speak in public about drone attacks , just as they routinely rebuff any attempt to probe into the CIA 's operations .
" I 'm not going to comment on any particular tactic or technology , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recently told a group of Pakistani journalists .
But the U.S. Air Force also plays an important role in the drone missions over Pakistan , according to current and former American military officials , and judging from what I saw at that undisclosed location .
The military supplies the aircraft .
It monitors the flights in and out of Pakistan .
And , on occasion , Air Force pilots remotely fly their own drone missions over Pakistan .
On that digital map are the far end of the warehouse , there 's a note reminding troops exactly how much notice they must give before U.S. military planes enter Pakistani airspace .
U.S. military drones began flying over Pakistan soon after the invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 .
" I dealt with the Pakistani air chief from the beginning , " says a former senior military officer .
" At times , we operated a bit out of Pakistan . "
Today , those missions have become a regular occurrence .
The U.S. Air Force has a fleet of Predator and heavily - armed Reaper drones , stationed at Kandahar and Jalalabad Air Fields in Afghanistan .
All of these robotic aircraft are allowed to venture occasionally into Pakistani airspace to pursue militants .
The government in Islamabad just has to be notified first .
Some of the Predators also fly into Pakistan on operations in conjunction with or in support of Islamabad 's military .
These missions are remotely flown by U.S. Air Force pilots at Creech Air Force Base , Nevada ; the footage is shared with the Pakistani government , including at joint coordination centers on the border .
In addition , some of the Predators and Reapers are placed under the operational control of the CIA , which uses them to conduct their own strike and surveillance missions .
Some of those drones take off from Jalalabad , others from within Pakistan itself , at a remote base called Shamshi .
According to the New York Times , those aircraft are operated out of CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia .
The private security firm Blackwater , now known as " Xe , " provides local security for the robotic aircraft , and helps assemble the drones ' arrays of Hellfire missiles and 500 - pound bombs .
Those munitions are then unleashed during strikes on suspected militants , targeted by a combination of informants ' tips , radio intercepts and overhead surveillance .
Al Qaeda claims that cheap , battery - sized infrared beacons are handed out to local agents , who then use them to signal for drones to attack .
From what I can tell , these CIA missions comprise the bulk of the drone flights over Pakistan .
And the military has , at times , encouraged the notion that operating the unmanned aircraft was the spy agency 's job .
" The overwhelming bulk of all activity in Afghanistan since the first U.S. forces went in have been basically under the control of the Central Command , " then - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld told reporters in 2002 .
" An exception has been the armed Predators , which are CIA - operated . "
But while the CIA 's drone flights are kept largely compartmentalized from the U.S. military 's efforts in Afghanistan , there is overlap between the two .
The Air Force has a total of 39 " orbits , " or air patrols , currently operating in Central Asia and the Middle East .
The CIA draws its Predators and Reapers from this pool of military drones .
" There are 39 orbits , that 's it .
No wink , wink , " a military officer says .
No matter who controls the mission , some airmen at the undisclosed base 's warehouse - turned - war - room are aware of every flight , at least in general terms .
The officers there at the Combined Air & Space Operations Center , or CAOC , need to have a basic idea of where every aircraft is , to keep them from crashing into one another in mid-air .
That 's simple air traffic control , just like in the civilian world .
Because the drones can fire missiles and bombs from miles away , there needs to be an added layer of monitoring .
" You have to know where every bomb went , and where every bomb is supposed to go , " a former senior military official says .
" No one is just gonna allow the expenditure of ordnance out of the wild blue yonder . "
It 's one of the many ways in which the air wars in Afghanistan and Pakistan are linked .
Ironically , these two connected air campaigns are almost mirror images of one another .
On one side of the border , there 's an influx of tens of thousands of U.S. troops ; on the other , American boots on the ground have been largely forbidden , except for a handful of trainers from special forces .
So instead , America uses a fleet of robotic aircraft , to avoid the prohibition against flesh - and - blood troops .
In Afghanistan , airstrikes have been strictly limited , to minimize casualties .
In Pakistan – if news accounts about those assaults are even remotely accurate – the attacks are far , far more deadly .
According to an analysis of public reports by the New America Foundation , 82 U.S. drone attacks in Pakistan since 2006 " have killed between 750 and 1,000 people . "
Up to 320 of those may have been civilians .
The Long War Journal , examining the same records , calculates that 447 people have been killed in 42 reported drone strikes during the first nine months of 2009 .
The website estimates that only 10 percent of those deaths have been innocents .
But since the Pakistani government bans reporters and aid organizations from the tribal lands , where the majority of drone strikes have been reported , no one can say for sure how many have really been killed by the unmanned attackers .
The drone strikes in Pakistan have been widely credited with taking out senior leaders of both the Pakistani Taliban and Al Qaeda .
But they 've also come under increasing criticism , as a secret extension of the war in Central Asia fought under uncertain authority and with questionable morality .
It was n't long ago that the United States condemned Israel for its " targeted killings " of Palestinian terrorists .
Now , the U.S. pursues a similar tactic in its campaign against Al Qaeda .
" The things we were complaining about from Israel a few years ago we now embrace , " Georgetown University Law Center professor Gary Solis recently told the New Yorker .
A week before the 9/11 attacks , then - CIA chief George Tenet argued that it would be " a terrible mistake " for " the Director of Central Intelligence to fire a weapon " like the Predator .
Seven years later , current CIA director Leon Panetta says the drones are " the only game in town in terms of confronting or trying to disrupt the Al Qaeda leadership . "
Recently , President Obama authorized a widening of the drone war in Pakistan .
" Even more operations targeting terrorism safe havens , " one American official tells the New York Times .
" More people , more places , more operations . "
It 's not clear if the U.S. military will join the CIA in this expanded campaign .
Photo : Noah Shachtman
ALSO :
Cells from Mr Turnbull 's good eye were transplanted into his damaged one A man partially blinded in an attack on Tyneside has praised scientists who restored his vision using stem cells .
Russell Turnbull , 38 , lost the sight in one eye in 1994 when he was squirted with ammonia after intervening in an argument on a bus in Newcastle .
He was left with Limbal Stem Cell Deficiency ( LSCD ) , a painful condition which requires constant treatment .
He said the Newcastle University team which developed the treatment had " transformed his life " .
The method involves taking a small amount of stem cells from a patient 's good eye , cultivating them in a laboratory , and implanting them into the damaged cornea .
Mr Turnbull , from Consett , County Durham , was treated at Newcastle 's Royal Victoria Infirmary ( RVI ) .
He said : " I had a lot of anger inside me for a long time after the attack .
I lost my job because of it and I had always been a keen jet skier , which I was n't able to do .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It ruined my life and I went through a really difficult time .
But then this treatment came along .
I can't thank the staff at the RVI enough .
" This has transformed my life .
My eye is almost as good as it was before the accident .
I 'm working , I can go jet skiing again and I also ride horses .
I have my life back thanks to the operation . "
He is one of of eight patients who successfully underwent the treatment developed at the North East England Stem Cell Institute ( NESCI ) .
It is hoped that the technique could eventually be rolled out into clinics .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Like many of you , I supported a public insurance option to increase competition .
I ’m disappointed that provision is n’t in this bill .
But what is in this bill is a significant step toward our goal of universal coverage .
This bill will end annual and lifetime limits on the dollar value of your benefits .
Eliminating preexisting condition exclusions for all new medical plans and funding high - risk pools to insure those with preexisting conditions who are currently without insurance means Minnesotans wo n’t be locked in their jobs or afraid to start their own businesses for fear of losing coverage .
Requiring that 85 cents of every premium dollar go toward coverage will limit insurers ’ profits and skyrocketing insurance premiums .
These are all real , strong reforms that this bill enacts with the urgency this crisis demands .
Small businesses will immediately receive tax credits to make covering employees more affordable , and insurers will have to cover recommended preventive services at no cost to the patient .
Again , these changes take effect immediately .
In coming years , health insurance exchanges will be created to give more Americans access to affordable coverage .
For those who already have coverage , but live in fear that they 're just an illness or pink slip away from losing their health insurance , this bill provides the peace of mind that comes with access to secure , stable , affordable coverage .
These reforms are fiscally responsible and crucial to our long - term economic health .
By bringing down costs and focusing on prevention and high - value health care , more Americans will get screenings to prevent diseases before they become costly and disabling .
We ’ll also make providers accountable for making people healthier , rewarding them for efficient care .
In the end , this bill will save money and keep our country healthier while cutting the deficit by $ 132 billion in the first ten years and $ 650 billion in the second ten .
The plain simple truth is , because of this legislation crafted by Leader Reid and others in the Senate , 31 million more Americans will have affordable health insurance and the growth in health care costs for families will be dramatically diminished .
For those reasons and the many I outlined here , today I am proud to announce my strong support for this historic step toward universal health care in America .
Economists and stock bulls cheered this morning 's better - than - expected November employment report .
But was the data as good as it seemed ?
Consider the following :
Temporary jobs
Could the nine - month rally in share prices and the positive spin pouring out of Wall Street and Washington have encouraged some owners and managers , who are seeing little direct evidence of a rebound in the economy , to acquire what might be described as a labor call option -- that is , temporary staff ( a key factor in the overall increase ) ?
Otherwise , temporary employees accounted for 52,400 of the hefty 86,000 jump in the professional and business services category .
Might this reflect the fact that firms are temporarily taking on accountants , lawyers , and others who can help them further reduce costs ( e.g. , labor ) , restructure operations , and maybe even prepare for bankruptcy ?
Long - term unemployed
Today 's employment report revealed that the labor force participation rate dropped to 65 % , it 's lowest level in more than two decades ; the number of Americans who are unemployed over 26 weeks fell to a record 3.8 % of the civilian workforce ; and , the " underemployment " ratio improved only marginally , to 17.2 % .
Could this set of statistics be interpreted as a sign that employers do n't see enough good opportunities to justify taking risks as far as hiring is concerned ?
In other words , are they are sticking with the safe option -- the job market 's " known quantities " ( e.g. , those who are currently employed or who have n't been out of work too long ) ?
Category trends
While much of the focus was on the overall number , the breakdown by category was less reassuring .
Those areas of the economy that would naturally be associated with a sustainable rebound in activity , including manufacturing , trade , transportation and utilities , and construction , are still hemorrhaging jobs .
Moreover , recent developments suggest that two categories which did see respectable gains , education and health care , face major headwinds in the period ahead .
With municipal budgets under growing strain , school budgets -- and education - related hiring -- have nowhere to go but down .
And with all eyes now focused on the rising cost of health care , the pressure to reign in spending will only increase .
The Cannabis Cafe in Portland , Oregon , is the first to give people who have been prescribed marijuana by a doctor a place to get hold of the drug and smoke it , although they have to remain out of public view .
When Senator Al Franken ( D - MN ) this week denied Senator Joe Lieberman ’s ( I - CT ) request for more time to make his points on health care reform , he was blasted by Fox news who called him an “ angry comedian ” and berated him for mistreating the “ kind ” senator from Connecticut .
Conservative blogger Ann Althouse called it a “ dick move , ” and columnist and Fox News correspondent Michelle Malkin railed against “ Franken ’s little snit fit . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Franken ’s move instantly hit Senator John McCain ’s ( R - AZ ) concern trigger and , speaking right after Lieberman , he seemed outraged as he remarked , “ I ’ve been around here twenty - some years , first time I ’ve seen a member denied a minute or two to finish his remarks .
And I must say that I do n’t know what ’s happening here in this body , but I think it ’s wrong . ”
Well , it seems Senator McCain may have had a bit of a memory lapse .
As Faiz Shakir of Think Progress points out , in October of 2002 , McCain refused to grant just 30 seconds of extra time during the Iraq war debate to former Senator Mark Dayton ( D - MN ) .
MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow last night featured a segment with video , and the transcript from CSPAN ’s archives that does n’t show us John McCain denying another senator time to finish making a point during an important debate because mysteriously , the CSPAN video , Maddow explains “ It , it …it just goes to black . ”
The audio and the video just inexplicably go blank .
Luckily , as Maddow points out , we still know exactly what happens thanks to the transcripts .
An interesting aside : at about seven minutes into the Maddow Show video there is footage of an ailing 92 - year old Senator Byrd being wheeled into the Senate for a procedural vote , and the Republicans applauding him for being there .
Byrd however , was n’t pleased with having to be out of bed at that hour and begins to blast the GOP members crying “ Shame .
Shame . ”
The following YouTube video is footage from MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow Show that originally aired on Fri. , Dec. 18 , 2009 :
ADVERTISEMENT
Watch :
More California hotels are being pushed into foreclosure as tourists and businesses alike scale back their travel plans and owners are unable to pay their mortgages .
Statewide , more than 300 hotels were in foreclosure or default on their loans as of Sept. 30 -- a nearly fivefold increase since the start of the year , according to an industry report released Tuesday .
The list of troubled properties includes the St. Regis Monarch Beach in Dana Point , the downtown Los Angeles Marriott , the Sheraton Universal and the W hotel in San Diego .
Most struggling hotels remain open , but industry experts believe many properties are likely to be closed down in the months ahead , even if they are not in foreclosure , because they are losing so much money .
The owners of the renowned Quail Lodge Resort and Golf Club in Carmel , for example , plan to close the hotel Nov. 16 .
Advertisement
“ I have never seen so many lenders contemplating mothballing properties , ” said Jim Butler , a hotel lawyer and chairman of the global hospitality group for Jeffer , Mangels , Butler & Marmaro .
“ It can and it will get worse for the hotel industry . ”
The problem is not unique to California , but the effect is being felt especially hard here because of tourism ’s importance to the state .
In Southern California alone , there were at least 140 hotels in default or foreclosure in September , including 55 hotels in the Inland Empire , 33 in Los Angeles County and 30 in San Diego County , according to the report by Atlas Hospitality Group .
Statewide , 260 hotels were in default on their loans and 47 had been taken over by their lenders in foreclosure , the Atlas report said .
The industry ’s woes are compounded by the sour commercial real estate market , which has left many resort operators owing more than their properties are worth .
Even as they struggle to make payroll , scores of resorts and inns have given up on paying their mortgages , fueling the skyrocketing level of defaults .
Advertisement
“ It ’s a prolonged downturn , and it will be a long time before we get out of it , ” said hotel broker Alan X. Reay of Atlas Hospitality , who tracks foreclosures and defaults in the state .
Part of the problem is that unlike home loans , mortgages on larger hotels typically are supposed to be repaid in full after five to 10 years .
Many of them are coming due now .
But like their residential counterparts , many hotel owners refinanced their places at the top of the real estate market , often taking equity out of their properties .
So the loans are ballooning at just the time when there are few guests at the hotels , and the properties are worth little .
“ We expect this number to rise dramatically by the end of the year and into 2010 , because we ’re seeing so many hotels operating under forbearance , ” Reay said .
Industry leaders blame the slump on several factors , including loose lending and irrational exuberance during the boom , an increase in new hotel openings because of the easy money , and a dramatic drop in business travel .
Advertisement
Joseph McInerney , chief executive of the American Hotel and Lodging Assn. , tried to put a positive spin on the news , saying , “ I think we ’ve bottomed out . ”
But a leading hotel consulting firm , Smith Travel Research , recently issued a report that predicted no significant improvement for the hotel industry until 2011 at the earliest .
“ It ’s going to be a lot worse than it is now , ” said Bobby Bowers , senior vice president of Smith Travel Research .
Cities such as Las Vegas , San Francisco , New York and Los Angeles may have a harder time recovering , Bowers said , because businesses remain reluctant to budget for travel and entertainment in cities with reputations for lavish spending .
Advertisement
Bowers partly blamed this on the continuing backlash to news last year that giant insurer American International Group Inc. , teetering near collapse , had spent about $ 400,000 on a retreat at the St. Regis Monarch Beach after taking an $ 85 - billion federal bailout .
Reay said there were comments about this “ AIG effect ” at a conference he attended last week .
“ People were saying that if you ’ve got ‘ resort ’ in your name -- you ’re a golf resort , a spa , whatever -- you have to take it off , ” he said .
“ Because the business traveler is n’t going to get reimbursed unless it ’s just the plain Hilton hotel . ”
At local hotels , managers and owners say they have had to rely on deep discounts and promotional packages just to keep the doors open and staff employed .
Advertisement
“ Sometimes you have to do what you have to do , ” said Marc Loge , a spokesman for the Wilshire Grand hotel in L.A .
David Horowitz , general manager of the Hyatt Regency Century Plaza , said rate cuts and promotions had become almost standard .
“ We do have to make deals , ” he said .
“ We have to keep things going . ”
But an increasing number of hotels have so little revenue that they can’t even afford to pay their operating bills and payroll , not to mention servicing debt .
Owners of such hotels are increasingly handing the keys back to the lenders , and the problem is likely to get worse :
As many as 1 in 5 U.S. hotel loans may default through 2010 , UC Berkeley economist Kenneth Rosen said .
Advertisement
In some cases the lenders are simply locking up the properties , figuring they ’ll spend less money on watering the lawns and paying a few guards than they would on keeping the doors open .
A real estate investment trust that owns 40 upscale hotels in the U.S. recently announced plans to forfeit a 293 - room Marriott hotel at the airport in Ontario to the servicer overseeing the hotel ’s $ 26.6 - million mortgage .
The investment trust , Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc. , based in San Clemente , had announced plans in June to forfeit the 258 - room W San Diego hotel because it would not support its $ 65 - million mortgage .
The hotel industry continues to buzz about how that happened this year in the Bahamas , when a lender closed the Four Seasons Resort Great Exuma , a $ 350 - million property built in 2003 .
Small resorts also have closed in Big Bear and South Lake Tahoe , the latter involving an owner who allegedly tried to hold down costs by not paying the local room tax imposed by the city and was arrested .
Advertisement
“ There ’s a lot of owners doing that these days , but it ’s not a good idea because the money you save does n’t belong to you , ” he said .
“ They take that seriously in South Lake Tahoe . ”
--
scott.reckard@latimes.com
hugo.martin@latimes.com
Tiny ' sticking plaster ' nanoparticles for broken nerves could provide spinal cord treatment
Scientists last night raised hopes that microscopic nanoparticles could be injected into the spines of paralysed people to help them walk again .
They have conducted experiments on rats which show that the tiny particles can act as a ' sticking plaster ' to repair broken nerves .
When the microscopic spheres , known as micelles , were injected into the tails of paralysed rats , they regained the use of all their limbs .
A new ' sticking plaster ' technique could repair damaged spinal cords , helping people to walk again
However , the scientists warned it would take many years of research before it was known whether the same technique could work on humans .
Work has been going on for years to see whether micelles , which are about 100 times smaller than red blood cells , could help deliver drugs to different parts of the body .
But this is the first time it has been shown that the micelles can themselves assist the repair of nerve fibres .
In rats , they boosted the repair of damaged nerve cells by 60 per cent .
Dr Ji-Xin Cheng , from Purdue University in West Lafayette , Indianopolis , said : ' That was a very surprising discovery .
Micelles have been used for 30 years as drug - delivery vehicles in research , but no - one has ever used them directly as a medicine . '
The micelles used in the experiment had an outer shell made from polyethylene glycol ( PEG ) , a sealing agent that has been investigated as a potential spinal injury treatment .
Previous research has shown the chemical can seal the injury site , prevent further damage setting in , and give the nerves a chance to repair themselves .
Secondary damage caused by the flood of biochemical signals and cell death that follows spinal injury is one of the main causes of permanent disability .
Dr Cheng 's research showed that PEG - coated micelles were more effective than PEG injected on its own .
In tests , the nanoparticles were successfully delivered to areas of damage , and the rats treated with micelles recovered co-ordinated control of all four limbs , whereas those treated with conventional PEG did not .
The nanoparticles were also shown to be non-toxic at the concentrations required .
' With the micelles , you need only about one hundred thousandth the concentration of regular polyethylene glycol , ' said Dr Cheng .
The findings were published yesterday in the journal Nature Nanotechnology .
Sewn into the underwear of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was a powerful plastic explosive , the authorities say .
Had Mr. Abdulmutallab , sitting in seat 19A of Northwest Airlines Flight 253 on Friday from Amsterdam to Detroit , been able to set off the explosive , it might have blown a hole in the side of the airplane and caused it to crash , experts believe .
Mr. Abdulmutallab , 23 , a Nigerian citizen , was charged in a federal criminal complaint on Saturday with the willful attempt to destroy an aircraft with an explosive device .
The complaint identified the explosive as pentaerythritol tetranitrate , or PETN .
Introduced after World War I , PETN is in the same chemical family as nitroglycerin and among the most powerful of explosives .
It was the same explosive that Richard C. Reid tried to detonate in his shoes during an American Airlines flight in December 2001 .
Apparently , throwing a Windows 7 party in honor of the new Microsoft operating system is not enough .
The Fox network has recently announced an exclusive one - night partnership with Microsoft featuring the ever - controversial grown - up cartoon , " Family Guy " .
The idea for the partnership was instigated by Microsoft in the hopes of generating more interest in Windows 7 .
Special to Air in November
The partnership will not be evident during the 9 p.m. Family Guy timeslot , however .
Rather , a special half - hour television special , with the working title " Family Guy Presents : Seth and Alex 's Almost Live Comedy Show " will air at 8:30 PM on November 8th , 2009 , and features series creators Seth MacFarlane and co-star Alex Borstein .
( Source : yahoo.com )
Commercial - Free
The special is slated to air without traditional commercials .
Instead , it will feature a series of Microsoft - branded programming with a blend of Family Guy 's core content .
The special will include original animation , live - action performances of Family Guy 's musical numbers , comedy sketches and celebrity guests .
The air date on November 8th , will give MacFarlane as much exposure as Windows 7 .
He 'll present back - to - back - to - back - to - back original programs including " American Dad " , " The Cleveland Show " and " Family Guy , " as well as this special .
( Source : reuters.com )
Microsoft to Target Youth
The promotion is also a sweet deal for Microsoft .
While it remains unclear exactly how much money was doled out to feature Windows 7 , the campaign should do wonders in reaching the same youthful demographic that is most likely to purchase the new operating system .
Still , it is worth mentioning that Microsoft 's latest attempts at bridging their products with comedy have not worked out so well .
( Anyone remember those dreadful Bill Gates / Jerry Seinfeld vignettes ? )
Apparently , the only way Microsoft is making anyone laugh these days is in response to the Windows 7 promotion involving an infamous party planning video .
Expect the results to be much better for Microsoft this time around , even if it means capitalizing on someone else 's completely unrelated popularity .
Vinitpackers is listed with best Service suppliers in Packers and Movers business .
Our company could be a famous service supplier for packing and moving of households , article of furniture and equipment , plant and machineries , industrial merchandise , relocation business and serves its customers country wide .
Our Organization
Trust in client satisfaction and supply services like Packers Movers Services deposit services , consignment services , etc .
Our company is among everywhere most well liked relocators in Asian country , providing our network across a number of the foremost cities of India .
With our professional team working under any circumstances Vinit packers and moversprovide best services in Bangalore .
We have 24 * 7 online presence online and any query can be asked on 09900415353 .
Packers and movers Bangalore use quality packing material , keeping in mind importance of small things in packing moving .
Our clients trust our ability , Tata Chemicals , Indiabulls , Accenture , TISCO make backbone of our clientele .
Vinit packers movers provide packing - moving , loading - unloading , warehousing , transit insurance services Bangalore .
This makes us very one stop solution to your all needs .
Vinit packers movers are here to make relations very happy and long lasting .
READ MORE
Recent media reports reveal that the US military continues to carry on torture and illegal detention in Afghanistan at a dungeon known to inmates as " the black prison . "
The jail , located on the Bagram Air Base next to the notorious Bagram prison north of Kabul , operates under the executive order of President Obama .
After entering office , Obama ordered the closure of Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) prison " black sites " - which were in fact no longer active - but exempted those prisons run by the military 's Special Operations , which was headed from 2003 until 2008 by General Stanley McChrystal , now US commander of the Af - Pak theater .
US military officials recently said they had no plans to close the Afghan jail and another like it at the Balad Air Base in Iraq , which they claimed were needed to interrogate " high - value detainees . "
Two teenage Afghan boys told the Washington Post that they were beaten , photographed naked , sexually humiliated , denied sleep , and held in solitary confinement by American guards at the prison this year .
Interviewed at a juvenile detention center in Kabul , where they have been transferred , " the teenagers presented a detailed , consistent portrait " of the abuse they experienced , the newspaper reported .
Their descriptions of the prison were confirmed by two other former prisoners .
In addition to being punched and slapped , Rashid , who the Post describes as " younger than 16 , " said he was forced to view pornography " alongside a photograph of his mother . "
He was also forced to strip naked in front of about a half - dozen US soldiers .
" They touched me all over my body , " he said .
" They took pictures , and they were laughing and laughing .
They were doing everything . "
On Saturday , the New York Times published interviews with three former inmates who also spoke of the black prison near Bagram .
Each informant " was interviewed separately and described similar conditions , " the Times notes , and " [t ] heir descriptions also matched those obtained by two human rights workers who had interviewed other former detainees at the site . "
One of the three men was arrested months after Obama 's inauguration as US president , as were the two teenage boys interviewed by the Post .
All of those interviewed by the Times and the Post maintained that they were not " Taliban . "
Without being charged with a crime , they were seized by US soldiers , then bound , gagged , and hooded , and taken to the " black prison . "
The jail , according to the Times ' sources , " consists of individual windowless concrete cells , each illuminated by a single light bulb glowing 24 hours a day . "
The cells are small ; one prisoner said his was only slightly longer than the length of his body .
US soldiers throw food into the cells through slots in the door .
Prisoners are exposed to extreme cold and sleep deprivation .
The teenage boys told the Post that when they attempted to sleep on the hard floor , US soldiers " shouted at them and hammered on their cells . "
Prisoners ' only respite from this extreme solitary confinement are twice - a- day interrogations , during which some are beaten or humiliated .
" He kept asking me , ' Tell us the truth . '
I told them the truth more than 10 times , " Mohammad told the Post .
" That I 'm a farmer , my father was a farmer , my brother was a farmer .
But they said , ' No , help us with this case .
Tell us the truth . '
That 's why he was slapping me . "
The prisoners are held in these conditions for weeks - 35 to 40 days , according to the Times - their families unaware of their fate .
" For my whole family it was disastrous , " said Hayatullah , a Kandahar resident who said he was working in his pharmacy when he was arrested .
" Because they knew the Americans were sometimes killing people , and they thought they had killed me because for two to three months they did n't know where I was . "
Hamidullah , who was held five and a half months in detention , including five to six weeks in the black jail , said he heard the sounds of other detainees being tortured and abused .
" They beat up other people in the black jail , but not me , " he said .
" But the problem was that they did n't let me sleep .
There was shouting noise so you could n't sleep . "
Interrogators insisted he was a Taliban fighter named Faida Muhammad .
" I said , ' That 's not me , ' " he recalled .
" They blamed me and said , ' You are making bombs and are a facilitator of bomb making and helping militants , ' " he said .
" I said , ' I have a shop .
I sell spare parts for vehicles , for trucks and cars . ' "
The US military permits no contact with the outside world , and in violation of international law , denies the International Committee of the Red Cross access to the secret prison .
Gulham Khan , a 25 - year - old sheep trader , who mostly delivers sheep and goats for people who buy the animals in the livestock market in Ghazni , was captured in late October 2008 and released in early September this year .
He told the Times , " They kept saying to me , ' Are you Qari Idris ? '
I said , ' I 'm not Qari Idris . '
But they kept asking me over and over , and I kept saying , ' I 'm Gulham .
This is my name , that is my father 's name , you can ask the elders . ' "
Ten months after his initial detention , American soldiers went to the group cell where he was then being held and told him he had been mistakenly picked up under the wrong name , Khan told the Times .
" They said , ' Please accept our apology , and we are sorry that we kept you here for this time . '
And that was it .
They kept me for more than 10 months and gave me nothing back . "
We now provide 5.10.1 instead of 5.10.0 ( 5.8.9 is still available , as well . )
We now include DB_File , so that BioPerl will install .
Module : : Signature and Crypt::SSLeay are now installed , as well as other crypto modules , so that we have support for signing CPAN modules ( and checking the signature of CPAN modules ) and for https : web sites .
We now include DBD :: Pg and the Postgres client library , so that PostgreSQL databases can be used without any other software installed .
We now separate Strawberry - installed modules from the modules you install .
Because of this , future versions may be able to not have to delete all the modules that you install .
The major additions to Strawberry Perl for October 2009 are :
Of course , report any bugs you encounter with Strawberry itself , or any enhancements you 'd like to see , to the appropriate places , and download it at http://strawberryperl.com/
( Yes , I know the announcement is a week + late - I 've been busy getting stuff going for January already ! )
The Blu-ray Disc Association , the entity that plans and manages the format , has announced that the specification for 3D Blu-ray content has been finalised which paves the way for 3D content to be released as from next year .
And the good news is that the Sony Playstation 3 , by far the most popular Blu-ray player on the market ( and incidentally a top - notch gaming console ) , will be compatible with the format .
3D Blu-ray disc players will be able to play traditional Blu-ray discs and current Blu-ray disc players will play 3D Blu-ray discs in 2D , all in glorious full HD , 1080 p resolution complete with assorted 3D menus and subtitles ( ed : arrrgghhh , hopefully no titles looking like Microsoft 's Word 3D feature ) .
The new format uses the Multiview Video Coding ( MVC ) , an addon to the ITU - T H.264 Advanced Video Coding ( AVC ) codec which extends its compatibility .
More importantly perhaps , the 3D format can be used on any 3D screens regardless of technology .
There are a number of questions that remain though ; apart from the PS3 will there be other 2D Blu-ray devices that are compatible with 3D and will one Blu-ray disc actually contain two versions of the same footage .
Also will there be a back - catalogue of current movies available in 3D at launch ?
Victor Matsuda , Chairman of the BDA Global Promotions Committee , said that " We believe this demand for 3D content will carry over into the home now that we have , in Blu-ray Disc , a medium that can deliver a quality Full HD 3D experience to the living room . "
Our Comments
3D Blu-ray is expected to be one of the major trends announced at the forthcoming CES2010 in Las Vegas and has already won the backing of a number of manufacturers including AMD .
Related Links
3D Blu-ray discs will work with Sony PS3
( Which )
Blu-ray 3D specification is final
( The Inquirer )
Blu-ray 3D specification finalised
( Techradar )
Blu-ray Disc Association finalises 3D specification
( Hexus )
Blu-ray boys finish 1080 p 3D spec
( Reghardware )
Convert PDF and other types of documents to a variety of ebook formats , including EPUB , Kindle MOBI / AZW3 , FB2 .
The dramatic reduction in carbon emissions in the US is not only because of the recession .
Renewables and energy efficiency have played their part too .
From Grist , part of the Guardian Environment Network
For years now , many members of Congress have insisted that cutting carbon emissions was difficult , if not impossible .
It is not .
During the two years since 2007 , carbon emissions have dropped 9 percent .
While part of this drop is from the recession , part of it is also from efficiency gains and from replacing coal with natural gas , wind , solar , and geothermal energy .
The U.S. has ended a century of rising carbon emissions and has now entered a new energy era , one of declining emissions .
Peak carbon is now history .
What had appeared to be hopelessly difficult is happening at amazing speed .
For a country where oil and coal use have been growing for more than a century , the fall since 2007 is startling .
In 2008 , oil use dropped 5 percent , coal 1 percent , and carbon emissions by 3 percent .
Estimates for 2009 , based on U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) data for the first nine months , show oil use down by another 5 percent .
Coal is set to fall by 10 percent .
Carbon emissions from burning all fossil fuels dropped 9 percent over the two years .
Beyond the cuts already made , there are further massive reductions in the policy pipeline .
Prominent among them are stronger automobile fuel - economy standards , higher appliance efficiency standards , and financial incentives supporting the large - scale development of wind , solar , and geothermal energy .
( See the data . )
Efforts to reduce fossil fuel use are under way at every level of government — national , state , and city — as well as in corporations , utilities , and universities .
And millions of climate - conscious , cost - cutting Americans are altering their lifestyles to reduce energy use .
For its part , the federal government — the largest U.S. energy consumer , with some 500,000 buildings and 600,000 vehicles — announced in early October 2009 that it is setting its own carbon - cutting goals .
These include reducing vehicle fleet fuel use 30 percent by 2020 , recycling at least 50 percent of waste by 2015 , and buying environmentally responsible products .
Electricity use is falling partly because of gains in efficiency .
The potential for further cuts is evident in the wide variation in energy efficiency among states .
The Rocky Mountain Institute calculates that if the 40 least - efficient states were to reach the electrical efficiency of the 10 most - efficient ones , national electricity use would be reduced by one - third .
This would allow the equivalent of 62 percent of the country 's 617 coal - fired power plants to be closed .
Actions are being taken to realize this potential .
For several years DOE failed to write the regulations needed to implement appliance efficiency legislation that Congress had already passed .
Within days of taking office , President Obama instructed the agency to write the regulations needed to realize these potentially vast efficiency gains as soon as possible .
The energy efficiency revolution that is now under way will transform everything from lighting to transportation .
With lighting , for example , shifting from incandescent bulbs to the newer light - emitting diodes ( LEDs ) , combined with motion sensors to turn lights off in unoccupied spaces , can cut electricity use by more than 90 percent .
Los Angeles , for example , is replacing its 140,000 street lights with LEDs — and cutting electricity and maintenance costs by $ 10 million per year .
The carbon - cutting movement is gaining momentum on many fronts .
In July , the Sierra Club — coordinator of the national anti-coal campaign — announced the 100th cancellation of a proposed plant since 2001 .
This battle is leading to a de facto moratorium on new coal plants .
Despite the coal industry 's $ 45 million annual budget to promote " clean coal , " utilities are giving up on coal and starting to close plants .
The Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ) , with 11 coal plants ( average age 47 years ) and a court order to install over $ 1 billion worth of pollution controls , is considering closing its plant near Rogersville , Tennessee , along with the six oldest units out of eight in its Stevenson , Ala. , plant .
TVA is not alone .
Altogether , some 22 coal - fired power plants in 12 states are being replaced by wind farms , natural gas plants , wood chip plants , or efficiency gains .
Many more are likely to close as public pressure to clean up the air and to cut carbon emissions intensifies .
Shifting from coal to natural gas cuts carbon emissions by roughly half .
Shifting to wind , solar , and geothermal energy drops them to zero .
State governments are getting behind renewables big time .
Thirty - four states have adopted renewable portfolio standards to produce a larger share of their electricity from renewable sources over the next decade or so .
Among the more populous states , the renewable standard is 24 percent in New York , 25 percent in Illinois , and 33 percent in California .
While coal plants are closing , wind farms are multiplying .
In 2008 , a total of 102 wind farms came online , providing more than 8,400 megawatts of generating capacity .
Forty - nine wind farms were completed in the first half of 2009 and 57 more are under construction .
More important , some 300,000 megawatts of wind projects ( think 300 coal plants ) are awaiting access to the grid .
U.S. solar cell installations are growing at 40 percent a year .
With new incentives , this rapid growth in rooftop installations on homes , shopping malls , and factories should continue .
In addition , some 15 large solar thermal power plants that use mirrors to concentrate sunlight and generate electricity are planned in California , Arizona , and Nevada .
A new heat - storage technology that enables the plants to continue generating power for up to six hours past sundown helps explain this boom .
For many years , U.S. geothermal energy was confined largely to the huge Geysers project north of San Francisco , with 850 megawatts of generating capacity .
Now the United States , with 132 geothermal power plants under development , is experiencing a geothermal renaissance .
After their century - long love - affair with the car , Americans are turning to mass transit .
There is hardly a U.S. city that is not either building new light rail , subways , or express bus lines or upgrading and expanding existing ones .
As motorists turn to public transit , and also to bicycles , the U.S. car fleet is shrinking .
The estimated scrappage of 14 million cars in 2009 will exceed new sales of 10 million by 4 million , shrinking the fleet 2 percent in one year .
This shrinkage will likely continue for a few years .
Oil use and imports are both declining .
This will continue as the new fuel economy standards raise the fuel efficiency of new cars 42 percent and light trucks 25 percent by 2016 .
And since 42 percent of the diesel fuel burned in the rail freight sector is used to haul coal , falling coal use means falling diesel fuel use .
But the big gains in fuel efficiency will come with the shift to plug - in hybrids and all - electric cars .
Not only are electric motors three times more efficient than gasoline engines , but they also enable cars to run on wind power at a gasoline - equivalent cost of 75 cents a gallon .
Almost every major car maker will soon be selling plug - in hybrids , electric cars , or both .
In this new energy era carbon emissions are declining and they will likely continue to do so because of policies already on the books .
We are headed in the right direction .
We do not yet know how much we can cut carbon emissions because we are just beginning to make a serious effort .
Whether we can move fast enough to avoid catastrophic climate change remains to be seen .
• This article was shared by our content partner Grist , part of the Guardian Environment Network
The Obama administration ’s new plan to give a boost to small businesses reflects continued trouble in that sector , which is facing new failures even as much of the nation ’s economy is stabilizing .
As credit lines have shrunk and consumers have cut back on spending , thousands of small businesses have closed their doors over the last year .
The plight of struggling firms has been aggravated by the reluctance of banks to lend money , said Brian Headd , an economist at the Small Business Administration ’s office of advocacy .
“ While bankruptcies are up , overall , small - business closures are up even more , ” Headd said .
California has been particularly hard hit .
The latest data show small - business bankruptcies up 81 % in the state for the 12 months ended Sept. 30 , compared with the previous year .
Filings nationwide were up 44 % , according to the credit analysis firm Equifax Inc .
The actual number of small businesses in trouble is probably higher , experts said , because many owners file for personal bankruptcy rather than seek protection for the business .
Dennis McGoldrick , a bankruptcy lawyer in Torrance , said his clients are all stuck in similar situations -- capital is hard to come by , customers are tough to attract and debt is piling up .
“ We ca n’t keep up , ” McGoldrick said .
“ There ’s more people that want to come in every day than I can see . ”
Cecily McAlpine , who filed for bankruptcy protection for her Cold Stone Creamery franchise this spring , said the experience was humiliating but she had no choice .
Receipts at the fledgling Compton ice cream shop plunged dramatically during the recession , and by late 2008 she was paying her employees out of her pocket .
“ When the refrigerator died , that was it ; I ’d just had it , ” McAlpine said .
“ That was the day I broke .
I just started throwing stuff away . ”
McAlpine recently withdrew her bankruptcy filing after selling all the store equipment and paying off her creditors .
She is slowly paying off some back - rent and utility debt , and will officially dissolve her business in the next couple of weeks , she said .
“ I still feel scarred and like a loser , ” she said .
“ Even though I ’m not in it anymore , it ’s still there . ”
Recognizing the problems of business owners like McAlpine , the Obama administration has proposed using federal stimulus money to help funnel more loans to small businesses .
The White House has also asked Congress to eliminate capital gains taxes for one year on new investments in small - business stock , and called for a new tax incentive to encourage small businesses to hire more employees .
On Dec. 14 , Obama called a meeting of executives of Wells Fargo & Co. , Citigroup Inc. , Bank of America Corp .
and nine other large banks , and told them that they owed it to the nation to make more loans to small businesses and help rebuild the economy .
In California , the need is great .
Over the last year , the Los Angeles , Riverside / San Bernardino and Sacramento metropolitan areas have led the nation in small - business bankruptcy filings , said Tim Klein , a spokesman for Equifax .
About 19,000 small businesses filed for bankruptcy in California during the 12 months ended Sept. 2009 , up from 10,500 the previous year .
During September alone , 2,229 small businesses filed for protection , up from 1,503 filings in September 2008 , the firm reported .
Kathleen March , a bankruptcy lawyer in Los Angeles , said she often pushes her clients to file for personal bankruptcy instead of a business filing because it ’s easier .
Many people also close down their businesses thinking that will solve their problems , only to find their companies ’ debt lives on , March said .
“ The norm is if you ’re running a small business , you will have to either cosign or personally guarantee the significant debts , ” she said .
“ The business itself can shut down , but the people cosigned all the debts .
So , the individuals are then saddled with these huge debts . ”
A client who owned a surf shop was paying for business expenses from the client ’s own funds long before filing for personal bankruptcy , she said .
“ In this economy , anything that is n’t a necessity is a tough business to be in , ” March said .
“ And the majority of my clients have waited too long to file for bankruptcy and in the process made things worse on themselves financially as a result . ”
nathan.olivarezgiles
@latimes.com
Ashton Carter , undersecretary of defense for acquisition , technology and logistics , put the matter this way recently : " [ N] ext to Antarctica , Afghanistan is probably the most incommodious place , from a logistics point of view , to be trying to fight a war …
It ’s landlocked and rugged , and the road network is much , much thinner than in Iraq .
Fewer airports , different geography . "
In other words , we might as well be fighting on the moon .
In translation , this means at least one thing : do n’t believe any of the figures coming out of the White House or the Pentagon about what this war is going to cost .
As Jo Comerford , executive director of the National Priorities Project points out below , the president ’s $ 30 billion figure for getting those 30,000 - plus new surge troops into Afghanistan is going to prove a " through - the - basement estimate . "
As for the dates for getting them in and beginning to get them out ?
Well , it ’s grain - of - salt time there , too .
According to Steven Mufson and Walter Pincus of the Washington Post , some of the fuel storage facilities being built to support the surge troops wo n’t even be completed by the time the first of them are scheduled to leave the country , 18 months from now .
And keep in mind the endless , and endlessly vulnerable , supply lines on which so much of that fuel — and almost everything else the U.S. military has to have to survive — travels .
Along those mountainous roads , trucks are " lost , " or Taliban - commandeered , or bribes are paid for passage , or some are simply destroyed in what can only be thought of as an underreported supply - line war .
All of this adds immeasurably to the staggering expense of the project .
According to August Cole of the Wall Street Journal , in fuel terms alone , to support a single soldier in Afghanistan costs between $ 200,000 and $ 350,000 a year .
And while we ’re at it : do n’t expect all those surging troops to make it into Afghanistan any time soon .
In the heroic tales of presidential surge deliberations ( based on copious White House leaks ) that appeared soon after the president ’s West Point speech , much was made of how Obama himself had insisted on speeding up the plan to get the extra troops in place .
All would arrive , the White House said , within six months .
That was quickly changed to approximately eight months .
Now , Lt. Gen. David M. Rodriguez , deputy commander of American and NATO forces there , has just announced that it will take nine to eleven months ( or maybe even " up to a year " ) , and that ’s if none of the factors that could go wrong do — something not worth putting your money on when it comes to the Afghan War .
If all this leaves you with lingering worries about the success of both the surge and the war , you can put them to rest , however .
NBC ’s Richard Engel found a " military schematic , " a single chart from the office of the Joint Chiefs , that offers a visual representation of the military ’s full surge / counterinsurgency strategy .
It has to be seen to be believed .
( Just click here . )
It lays out as a flow chart ( or perhaps overflow chart would be the more accurate description ) just how our war will achieve success .
What could possibly go wrong with such a plan ?
It ’s hard to imagine .
In the meantime , let Comerford give you a little lesson in the economics of the Afghan War , and what we could have done with that low - ball figure of $ 30 billion , had we chosen not to fight a war on the moon .
Tom
$ 57,077.60
Surging by the Minute
By Jo Comerford
$ 57,077.60 .
That ’s what we ’re paying per minute .
Keep that in mind — just for a minute or so .
After all , the surge is already on .
By the end of December , the first 1,500 U.S. troops will have landed in Afghanistan , a nation roughly the size of Texas , ranked by the United Nations as second worst in the world in terms of human development .
Women and men from Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , will be among the first to head out .
It takes an estimated $ 1 million to send each of them surging into Afghanistan for one year .
So a 30,000 - person surge will be at least $ 30 billion , which brings us to that $ 57,077.60 .
That ’s how much it will cost you , the taxpayer , for one minute of that surge .
By the way , add up the yearly salary of a Marine from Camp Lejeune with four years of service , throw in his or her housing allowance , additional pay for dependents , and bonus pay for hazardous duty , imminent danger , and family separation , and you ’ll still be many thousands of dollars short of that single minute ’s sum .
But perhaps this is n’t a time to quibble .
After all , a job is a job , especially in the United States , which has lost seven million jobs since December 2007 , while reporting record - high numbers of people seeking assistance to feed themselves and / or their families .
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture , 36 million Americans , including one out of every four children , are currently on food stamps .
On the other hand , given the woeful inadequacy of that " safety net , " we might have chosen to direct the $ 30 billion in surge expenditures toward raising the average individual monthly Food Stamp allotment by $ 70 for the next year ; that ’s roughly an additional trip to the grocery store , every month , for 36 million people .
Alternatively , we could have dedicated that $ 30 billion to job creation .
According to a recent report issued by the Political Economy Research Institute , that sum could generate a whopping 537,810 construction jobs , 541,080 positions in healthcare , fund 742,740 teachers or employ 831,390 mass transit workers .
For purposes of comparison , $ 30 billion — remember , just the Pentagon - estimated cost of a 30,000 - person troop surge — is equal to 80 % of the total U.S. 2010 budget for international affairs , which includes monies for development and humanitarian assistance .
On the domestic front , $ 30 billion could double the funding ( at 2010 levels ) for the Children ’s Health Insurance Program and the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program .
Or think of the surge this way : if the United States decided to send just 29,900 extra soldiers to Afghanistan , 100 short of the present official total , it could double the amount of money — $ 100 million — it has allocated to assist refugees and returnees from Afghanistan through the State Department ’s Bureau of Population , Refugees and Migration .
Leaving aside the fact that the United States already accounts for 45 % of total global military spending , the $ 30 billion surge cost alone would place us in the top-ten for global military spending , sandwiched between Italy and Saudi Arabia .
Spent instead on " soft security " measures within Afghanistan , $ 30 billion could easily build , furnish , and equip enough schools for the entire nation .
Continuing this nod to the absurd for just one more moment , if you received a silver dollar every second , it would take you 960 years to haul in that $ 30 billion .
Not that anyone could hold so much money .
Together , the coins would weigh nearly 120,000 tons , or more than the poundage of 21,000 Asian elephants , an aircraft carrier , or the Washington Monument .
Converted to dollar bills and laid end - to - end , $ 30 billion would reach 2.9 million miles or 120 times around the Earth .
One more thing , that $ 30 billion is n’t even the real cost of Obama ’s surge .
It ’s just a minimum , through - the - basement estimate .
If you were to throw in all the bases being built , private contractors hired , extra civilians sent in , and the staggering costs of training a larger Afghan army and police force ( a key goal of the surge ) , the figure would surely be startlingly higher .
In fact , total Afghanistan War spending for 2010 is now expected to exceed $ 102.9 billion , doubling last year ’s Afghan spending .
Thought of another way , it breaks down to $ 12 million per hour in taxpayer dollars for one year .
That ’s equal to total annual U.S. spending on all veteran ’s benefits , from hospital stays to education .
In Afghan terms , our upcoming single year of war costs represents nearly five times that country ’s gross domestic product or $ 3,623.70 for every Afghan woman , man , and child .
Given that the average annual salary for an Afghan soldier is $ 2,880 and many Afghans seek employment in the military purely out of economic desperation , this might be a wise investment — especially since the Taliban is able to pay considerably more for its new recruits .
In fact , recent increases in much - needed Afghan recruits appear to correlate with the promise of a pay raise .
All of this is , of course , so much fantasy , since we know just where that $ 30 - plus billion will be going .
In 2010 , total Afghanistan War spending since November 2001 will exceed $ 325 billion , which equals the combined annual military spending of Great Britain , China , France , Japan , Germany , Russia , and Saudi Arabia .
If we had never launched an invasion of Afghanistan or stayed on fighting all these years , those war costs , evenly distributed in this country , would have meant a $ 2,298.80 dividend per U.S. taxpayer .
Even as we calculate the annual cost of war , the tens of thousands of Asian elephants in the room are all pointing to $ 1 trillion in total war costs for Iraq and Afghanistan .
The current escalation in Afghanistan coincides with that rapidly - approaching milestone .
In fact , thanks to Peter Baker ’s recent New York Times report on the presidential deliberations that led to the surge announcement , we know that the trillion - dollar number for both wars may be a gross underestimate .
The Office of Management and Budget sent President Obama a memo , Baker tells us , suggesting that adding General McChrystal ’s surge to ongoing war costs , over the next 10 years , could mean — forget Iraq — a trillion dollar Afghan War .
At just under one - third of the 2010 U.S. federal budget , $ 1 trillion essentially defies per - hour - per- soldier calculations .
It dwarfs all other nations ’ military spending , let alone their spending on war .
It makes a mockery of food stamps and schools .
To make sense of this cost , we need to leave civilian life behind entirely and turn to another war .
We have to reach back to the Vietnam War , which in today ’s dollars cost $ 709.9 billion — or $ 300 billion less than the total cost of the two wars we ’re still fighting , with no end in sight , or even $ 300 billion less than the long war we may yet fight in Afghanistan .
Jo Comerford is the executive director of the National Priorities Project .
Previously , she served as director of programs at the Food Bank of Western Massachusetts and directed the American Friends Service Committee ’s justice and peace - related community organizing efforts in western Massachusetts .
[ Note : Jo would like to acknowledge the analysis and numbers crunching of Chris Hellman and Mary Orisich , members of the National Priorities Project ’s research team , without whom this piece would not have been possible . ]
Copyright 2009 Jo Comerford
This topic is currently marked as " dormant " — the last message is more than 90 days old .
You can revive it by posting a reply .
1richardderus Apr 5 , 2009 , 12:44 pm aquascum of the German language LT loosed this list on the English threads , and I can't resist passing it on .
Please copy and paste your bolded books read , italicized books not completed , and then sum up with a head count , so to speak .
What does the list say about your reading habits ?
Who 's first ?
The BBC apparently believes most people will have only read 6 of the 100 books here :
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ...
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
23 Bleak House - Charles Dickens
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
75 Ulysses - James Joyce
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
78 Germinal - Emile Zola
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
80 Possession - AS Byatt .
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
90 The Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
2momom248 Apr 5 , 2009 , 12:53 pm
Oh wow I feel inferior as I 've only read 14 of the above .
I have several of them in my TBR so plan on reading .
ok Richard I can't figure out how to bold my selections on this list .
I 'm not that computer savvy .
Thanks for this post -- very interesting and I must start reading many of these selections .
3 SqueakyChu Edited : Apr 5 , 2009 , 1:08 pm 26 finished
1 not finished ( The Lovely Bones )
Did n't want to copy the whole list !
ETA :
What does the list say about your reading habits ?
I 've read more books that others have also read than I would have thought !
Over a quarter of that list ?
That 's a lot !
4DeltaQueen50 Apr 5 , 2009 , 1:04 pm
Sorry I am also a computer dunce !
I have read 28 of the above and another two are in my TBR pile .
One of my next year goals is to read more of the classics that I have missed over the years .
6 mckait Apr 5 , 2009 , 1:20 pm 38 ... cooking and can't post list right now ...... :)
7AHS - Wolfy Edited : Sep 18 , 2009 , 5:42 am
Only 15 for me * hides in shame *
Though there are a few more included in my TBR pile with a couple more that will probably be added there as well .
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
33 Chronicles of Narnia - C.S. Lewis
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
I 've previously been fairly complacent with sticking to the SF&F genres though I 'm attempting to branch out a bit more .
That 's one of the reasons for joining the 999 challenge this year .
8rebeccanyc Edited : Apr 5 , 2009 , 1:46 pm
This message has been deleted by its author .
9kidzdoc Edited : Apr 5 , 2009 , 1:57pm
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
6 The Bible
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy ( reading now )
Here is my list : ( reading now )
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
Books read : 24
Books currently being read : 2
Books I currently own but have n't started or finished : 8
10RLMCartwright Edited : Apr 5 , 2009 , 1:52 pm
Right i'm perhaps cheating slightly as I 'm counting books that i own but have not got round to reading ... yet it 's on my to - do list .
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen ( owned - not read )
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier ( owned - not read )
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen ( owned - not read )
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen ( owned - not read )
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe ( how odd this is here and # 33 )
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
52 Dune - Frank Herbert ( owned - not read )
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen ( owned - not read )
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
so that 's 18 in total but only 13 read - not too shabby considering my age but maybe i'll get through more of them in the future .
* edit * omg i actually got the bold coding to work !!!
maybe there is some techno skills in me yet !
11 mckait Edited : Apr 6 , 2009 , 5:35 am bold stop ?
not working ... wth ?
1/1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2/2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3/3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4/4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5/7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
6/8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
7/10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
8/11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
9/13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
10/14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ...
11/15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
12/16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
13/18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
14/19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
15/21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
16/22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
17/24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
18/25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
19/29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
20/30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
21/31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
22/32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
23/33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
24/34 Emma - Jane Austen
25/36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
26/37 The Kite Runner - Khaled
27/39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
28/40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
29/41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
30/42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
31/44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
32/45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
33/46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
34/49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
35/52 Dune - Frank Herbert
36/54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
37/57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
38/58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
12aviddiva Edited : Apr 5 , 2009 , 2:37 pm
Sorry I 'm not good with html , but here are my lists :
Read and completed : ( 45 )
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
80 Possession - AS Byatt .
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
Read portions but have not completed : ( 14 )
6 The Bible
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ... --
I 've read quite a few completely , but not all does that mean this should go in the " REad " column ?
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle ( same as Shakespeare -- I have n't read all the stories , but have read many )
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare ( I 've seen the whole thing performed -- does that count ?
13 frithuswith Edited : Apr 5 , 2009 , 2:40 pm </b>
I 'm mostly doing this out of a need to kill the ever - open bold tag .
I 've only left in the ones I 've read .
But this is clearly a slightly dodgy list , as we have things like the complete works of Shakespeare and then Hamlet further down , and the Chronicles of Narnia followed shortly by The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe ...
But anyway .
I did surprisingly ( to me ! ) well out of it .
56 read and four partially read .
I feel like this mostly says that I'm British and have read quite a few of the " standard classics " !
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
14lkernagh Edited : Apr 5 , 2009 , 2:35 pm
This was fun !
Below is my list of books read :
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
So that makes 25 read out of 100 listed , which I am quite happy with .
What does it say about my reading habits ?
Varied in content and not surprising , above BBC 's idea of what is considered the norm .
15 Persevoni Apr 5 , 2009 , 2:36 pm
Well I thought I had read a lot but only manages 12 of the books although I have read other titles by some of the authors .
Does this count ?
16Persevoni Apr 5 , 2009 , 2:43 pm JUST READ THROUGH THE LIST AGAIN AND FOURN FIVE MORE THAT i HAVE READ SO FEEL A BIT BETTER
17rebeccanyc Apr 5 , 2009 , 3:03 pm
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
If I counted right , that adds up to 52 read and 3 partially read .
Many of these books I read decades ago and do n't remember very well , and there are others I was surprised to realize I 've never read .
But I repeat that it's a strange mixture of books .
This is a strange list , as there are books on it I 'm proud NOT to have read , like The DaVinci Code and The Five People You Meet in Heaven .
That said , a list of the ones I 've read , with italics for ones I 've read part of .
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger20 Middlemarch - George Eliot22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn Waugh27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS Lewis34 Emma - Jane Austen36
The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne41 Animal Farm - George Orwell43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding50 Atonement - Ian McEwan52 Dune - Frank Herbert53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth.57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB White89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery98 Hamlet - William ShakespeareIf
I counted right , that adds up to 52 read and 3 partially read .
Many of these books I read decades ago and do n't remember very well , and there are others I was surprised to realize I 've never read .
But I repeat that it's a strange mixture of books .
18AMQS Edited : Aug 6 , 2010 , 12:00 am
Bold are books I 've read , italics are books I own , and WILL read .
There are others on this list I do n't own , but plan to read .
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible ( I 've read some of the Bible )
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ...
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
23 Bleak House - Charles Dickens
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
75 Ulysses - James Joyce
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
78 Germinal - Emile Zola
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
80 Possession - AS Byatt .
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
90 The Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
If I counted right , I 've read 33 books on this list ( some for school way back when ... ) and another 23 I own .
19 kabrahamson Apr 5 , 2009 , 3:22 pm
43 read , 5 waiting patiently in my TBR pile .
Poor
Let 's see ... 43 read , 5 waiting patiently in my TBR pile .
Poor Les Miserables has been waiting very , very patiently .
Several years at least .
Hopefully this summer I 'll have time to give it the attention it deserves .
20 LouisBranning Apr 5 , 2009 , 3:27 pm
I thought it was a pretty squirrely list too , but I 've read 58 of them .
21tiffin Edited : Apr 8 , 2009 , 5:31 pm
The BBC apparently believes most people will have only read 6 of the 100 books here :
How do your reading habits stack up ?
bold those books you 've read in their entirety , italicize the ones you started but did n't finish
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger { NEVER WILL READ THIS}
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
23 Bleak House - Charles Dickens
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy ( in progress )
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown {* blush * yes , I read this ... and bought it in hardcover too ... last time I 'm getting sucked in by hype}
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold { NEVER WILL READ THIS}
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
75 Ulysses - James Joyce
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
78 Germinal - Emile Zola
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
80 Possession - AS Byatt .
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
90 The Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton { I think I 've read this ... not quite certain}
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy
Toole { do n't think I 'll read this one}
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil
Shute {will check this out one day}
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
I 've read 81 of them , Richard .
Maybe 82 ... ca n't remember about the Enid Blyton .
22 mckait Apr 5 , 2009 , 3:36 pm
Thanks for killing the bold , liz !
23 karenmarie Apr 5 , 2009 , 3:46 pm I 've read 45 of them .
Read most of Narnia but could n't count it .
Started 5 or so .
24RLMCartwright Apr 5 , 2009 , 3:50 pm * blushes * I think the endless bold might have been my fault .
Apparently i am still technologically inept :( sorry guys .
25 Moomin2009 Edited : Apr 5 , 2009 , 3:56 pm
This is slightly experimental as I do n't know how to do bold / italics but we 'll see how it goes ...
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen - not yet but I own it and it's on my list !
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee ( a LONG time ago )
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte - not yet ( again ) but I do have it on my list .
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
23 Bleak House - Charles Dickens
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams - again I own this , it 's on the list .
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck - I * think * so , but I can't remember ...
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac - another one on the list ...
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
75 Ulysses - James Joyce
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
78 Germinal - Emile Zola
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
80 Possession - AS Byatt .
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell - and I own this too .
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
90 The Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
So 32 read , 5 begun and a few more that I own and are on the TBR pile but I have n't read yet .
I do n't think that 's too bad .
The list confuses me though .
Why all of the Harry Potter , His Dark Materials , Faraway Tree and Chronicles of Narnia as one ?
Why , if the Chronicles of Narnia are one there , does The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe get its own ?
And I always find the inclusion of Shakespeare odd - they 're plays , surely they 're meant to be seen ?
26jfetting Edited : Nov 22 , 2009 , 9:03 pm 1 Pride and Prejudice
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
23 Bleak House - Charles Dickens
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
75 Ulysses - James Joyce
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
78 Germinal - Emile Zola
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
80 Possession - AS Byatt .
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
90 The Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
77 read
27bell7 Edited : Oct 8 , 2010 , 10:50 am 1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
23 Bleak House - Charles Dickens
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
75 Ulysses - James Joyce
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
78 Germinal - Emile Zola
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
80 Possession - AS Byatt .
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
90 The Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
As of Nov. 12 - I 've read 44 .
Re : my reading habits , I guess it would show I 'm rather varied in my tastes from children 's lit to classics .
Also , that I 'm a compulsive book list nut and will go back to various lists just to check off a title here and there ( the first time I did this I had read 37 ) .
28 Storeetllr Edited : Apr 5 , 2009 , 4:20 pm
Hmm , only 30 33 for me .
Not great , but not too shabby either .
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible ( most of it )
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ...
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
Edited to correct total .
Apparently I cannot add today .
29richardderus Apr 5 , 2009 , 4:21 pm
Hi Tui !
My list :
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ...
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
75 Ulysses - James Joyce
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
78 Germinal - Emile Zola
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
80 Possession - AS Byatt
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo rebeccanyc & LouisBranning , I completely agree that this is a weird assortment of titles ... why , for example , is The Lion , The Witch and the Wardrobe listed separately from The Chronicles of Narnia ?... but it 's just another one of those oddball book - memes I run across and can't resist perpetuating .
Hi Tui !
My list :77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
30msf59 Apr 5 , 2009 , 4:27 pm
I thought I was going to do a bit better but ended up with 37 read and I own at least 6 or 7 that I have not attempted .
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
Thanks for doing this Richard .
A pleasing way to spend on a rainy chilly day in the midwest !
31 FicusFan Apr 5 , 2009 , 4:28 pm
It looks like most of the books are classics that you read in school , and then some trendy books .
Books I have read ( completed ) : 41
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
Series I have started but not completed : 4
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
6 The Bible
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare
Books I own , but have not read yet : 15
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
75 Ulysses - James Joyce
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
Books I do n't own and have n't read 40
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot
23 Bleak House - Charles Dickens
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
78 Germinal - Emile Zola
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
80 Possession - AS Byatt .
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
90 The Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
32 sanja Apr 5 , 2009 , 4:59 pm
These messages are entirely too long for me , so I 'm just going to leave the books I 've read :
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez ( reading right now )
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery ( in French ! )
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
I count 35 .
Several others I own or plan to read , but only 35 out of 100 read .
33koalamom Apr 5 , 2009 , 4:55 pm 1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ...
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame - will soon
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
I was surprised .
I have actually read all the ones listed here ( except for the one in italics which I plan to read for my 999 Challenge ) - at some point in my life - read 43 out of the 100 - though I do think that 36 is really part of 33 , so did they mean have read the entire series for 33 , which I have .
I have also read all the the books after Anne of Green Gables too .
I 'm doing better than I thought !
34 Morphidae Apr 5 , 2009 , 5:17 pm Read 39 :
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
Currently Reading :
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
Gave up on :
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
35 snash Apr 5 , 2009 , 5:24 pm
Let 's see how well I 've done on this list .
Those I 've read are :
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
I count 41 .
I 'm okay with that .
A few I plan to read and a few others I have no intention of reading .
37 Tid Apr 5 , 2009 , 5:31 pm 1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien ( aaargh never again ! )
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
6 The Bible ( parts )
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ...
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy ( not finished ! )
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn Waugh ( or was it the TV series ...? )
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
Actually , a reading childhood accounts for a third of my list !
Some of the omissions make me feel a bit ashamed while others ( Harry Potter , Da Vinci Code ) I have no intention of opening .
( And what is the BBC doing using a synthetic unscientific non-word like " meme " ?
Mr Darwin will be spinning in his centenary grave ) .
38 lilisin Apr 5 , 2009 , 5:48 pm 1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - have read quite a few
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
28 books off of this list .
40 maryqueenofscotts Apr 5 , 2009 , 6:02 pm
I 've read 29 of the books and never finished 10 of them .
At least I have finished more than not finished .
What is really sad is I have seen 37 of these in their movie form !
42IaaS Apr 5 , 2009 , 6:28 pm
This message has been deleted by its author .
43IaaS Edited : Apr 5 , 2009 , 6:47 pm
I counted this 52 from the list
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
6 The Bible
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ...
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
36 : thekoolaidmom , how do you get blue , fat and cursiv into here .
And about the bible , I have not read every chapter , I took a bible - cource once too know what it was about .
44cindysprocket Apr 5 , 2009 , 6:56 pm
I 've read 15 books on the list and most of them were during high school or many years ago .
I own 20 others that have yet to be read .
I should read those before going to the library or buying more .
45 lamplight Edited : Apr 5 , 2009 , 7:26 pm 1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen *
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte *
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee *
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte *
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell *
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens *
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott *
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ... *
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier *
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot *
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald *
23 Bleak House - Charles Dickens *
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck *
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens *
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis *
34 Emma - Jane Austen *
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe *
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini *
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden *
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell *
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez *
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery *
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood *
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding *
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan *
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel *
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons *
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen *
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon *
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold *
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens *
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens *
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry *
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White *
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare *
I 've read 35 .
There are several that I have read excerpts from or seen the movie (! ) .
I 've read quite a bit of the Bible , but I 'm not sure if it 's the whole thing or not .
47dchaikin Apr 5 , 2009 , 8:58 pm 1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ...
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
23 Bleak House - Charles Dickens
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
75 Ulysses - James Joyce
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
78 Germinal - Emile Zola
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
80 Possession - AS Byatt .
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
90 The Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
I count 25 , many date from high school or earlier .
I 've also read parts of the Bible ( Old Testament ) .
48 MissTeacher Apr 5 , 2009 , 9:22 pm I Have Read :
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
25 The Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
I have read some of , or own and will read :
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
Not too bad , considering pretty much all the British literature had to be deleted .
Take that , BBC !
49alcottacre Apr 5 , 2009 , 10:30 pm
Here is mine :
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
23 Bleak House - Charles Dickens
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy - I am reading this with the group read for this year
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe - In with # 33
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez - I attempted this one a number of years ago and did not care for it , so I will have to give it another go
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
75 Ulysses - James Joyce -
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
78 Germinal - Emile Zola - currently reading and it is terrific !
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
80 Possession - AS Byatt
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White -
The first book I ever purchased for myself , and I still have my original copy !
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
90 The Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
Is n't this one in the Complete Works ?
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
30 unread , 2 currently reading , 68 read
50queen_ypolita Apr 6 , 2009 , 3:13 am
Bold for books read , italics for not completed .
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulks
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
23 Bleak House - Charles Dickens
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
75 Ulysses - James Joyce
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
78 Germinal - Emile Zola
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray
80 Possession - AS Byatt
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
90 The Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
Totals ( if I counted correctly ) 52 read , 2 partly read
51catherinestead Edited : Apr 6 , 2009 , 9:11 am 1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell ( I have a copy in my TBR stack )
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens ( I finished this one yesterday ! )
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy ( I read parts of this in English at school , but have never got round to the whole thing )
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller ( Copy in my TBR )
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare ( Probably read about six or eight plays , plus the sonnets . )
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger ( Copy in my TBR )
20 Middlemarch - George Eliot
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
23 Bleak House - Charles Dickens
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
( In progress for about the fourth attempt )
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
26 Brideshead Revisited - Evelyn
Waugh
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
32 David Copperfield - Charles Dickens
33 Chronicles of Narnia - CS
Lewis ( Read some of them )
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres ( Copy in my TBR )
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
44 A Prayer for Owen Meaney - John Irving
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins ( Copy in my TBR )
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood ( Copy in my TBR )
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan ( Copy in my TBR )
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
53 Cold Comfort Farm - Stella Gibbons
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth .
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon ( Copy in my TBR )
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez ( Gave up on it last year - must try again some time )
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
65 Count of Monte Cristo - Alexandre Dumas
( At least , I * think * I finished it .
I definitely started it . )
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
67 Jude the Obscure - Thomas Hardy ( Copy in my TBR )
68 Bridget Jones ’s Diary - Helen Fielding
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie ( Copy in my TBR )
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville ( Copy in my TBR )
71 Oliver Twist - Charles Dickens
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
75 Ulysses - James Joyce
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
78 Germinal - Emile Zola
79 Vanity Fair - William Makepeace Thackeray ( Copy in my TBR )
80 Possession - AS Byatt .
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro ( Must have another go at this one again , too .
It was quite good , so I can't imagine why I never made it to the end . )
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert ( Copy in my TBR )
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
90 The Faraway Tree Collection - Enid Blyton
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
( The whole thing in English , but only half of it in French . )
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
100 Les Miserables - Victor Hugo
I make that 33 read , 7 part - read and 13 of which I have copies on the shelf but which I have n't yet got to .
ETA - Make that 34 read .
I missed one .
52koalamom Apr 6 , 2009 , 8:37 am looks like you got us all thinking there , richard !
53richardderus Apr 6 , 2009 , 9:32 am
Yeah , k-mom , is n't that the best thing ... thinking about books ?!
54 jhowell Apr 6 , 2009 , 11:25 am
I am too lazy to post my whole list , but I have read 59 .
I wonder what did they say was the purpose of the list ?
Most commonly read books , I am guessing .
55dchaikin Apr 6 , 2009 , 11:40 am # 54 - I was wondering the same thing .
I think it 's supposed to be 100 books that most define the average ( English ? , British ? BBC Listening ? ) reader .
57chellerystick Apr 6 , 2009 , 2:04 pm
I have seen several versions of this list going around , all with the claim about the BBC saying most people have read 6 % .
I do n't know where the six books number comes from , but as far as I can tell , the lists evolved from the " best - loved " books survey from the BBC's " Big Read " project ( list is at http://www.bbc.co.uk/arts/bigread/top100.shtml ) .
Note that best - loved novel in 2003 means a ) no nonfiction b ) nothing after 2003 c ) presumably more British tastes and d ) weighted towards stuff many people have read -- i.e. " classics " and more children 's and genre lit than you 'd see on an academic list .
58FionaRobynIngram Apr 6 , 2009 , 2:20 pm Not Completed
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling ( series seemed to change halfway )
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams ( found so boring )
Not read
9 His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman
17 Birdsong - Sebastian Faulk
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin - Louis De Bernieres
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
60 Love In The Time Of Cholera - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
69 Midnight ’s Children - Salman Rushdie
77 Swallows and Amazons - Arthur Ransome
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
88 The Five People You Meet In Heaven - Mitch Albom
93 The Wasp Factory - Iain Banks
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
I am proud to say I 've read all the rest and re-read some of my favourites regularly .
Thanks for putting up such a great list !
59mlfhlibrarian Apr 6 , 2009 , 2:57 pm Read 56 , not completed 10 .
I am English and have a degree in EngLit , specialising in Victorian novel - no prizes for guessing which titles are in my ' have read ' list !
Unfortunately my list would n't copy with the bold / italic editing .
60 jnwelch Apr 6 , 2009 , 3:56 pm
More than 3/4 of them .
It pays to be an old guy . :-)
61rocketjk Edited : Apr 6 , 2009 , 5:19 pm
Anyway , here are the books on the list I 've read .
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible ( Old Testament )
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ...
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
34 Emma - Jane Austen
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
52 Dune - Frank Herbert
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
33 1/2 for me , as I have never spent much time with the New Testament .
But I 'm not sure I agree in all cases with whoever put this list together .
For example , I 'm very glad to have spent my time reading Lord Jim and The Sun Also Rises rather than the Five People You Meet in Heaven .
And why am I proud to have read Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , as fun as it was , when , to my embarrassment , I 've yet to read Richard Wright 's Native Son ?
Guess I 'm taking it all too seriously .
Anyway , here are the books on the list I 've read .
2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee6 The Bible ( Old Testament ) 8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read some , but not others ... 16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger 22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky30
The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame34 Emma - Jane Austen41 Animal Farm - George Orwell43 One Hundred Years of Solitude - Gabriel Garcia Marquez47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy.49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding52 Dune - Frank Herbert57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville72 Dracula - Bram Stoker76 The Bell Jar - Sylvia Plath83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker85 Madame Bovary - Gustave Flaubert89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole97 The Three Musketeers - Alexandre Dumas98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare99 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory - Roald Dahl
62whymaggiemay Edited : Mar 15 , 2010 , 6:33 pm
Those I 've Read :
1 Pride and Prejudice - Jane Austen
3 Jane Eyre - Charlotte Bronte
4 Harry Potter series - JK
Rowling
5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
13 Catch 22 - Joseph Heller
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare - read 10 plays , a few sonnets , nothing else
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
21 Gone With The Wind - Margaret Mitchell
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
34 Emma - Jane Austen
35 Persuasion - Jane Austen
36 The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe
37 The Kite Runner - Khaled Hosseini
39 Memoirs of a Geisha - Arthur Golden
40 Winnie the Pooh - AA Milne
45 The Woman in White - Wilkie Collins
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
47 Far From The Madding Crowd - Thomas Hardy .
49 Lord of the Flies - William Golding
51 Life of Pi - Yann Martel
54 Sense and Sensibility - Jane Austen
55 A Suitable Boy - Vikram Seth
56 The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafon
57 A Tale Of Two Cities - Charles Dickens
59 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night - time - Mark Haddon
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
62 Lolita - Vladimir Nabokov
63 The Secret History - Donna Tartt
64 The Lovely Bones - Alice Sebold
73 The Secret Garden - Frances Hodgson Burnett
74 Notes From A Small Island - Bill Bryson
81 A Christmas Carol - Charles Dickens
89 Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle -- read a few
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
94 Watership Down - Richard Adams
96 A Town Like Alice - Nevil Shute
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare – should n’t this be within the collected works ?
Those on Mt. TBR :
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolstoy
41 Animal Farm - George Orwell
50 Atonement - Ian McEwan
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley
66 On The Road - Jack Kerouac
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
72 Dracula - Bram Stoker
82 Cloud Atlas - David Mitchell
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
84 The Remains of the Day - Kazuo Ishiguro
86 A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
Updated to move three from TBR pile to " Read " pile .
63dgiovin Apr 6 , 2009 , 9:54 pm 2 The Lord of the Rings - JRR Tolkien
4 Harry Potter series - JK Rowling ( partial )
6 The Bible ( partial )
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare ( partial )
16 The Hobbit - JRR Tolkien
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
42 The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
46 Anne of Green Gables - LM
Montgomery
48 The Handmaid ’s Tale - Margaret Atwood
58 Brave New World - Aldous Huxley ( partial )
61 Of Mice and Men - John Steinbeck
70 Moby Dick - Herman Melville
83 The Color Purple - Alice Walker
87 Charlotte ’s Web - EB
White
91 Heart of Darkness - Joseph Conrad
92 The Little Prince - Antoine De Saint - Exupery
95 A Confederacy of Dunces - John Kennedy Toole
98 Hamlet - William Shakespeare
22 total , and I enjoyed all of them except The Bible , Catcher in the Rye , The Da Vinci Code , and The Color Purple .
64emaestra Apr 6 , 2009 , 10:20 pm 5 To Kill a Mockingbird - Harper Lee
6 The Bible ( ok , only parts )
7 Wuthering Heights - Emily Bronte
8 Nineteen Eighty Four - George Orwell
10 Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
11 Little Women - Louisa M Alcott
12 Tess of the D’Urbervilles - Thomas Hardy
15 Rebecca - Daphne Du Maurier
18 Catcher in the Rye - JD Salinger
19 The Time Traveller ’s Wife - Audrey Niffenegger
22 The Great Gatsby - F Scott Fitzgerald
24 War and Peace - Leo Tolstoy
25 The Hitch Hiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams
27 Crime and Punishment - Fyodor Dostoyevsky
28 Grapes of Wrath - John Steinbeck
29 Alice in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll
30 The Wind in the Willows - Kenneth Grahame
31 Anna Karenina - Leo Tolsto
DJ Hero demand " well below " expectations Analyst cuts sales estimates in the US by 1 m units , as recession bites music genre
Matt Martin Monday 26th October 2009
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Activision Publishing
Demand for Activision 's DJ
Hero in the US is " well below " expectations for the game to become even a modest success , according to analyst Doug Creutz of Cowan and Company .
The company believes that the slow down in sales of music games is not a blip , and that casual and mainstream gamers are put off by the high price of music titles during a recession , while the buzz surrounding titles such as Guitar Hero has faded .
" On DJ Hero , despite some recent positive comments from company management about pre-orders , we remain very cautious about the title 's prospects at launch , " wrote Creutz in a note to investors .
" A survey of online retailers indicates a demand profile that is well below what we would have expected to see just a few days before launch for a title that was destined to be a big ( or even modest ) success . "
Creutz anticipates that DJ Hero will only sell 600,000 units in the US during the fourth quarter , down one million units compared to Cowan 's previous 1.6 m estimate , with full year sales at 950,000 , instead of 2.5 million .
However , he added that the sequels to DJ Hero will help the game become more established , and it will eventually become a significant spin - off for Activision .
" We still believe that DJ Hero will be an important part of Activision Blizzard 's music franchise strategy , but we think it may take a few versions of the game for it to reach its full market potential ( similar to the original Guitar Hero ) . "
Following a poor September for music game sales , Creutz is also reducing estimates for combined DJ Hero , Guitar Hero 5 and Band Hero sales by over 50 per cent , from $ 408 million to $ 199 million during the 2009 calender year .
As well as a decline in Wii sales to mass - market consumers  which was a key platform for Guitar Hero  MTV's The Beatles : Rock Band took a significant share of the market from Guitar Hero 5 , added Creutz , and the hype surrounding the Hero franchise has died down .
" We probably underestimated the extent to which the 2007 - 08 peak in Guitar Hero unit sales was driven by the extreme amount of buzz around the product ,  offered Creutz .
 In retrospect Guitar Hero III likely attracted a lot of one - time buyers ( that have not returned for subsequent franchise instalments ) due to its ' it - game ' status at the time . "
Artist Bio
Kris Lewis began dreaming and flailing atop this lovely carnival ride in 1978 , in the great surround of the Jersey shore .
Growing up in a family that included 7 brothers and 1 sister provided ample fodder for his creative appetite , weaving an existence replete with love , conflict , beauty , tradition and classic Jersey brawls .
Kris ’ father provided the artistic gene and a glint of inspiration , but it was his mother who taught him the importance of hard work and dedication as he watched her raise an entire family alone after his parents ’ separation .
As an immigrant who had to flee from communist forces in her home country of Latvia , Kris ’ mother also instilled in him a love for his Latvian heritage and its traditions , which are a major influence in Kris ’ artwork .
Other influences in Kris ’ art include Alfonse Bougereau , Andrew Wyeth , Hans Holbein , Albrecht Durer , Hieronymus Bosch , Gustav Klimt , Antonio Mancini , and Jules - Bastien LePage .
His reverence for masters of old is apparent in his depiction of the human figure , which he uses as a vector for hidden stories , delicate emotion , and universal truth .
His affinity for people - watching also informs his paintings , collecting glances , gestures , miens and hints and channeling them through the canvas for the viewer to share in the experience .
After studying Illustration at The University of the Arts in Philadelphia , Kris eventually found himself living and working in Los Angeles , where he still resides and has yet to fully explore .
His paintings have been featured in galleries in cities around the world , including L.A. , San Francisco , Seattle , New York , Miami , London , and Hong Kong .
His work has also been seen in the publications Juxtapoz and Modern Painters , and featured in the books Copro / Nason : A Catalogue Raisonne and Two Faced : The Changing Face of Portraiture .
Kris Lewis’ Website
Kris Lewis at the David B. Smith Gallery
The US air force held an activation ceremony in Texas yesterday for its new cyberspace combat unit , the 24th Air Force , which will " provide combat - ready forces trained and equipped to conduct sustained cyber operations " .
The 24th will be commanded by former Minuteman missile and satellite - jamming specialist Major - General Richard Webber .
Under his command are two cyber " wings " , the 688th Information Operations Wing and the 67th Network Warfare Wing , plus combat communications units .
According to Air Force Space Command , under which the new cyber force comes , the 688th will be " exploring , developing , applying and transitioning counter information technology , strategy , tactics and data to control the information battle space " .
The unit was formerly known as the Air Force Information Operations Center , and will continue to function as an " information operations centre of excellence " .
The 67th , by contrast , seems to be a more offensive unit .
It will " execute computer network exploitation and attack " as required , and when not doing that will conduct " electronic systems security assessments " for US military units and facilities .
When fully manned up , the combined wings plus supporting units and the 24th AF headquarters are expected to number several thousand personnel , many of whom will be from new specialist career paths in cyber warfare .
Space command public affairs describes the 24th as " a battle - ready , responsive and forward - thinking team of America 's best " .
The new netwar force will be headquartered at Lackland airbase in Texas , with some personnel dispersed to bases in Oklahoma and Georgia .
The US Army and Navy are also in the process of setting up cyberwar units , and there is to be a tri-service cyber command too - co-located with the NSA ( another Defense Department tentacle ) at Fort Meade . ®
This volume contains the papers presented at ICFP 2009 , the 14th ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming , held August 31 - September 2 , 2009 in Edinburgh , Scotland .
ICFP provides a forum for researchers and practitioners to hear about the latest developments in the art and science of functional programming .
The 2009 call for papers solicited submissions on topics including language design , implementation , software - development techniques , foundations , transformation and analysis , applications , and domain - specific languages , as well as functional pearls and short experience reports .
ICFP welcomes work on all languages that encourage functional programming , including both purely applicative and imperative languages , as well as languages with objects or concurrency .
In response to the call for papers , the program committee received 101 submissions : 85 regular papers ( including 8 pearls ) and 16 experience reports .
From these , the programcommittee selected 26 regular papers and 6 experience reports for presentation at the conference .
Regular papers were evaluated according to their relevance , correctness , significance , originality , and clarity .
Pearls were evaluated similarly , except that they were not required to report original research , but were expected to be concise , instructive , and entertaining .
Regular papers and pearl submissions were strictly limited to twelve pages .
Experience reports were evaluated separately from regular papers .
An experience report is not expected to add to the body of knowledge of the functional - programming community .
Rather , it should extend the body of published , refereed , citable evidence that functional programming really works -- or describe what obstacles prevent it from working .
Each experience report is labeled as such in its title , and an experience report is shorter than a full paper : submissions were restricted to four pages , and final versions to six pages .
Each of the submissions was assigned to at least three members of the program committee .
Committee members were allowed to find external reviewers for their assigned submissions , but they were required in all cases to read the papers themselves and to form their own opinions .
Initial reviews were made available to authors , who had a two - day period in which to respond .
Further online discussion by the program committee followed .
Final decisions were made at a two - day committee meeting held in Portland , Oregon and attended in person by all but one committee member , who participated by telephone .
Reviewers disqualified themselves from reviewing any papers for which they had a conflict of interest , according to a set of strict criteria .
Program committee members with a conflict of interest for a paper were prevented from seeing any reviews or online discussion for that paper and were required to leave the room during its live discussion .
There were three submissions by members of the program committee , one of which was accepted .
These submissions were discussed after all other papers and were held to a higher standard than the other papers .
Recently by Gary North : It ’s 50th High School Reunion Day !
If monetary theory is accurate , it is a subset of general economic theory , which must also be accurate .
Monetary theory is not an independent theory of human action that is divorced analytically from a general theory of human action .
Only the Austrian School of economics believes this and adheres to it in practice .
All other systems of economic thought segregate monetary theory from general economic theory .
There is a reason for this .
Bankers for five centuries have benefited from a grant of privilege from the state : a legal privilege .
Banks are allowed to write contracts that are prohibited to all other profit - seeking agencies .
They are allowed to promise depositors immediate payment , yet they lend the depositors ’ money to borrowers .
The most detailed study of this grant of legal privilege is Prof.
J. H. DeSoto ’s 900 - page masterpiece , Money , Bank Credit , and Economic Cycles .
It is easy to read and comprehend ; you just have to stick with it .
He shows how this violation of contract law has led to inflation , the boom - bust business cycle , and depression .
You can download the book for free .
Non-Austrian
School free market economists do not challenge this legal arrangement , either in the name of economics ( counterfeiting ) or law ( special privilege ) .
They accept it .
They do more than accept it .
The applaud it , but in a value - free , totally neutral academic way .
They are apologists for this grant of privilege .
They pay an intellectual price for their cheerleading .
They cannot conceptually integrate this grant of privilege into their general theory of economic causation , which rests on a concept of private ownership and enforceable contracts .
They make no attempt to square the analytical circle .
They remain silent about this anomaly .
They pretend that their various rival theories of economic causation are coherent .
They are n’t .
PLANNING : CENTRALIZED VS .
DECENTRALIZED
A decentralized free market enables an individual to decide what are the best options for the assets he possesses .
This decentralized market transfers responsibility to the individual who owns the assets .
The assumption here is an individual is more careful about allocating the assets he owns than a distant bureaucrat is .
This system is sometimes called “ consumer sovereignty . ”
I prefer to call it “ customer ’s authority . ”
The customer has money , which is the most marketable commodity .
He therefore has economic authority — not legal authority — over the seller of a specialized good or service .
The person who has money can spend it almost anywhere .
The person who is trying to sell a specialized commodity faces a narrow , limited market .
In order to preserve customer ’s authority , the legal structure should make individuals responsible for setting prices , not distant committees .
In such a private - planning system there is no monopoly .
The government does not grant special privilege to anybody in the society .
This includes bankers .
The same rule of law that applies to the individual must also apply to bankers .
An individual is not allowed to pretend that he owns assets , writing contracts in terms of assets that he does not own .
Neither should bankers allowed to do this .
But under fractional reserve banking , bankers are allowed to lend money to individuals at a rate of interest .
They get money to lend from depositors .
Yet the depositors cannot come down the same time and take their money out of the bank .
The funds are gone — lent out .
The bank is borrowed short and lent long .
This is a violation of contract rights .
This is defrauding the depositors .
It places extra risk on the depositors , despite the fact that the bankers made a promise that there is no such risk .
An individual is not allowed to do this , but a licensed bank is .
DEUS EX MACHINA
Non-Austrian systems of economic thought treat central banks as necessarily autonomous agencies that are necessary to preserve economic growth , price stability , and predictable free markets .
Economists promote the idea that a group of bureaucrats , who can not be fired and who do not own the assets they invest , are the best sources of policy - making regarding the money supply .
Economists also promote the idea that a central bank , using information that is not available to individual economic actors , is capable of running an economy so that it will be stable , free , and productive .
The Austrian School denies this outlook .
Austrian economic theory rests on a defense of individual responsibility and personal decision - making within the framework of a private property social order .
Its members argue that a property - owning decision - maker must be made legally responsible for his actions .
This decision - maker is best able to understand what he wants to do with his assets .
He has an economic incentive to make wise decisions : profit rather than loss .
He also has better information about the conditions facing him locally .
He , not some distant committee , is the agent who has the greatest self - interest in seeing to it that he does not waste his assets .
Austrian economic theory defends a system of the private ownership of the means of production .
Why ?
Because this allows acting individuals the legal right to follow their own goals .
The concept of private ownership includes the private ownership of money : the most marketable commodity .
Austrian economic theory defends a full gold coin standard , because this legal arrangement lodges authority over property in the hands of the individual owner : his coins .
This economic theory insists that the best monetary policy is that policy which results from individual decision - making , based on the pursuit of personal self - interest and legal responsibility .
Monetary policy should be set by individual owners of private property , not by a distant bureaucratic committee that has no legal liability for the outcome of its corporate decisions .
Monetary theory should therefore reflect the presuppositions , logic , and evidence that undergird general economic theory .
Any attempt to segregate monetary theory from general economic theory is an admission of the failure of the general economic theory .
This general theory is not general , because it does not apply to monetary theory .
What is true of monetary theory is also true of monetary policy .
Any institutional arrangement that interferes with the individual in his allocation of his assets is an attempt to undermine the freedom of the individual .
It also is an attempt to undermine the productivity that is the direct result of personal responsibility and the pursuit of individual self - interest .
This outlook is basic to all free - market economic theory , yet with only the exception of the Austrian School , all schools of economic thought refuse to apply this theory to money and banking .
All other schools argue that banks should not be subject to the same laws of private property and contract that prevail in every other area of the free - market economy .
All these systems of economic thought argue for a King ’s X for bankers .
The enforcer of this King ’s X is the nation ’s central bank , which in turn has been granted by the national government a monopoly license of authority to control the monetary policy of commercial banks .
Nowhere in introductory economics textbooks do we find an analysis of central banking that is consistent with the chapter on economic cartels .
No textbook in money and banking begins with an analysis of the banking system in terms of the economic analysis that applies to a cartel .
Yet modern banking is unquestionably a cartel .
When money is controlled by a cartel that uses political power to keep out entrants into the industry , we can be sure that the members of this cartel are acting in their own economic self - interest .
They are not acting on the basis of concern for the general public .
They are not public - spirited individuals ; they are self - interested individuals , just like everybody else .
Here is an example .
When members of the school of economic thought called “ public choice theory ” analyze any government - protected cartel except central banking , they begin by showing how government protection of the cartel leads to higher prices , reduced productivity , and actions in opposition to the public interest .
Yet when public choice economists write a chapter on central banking , they abandon their entire system of economic analysis .
They speak of central bankers as public - spirited individuals who must be protected from interference by self - interested politicians , because banking is too important to be left to politicians .
What banks need is legal independence , they say .
What they need is immunity from democracy .
They seem completely oblivious to the fact that they are totally schizophrenic , analytically speaking .
This goes on , decade after decade , yet other economists do not point to this inconsistency , precisely because they hold the same position .
PRICES AND PRODUCTIVITY
Another example of the economists ’ conceptual schizophrenia is their discussion of falling prices .
They accept this for individual goods and services .
They reject it for all goods and services .
A standard criticism of a full gold coin standard is that the money supply is constant , or close to it .
The critics say that most prices will fall under such an economic regime .
The critics are correct .
When increasing productivity leads to more goods and services being offered for sale , customers find that producers must compete against each other in order to make a sale .
This leads to lower prices , or better economic terms , for whatever it is that is being offered for sale .
This is not regarded as a liability by members of the Austrian school of economics .
In all other areas of the economy , free - market economists declare that this is an advantage to customers .
But , when applied to the entire economy , what is good for individual customers is seen as being a liability for society in general .
Falling prices are now perceived as a liability , not an advantage .
While falling prices of individual services and products are hailed as a triumph of consumer sovereignty , falling prices in general are decried as a terrible outcome of a full gold coin standard .
Prices are a way of sending information to buyers and producers .
Falling prices convey accurate information regarding recent economic conditions .
They tell buyers and sellers that new conditions exist which may require even lower prices to clear the markets .
When producers factor in falling future prices , they must discover ways of buying producer goods at today ’s prices in such a way that they can sell the output of the producer goods at lower prices .
This is what Henry Ford did with the Model T .
He constantly lowered the price of the Model T , and in doing so , he increased demand .
This increase in demand let him adopt new techniques of mass production .
He was then able to purchase raw materials , transportation services , and other factors of production at ever - lower prices .
The one thing he did not cut was wages .
In 1914 , he increased wages in order to gain a steady labor force .
Immediately , absenteeism disappeared .
Nobody wanted to lose his job at the Ford Motor Company , so everybody showed up at work on time .
Nobody quit if he did n’t have to .
He wanted to keep his job .
So , for a system of mass production , Ford cut the cost of production per unit , lowered the price of the model T , and raised the income of workers who showed up on time .
Henry Ford did with his firm what every producer should attempt to do in his own firm .
When he does this , greater productivity will result in lower retail prices , and it will also result in lower costs of production .
It will produce rising real wages .
Workers are the most scarce factor of production .
Workers can quit in search of a better job .
Employers have to find ways to offer good terms to workers .
This concept of the free market is supposedly hailed by every economist who believes in the free market .
Yet , when it comes to monetary theory , they abandon this view of market competition .
Only the Austrians are consistent in their defense of falling general prices .
Only Austrians see a falling price level as an advantage to individuals and to society in general .
Falling prices indicate that things are getting less expensive , which is another way of saying that the economic order is steadily overcoming the effects of scarcity .
Non-Austrian economists insist that the central bank must increase the money supply in order to counteract falling prices .
They debate about how much the central bank should inflate , and under what rules .
They all deny that the central bank should be closed , the government should not control money , and fractional reserve banking should be made illegal because it is a violation of contract law and therefore fraudulent .
THE GOAL OF PRICE STABILITY
There is a constant criticism of a full gold coin standard that insists that there is not enough gold to run the economy .
This outlook is the implication of the outlook that I have previously described .
It is an outlook which is hostile to the idea of steadily declining prices as a result of steadily increasing productivity and a relatively fixed money supply .
It is an outlook that says prices should be stable , despite the fact that there is an increase in the number of goods and services in the society .
This is a view of economic life that says price stability is a legitimate goal of civil government .
This view is conceptually incorrect if individuals are to be allowed authority over their property , including coins .
Price stability is no more a special goal of government than price increases or price declines .
Prices should rise or fall in terms of two principles : ( 1 ) supply and demand ; ( 2 ) high bid wins .
A rising price level is unlikely under a full gold coin standard .
I know of no case in which such a standard has prevailed in which prices generally rose .
Of course , the last time such a system was fully in operation was in the Byzantine Empire , from the fourth century to the 15th century .
Fractional reserve banking has always reared its ugly inflationary head to compromise a full gold coin standard .
But the reality of the West ’s international gold standard , from 1815 to 1914 , was price stability in wholesale and retail goods .
In some cases , such as the United States after 1875 , prices fell .
Yet output continued to increase .
This was one of the most productive periods in the history of man , and yet retail prices fell in the United States .
WHY POLITICIANS HATE PRICE DEFLATION
Politicians want to be perceived as providing more money to their constituents .
This means more fiat money .
They oppose price deflation .
Here is an example .
Falling prices tend to produce lower interest rates .
If someone lends money at 5 % per annum , and the rate of inflation increases to 5 % per annum , he has lost money .
He will have to pay income taxes on his profits , yet the money that he gets back is worth no more than the money he lent in the first place .
When prices are relatively stable , and he lends at 3 % , he makes money on the transaction .
He pays income taxes on his 3 % return .
When prices are falling by 2 % per annum , he can lend money at 1 % per annum and come out ahead .
He pays taxes only on the 1 % return .
Politicians are hostile to the idea of a currency unit that is appreciating in value : falling prices .
Because recipients of government money receive more real income from the government than before , the government must steadily cut nominal benefits .
This looks as though the government is cutting back on its promised benefits .
The public does not understand that this is not really a cut - back in terms of purchasing power .
In the United States , Social Security retirement benefits have a built - in cost - of - living adjustment ( COLA ) .
Beneficiaries receive more income next year if prices rise this year , i.e. , if the dollar depreciates .
But the law does not allow for reduced benefits if prices fall .
That would be politically suicidal .
So there is no cost - of - living adjustment on the downside .
Politicians know how their bread is buttered .
It is not buttered by price deflation .
This is why governments will do almost anything to make certain that the price level does not fall .
Most governments prefer that the price level rise at 2 % to 3 % per annum .
When this is true , interest rates rise , and they collect more nominal revenues from people who lend money at interest .
Politicians want those increased revenues , which they will spend with loud fanfare in the districts back home .
So , they want a depreciating currency unit .
This is what they get .
This is why governments , decade after decade , fail to demand that the central bank bring price increases under control .
This is because politicians have no intention of bringing price increases under control .
They have a deliberate and self - conscious preference for rising prices , which lead to increased nominal tax revenues and rising nominal payments to voters .
“ Your government is on your side .
Blame higher prices on greedy capitalists . ”
MORE CHOICES ( OPTIONS )
If wealth is marked by your ability to buy more today than you could buy a decade ago , what does it matter whether you have more money , when prices have fallen in comparison to a decade ago ?
Your real income has increased .
You can buy more goods and services .
To put it more generally , you have an increased number of options for the amount of money that you possess .
The amount of money you possess is irrelevant ; it is the increase in the options available to you that is important .
This is the best definition of increased wealth .
You want to be able to increase the number of options that you can make with your assets .
If you can increase the number of options available , you have become richer .
The government should not promote higher prices , lower prices , or stable prices .
To imagine that the government should pursue a specific goal regarding prices is to imagine that governments should interfere with private decisions of acting individuals .
It is the idea that a group of government officials is better able to determine what prices should be than the general public — sellers versus sellers , buyers versus buyers — can produce as a result of their competition .
Once again , we see the idea that a group of government bureaucrats , who possess monopolistic power , are more reliable in setting economic goals for society than are the property owning members of the society .
Once again , we see a breakdown of economic analysis .
The free market economist tells us that it is good for consumers to be left free to pursue their self - interest .
Then they tell us that , in the case of pricing , a government committee , or committee of a central bank that has been licensed by the government , is the proper locus of authority for setting prices in general .
Nobody sets prices in general ; prices in general are a statistical phenomenon .
Individual prices are set by individual competition .
When a government committee or a central bank committee interferes with pricing , this necessarily mandates a reduction of personal responsibility on the part of property owners .
Such interference is promoted by every school economic opinion except the Austrian school .
Every other system of economics promotes the idea that a committee in charge of money has the best information available , and therefore has not only the legal right but the responsibility to interfere with individual transactions , so as to affect the general price level .
The means by which the committee is to do this is by increasing or decreasing the monetary base of the central bank : the balance sheet of the central bank .
The central bankers buy assets , generally government debt , or sell assets in order to achieve a particular statistical outcome of a statistical phenomenon known as the price level .
FRACTIONAL RESERVE BANKING
When central banks are granted this degree of authority by the government , the result is predictable : rising prices .
Central banks are inherently inflationary .
This is because fractional reserve banking is inherently inflationary .
A fractional reserve banking system grants a special right or privilege to licensed banks .
They can lawfully expand the money supply .
Let us say that the central bank buys a million dollars of government bonds .
The Treasury deposits this million dollars in its account .
Then it writes a check to some agency or business .
The recipient bank then lends $ 900,000 and sends $ 100,000 to the regional Federal Reserve bank as its legal reserve .
Next , the borrower ’s bank does the same thing .
Through the banking system , if there is a 10 % legal reserve requirement , $ 9 million in new money will be generated throughout the banking system .
( But not if banks keep excess reserves at the FED . )
This is leveraged counterfeiting .
The central bank creates money out of nothing to buy the original asset , and the fractional reserve banking system continues the process of counterfeiting until all of the reserves are exhausted .
The enormous profitability of bank capital comes as a result of the legal authorization of commercial banks to counterfeit money .
They lend counterfeit money at interest , and so their profits on capital are higher than any other industry .
Their profits are higher because they are counterfeiters .
This is been known in theory since the early 19th century , but no modern society has ever imposed 100 % reserve requirements on the banking system .
A system of 100 % reserves did prevail at one central bank for over a century , that was the central bank of the Netherlands in the 16th and 17th centuries .
That bank had 100 % reserves .
But that model was abandoned with the coming of the Bank of England in 1694 .
Fractional reserve banking , which is protected by a central bank that has been granted monopoly power by the civil government .
This is the model by which all societies are governed today .
CONCLUSION
Monetary policy today is set by banks that are not governed by the same theory of contracts that binds individuals .
This has led economists to operate in terms of two theories of economic causation : one for banks and another for individuals .
Non-Austrian free - market economists offer a theory of economic causation for the market in general ; then they abandon this theory when they get to fractional reserve banking and central banking .
They offer no developed theory of economic causation regarding money and banking .
They do not explain why this methodological schizophrenia does not undermine their general theory , their monetary theory or both .
The great exception was Murray Rothbard , whose textbook on money and banking , The Mystery of Banking , attacks fractional reserve banking as a violation of the laws of property .
That book immediately went out of print .
I know .
My Institute for Christian Economics got the publishing rights from Rothbard .
I failed to publish it .
So , years later , I gave the rights to the Mises Institute .
You can download it for free .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
The computer did not like ' repetition ' in the speech Winston Churchill 's iconic " fight them on the beaches " speech did not make the grade when it was marked by a computer system , exam experts have said .
And extracts from modern classics such as Lord of the Flies by William Golding and a novel by Ernest Hemingway also failed to impress the computer .
All were marked down by a US program designed to assess students ' essays .
UK exam boards and the qualifications development agency are experimenting with similar procedures .
At the moment , in the UK , computers are used only to mark some GCSE multiple - choice exam papers , in which there are right and wrong answers .
But exam boards are working on systems which would allow pupils to sit their exams online and for them to be marked by computer .
The agency responsible for developing such things - QCDA - has also run trials .
' Repetition ' David Wright , chief executive of the Chartered Institute of Educational Assessment ( CIEA ) , said Churchill 's Battle of Britain radio speech in 1940 , known as " Their Finest Hour " , was marked down for repetition and the wrong use of words .
The institute - which represents exam boards and other bodies involved with testing and assessment - had put the speech and works by various authors through a system currently used in America .
Emotion is something it can't deal with , human beings are built on emotion
David Wright , ICEA
The speech begins : " What General Weygand has called the Battle of France is over : the Battle of Britain is about to begin .
" Upon this battle depends the survival of Christian civilisation .
Upon it depends our own British life , and the long continuity of our institutions and our Empire .
" The whole fury and might of the enemy must very soon be turned on us . "
But Mr Wright said the computer marking the speech had not liked the repetition of the words " upon " and " our " and stated that the word " might " had been used wrongly .
Mr Wright said : " Emotion is something it can't deal with , human beings are built on emotion . "
Only multiple choice exam papers are currently marked online As for William Golding , an extract from Lord of the Flies was criticised as having " inaccurate and erratic sentence structure " .
Ernest Hemingway 's The End of Something was also marked as not up to standard .
In this case , the writer was said to have " shown lack of care in style of writing and vocabulary " .
The deputy head of the CIEA , Graham Herbert , said : " It is an issue we have found with computer marking : a computer does not understand emotion and purpose . "
The subtleties of the English language were something a computer could miss , he said .
Mr Herbert said online assessment was good for marking multiple choice or short answers .
But he added : " When it is being used to assess complex English language , then it begins to show its limitations . "
One of the exam boards which had been looking at the possible use of computers to mark essay questions was Edexcel , but it has no plans to bring this in .
A spokeswoman for the exam board said : " We are not planning to use this technology for any GQ ( general qualification ) exams .
" Edexcel trialled computerised automated marking of essay questions on dummy GCSE scripts in 2006 .
These were very small scale and we have decided not to pursue them at this time . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pictured : Harrowing ordeal of the baby elephants bound and beaten to become circus stars
Pulled to the ground by a web of ropes , a baby elephant learns the hard way how to become a circus performer .
In case the youngster does n't want to co-operate , a trainer stands by with one of the sharp metal hooks used to manage the animals .
The disturbing picture is one of a series taken by a former trainer which campaigners say reveal the brutal reality of how elephants are prepared for circus work .
Trussed : Bound by its neck , legs and trunk and watched by a man with a hook , a baby elephant learns to lie down
Down :
A trainer manages the animal with a sharp metal hook
The pictures show them being dragged to the ground by ropes , chained side by side , pinned down by a hook in the back of the neck and checked by cattleprods .
Peta - People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals - say the elephants are also separated from their mothers by force .
Teamwork ?
A group of handlers hold the baby elephant with ropes
' Torture ' : Peta - People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals - says the methods are widespread
The photographs are being used to spearhead a campaign to tighten up laws on the use of wild beasts in circuses .
The Government here is considering legislation to impose stricter conditions on their care , training and performance , particularly where young are concerned .
Campaign :
The photos are being used to spearhead an effort to tighten laws over the use of wild beasts in circuses
Revealed : A handler who died last month asked Peta to use the images to ease his conscience after he'd gone
The pictures were taken in the U.S. by handler Sammy Haddock , who worked for the Ringling Bros ' Barnum and Bailey Circus until 2005 .
They were taken more than seven years ago - but Peta says such methods are widespread , and ' effectively amount to the torture of defenceless animals ' .
Stark : Baby elephants are bound in a barn
Two against one :
The anchor elephant is trained in a barn
Haddock died last month and asked Peta to use his pictures to ease his conscience about the kind of treatment he administered during eight years at the Ringling centre in Florida .
Peta director Poorva Joshipura said : ' All the evidence suggests that the methods described by Sam Haddock are standard operating procedures . '
Dedicated areas :
The lying down outdoor training area ( l ) and sitting up area ( r )
Ringling 's dismisses Peta 's claims as ' from the last century ' and denies cruelty .
It says it separates calves from adults only when they are old enough to demonstrate natural independence .
Unnatural :
The outdoor training area where elephants learn to stand on their head
Grimace : A baby elephant is trained to sit on a tub
Video game maker Electronic
Arts is cutting 1,500 jobs , or about 17 per cent of its workforce , including a " significant " reduction in staff at its major operations in Burnaby , B.C .
The company behind such games as Madden NFL 10 and Rock Band said Monday the cuts include closure of several of its facilities across North America and dropping some of its titles to save it $ 100 million US annually .
The California - based company has about 9,000 employees , including 2,700 in Canada — 1,500 in Burnaby and the rest in Montreal and Edmonton .
A Canadian spokesman for the company said while the " reductions are significant " at its Burnaby operations , the studio there will remain open .
EA would not break down the cuts by region or comment specifically on the fate of its operations in Montreal and Edmonton .
Follows 10 % cut
The latest cuts come after EA announced at the end of last year that it would slash its workforce by about 10 per cent to save $ 120 million US a year .
At that time , EA also moved its Vancouver - based Black Box Studio , known for the popular driving game Need For Speed , to its Burnaby facility .
EA said the latest round of cuts will be complete by March and result in restructuring charges of $ 130 million to $ 150 million US .
EA said the restructuring is being done in a tough market for game sales as a result of the recession .
It plans to focus on higher - profit products .
The layoffs came alongside EA 's announcement it was buying Playfish Inc. , the creator of popular social networking games such as Who Has the Biggest Brain and Pet Society , for $ 275 million US .
That deal moves EA further into the lucrative world of social online games , which tens of millions of people play on Facebook , MySpace , the iPhone and other platforms .
" We are making tough , but right calls , " CEO John Riccitiello told investors during a conference call Monday .
Riccitiello 's comments came after EA reported a second - quarter loss of $ 391 million US , or $ 1.21 a share , 26 per cent wider than the loss from a year earlier .
The company also said it expects to report a net loss for the full fiscal year .
SOUTH BEND , Ind. --
The Notre Dame football season is officially over .
Athletic director Jack Swarbrick announced Friday that the school has decided against going to a bowl game with a 6 - 6 record , citing " unique circumstances . "
He did n't elaborate , but Swarbrick fired coach Charlie Weis after five seasons earlier this week and the search for a replacement is under way .
Swarbrick said he reached the decision after meetings with assistant coaches and team leaders .
" The unique circumstances surrounding our program at the current time prevent us from making the commitment required to compete in a bowl game , " Swarbrick said in a prepared statement .
Weis was the team 's offensive coordinator , so the team would n't have had an experienced play caller for a bowl game .
The school also likely would have lost money because their only option would have been a minor bowl .
There also have been questions about how motivated players and coaches would have been for the game .
Players actually met this week to discuss whether to play in a bowl .
Notre Dame went to the Insight Bowl in 2004 when Tyrone Willingham was fired , but the school accepted the bid before Willingham was fired .
Players at least initially were n't sure they wanted to play in the bowl , but later voted to play .
Both the offensive and defensive coordinators were still in place .
The Irish were beaten 38 - 21 by Oregon State .
The school decided against going to a bowl game in 1996 after Lou Holtz resigned as coach .
An overtime loss to USC in the regular - season finale cost them a shot at a major bowl that season .
For years , Notre Dame refused to play in bowls .
The Irish played in the Rose Bowl in 1925 , then did n't appear in another bowl until coach Ara Parseghian finally persuaded the university to let the ninth - ranked Irish play top - ranked Texas in the 1970 Cotton Bowl .
But the decision to play in bowl games came with the proviso : that Notre Dame play a higher - ranked team or one that could help the Irish improve their own ranking .
That condition no longer exists .
The Irish went to the Hawaii Bowl last season with a 6 - 6 record and beat Hawaii 49 - 21 .
" If the landscape had been different , we would have been thrilled to take part , and we certainly look forward to being part of the bowl system in the years to come , " Swarbrick said .
The Irish ended this season with four straight losses to finish at .500 for just the sixth time in 121 seasons
Aside from who the new coach will be , the two biggest questions facing the Irish are whether quarterback Jimmy Clausen or receiver Golden Tate will be back for their senior seasons .
Author Katherine Dunn spent more than 10 years training with the fighters of
in Northeast Portland’s
.
But Dunn , best known for her novel “
, ” had never fought for a purse until Tuesday afternoon .
Dunn , 64 , was carrying a bag of groceries from
to the Northwest Portland home where she has lived for more than 30 years when someone yanked the purse strap on her left shoulder so hard it spun her around .
“ I was facing this young woman who shouted , ‘ Let it go .
Let it go , ’¤ ” Dunn said .
She did not .
So , Dunn said , 25 - year - old Brandy Amber Carroll kicked her in the shin and slapped her face .
Dunn figured that gave her permission to put her years of training to work .
“ My left arm is wrapped up in the purse , her right arm is wrapped up in the purse , we ’re nose to nose and I ’m punching her as hard as I can with my right hand , ” she said .
Dunn started shouting and people walking by stopped .
But as soon as Dunn said she was being robbed , Carroll accused the author of trying to take her purse .
So the passersby just watched .
One of Dunn ’s neighbors soon came out and grabbed the purse .
Then two Trader Joe ’s employees came to accuse the woman of shoplifting .
When police showed up soon after , Carroll took off running with some groceries , but not the purse .
She did n’t get far .
Carroll , who has 2006 convictions for theft and criminal mischief , was
and charged with felony robbery and theft .
Dunn has loved boxing for nearly 30 years and has written articles and
, including freelance stories for The Oregonian .
She said she was proud of herself for putting her years of fight training to use , staying relatively calm and hanging on to her purse .
Dunn was a little disappointed not to bloody Carroll ’s nose , but pointed out she was fighting with her rear hand .
“ I would normally lead , as all good boxers do , with my left hand , ” she said .
“ But my left hand was tied up in the purse . ”
Dunn was bloodied in the scuffle and had to go to the hospital for a tetanus shot .
“ I had scratches from her fingernails , a bloody eye where she had thumbed me — it was a helter - skelter affair , ” Dunn said .
“ Getting a tetanus shot , it made me feel young again . ”
--
The Ducati team set itself a very ambitious goal when it went about re-imagining its least popular model , the Multistrada adventure bike .
The aim was to make the 2010 Multistrada a much more flexible bike than anything before it , offering proper sportsbike performance , true long - range touring abilities , easy commuting and a genuine ability to get offroad and play in the dirt .
Starting with the monstrous v-twin from the 1198 superbike , the design team has pulled together and integrated a huge range of cutting - edge technologies to get there .
In fact , with its traction control , variable engine maps and electronically adjustable Ohlins suspension , there 's a good argument to say that it'll be the most technologically advanced motorcycle in production next year .
Oh , and it 'll be much , much lighter and much , much more powerful than anything else in the adventure bike world .
Forget everything you know about Multistradas , this bike is going to be an absolute animal .
Ever since Ewan and Charley made their first trip around the world , the " adventure bike " segment has captured the public imagination .
R1200 GSes , V - Stroms , Tigers and big KTMs have all planted niche flags in the " Go Anywhere " segment , and done a fine job of the compromise between road and off - road touring .
But while a good rider can certainly put some sportsbikers ' noses out of joint astride one of these warhorses , none of them really tickle the hooligan glands .
One hundred - odd horsepower is well and good for sensible , quick roadriding , but short of putting knobblies on an R1 there has n't really been a proper attempt to meld offroad capability with true sportsbike performance .
The 2010 Ducati Multistrada 1200
So here it is , the 2010 Multistrada - and Ducati have thrown the kitchen sink at this baby , with a combination of quirky Italian design , cutting - edge technology and plain old horsepower .
This bike will be an absolute monster .
Let 's talk about the engine first - the older model Multistrada 1100 DS offered plenty of displacement but put out a fairly pedestrian 90 - odd horsepower .
The change for 2010 is more revolution than evolution - the new bike gets a version of Ducati 's hammering 1198 superbike engine , detuned to 150 horsepower .
This is one of the few cases where buyers might be relieved to hear the engine has had some power lopped off the top end - after all , the barnstorming 1198 superbike rears up like a randy stallion in third gear on an abrupt throttle input , even with the rider hunched over the front end .
One hundred and fifty horses , combined with the upright seating position of the 2010 Multistrada , will be more than enough to massage the adrenaline glands and make riders glad they wore the brown underpants .
The bike 's dry weight is also very impressive - Ducati claims that its 189kg makes it lighter than any other adventure , touring or sports - touring bike .
And that will certainly add to its impressive credentials in the sports and offroad areas .
Ducati goes all - in on electronics
While the old Multistrada ( or " many roads " ) was a fairly simple bike , the 2010 model bristles with the kind of technology you 'd expect to see on a top - shelf BMW .
Ducati Traction Control
For starters , there 's an eight - stage traction control system to keep that vicious motor in check , letting you decide exactly how much slide you want out of the rear wheel .
At level 8 , the system intervenes in milliseconds to quell the slightest wheelspin .
At level 1 , you 're on your own .
Ride by Wire throttle management
Like we 've seen on recent Yamahas , Aprilias and other sportsbikes , the twistgrip on the new Multistrada has no throttle cable at all - instead , it 's got a spring and a sensor that feeds all throttle inputs into the bike 's ECU before it decides exactly how much fuel to squirt and how much air to suck in .
This allows Ducati to offer easily switchable power modes - but more on that later .
Electronically Adjustable Ohlins Suspension
Now they 're just starting to show off - this top - shelf Ohlins suspension can be adjusted for preload , compression and rebound damping at either end without a c-spanner or screwdriver in sight .
The rider can set all these variables electronically via the digital dash .
To date and to my memory , the only other bikes to have this sort of feature have been late - model BMWs with optional ESA systems - but those do n't offer this degree of fine control .
It 's an option on the base model Multistrada but standard on the ' S ' version .
ABS
Again standard on the S model but optional on the standard model is a Bosch - Brembo ABS system .
True to the sporting nature of this bike , it can be turned off .
I 'll admit to having been a skeptic on the value of ABS on motorcycles , but recent bikes I 've tested have thoroughly convinced me it's a great addition - being able to ram on the front and rear brakes in an emergency , wet or dry , and pull up right at the edge of traction is a real lifesaver .
How it all comes together
You could spend all day long fiddling with all the electronics on the new Multistrada , choosing the perfect engine mapping , suspension settings and traction control setup for each road you turned down .
Or , you could simply choose one of the four riding modes built - in : Sports , Touring , Urban or Enduro - and choose whether you 're riding alone or with a passenger , and with or without luggage .
From there , the systems above work in concert to transform the nature of the bike from firm , slightly squirrelly , 150 hp sports mode with an abrupt throttle response , through touring , which still gives you that full 150 horses , but does it in a gentler way and backs off the suspension for comfort , to urban , which ratchets up the traction control , softens off the suspension again and drops peak power output to around 100 hp - and down to enduro mode , which raises the bike up on its suspension , gives a smooth 100 horsepower , and drops the traction control and ABS right down so you can make rooster - tails in the dirt .
It has to stand as the most thoroughly integrated and broadly conceived multi-mode option ever offered on a motorcycle , and if it works as well as it should , it seems lie the 2010 Multistrada will live up to its promise of being " four bikes in one . "
And the rest
As I mentioned before , Ducati has really thrown the kitchen sink at this bike .
Rather than go into too much detail , I 'll just mention some of the other gear that comes with it :
Dot -matrix LCD dash displaying a dizzying array of data including everything you 'd expect plus tire pressures , fuel levels , remaining fuel / distance , fuel consumption data , average speed , air temperature and the last three seasons of ' The Sopranos '
Keyless Ignition - the bike arms itself when the electronically coded key is within 2 meters , and can be started
Slipper Clutch to manage rear - wheel traction under engine braking
A mobile phone storage area in the front fairing
A natty single - sided swingarm
... and a huge range of options , from panniers and GPS units to the requisite lashings of carbon fiber you 'd expect in a Ducati options list .
Make no mistake , this is a groundbreaking bike and a huge achievement for Ducati .
It 's so much more advanced than the previous Multistrada that it almost seems worthy of a new model name .
It pushes the limits of the adventure bike segment in both directions with its frankly rude sporting performance figures and its intelligently integrated offroad abilities .
It pushes Ducati a nose ahead of BMW in the advanced technology stakes .
It 's going to be an absolute blast to ride , and it 's so much slimmer and better looking than anything else in its segment ( the Triumph Tiger is second , then daylight ) that it 's almost embarrassing .
What an outstanding machine .
I can't wait to ride one !
Linus ' blog
Eventually this might even contain some Torvalds family pictures .
Women were less likely than men to receive major funding for scientific research , according to a study from the University of Michigan Health System .
The study also found that only a quarter of all researchers , both men and women , who received a major early career award went on to get further federal funding within five years .
The study looked at 2,783 researchers who received the highly competitive early career awards called K08 or K23 .
These awards provide funding that protects a researcher 's time and include a mentoring component to help nurture a young clinician - scientist 's career .
The funding is typically for three to five years .
The researchers then matched the K award recipients to those who were awarded an R01 , a prestigious federal grant that is a milestone in a researcher 's career .
They found that within five years of a K08 or K23 award , only 23 percent of all researchers had attained an R01 .
But while 25 percent of men had been awarded an R01 , only 19 percent of women had .
After 10 years , fewer than half of all K awardees had an R01 : 36 percent of women and 46 percent of men .
Results appear in the Dec. 1 issue of Annals of Internal Medicine .
" It 's concerning that the whole group is not succeeding at a higher rate , and it is especially concerning that the women are doing even worse than the men , " says lead study author Reshma Jagsi , M.D. , D. Phil. , assistant professor of radiation oncology at the U - M Medical School .
advertisement
" The K08 and K23 grants are highly competitive , prestigious awards that are supposed to help young scientists become independent investigators .
People who get these awards are expected to be the best and the brightest , and they are expected to succeed .
They not only have the aptitude for and commitment to research , but the grant is supposed to give them the resources they need -- protected time and mentorship , " Jagsi adds .
The authors suggest that family demands , including childbirth , could pull some women scientists from their careers .
Women may also be more likely to feel pressures to contribute to the clinical workload and be less successful at negotiating with their department chairs for adequate time to devote to research .
The authors also say some of the fall - off between a K award and an R01 may occur as researchers choose other career paths , such as leadership or administrative roles .
They believe further research is necessary to understand how to retain promising young physicians in research careers .
" We in academic medicine need to work harder to help promising young researchers succeed , " says senior study author Peter Ubel , M.D. , professor of internal medicine and director of the Center for Behavioral and Decision Sciences in Medicine at the U - M Medical School .
" Research takes time and energy , and when young researchers are trying to balance work and family , the major breakthroughs might have to wait a few extra years .
New researchers not only need time , they need mentorship .
And they need department chairs who understand that scientific success does not require researchers committing every aspect of their lives to their science , " Ubel adds .
The study authors urge strengthening the mentoring component of the K awards and considering an increase to the award amounts .
" We as a society have invested critical resources in these individuals .
Our findings suggest dysfunction in the pipeline of physician - scientists , " Jagsi says .
" This is not an easy career path for anyone , and it may be particularly hard for women .
We need to figure out how to make this a more tenable career path , and right now both men and women seem to need additional support . "
Additional authors : Amy Motomura , Kent Griffith , Soumya Rangarajan , all from U-M
Funding : Joan F. Giambalvo Memorial Fund from the American Medical Association Women Physicians Congress
The summit failed to deliver a way to halt dangerous climate change About 45,000 travelled to the UN climate summit in Copenhagen - the vast majority convinced of the need for a new global agreement on climate change .
So why did the summit end without one , just an acknowledgement of a deal struck by five nations , led by the US .
And why did delegates leave the Danish capital without agreement that something significantly stronger should emerge next year ?
Our environment correspondent Richard Black looks at eight reasons that might have played a part .
1 . KEY GOVERNMENTS DO NOT WANT A GLOBAL DEAL Until the end of this summit , it appeared that all governments wanted to keep the keys to combating climate change within the UN climate convention .
In the end , a deal was struck behind closed doors , not by the conference Implicit in the convention , though , is the idea that governments take account of each others ' positions and actually negotiate .
That happened at the Kyoto summit .
Developed nations arrived arguing for a wide range of desired outcomes ; during negotiations , positions converged , and a negotiated deal was done .
In Copenhagen , everyone talked ; but no - one really listened .
The end of the meeting saw leaders of the US and the BASIC group of countries ( Brazil , South Africa , India and China ) hammering out a last - minute deal in a back room as though the nine months of talks leading up to this summit , and the Bali Action Plan to which they had all committed two years previously , did not exist .
THE COPENHAGEN ACCORD
Documents in full [ 163 KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
Over the last few years , statements on climate change have been made in other bodies such as the G8 , Major Economies Forum ( MEF ) and Asia - Pacific Economic Co-operation forum ( APEC ) , which do not have formal negotiations , and where outcomes are not legally binding .
It appears now that this is the arrangement preferred by the big countries ( meaning the US and the BASIC group ) .
Language in the " Copenhagen Accord " could have been taken from - indeed , some passages were reportedly taken from , via the mechanism of copying and pasting - G8 and MEF declarations .
The logical conclusion is that this is the arrangement that the big players now prefer - an informal setting , where each country says what it is prepared to do - where nothing is negotiated and nothing is legally binding .
2 . THE US POLITICAL SYSTEM
Just about every other country involved in the UN talks has a single chain of command ; when the president or prime minister speaks , he or she is able to make commitments for the entire government .
Not so the US .
The president is not able to pledge anything that Congress will not support , and his inability to step up the US offer in Copenhagen was probably the single biggest impediment to other parties improving theirs .
Viewed internationally , the US effectively has two governments , each with power of veto over the other .
Doubtless the founding fathers had their reasons .
But it makes the US a nation apart in these processes , often unable to state what its position is or to move that position - a nightmare for other countries ' negotiators .
3 . BAD TIMING
Although the Bali Action Plan was drawn up two years ago , it is only one year since Barack Obama entered the White House and initiated attempts to curb US carbon emissions .
Copenhagen probably came a year too early in Barack Obama 's presidency
He is also attempting major healthcare reforms ; and both measures are proving highly difficult .
If the Copenhagen summit had come a year later , perhaps Mr Obama would have been able to speak from firmer ground , and perhaps offer some indication of further action down the line - indications that might have induced other countries to step up their own offers .
As it is , he was in a position to offer nothing - and other countries responded in kind .
4 . THE HOST GOVERNMENT
In many ways , Denmark was an excellent summit host .
Copenhagen was a friendly and capable city , transport links worked , Bella Center food outlets remained open through the long negotiating nights .
Developing nations accused the hosts of holding talks behind closed doors
Climate negotiations ' suspended '
But the government of Lars Lokke Rasmussen got things badly , badly wrong .
Even before the summit began , his office put forward a draft political declaration to a select group of " important countries " - thereby annoying every country not on the list , including most of the ones that feel seriously threatened by climate impacts .
The chief Danish negotiator Thomas Becker was sacked just weeks before the summit amid tales of a huge rift between Mr Rasmussen 's office and the climate department of minister Connie Hedegaard .
This destroyed the atmosphere of trust that developing country negotiators had established with Mr Becker .
Procedurally , the summit was a farce , with the Danes trying to hurry things along so that a conclusion could be reached , bringing protest after protest from some of the developing countries that had presumed everything on the table would be properly negotiated .
Suspensions of sessions became routine .
Despite the roasting they had received over the first " Danish text " , repeatedly the hosts said they were preparing new documents - which should have been the job of the independent chairs of the various negotiating strands .
China 's chief negotiator was barred by security for the first three days of the meeting - a serious issue that should have been sorted out after day one .
This was said to have left the Chinese delegation in high dudgeon .
When Mr Rasmussen took over for the high - level talks , it became quickly evident that he understood neither the climate convention itself nor the politics of the issue .
Experienced observers said they had rarely seen a UN summit more ineptly chaired .
It is hard to escape the conclusion that the prime minister 's office envisaged the summit as an opportunity to cover Denmark and Mr Rasmussen in glory - a " made in Denmark " pact that would solve climate change .
Most of us , I suspect , will remember the city and people of Copenhagen with some affection .
But it is likely that history will judge that the government 's political handling of the summit covered the prime minister in something markedly less fragrant than glory .
5 . THE WEATHER Although " climate sceptical " issues made hardly a stir in the plenary sessions , any delegate wavering as to the scientific credibility of the " climate threat " would hardly have been convinced by the freezing weather and - on the last few days - the snow that blanketed routes from city centre to Bella Center .
Reporting that the " noughties " had been the warmest decade since instrumental records began , the World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) noted " except in parts of North America " .
If the US public had experienced the searing heat and prolonged droughts and seriously perturbed rainfall patterns seen in other corners of the globe , would they have pressed their senators harder on climate action over the past few years ?
6 . 24 -HOUR NEWS CULTURE
The way this deal was concocted and announced was perhaps the logical conclusion of a news culture wherein it is more important to beam a speaking president live into peoples ' homes from the other side of the world than it is to evaluate what has happened and give a balanced account .
Thousands of journalists covered every twist and turn at the summit The Obama White House mounted a surgical strike of astounding effectiveness ( and astounding cynicism ) that saw the president announcing a deal live on TV before anyone - even most of the governments involved in the talks - knew a deal had been done .
The news went first to the White House lobby journalists travelling with the president .
With due respect , they are not as well equipped to ask critical questions as the environment specialists who had spent the previous two weeks at the Bella Center .
After the event , of course , journalists pored over the details .
But the agenda had already been set ; by the time those articles emerged , anyone who was not particularly interested in the issue would have come to believe that a deal on climate change had been done , with the US providing leadership to the global community .
The 24 - hour live news culture did not make the Copenhagen Accord .
But its existence offered the White House a way to keep the accord 's chief architect away from all meaningful scrutiny while telling the world of his triumph .
7 . EU POLITICS
For about two hours on Friday night , the EU held the fate of the Obama - BASIC " accord " in its hands , as leaders who had been sideswiped by the afternoon 's diplomatic coup d'etat struggled to make sense of what had happened and decide the appropriate response .
The EU called the deal disappointing , so why did the 27 - nation bloc accept it ?
If the EU had declined to endorse the deal at that point , a substantial number of developing countries would have followed suit , and the accord would now be simply an informal agreement between a handful of countries - symbolising the failure of the summit to agree anything close to the EU 's minimum requirements , and putting some beef behind Europe 's insistence that something significant must be achieved next time around .
So why did the EU endorse such an emasculated document , given that several leaders beforehand had declared that no deal would be better than a weak deal ?
The answer probably lies in a mixture - in proportions that can only be guessed at - of three factors : • Politics as usual - ie never go against the US , particularly the Obama US , and always emerge with something to claim as a success • EU expansion , which has increased the proportion of governments in the bloc that are unconvinced of the arguments for constraining emissions •
The fact that important EU nations , in particular France and the UK , had invested significant political capital in preparing the ground for a deal - tying up a pact on finance with Ethiopia 's President Meles Zenawi , and mounting a major diplomatic push on Thursday when it appeared things might unravel .
Having prepared the bed for US and Chinese leaders and having hoped to share it with them as equal partners , acquiescing to an outcome that it did not want announced in a manner that gave it no respect arguably leaves the EU cast in a role rather less dignified that it might have imagined .
8 . CAMPAIGNERS GOT THEIR STRATEGIES WRONG
An incredible amount of messaging and consultation went on behind the scenes in the run-up to this meeting , as vast numbers of campaign groups from all over the planet strived to co-ordinate their " messaging " in order to maximise the chances of achieving their desired outcome .
The messaging had been - in its broadest terms - to praise China , India , Brazil and the other major developing countries that pledged to constrain the growth in their emissions ; to go easy on Barack Obama ; and to lambast the countries ( Canada , Russia , the EU ) that campaigners felt could and should do more .
Now , post - mortems are being held , and all those positions are up for review .
US groups are still giving Mr Obama more brickbats than bouquets , for fear of wrecking Congressional legislation - but a change of stance is possible .
Having seen the deal emerge that the real leaders of China , India and the other large developing countries evidently wanted , how will those countries now be treated ?
How do you campaign in China - or in Saudi Arabia , another influential country that emerged with a favourable outcome ?
The situation is especially demanding for those organisations that have traditionally supported the developing world on a range of issues against what they see as the west 's damaging dominance .
After Copenhagen , there is no " developing world " - there are several .
Responding to this new world order is a challenge for campaign groups , as it will be for politicians in the old centres of world power .
Why do you think Copenhagen failed to deliver a deal ?
You can send us your views using the form below : A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Your comments : Western leaders do n't have any mandate from voters for implementing the radical policies required to limit atmospheric C02 .
And the Chinese leadership wo n't implement any measures that might ferment popular opposition .
So how could this conference have ever " succeeded " ?
David , Wallasey , UK The Copenhagen summit on climate change failed for only a simple reason : the lack of political will to understand , recognise and accept the scientific evidence and the worldwide daily havoc that is testimony of the reality of climate change .
Gervais Marcel , Valetta , Malta
It failed to deliver because tackling climate change is contrary to the infinite economic growth theory that underpins capitalist economics and western consumerism .
However , as we live on a finite planet , something will have to give .
Mr R Higgins , Northumberland , UK Copenhagen failed to deliver a deal because humans have forgotten humanity .
Shyam Godar , Belgium I would add the following reasons : 1 Climate control enthusiasts " avant la lettre " are inclined to overstate their own opinion as being the right one .
2
The motivation from many countries ' governments to participate in climate control talks is money .
3 Congresses do not make decisions .
4
Many individual parties had made statements to the public in advance what kind of deal should be realised , and therefore they were imprisoned by their own premature positions .
Gert Eussen , Oostende , Belgium
The very premise that the conference is based on is faulty .
Man -made global warming driven by CO2 is bunk .
David Guy , Rehovot , Israel
The more political an issue gets , the more perverted it gets .
Climate change is a political hoax and scientific fraud .
The whole thing stinks , any binding agreements on cuts in CO2 emissions would only have led to oppression and misery .
Anders Ericsson , Mariestad , Sweden Mr Black makes very insightful observations on eight points .
But he has overlooked a ninth point , one which was completely and inexplicably overlooked at Copenhagen .
If the participants had invoked the spectre of Peak Oil , the delegates would have had a second imperative to action .
The peaking of global oil production , declining export capacity , declining net energy and the lack of viable substitutes for petroleum - these four issues are additional reasons why we need urgent and cooperative action to begin the transition .
Rick Munroe , Howe Island , Ontario , Canada
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How We Invaded Afghanistan
I was the head of the KGB ’s foreign counterintelligence branch when the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan on Dec. 24 , 1979 .
The fateful order to send our military into such difficult terrain was by no means a foregone conclusion .
Before Soviet leaders made the final call , we wrung our hands , considered our options , and argued among ourselves .
Here is the inside story of how that wrenching decision was made .
At the time , I viewed Afghanistan as a country within the Soviet sphere of interest and thought we had to do whatever possible to prevent the Americans and the CIA from installing an anti-Soviet regime there .
How wrong I would turn out to be .
My first and only trip to Afghanistan came in August 1978 .
Four months earlier , a pro-Communist coup headed by Noor Mohammad Taraki had overthrown the government of Mohammad Daoud , killing him and his family .
Moscow had not been overjoyed by news of the coup , for in Daoud we had enjoyed a stable ally and relative peace along our southern border .
Reports soon began to filter back to KGB headquarters in Moscow of growing Islamic opposition in Afghanistan to the new Taraki regime .
My KGB colleague Vladimir Kryuchkov and I were then sent to Kabul on a fact - finding mission .
Our objectives included signing a cooperation agreement between the Soviet and Afghan intelligence services .
What we found on the ground was not encouraging .
Kabul struck me as a big village , with worse poverty than I had seen on my prior visits to India .
We had wanted to visit the southeastern city of Jalalabad , but Afghan officials said it was not safe — a troubling signal that the situation was less rosy than our hosts portrayed it .
Kryuchkov and I proceeded to meet the Afghan leaders who had slaughtered their opponents to gain power , and who later would die by the sword themselves .
Taraki , who had co-founded Afghanistan ’s Communist party in 1965 and personally ordered the murder of Daoud , was by then a fragile , stooped old man .
In his advancing age , he struck me as a fuss - budget given to general utterances , and I saw then that he did n’t have the physical strength or the political backing to continue to lead the country for long .
The man who eventually would depose Taraki , Hafizullah Amin , was a far more physically impressive figure .
Amin was a dark , handsome man with glittering eyes .
He was the shrewdest and most literate of the officials I met in Afghanistan , and when we discovered that we had both studied in New York at Columbia University , we hit it off immediately .
We spoke to each other in English and reminisced about old haunts and familiar landmarks in the Big Apple .
When we parted he gave me a big hug and invited me back as his personal guest .
( I would never get the chance .
The following year , KGB special forces troops gunned down Amin at the presidential palace as Soviet troops took over the city . )
In several meetings during that 1978 visit , I spoke with top officers from the Afghan police and state security , instructing them on how to fight the growing CIA presence in Kabul and throughout the country .
The Afghans had almost no experience with the Americans , and I told them , among other things , about how to follow and eavesdrop on American intelligence agents .
We later provided them cameras and electronic listening equipment .
" You have lots of American agents here and good opportunities to work against them , " I told the Afghan security officers .
" We ’ll do everything we can to help you . "
Throughout the visit , we were treated as elder brothers , and I left feeling that , although opposition was growing , the situation was relatively well in hand .
After that trip , I returned to Moscow , where on the orders of KGB chief Yuri Andropov , I drew up a plan of active measures and general strategy for Afghanistan .
My list included the following ideas :
The Afghans should gather evidence on the training of Islamic guerrilla groups in Pakistan and then publicly accuse Pakistan of unleashing aggression against the Afghan people .
The Afghan leadership should send a letter to the Iranian leader Ayatollah Khomeini professing support for the Iranian revolution and expressing hope the two governments will work closely together .
The rebels in the Herat area should be declared mercenaries of U.S. imperialism and world Zionism , as well as remnants of the overthrown Iranian monarchy .
American citizens suspected of CIA affiliations should be expelled from Afghanistan .
Pro-government clergy should address the people and rallies should be held among youth , workers , and peasants in support of the revolution .
Popular militias and committees " In Defense of the Revolution " should be established .
The rebels ’ rear should be raided to destroy their radio transmitters , bases , and munitions warehouses .
More pro-Taraki radio stations must be created inside the country and the number of Afghan broadcasts from stations inside the Soviet Union should be increased .
Soviet advisers should be sent into Afghanistan , reconnaissance flights over Afghanistan should be increased , and Soviet troops on the Afghan border should be reinforced and put on combat alert .
However , as would soon be evident , Afghanistan would not bend to our will .
In the fall of 1979 , after Amin murdered Taraki , the situation in Afghanistan was clearly deteriorating .
KGB officers on the ground argued that if Moscow did not intervene more aggressively , Amin would surely be overthrown and an Islamic government installed .
I attended a meeting of KGB intelligence and Soviet military intelligence in which the GRU [ Soviet military intelligence ] chief , General Ivashutin , argued strenuously for an invasion .
" There is no other alternative but to introduce our troops to support the Afghan government and crush the rebels , " he said .
Still , Andropov remained against the introduction of troops .
Only under pressure from Defense Minister Dimitri Ustinov did he reluctantly come around to the view that the Soviet military would have to invade .
From that moment on , the KGB played a pivotal role in the events in Afghanistan .
Indeed , all intelligence information — from the GRU , the KGB , and the foreign ministry — had to be funneled through KGB intelligence before being presented to the Politburo in Moscow .
That was a serious mistake .
My KGB colleagues began filtering out bad news , exaggerating our achievements , and telling then - general secretary of the Communist party Leonid Brezhnev and the Politburo what they wanted to hear .
It only prolonged the war and the suffering .
Unfortunately , the pivotal decision to invade Afghanistan was one we could not take back .
Ten Cool Things You Did Not Know About Your Hard Drive
Description :
This video is about the top 10 things most people do not know about hard drives that came out of my classes I teach on physical rebuilds of hard drives .
I did this speech at Shmoocon 2009 to a packed room .
This speech comprises at least 10 things that are 2+2=5 type situations people do not realize about hard drives .
For Example , Data is written in Cylinders on hard drives , all partitions are created on Cylinder Boundaries and that leaves an offset from the end of one partition to the next which leaves a gap between partitions that is unusable or free space at the end of the disk .
Since the outer edge of a disk starting at Track 0 is the FASTEST location on the drive , and the first partition is created on a cylinder boundary at the outside edge , then each and every partition you create on the disk is further into the disk on a cylinder boundary .
This means the second partition is slower than the first partition due to its location on the disk .
So for YOU MAC OSX USERS that created a WINDOW partition on your drive , YOU just installed Windows on the SLOWEST part of your hard drive .
The presentation is available here .
Tags : basics ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
Linux Hotplug a CPU and Disable CPU Cores At Run Time
Tutorial details Difficulty Intermediate ( rss ) Root privileges Yes Requirements None Time 5m
ADVERTISEMENTS
List all current cpus and cores in the system
I would like to dynamically enable or disable a CPU on a running system .
How do I hotplug a CPU on a running Linux system ?
How do I disable cpu cores on a Linux operating system at run time ?
Linux kernel does supports cpu-hotplug mechanism .
You can enable or disable CPU or CPU core without a system reboot .
CPU hotplug is not just useful to replace defective components it can also be applied in other contexts to increase the productivity of a system .
For example on a single system running multiple Linux partitions , as the workloads change it would be extremely useful to be able to move CPUs from one partition to the next as required without rebooting or interrupting the workloads .
[ donotprint ] [ / donotprint ]
This is known as dynamic partitioning .
Other applications include Instant Capacity on Demand where extra CPUs are present in a system but are n’t activated .
This is useful for customers that predict growth and therefore the need for more computing power but do not have at the time of purchase the means to afford .
Please note that not all server supports cpu hotplug but almost all server can support disabling or enabling cpu core on a Linux operating systems .
There are couple OEMS that support NUMA hardware which are hot pluggable as well , where physical node insertion and removal require support for CPU hotplug .
This tutorial will explain how to hotplug a cpu and disable / enable core on a Linux .
Type the following command :
# cd /sys / devices / system/cpu
# ls -l
Sample output :
total 0 drwxr - xr-x 4 root root 0 Apr 2 12:03 cpu0 drwxr - xr-x 4 root root 0 Feb 15 07:06 cpu1 drwxr - xr-x 4 root root 0 Feb 15 07:06 cpu2 drwxr - xr-x 4 root root 0 Feb 15 07:06 cpu3 drwxr - xr-x 4 root root 0 Feb 15 07:06 cpu4 drwxr - xr-x 4 root root 0 Feb 15 07:06 cpu5 drwxr - xr-x 4 root root 0 Feb 15 07:06 cpu6 drwxr - xr-x 4 root root 0 Feb 15 07:06 cpu7 - rw-r--r-- 1 root root 4096 Apr 2 12:03 sched_mc_power_savings
I ’ve total 8 core cpu logically started from cpu0 to cpu7 .
To get more human readable format , try :
# lscpu
Sample outputs :
Architecture : x86_64 CPU op - mode(s ) : 32 - bit , 64 - bit Byte Order : Little Endian CPU(s ) : 32 On- line CPU (s ) list : 0 - 31 Thread (s ) per core : 2 Core(s ) per socket : 8 Socket(s ) : 2 NUMA node(s ) : 2 Vendor ID : GenuineIntel CPU family : 6 Model : 45 Stepping : 7 CPU MHz : 2000.209 BogoMIPS : 4001.65 Virtualization : VT-x L1d cache : 32 K L1i cache : 32 K L2 cache : 256K L3 cache : 20480K NUMA node0 CPU(s ) : 0-7,16-23 NUMA node1 CPU(s ) : 8-15,24-31
Under each directory you would find an “ online ” file which is the control file to logically online / offline a processor .
How do I logically turn off ( offline ) cpu#6 ?
Warning :
It is not possible to disable CPU0 on Linux systems i.e do not try to take cpu0 offline .
Some architectures may have some special dependency on a certain CPU .
For e.g in IA64 platforms we have ability to sent platform interrupts to the OS .
a.k. a Corrected Platform Error Interrupts ( CPEI ) .
In current ACPI specifications , we did n’t have a way to change the target CPU .
Hence if the current ACPI version does n’t support such re-direction , we disable that CPU by making it not - removable .
In such cases you will also notice that the online file is missing under cpu0 .
Type the following command :
# echo 0 > /sys/ devices/system/cpu/cpu6/online
# grep " processor " / proc / cpuinfo
How do I logically turn on ( online ) cpu#6 ?
Type the following command :
# echo 1 > /sys/ devices/system/cpu/cpu6/online
# grep " processor " / proc / cpuinfo
Sample session :
How do I verify cpu is online and offline ?
Once done , you can can actually remove CPU if your BIOS and server vendor supports such operation .
Type the following cat command to see a list of cpus which are online :
# cat /sys / devices / system/cpu/online
To see a list of all offline cpus , run :
# cat /sys / devices/system/cpu/offline
Further readings :
WASHINGTON  Obama administration officials tried again on Thursday to reassure members of Congress anxious about the military buildup in Afghanistan , telling them repeatedly that American troops can begin to withdraw in July 2011 .
But the lawmakers seemed more interested in how long the withdrawal would take .
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates said July 2011 “ will be the beginning of a process , an inflection point , if you will , of transition for Afghan forces as they begin to assume greater responsibility for security . ”
He went on to say that the pace of the withdrawal would be determined by “ conditions on the ground . ”
“ It will be a gradual but inexorable process , ” Mr. Gates told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , in remarks on President Obama ’s plan to ship about 30,000 additional troops to Afghanistan next year , bringing the total American troops there to about 100,000 .
Several members of the Foreign Relations Committee clearly wanted far more specifics than Mr. Gates offered in his nuanced remarks .
Indeed , Senator Robert Menendez , Democrat of New Jersey , was skeptical even about the July 2011 target date for beginning to bring home the troops , calling it “ clearly aspirational . ”
Ciudad de M�xico | S�bado 28 de noviembre de 2009
Sara Pantoja | El Universal
09:54
Luego de percnotar en la entrada de la delegaci�n Iztapalapa el jefe delegacional en funciones , Rafael Acosta Juanito , permanece en la� explanada�en la espera de la presencia de Clara Brugada .
Por su parte , la perredista cit� a conferencia de prensa a las 12:00 horas en el hotel Holiday Inn , frente a la Plaza Oriente de la delegaci�n .
Acosta �ngeles inform � que dar� un plazo de 24 horas para que Brugada se presente a entregarle formalmente la jefatura , luego de que ayer Juanito inform � al jefe de gobierno , Marcelo Ebrard , y a�la Asamblea Legislativa sobre su regreso tras su licencia .
De no presentarse esta situaci�n , dijo que el lunes entrar� a las oficinas acompa�ado de un notario p�blico .
Durante la madrugada Juanito estuvo platicando con gente que llegaba a manifestarle su apoyo , mientras que observaba el juego de futbol que se organiz� entre miembros de su equipo y sus seguidores .
Rafael Acosta ten�a programada la asistencia a un parlamento social , donde le entregar�an un reconocimiento y se le presentar �a como " candidato ciudadano a jefe de gobierno del Distrito Federal " .
Sin embargo dicho evento fue cancelado por al situaci�n que persiste en la delegaci�n .
mma / vsg
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A new study of adults aged 70 or older found that increased servings of fruits and vegetables were significantly associated with a decrease of cognitive impairment , and that those eating three or more servings of vegetables per day had a 30 percent lower risk of death from heart disease .
The study was led by Dr. Longjian Liu , MD , PhD , a professor at the Drexel University School of Public Health .
The results of the study were first reported in the November 3 , 2009 edition of Circulation , an American Heart Association journal .
Dr. Xiaoyan
Yin at the University of Pennsylvania was the coauthor for the report .
“ The study highlights that an increase in vegetable intake and better cognitive function has significant effects on the reduction of death from heart disease , as well as death from all causes in older adults , ” said Liu .
“ Basically , this shows that even as an older adult , you should still eat your vegetables . ”
The study assessed data from the second national Longitudinal Study of Aging , which was the largest national study of community - dwelling adults aged 70 years or older at that time of participation in 1994 and 1996 .
The study examined participants ’ diet behaviors and cognitive function ( assessed using global cognitive function score ) in relation to the risk of mortality at the end of the follow - up in December 2002 .
Of the 9,447 total participants , 4,879 participants — 1,778 males and 3,101 females — completed the cognitive function measure .
Within an average seven - year follow - up , 1,286 participants died .
Males had a 30 percent mortality rate , which was significantly higher than the 24 percent mortality rate for females .
The study found that increased servings of fruits and vegetables were significantly associated with decreased prevalence rates of cognitive impairment .
In addition , the study indicated that participants who ate three or more servings of vegetables each day had a 30 percent lower risk of death from heart disease , and a 15 percent lower risk of death from all causes , than those who had less than three servings of vegetables per day .
The researchers also found that those with a global cognitive function score of less than 12 ( defined as cognitive impairment , of those who were in the first quartile of scores ) , had a 55 percent higher risk of death from heart disease , and a 51 percent higher all - cause mortality rate than those with a global cognitive function score higher than 12 .
Dr. Liu is an associate professor in the Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics at the Drexel University School of Public Health .
He has extensive research experience in the United States , China , Japan and the United Kingdom in the fields of cardiovascular disease , diabetes and cancer in relation to nutrition , aging , environment and health disparities .
Dr. Liu is a member of several scientific and professional societies , and fellow of American Heart Association .
Provided by Drexel University
For years , we have been at the service of academic writing , which includes the most popular genres of essays , including ghostwriting master ’s thesis , thesis , doctoral thesis and various research papers .
Nevertheless , the requirements of universities and colleges are becoming ever stricter and students are asking us to help with a larger number of projects .
For example , if you think that buying a Master Thesis or performing a data analysis is easy , you are wrong .
To complete Master ’s thesis , you spend hours and hours trying to avoid mistakes and show how they put theory into practice .
Would not it be easier to write a master ’s thesis – on our website ?
Sometimes we have to deal with a Master of Arts or a Master of Science , so ghostwriters have to do master theses – because the candidates are often expected to be more than can be done .
Help with master ’s thesis is therefore indispensable .
Before you place your application , let us say that we are not just another service that deals with research paper writing .
On good English :
The thesis must express the understanding of the candidate for the subject ; this must be done with precision and clarity in the required format , first tested by the candidate ’s individual supervisor and finally by the examiners we provide .
Let ’s look at all these points in turn .
Have master ’s thesis written by experienced ghostwriters
A Master Aspirant who has selected the topic within the field of study usually has to reckon with the advice of his scientific supervisor to develop relevant , engaging and novel content related to the chosen topic .
Different degree programs have different requirements .
In some areas research can be conducted in the form of surveys , interviews , fieldwork or finding and reading original documents .
In almost all cases , the candidate must demonstrate familiarity with existing theories .
In case you are looking for essays from a secure agency , you need to decide :
Trust the company , which hires subject specialists for your sample needs .
Look at what we have to offer .
With more than 500 writers and clients in almost every EU country , our office is the Europe ’s leading provider of solutions for writing , editing and writing academic works .
Write the work yourself or ask for master thesis help on our website
When buying essays , we use free samples to ensure that the result is ultimately satisfactory .
From free revisions , to the editorial review of your final sample , to robust security scans and original scans , we have all the tools you need to get the best possible essay to suit your needs .
We also offer unmatched levels of convenience through a mobile - friendly website , time - saving features and commitment to your appointment .
Our service is trustworthy and 100 % secure !
With each order , you get several bonuses that are free .
With our free revision policy , you can make changes and modifications after completing the order .
They did not read themselves – if you are not satisfied with the result , you can contact us .
We will gladly seek your feedback to ensure that we have understood your original instructions correctly .
In addition , we employ dedicated editors to ensure that your final order is reviewed internally before we send it to you .
Such a review means a free original copy from Copyscape to make sure your work is 100 % unique .
On January 17th , 1874 , 62 - year - old North Carolina resident Chang Bunker passed away in his sleep after having contracted pneumonia .
Tragically , within a few hours , his brother Eng also died .
Less than two weeks later , the widows of Chang and Eng Bunker received the following letter from Brooklyn - based ‘ Rozell , Horton & Gray ’ in which the they were offered cash in return for the bodies of their late husbands .
Usually , such a request would seem surprising , but Siam - born Chang and Eng Bunker had lived their entire 62 years joined at the sternum , their livers fused .
As a result , the term ‘ Siamese Twins ’ was born .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
Brooklyn , January 29th 1874 .
Mrs. Kang and Ang ,
We wish to negotiate with you about the Bodys of the twins it is a ( ? ) subject but we wish you to answer by Return Mail the lowest price Cash .
Confidential on our part you will oblidge us very much .
Name your price .
We would not think of proposing the subject but we think it will be for the Benifit for the County as others may be so unfortunate .
We Remain Respectfully Yours Rozell , Horton and Gray
387 Myrtle Avenue
Brooklyn
N York
— Basketball star Shaquille O'Neal offered to pay for the funeral of Shaniya Davis after seeing news of the 5 - year - old 's kidnapping and slaying , funeral director Corey R. Breece Sr. , of Rogers and Breece Funeral Home , said .
In a statement to CNN , O'Neal said , " What happened to her was tragic .
I wanted her to have a funeral that would be as beautiful as she was . "
O'Neal 's spokesperson told the network that he saw the story on Nancy Grace .
Breece said Thursday that the bill had not been paid , but that O'Neal 's representatives had expressed interest in helping with the costs .
More than 2,000 people attended her funeral Sunday .
The girl 's body was found Nov. 16 beside a rural road .
Her mother , Antionette Davis , who had reported the child missing six days earlier , is charged with human trafficking and child abuse involving prostitution .
Mario McNeill is charged with murder , rape and kidnapping in the case .
" I was sitting at home watching it on the news and the story brought a tear to my eye , " O'Neal told The Cleveland Plain Dealer newspaper .
By Mark Gregory
BBC News technology correspondent
It is hoped the plant will produce enough electricity for a small town
The world 's first power project that generates energy by mixing fresh water with sea water has opened in Norway .
The Norwegian renewable power company Statkraft has built a prototype osmotic power plant on the Oslo fiord .
It aims to produce enough electricity to light and heat a small town within five years by osmosis , the process that allows plants to absorb water .
At first it will produce a minuscule 4 kilowatts - enough to heat a large electric kettle .
But by 2015 the target is 25 megawatts - the same as a small wind farm .
With the Copenhagen climate summit just weeks away , the hunt is on for ways of producing electricity that do not put greenhouse gases into the atmosphere .
COPENHAGEN SUMMIT
Planning to attend : Leaders of Britain , Germany , France , Spain , Australia , Japan , Indonesia and Brazil Yet to commit : Leaders of the United States , China and India
Where countries stand on summit Climate : A defining issue What 's your Copenhagen solution ?
In theory at least , osmotic power ticks all the boxes .
It is emission - free , renewable and - unlike wind or solar power - works whatever the weather .
Osmotic power works by putting sea water next to fresh water separated by a membrane thin enough to allow small fresh - water molecules through but not the larger sea - water molecules laden with salt .
If a concentrated solution is in close proximity to a less concentrated solution the liquids will naturally mingle to reach the same level of dilution .
The pressure of the fresh water driving through the membrane to dilute the sea water drives a turbine that generates electricity .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Is this our last best hope to save the world ?
Jenny , UK Supporters say the technology has almost unlimited potential .
It just needs a coastline .
But detractors say osmotic power is likely to be prohibitively expensive .
One big issue is coming up with a membrane of exactly the right thickness , capable of withstanding huge pressures that does not constantly get clogged up with salt .
Many experts say tidal power is much more promising as a possible solution to the world 's energy problems .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The replica red blood cells look just like the real deal ( Image : Nishit Doshi )
Spot the difference : these are the real blood cells ( Image : Stone / Getty )
You ca n’t get blood from a stone , but it seems you can make imitation red blood cells from polymers .
Advertisement
Just like real blood cells the pretenders can squeeze through spaces much smaller than their own diameter and absorb and release substances to order , including oxygen .
They could be used to disperse drugs , or the contrast agents used in medical imaging , throughout the body with fewer side effects than direct injection .
The fake cells could also be given to people who have lost blood instead of a blood transfusion .
Biodegradable tyre
Real red blood cells owe their astonishing agility to their “ biconcave ” or tyre - like shape .
To create synthetic particles with the same agility , Samir Mitragotri of the University of California and his team got their inspiration from the way real red blood cells acquire their final shape in the body .
They start out as spherical cells which then collapse into mature red blood cells following exposure to various substances .
Similarly , Mitragotri ’s team found that if they added small balls made of a polymer called PLGA to a particular solvent , the spheres would collapse into a biconcave shape .
The researchers coated these 7 - micrometre across , tyre - shaped particles , in a layer of protein .
When they dissolved away the polymer core , a soft biodegradable protein shell was left behind with the same mechanical properties as red blood cells .
Oxygen carriers
“ The soft protein shell makes them squishy and elastic , ” says Mitragotri .
“ They can squeeze through capillaries smaller than their own diameter , just like real blood cells . ”
The fake cells also seem to share red blood cells ’ ability to transport substances .
One of the proteins Mitragotri added to the surface of the imitation blood cells was haemoglobin , the molecule that binds to oxygen in the lungs , later releasing it elsewhere in the body .
In test tube experiments , the researchers found that their haemoglobin - coated particles picked up oxygen when there was a lot around and released it later when the concentration was lower .
If the squishy particles do the same thing when injected in animals , they could be given to people instead of a blood transfusion .
To see if the protein shells could also carry drugs , Mitragotri ’s team exposed them to the anti-clotting drug heparin .
Sure enough , the particles soaked up the heparin and then released it later on when they were moved to an area of lower concentration .
Drug delivery
Mitragotri reckons that the particles could provide a way to get drugs into the body at a more constant concentration , or substances such as iron oxide nanoparticles , which increase contrast in magnetic resonance imaging .
When agents are injected directly , the concentration tends to be highest at the site of injection – dropping in concentration the further away they get .
This scenario is n’t ideal as it can cause an adverse reaction at the injection site , and lead to a shortage of the drug elsewhere .
The team also created mimics of the misshapen , crescent - like blood cells that people with sickle cell disease produce .
“ We could study them to understand how diseased cells flow in the bloodstream , which is currently quite difficult to do , ” says Mitragotri .
Elastic shape
It ’s not the first attempt at artificial red blood cells , but these are the only ones so far to have the shape and elasticity of real cells , says Mitragotri .
Joseph DeSimone , who developed fake blood cells last year , calls the new research “ exciting ” .
“ All in all , this is great progress in tackling an important problem , ” he says .
Next the team want to look at exactly how the particles behave in an animal , particularly whether they circulate in the same way as their natural counterparts .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , DOI : 10.1073_pnas.0907127106
After Cody 's second block last night , when the announcers were yammering on about him taking his helmet off , I assumed that everyone who knew anything about football would recognize that taking one 's helmet off is a foul like " excessive celebration : " no matter when it happens , it 's the penalty enforced on the next .
Play .
As it turns out , lots and lots of Tennessee fans do n't really know the rules of football .
Neither does Lane Kiffin :
" If a play 's still going , you can't take your helmet off , " Kiffin said .
" A guy throws his helmet as the ball 's still live .
He throws his helmet and then two of their guys go and recover the ball .
It 's a 15 - yard penalty , and you kick again . "
Now , it should come as no surprise that Kiffin has no idea what the rules are of the game he 's coaching .
It 's not the first time .
But , seeing all of these people come out of the woodwork to talk about " re-kicks " and other silly things has frustrated me to no end .
Allow me to explain how football works , not for the benefit of our readers , most of whom have been on top of this all from the very moment of the block , but for other fans who might need a refresher :
The Helmet Rule
First , understand that removing your helmet while on the field of play is expressly against the rules .
Rule 9 -2-1 :
Unsportsmanlike Acts
ARTICLE 1 .
There shall be no unsportsmanlike conduct or any act that interferes with orderly game administration on the part of players , substitutes , coaches , authorized attendants or any other persons subject to the rules , before the game , during the game or between periods .
a .
Specifically prohibited acts and conduct include : 1 . No player , substitute , coach or other person subject to the rules shall use abusive , threatening or obscene language or gestures , or engage in such acts that provoke ill will or are demeaning to an opponent , to game officials or to the image of the game , including but not limited to : . . .
( f) Removal of a player ’s helmet before he is in the team area ( Exceptions : Team , media or injury timeouts ; equipment adjustment ; through play ; between periods ; and during a measurement for a first down ) .
. . .
If committed while the ball is alive , these fouls are treated as dead - ball fouls .
PENALTY — Dead - ball foul or live - ball foul treated as dead - ball foul .
15 yards [ S7 and S27 ] from the succeeding spot .
Flagrant offenders , if players or substitutes , shall be disqualified [ S47 ] .
If a player or an identified squad member in uniform commits two unsportsmanlike fouls in the same game , he shall be disqualified .
Essentially what that means is that dead ball fouls are marked off on the NEXT play and do not ever result in a " re - do " of the play on which they occurred , despite what Lane Kiffin may believe .
But Tennessee could 've recovered the ball !
Well , no .
No they could n't have .
A scrimmage kick ( A.K.A. Field Goal ) is a live ball , recoverable by either team , only until it crosses the neutral zone .
At that point , the kicking team can only recover the ball once it has been touched by the defending team .
Further , if a scrimmage kick touches goes beyond the neutral zone its character changes .
From that point forward , the ball is unrecoverable by the kicking team unless it goes on to touch a player on the defending team .
To be clear , the initial block would not count toward this .
It would need to be touched again .
Further , it would need to be touched before it touched the ground beyond the neutral zone .
( See update # 2 below for correction )
Rule 2 - 15 - 1 - b states : " Any free kick or scrimmage kick continues to be a kick until it is caught or recovered by a player or becomes dead . "
Rule 4 - 3-h states that the ball becomes dead " when a return kick or scrimmage kick beyond the neutral zone is made . "
While this might seem to imply that the ball was kicked from beyond the neutral zone , what it really means is that the scrimmage kick ( the ball that has been kicked ) has crossed the neutral zone and touched something on the other side .
( See update # 2 below for correction )
Rule 5 - 4 discusses the " continuity of downs " and says that the continuity is broken in a number of circumstances like the expiration of the half or game , a change of possession during the play , failing to convert a fourth down , and so on .
In other words , no matter what down it was , after one of these things , the next down is first down .
In many cases , this means a change of possession .
One such occurrence that breaks the continuity of downs is : " ( b ) .
A scrimmage kick crosses the neutral zone . "
In short : when the ball was hit by Cody it was live and could have been recovered by either team . . . until it rolled past the neutral zone , at which point it was dead by rule ( See update # 2 below ) it was only recoverable by Alabama .
Julio Jones tracked the ball down and covered it up .
At that point , the play was over and Alabama received possession .
Update # 1 : bobo_the_vol suggests that the mere act of the ball crossing the Neutral Zone did n't result in a dead ball , so there 's at least that debatable point , but remember that in order for that to matter a ' Bama player would still have to touch it after it crossed the NZ but before a Tennessee player did .
Update # 2 : After spending a few hours last night poking around the NCAA football rule book , I see what bobo_the_vol was trying to say , and I now agree with him .
My initial interpretations of a few different clauses in the rule book were incorrect .
Upon further reading , Rule 4 - 3- h means exactly what I said it did not mean ( oops ) .
The rule that I was leaning on to provide that interpretation , after another few reads through , does n't support my assertion as I thought it did .
As a result , the initial post was incorrect : the ball was not dead before Julio fell on it .
As far as this particular play is concerned , it 's a distinction with no difference as the ball was never bobbled around and there was n't a Tennessee player anywhere in the vicinity of it when Julio touched it , so the final conclusion of this post is still valid .
Regardless , I regret the error and appreciate bobo_the_vol taking the time to educate my stubborn self .
But what if Tennessee got the ball before it crossed the neutral zone ?
Someone arguing this is probably alluding to the rule that the game can't end on a defensive penalty .
The problem is that that simple statement of the rule is not entirely correct .
A more accurate portrayal of the rule is that the game can't end on a live ball foul .
Rule 3 - 3 controls here :
Extension of Periods
ARTICLE 3 . A period shall be extended until a down ( other than a try ) , free from live - ball fouls not penalized as dead - ball fouls , has been played when :
a. A penalty is accepted for a live - ball foul (s ) not penalized as a dead - ball foul that occurs during a down in which time expires ( Exception : Rule 10 - 2 - 2- g - 1 ) ( A.R. 3-2-3-I- VIII ) .
b. Offsetting fouls occur during a down in which time expires .
c. An inadvertent whistle is sounded or an official signals the ball dead during a down in which time expires .
Live - ball fouls that are penalized as dead - ball fouls do not extend the game .
So even if Tennessee had recovered that kick , the game would still have been over because the game is not extended by fouls that are treated like dead - ball fouls .
So what you 're saying is that there 's no way that Cody taking his helmet off could have given Tennessee another shot to win the game ?
Exactly .
This is the mail archive of the gcc@gcc.gnu.org mailing list for the GCC project .
gccgo : A gcc frontend for Go , a new programming language
From : Ian Lance Taylor < iant at google dot com >
To : gcc at gcc dot gnu dot org
Date : Tue , 10 Nov 2009 15:21:35 - 0800
Subject : gccgo : A gcc frontend for Go , a new programming language
For the last year and a half I 've been working on a gcc frontend for Go , a new experimental systems programming language designed by a small group at Google .
We 've just open sourced it .
You can read more about it at http://golang.org/ .
The gcc frontend is called gccgo .
I 've just committed it to svn://svn/gcc/branches/gccgo.
The frontend is written in , yes , C ++.
There are are a relatively small number of changes to the middle - end .
Please take a look if you are interested .
Ian
EDMOND — A finger cut off the hand of an Edmond homeless man the night he was beaten and stabbed to death has led police to arrest three people .
Dwite A. Morgan , 54 , also known as Bicycle Bob , was killed Oct. 18 in his makeshift home behind Farmers Grain Co. , 102 E First St. , police say .
Connor Adam Mason , 19 , of Edmond , was arrested Saturday on a murder complaint after an informant told police Mason said he had killed a homeless guy and had been planning to do so since May , according to a court affidavit .
Also arrested on a complaint of being an accessory to murder after the fact and other complaints were Heather Irene Parker , 19 , and Nikolas David Kerr , 19 , both of Edmond .
Several people told police that Mason showed them the finger , which was wrapped in a clear plastic glove .
One man told police he saw the finger , which was described as having dirt under the fingernail .
Police said the finger was given to Parker .
The woman threw the finger away , the affidavit states .
Parker also goes by the name Heather Holden .
Mason told an informant he hit the homeless man in the head with a hammer until the hammer head flew off , then took out his pocket knife , the court affidavit states .
Mason said he cut the victim ’s throat to keep him from yelling out , the informant told police .
At one point , Mason said the victim rose up and asked him why he was doing it , the court record shows .
Travis Monroe Jim , 20 , of Edmond , earlier was charged with first - degree murder after he confessed to killing Morgan .
Jim remained in the Oklahoma County jail without bail Monday .
A decision to dismiss the charges against Jim had not been made Monday , a district attorney spokeswoman said .
Edmond Police Department spokeswoman Glynda
Chu said , " Even though there was a confession , we got new leads and followed the evidence that led to Connor Mason . ”
A motive still is unknown , Chu said .
A watch without a band supposedly was taken from Morgan when he was killed , she said .
According to the affidavit , Kerr admitted to police he drove Mason back to the scene of the killing to help him look for a flashlight Mason had left behind .
Kerr told police Mason pulled back a tarp , exposing Morgan ’s body , the court record shows .
Kerr said he knew Morgan was dead because of the large cut in his neck , the affidavit states .
Kerr was charged Oct. 26 with cruelty to an animal in an unrelated incident .
He is accused of hitting a two - month - old kitten against the couch about 12 times and using a lighter to burn the kitten ’s face and back , court records show .
When asked why he injured the animal , Kerr said , " ’ cause I ’m a sociopath , ” the records state .
Mason , Kerr and Parker were being held Monday in the Oklahoma County jail without bail .
Making Prostate Cancer A National Priority
To the President of the United States , Prostate Cancer incidence rates are comparable to Breast Cancer rates .
Yet , federal funding is significantly higher for Breast Cancer research than for Prostate Cancer .
In 2011 , there were the same number of new cases of Prostate Cancer ( 186,320 ) as Breast Cancer ( 184,450 ) , as estimated by the American Cancer Society .
In 2010 , Breast Cancer received almost two thirds more funding ( $ 127.5 million ) from the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program as did Prostate Cancer ( $ 80 million dollars ) ( 59.5 % difference ) .
In 2010 , Breast Cancer received more than twice as much funding ( $ 707 million ) as did Prostate Cancer ( $ 305 million ) from our nation ’s medical research agency , the National Institutes of Health ( 231 % difference ) .
Breast and Prostate Cancer scientists should not be made to compete for limited research funding .
Scientists must feel encouraged to develop prostate cancer research .
Both Breast Cancer and Prostate Cancer research funding must continue to grow .
Breast Cancer and Prostate Cancer patients , equal in number , should receive equal and adequate funding and promotion for research .
We , the undersigned , call on the President of the United States and the Congress to make Prostate Cancer research a national public health priority .
Specifically , we ask the President of the United States to ensure that promotion and funding for Prostate Cancer research is , at all times , comparable to those levels allocated for Breast Cancer .
SIGN OUR PETITION
Total Signatures as of January 17 , 2012 = 17,256
Total Signatures from paper copies of petition = 5389
Total Internet Signatures to Date = 12716 FirstName : LastName : State : ZipCode : Email :
Please use a real email address .
You will receive a confirmation email .
We want to verify that you really signed and that someone did not enter your name without your permission .
Still have a bit of faith left for the OLPC project ?
Good , you 're gonna need it : designer Yves Behar has unveiled his latest concept design for the now - aiming - for - $ 75 vision , and it 's all screen .
Keeping with the newfound trend toward tablets , the XO - 3 is an 8.5 x 11 touchscreen , coupled with a little folding ring in the corner for grip and a camera in the back .
To keep things minimal the plan is to use Palm Pre-style induction charging , and less than a watt of power to keep an " 8 gigaherz [ sic ] " ( 800MHz ? ) processor and a Pixel Qi screen powered .
At half the thickness of an iPhone , this vision is obviously banking heavily on presumed technology advances by 2012 ( the projected release date ) , but it 's not too hard to see somebody making this form factor happen by then -ish .
Nick
Neg is n't all hubris , however : " Sure , if I were a commercial entity coming to you for investment , and I 'd made the projections I had in the past , you would n't invest again , but we 're not a commercial operation .
If we only achieve half of what we 're setting out to do , it could have very big consequences .
" According to our man Nicholas Negroponte , who took time out of his busy schedule to email us with the info , there are two other variations of the XO headed our way before we see the XO - 3 .
Nick says we 'll see the XO - 1.5 appear in January for around $ 200 -- an update to the current version .
As we'd heard before , the 1.5 iteration will swap a VIA CPU for the current AMD one , and will double the speed as well as quadruple both the DRAM and Flash memory of the current version .
Furthermore , he says that in early 2011 the XO - 1.75 ( replacing that psychotically awesome 2.0 dual screen model ) will make its appearance , and will sport rubber bumpers on the outer casing , an 8.9 - inch touchscreen display inside , and will run atop a Marvell ARM processor which will enable two times the speed at a quarter of the power usage .
That version will sell for somewhere in the $ 175 range .
Then , no 2.0 ... straight on to the XO - 3.0 !
( Fortune magazine ) --
How 's this for a gripping corporate story line : Youthful founder gets booted from his company in the 1980s , returns in the 1990s , and in the following decade survives two brushes with death , one securities - law scandal , an also - ran product lineup , and his own often unpleasant demeanor to become the dominant personality in four distinct industries , a billionaire many times over , and CEO of the most valuable company in Silicon Valley .
Sound too far - fetched to be true ?
Perhaps .
Yet it happens to be the real - life story of Steve Jobs and his outsize impact on everything he touches .
The past decade in business belongs to Jobs .
What makes that simple statement even more remarkable is that barely a year ago it seemed likely that any review of his accomplishments would be valedictory .
But by deeds and accounts , Jobs is back .
It 's as if his signature " one more thing " line now applies to him as well .
After a six - month leave of absence in the early part of this year , during which he received a liver transplant , he is once again commanding a 34,000 - strong corporate army that is as powerful , awe - inspiring , creative , secretive , bullying , arrogant -- and yes , profitable -- as at any time since he and his chum Steve Wozniak founded Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) in 1976 .
Superlatives have attached themselves to Jobs since he was a young man .
Now that he 's 54 , merely listing his achievements is sufficient explanation of why he 's Fortune 's CEO of the Decade ( though the superlatives continue ) .
In the past 10 years alone he has radically and lucratively reordered three markets -- music , movies , and mobile telephones -- and his impact on his original industry , computing , has only grown .
Remaking any one business is a career - defining achievement ; four is unheard - of .
Think about that for a moment .
Henry Ford altered the course of the nascent auto industry .
PanAm's Juan Trippe invented the global airline .
Conrad Hilton internationalized American hospitality .
In all instances , and many more like them , these entrepreneurs turned captains of industry defined a single market that had previously not been dominated by anyone .
The industries that Jobs has turned topsy - turvy already existed when he focused on them .
He is the rare businessman with legitimate worldwide celebrity .
( His quirks and predilections are such common knowledge that they were knowingly parodied on an episode of " The Simpsons . " )
He pals around with U2's Bono .
Consumers who have never picked up an annual report or even a business magazine gush about his design taste , his elegant retail stores , and his outside - the - box approach to advertising .
( " Think different , " indeed . )
It 's often noted that he 's a showman , a born salesman , a magician who creates a famed reality - distortion field , a tyrannical perfectionist .
It 's totally accurate , of course , and the descriptions contribute to his legend .
Yet for all his hanging out with copywriters and industrial designers and musicians -- and despite his anticorporate attire -- make no mistake : Jobs is all about business .
He may not pay attention to customer research , but he works slavishly to make products customers will buy .
He 's a visionary , but he 's grounded in reality too , closely monitoring Apple 's various operational and market metrics .
He is n't motivated by money , says friend Larry Ellison , CEO of Oracle ( ORCL , Fortune 500 ) .
Rather , Jobs is understandably driven by a visceral ardor for Apple , his first love ( to which he returned after being spurned -- proof that you can go home again ) and the vehicle through which he can be both an arbiter of cool and a force for changing the world .
The financial results have been nothing short of astounding -- for Apple and for Jobs .
The company was worth about $ 5 billion in 2000 , just before Jobs unleashed Apple 's groundbreaking " digital lifestyle " strategy , understood at the time by few critics .
Today , at about $ 170 billion , Apple is slightly more valuable than Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) .
Its market share in personal computers was plummeting back then , and the cash drain was so severe that bankruptcy was a possibility .
Now Apple has $ 34 billion in cash and marketable securities , surpassing the total market cap of rival Dell ( DELL , Fortune 500 ) .
Macintoshes make up 9 % of the PC market in the U.S. today , but that share is increasingly beside the point .
With 275 retail stores in nine countries , a 73 % share of the U.S. MP3 player market , and the undisputed leadership position in innovation when it comes to mobile phones , Apple and its CEO are no one 's idea of underdogs anymore .
In 2006 Disney ( DIS , Fortune 500 ) paid $ 7.5 billion to acquire Pixar , the computer animation film studio Jobs had nurtured and controlled .
Jobs , in turn , became a Disney director and the blue - chip company 's largest shareholder .
His net worth , solely based on his stakes in Apple and Disney , is about $ 5 billion .
Other executives have had stellar decades but none can compare with Steve's .
With Jobs back at the helm of his company , plenty of challenges lie ahead .
Will the Goliath role suit him nearly as well as playing David clearly has ?
How will he respond to the competition he has awakened , particularly in smartphones , even as the personal computer fades in relative importance ?
Has he fashioned an organization that can succeed him ?
Can he possibly be as dominant in the decade to come as the one that is ending ?
The " decade " of Steve actually began in 1997 , when he returned to Apple after having been ousted a dozen years earlier .
That was a year of triage , of a humbling investment from Microsoft ( MSFT , Fortune 500 ) , of paring Apple 's product line to a bare minimum of four computers .
From our friends at the Wheels blog :
There ’s no question that people love the idea of compressed - air cars , which have long been under development by the French company Motor Development International and , according to a company spokesman , could be on American roads ( after many delays ) by 2012 .
“ It sounds ideal , like we could be free from the constraints of petroleum dependence , ” said Andrew Papson , a transportation engineer and associate at the consulting firm ICF International .
But as much as the idea is attractive , Mr. Papson is skeptical about air cars .
He finished graduate studies at the University of California , Berkeley , last year and was part of a team at the school that published a paper this week that was critical of air - car claims .
The “ Economic and Environmental Evaluation of Compressed - Air Cars , ” published in Environmental Research Letters , examined the life cycle of the compressed - air car and concluded that the air car “ fared worse than the battery - electric vehicle in primary energy required , greenhouse gas emissions and life - cycle costs , even under very optimistic assumptions about performance .
Compressed - air - energy storage is a relatively inefficient technology at the scale of individual cars and would add additional greenhouse gas emissions with the current electricity mix . ”
Read more …
Mesa resident Ricki Quintero gazes proudly at two Native American dresses in her apartment .
One is white with turquoise embroidery , and the other is a sunny yellow .
Both are made of soft deerskin , embellished with silver ornaments and finished with long , meticulously cut tassels .
These dresses are meaningful to the 30 - year - old member of the White Mountain Apache Tribe .
Not only did she make them , but she wore them when she won the 2007 Miss Indian Transgender Arizona Pageant , a title she has held for two years .
On Sunday , Quintero will attend the third biennial Miss Indian Transgender Arizona Pageant at the intimate Cruisin ' 7th Cocktail Lounge , a gay bar in central Phoenix , to pass the title on to this year 's winner .
The event started in 2005 , and each winner reigns for two years .
A transgender person is one who identifies and lives as a member of the opposite sex .
Quintero was born male and began living as a woman during college .
" Before I ran for the competition , I was more hushed about who I was , " said Quintero , a social worker .
" The pageant gave me more confidence , and now I have a stronger understanding of being transgender . "
" I want younger girls , especially those who are coming to the city from rural reservations , to have the support out here , " she said .
" Some think they have to do drugs or become an escort to survive , but we want to be those positive role models to show them they do n't have to do those things . "
The Miss Indian Transgender Arizona Pageant is one of several for those in the gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender community , including Miss Gay Arizona and Miss Phoenix Gay Pride , but it 's the only one that highlights Native American culture .
The four contestants competing Sunday , all Navajo , are encouraged to express their identities as members of tribes and as women .
They will perform a " modern " and a tribal talent , as well as model eveningwear and answer questions .
Pageant director Trudie Jackson says the event helps break down stereotypes about transgender individuals and shows pride in Native American customs .
" The pageant is to help engage Native American transgendered individuals in the importance of traditional values and provide role models within the Native American GLBT community , " said Jackson , who is Navajo and works as a health educator in the Valley .
The pageant is part of a tradition of many North American tribes respecting GLBT members , often called " two spirits . "
For more than two decades , there have been two - spirit gatherings throughout Canada and America .
Those with two spirits were , and in some communities still are , seen as having a special understanding of what it 's like to live as a man and a woman .
Jackson said the pageant is a way to dispel preconceived notions about transgender individuals , that they do n't all " engage in high - risk behaviors , are unable to seek employment and abuse substances . "
Although there are only four contestants so far , the pageant has nine sponsors , including the Navajo Times , Phoenix Pride and the Fort McDowell Resort Casino .
HACKER SEES PROMISE IN MEDICARE BUY - IN … .
When the public option is described as a “ new ” idea , it ’s a fair characterization .
After all , as recently as 2004 , the major Democratic presidential candidates — Kerry , Dean , and Edwards — all had fairly strong health care reform plans , but not one included a public option .
It ’s not that they opposed the idea ; it ’s that the idea had n’t been crafted yet .
Credit largely goes to Yale political scientist Jacob Hacker , who crafted the idea for the public option , and which was quickly embraced by Obama , Clinton , and Edwards when they presented their reform plans in 2007 .
Now that the Senate ’s watered - down public option ( with a state opt - out ) may be scuttled , what does Hacker think of the state of the policy ?
He told PBS this week that the compromise framework is generally encouraging .
( via Sargent and Stein )
“ The way I would describe it is , in sort of Dickinson terms , is it ’s a tale of two public options .
Public option one , the public option that was going to be within the exchange and available to Americans on day one to create competition for private insurance plans to give people a choice , that public option has been replaced , in my mind , with an inadequate substitute , a national system of private plans .
“ But public option two , which was never on the agenda before , a buy - in to the actual Medicare program for 55 - to 64 - year - olds , is an enormous positive development .
It ’s actually the original idea , if you will , for the public option , simply letting people get into the Medicare program that provides broad , secure coverage at an affordable price . ”
Hacker ’s praise was tempered by skepticism about the OPM plan — he does n’t believe it will do enough “ to provide the choice and competition ” — but “ enormous positive development ” is nevertheless the kind of praise that should encourage lawmakers .
Hacker was especially pleased that progressive Senate Dems want the Medicare buy - in to be in place as early as 2011 , which the political scientist said would give Americans “ something that is concrete , that people will be able to see it changing lives very early in the reform process . ”
Of course , the next question is whether the Medicare buy - in — described by Hacker as the “ original idea … for the public option ” — will survive .
Before the compromise framework , reform had about 56 votes .
After the compromise framework , it seems to have 58 .
As of late yesterday , Sens. Ben Nelson ( D - Neb. ) , Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) , and Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) all sounded opposed to the deal , and without some combination of these three , 60 is n’t going to happen .
In a sane world , a bill with 58 supporters and 42 opponents would pass .
WASHINGTON  The Treasury Department expects to recover all but $ 42 billion of the $ 370 billion it has lent to ailing companies since the financial crisis began last year , with the portion lent to banks actually showing a slight profit , according to a new Treasury report .
The new assessment of the $ 700 billion bailout program , provided by two Treasury officials on Sunday ahead of a report to Congress on Monday , is vastly improved from the Obama administration ’s estimates last summer of $ 341 billion in potential losses from the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
That figure anticipated more financial troubles requiring intervention .
The officials said the government could ultimately lose $ 100 billion more from the bailout program in new loans to banks , aid to troubled homeowners and credit to small businesses .
Still , the new estimates would lower the administration ’s deficit forecast for this fiscal year , which began in October , to about $ 1.3 trillion , from $ 1.5 trillion .
Traditional Orthodox women pray individually , and quietly , by the Kotel ’s massive beige stones , a remnant of the retaining wall of the mount revered by Jews as the site where their ancient temples once stood .
Al Aksa mosque now sits on the top of the mount .
Critics of the Women of the Wall say that their practices  like holding organized prayers , singing out loud , carrying a Torah scroll and wearing prayer shawls  offend the more traditional worshipers at the site .
Image Some women wore prayer shawls openly outside the Western Wall ; doing so at the Wall can incur a fine or prison time .
Credit ... Rina Castelnuovo for The New York Times
Twenty years ago , having suffered verbal and physical abuse as they prayed , the Women of the Wall petitioned the Supreme Court to have their right to religious freedom recognized , on grounds that the Kotel does not belong to the Orthodox establishment alone .
After a lengthy legal battle , the court ultimately ruled against the women in the interest of public order .
Consequently , it is illegal for them to read aloud from the Torah or to wear prayer shawls openly by the wall .
Instead , the authorities have allocated them a special area where they can conduct services in their own fashion , in an archaeological garden tucked around a corner , out of sight .
“ These women come here like a persecuted group , ” said David Barhoum , a criminal lawyer there on behalf of the Women of the Wall .
If anything , he said on Friday , the criminal behavior seemed to be coming from the other side .
Across a partition , in the men ’s section of the Kotel , a group of ultra-Orthodox men gathered to harass the women as they sang and prayed .
The men shouted “ Gevalt ! ”  expressing their revulsion in Yiddish  and called the women ’s prayer an abomination .
One or two threw objects and spat at them .
In the women ’s section , some Orthodox female worshipers joined in the insults .
CHICAGO , Dec 28 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) has eased airline security rules that were put in place in the wake a foiled Christmas day terror plot , a source with knowledge of the rules said .
The TSA will now let pilots decide whether to allow passengers to keep items in their laps or require them to remain seated during portions of the flight , said the source who spoke on condition of anonymity .
The TSA also will let pilots and airlines determine whether in - flight entertainment systems that show a plane ’s location should be turned off to avoid a security risk , the source said .
A TSA spokeswoman did not immediately return calls seeking comment .
Description : Hotty Jenny Hendrix .
Hope you enjoy the video .
Please rate and leave comments :D
Submitted by Leo Kolivakis , publisher of Pension Pulse .
Let 's have some fun for a change .
Now that I bored you to death with all my relentless posts on the great pension plunder , let 's talk markets .
John Heinzl of the Globe and Mail reports Santa arrives - right on schedule for a market rally :
H ere at Investor Clinic , we 're skeptical of axioms that purport to hold the secret to achieving great wealth in the stock market .
We do n't " sell in May and go away , " for example .
Nor do we time our buys and sells with the U.S. presidential election cycle .
Being fans of the buy - and - hold approach , we prefer to invest - and stay invested - in companies that increase their earnings and dividends .
The problem with trying to time the market is n't only that you might guess wrong ; you 'll also face higher commissions and taxes .
But there is one seasonal pattern that intrigues us enough to dig a little deeper .
We refer to the stock market 's exceptionally strong performance in the month of December .
Is it just chance that the market almost always rises as the Christmas decorations are going up ?
Is it an excess of rum and eggnog ?
Should investors try to take advantage of this trend ?
Before we try to answer these questions , let 's look at the numbers .
In the past 25 Decembers , Canada 's benchmark stock index has risen 23 times and fallen just two , including a 3 - per- cent drop during last year 's financial maelstrom .
The only other losing December over that period was in 1996 , when the index slipped 1.5 per cent .
The average gain in December over the last quarter - century was 2.37 per cent , which is more than three times higher than the roughly 0.7 - per-cent average advance for all months .
With yesterday 's 260 - point or 2.27 - per-cent rise on the S&P / TSX composite index , this December is off to a flying start .
Sure , it could be random luck - but not likely .
A few years ago , Thomson Financial crunched the December returns from 1969 through 2005 and found a 99 - per-cent probability that something other than chance was behind the outsized gains .
So what factors might explain December 's jolly performance ?
Well , for starters , there 's investor emotion .
When the holidays are approaching , people are in a cheerful mood , and that optimism colours their perception of the market .
December is also when year - end bonuses get handed out on Bay Street , and some of that cash may be plowed into stocks .
Tax - loss selling may be another factor .
In the fall , investors sell their dogs to trigger capital losses for tax purposes , pushing the market down in October and November .
But that downdraft attracts bargain hunters who lift prices back up in December , or so the theory goes .
Window - dressing may also come into play .
Eager to make their books look pretty for year - end statements , fund managers buy winning stocks as the year draws to a close , giving prices a boost .
A final theory is that the Santa Claus rally is a self - fulfilling prophecy .
Because everyone anticipates that the market will rise in December , they buy stocks , and sure enough , that 's what happens .
So if December is such a great month , should investors place a big wager on the market on Nov. 30 and sell on Dec. 31 , aiming to pocket a quick profit ?
Unfortunately , it 's not that simple .
Although December has produced remarkably good results , on average , there is a lot of variability in the monthly returns , ranging from last year 's 3 - per-cent slide to an 11.8 - per-cent gain during the tech mania of 1999 .
There have also been several Decembers when the market rose less than 1 per cent , which would barely cover the costs associated with buying and selling an index ETF ( depending on the size of the trade and the commissions charged ) .
It 's also important to remember that the December data are backward - looking .
Whatever the cause of December 's strong performance - it may be one factor , two factors , or a whole bunch of things - it 's impossible to know whether the future will look like the past .
" The statistics prove December is a fairly reliable month for good performance in the market , and I can't dispute it , " says Tim Burt , CEO of Cardinal Capital Management in Winnipeg .
He predicts this December will continue that trend , as the end of the recession and improving corporate earnings give stocks a boost .
But he does n't advocate trying to get in and out for a quick buck .
" That 's a speculative trading strategy .
We would never recommend people do that , " he says .
" We 're buy - and - hold , long - term investors .
So really what happens month to month is immaterial to us . "
The nice thing about being a buy - and - hold investor is that you 'll never miss out on big gains - whether they come in December or any other month .
So instead of trying to time the market 's ups and downs , just sit back and enjoy Santa Claus 's generosity .
Just between you and me , in the markets we 're heading in , buy and hold is n't going to help you one iota unless you 're buying and holding the next big bubble , riding the wave up and hopefully getting out before the rest of the herd gets crushed .
As for the Santa rally , it arrived back in March thanks to Uncle Ben who gave the hedgies and prop trading desks at the major banks a green light to buy every risk asset out there .
For those of you still pondering Dubai or do you sell , you 're missing the rally of a lifetime :
Royal Bank of Canada says markets are returning to a more normal " performance environment . "
RBC Dominion Securities today set a 2010 target of 1,200 for the S&P 500 and 12,925 for the S&P / TSX composite index .
Good news for investors from chief strategist Myles Zyblock : " The equity market has been on a blistering run since early March , with the large - cap indexes up by just over 60 per cent and bested by the small - cap benchmarks to the tune of a full 10 percentage points .
These nine months most likely define the rally of a lifetime …
While the embedded return expectations have turned more conservative with time , typical preconditions for a cyclical bear market such as policy tightening , a pending earnings recession or widespread investor optimism remain absent . "
I worked with Myles back in my BCA Research days .
Glad to see he 's finally jumped on board to see that this rally still has ways to go .
I had lunch with Keith Porter on Thursday .
Keith was an AVP at the Caisse , successfully managing emerging market equities for over ten years .
He 's a great guy with a great sense of humor and deep knowledge not just of emerging markets , but of markets in general .
You can find his latest thoughts , along with those of others , on the Sceptical Market Observer blog .
Anyways , Keith and I enjoyed sushi and chatted a bit about the pension fund world and markets .
He 's not sure if he wants to get back into the big pension funds again and I do n't blame him .
These places are run by politicians and the people that survive are typically the sneaky , weasel politicians who know nothing about running and making money in the markets .
They 're not all that terrible .
Some are better than others but I told him to proceed cautiously and to look carefully at who is leading the fund .
The last thing you want to do is end up working at a big pension fund run by an insecure fool who lusts power .
You 're better off doing your own thing if that 's the only option available to you .
On the markets , we had an excellent discussion covering global banks , China , Brazil and the Fed .
Keith thinks that the banks got gifts in the form of free money and the bailouts were a mistake .
We both agreed that the UK economy is way too leveraged to the financial services industry .
But his comments on China were particularly interesting .
Keith thinks that all this talk of excess capacity in China is missing the bigger picture .
He told me that China is planning and preparing for the future so they have every reason to over - invest now and build up their infrastructure and stockpile the resources .
It makes sense when you think about it ; they saw all the mistakes the Western world made and decided it 's best to be better prepared for the future .
There are still problems in China , most notably the disparities between the rural and urban population , but they 're making leaps and bounds in almost every area , including clean energy where China is securing first mover advantage in the market for renewable energy .
On the markets , Keith remains sceptical of the rally and recently asked Am I Missing Something ?
He did , however , admit to me that the liquidity rally can go on for a lot longer than we think .
I told him this liquidity rally is only in third gear and will go to fourth and fifth gear , especially in the hot sectors .
He agreed with me that some sectors are already bubbly and will likely get more bubbly as we move along .
And that 's where I 'll end my comment today .
I know some of you got worried about Thursday 's late day selloff or are worried about Friday 's jobs report .
Do n't be scared , nothing has changed .
Uncle Ben wants asset inflation and he 's hoping that it will repair household and more importantly , banks ' balance sheets .
And what Uncle Ben wants is what Uncle Ben gets , for now at least .
So do n't get too flustered or worked up about Friday 's jobs report .
Either way , the markets will continue to grind higher .
Oh , and that major pullback that all the experts are waiting for ?
It wo n't happen because everyone is expecting it .
The rally of a lifetime still has legs to run .
Ken Castle is extremely rich , popular , and powerful since he invented and started exploiting the virtual online parallel reality games .
In these games , people can either pay to be a user or get paid to be an ' actor ' in a system of mind - control .
In the ultimate version , Slayers , death row convicts act as gladiators in a desperate dim bid for survival , which no one has achieved yet .
The champion , John ' Kable ' Tillman , is scheduled to die just before he'd gain release , but he persuades his teenage ' handler ' to hand over the reins so he can fully use his talents and experience .
Kable escapes to freedom , but Castle 's men chase him .
Kable has to fight his way back to Castle 's headquarters to challenge his hidden evil plans .
Written by KGF Vissers
City watchdogs were monitoring cash withdrawals from Royal Bank of Scotland every hour during the height of the banking crisis , the Guardian can reveal .
The Financial Services Authority demanded 60 - minute updates on cash flooding out of the bank 's branches and hole - in - the - wall machines in the days before Britain 's historic bank bailout , which took place a year ago .
The regulators stepped up their surveillance after realising that confidence was draining from the banking system following the collapse of Lehman Brothers a month earlier , and that customers were concerned about the safety of their deposits .
The chancellor , Alistair Darling , sanctioned the government 's taking a 70 % stake in RBS , and 43 % in the combined Lloyds and HBOS , after a series of frantic round - the - clock meetings that weekend .
A year on , those shareholdings are creating a £ 4bn paper loss for the government .
The taxpayer breaks even when Lloyds shares rise through 122.6 p and those in RBS trade above 50.5 p .
On Friday , the banks ' shares closed at 94 p and 48.34 p respectively .
The Guardian has learnt that a year ago the City regulator was so concerned about customers ' fears over the soundness of RBS that withdrawals on the high street were being scrutinised hourly , as well as the activities of big business and rival banks , which were also losing confidence in the troubled bank .
The pattern of withdrawals is crucial , as banks rely on customers on the high street and in the money markets for deposits which , in turn , secure the loans and other businesses operated by banks .
While there were no queues around branches in the way there were when Northern Rock ran into difficulties two years ago , the dramatic pace of withdrawals left the authorities with little option but to bail out the weakest high street banks to avert their collapse .
The regulator knew how fragile the system was after embarking on emergency surveillance of the high street banks to understand the extent of the outflows facing the weakest players .
Hector Sants , chief executive of the FSA , has already admitted that the regulators could not have allowed RBS and HBOS to open for business on Monday morning a year ago unless a solution had been found to pump more capital into them .
Despite sitting on a loss on the current investments in Lloyds and RBS , the taxpayer may yet be prevailed on to put more cash into Lloyds if the bank decides to proceed with multibillion - pound stockmarket fundraising to reduce its reliance on the asset protection scheme , the government 's insurance for toxic loans .
The asset protection scheme was announced in January to insure £ 585 bn of bad loans at Lloyds and RBS , though the improvement in market conditions since then has prompted both banks to rethink the terms they are prepared to pay for the insurance .
Lloyds is believed to be most determined to reduce the £ 260bn of loans it has agreed to insure , but that means it needs to raise up to £ 25 bn – equivalent to its current stockmarket value .
A cash call might help find some of the money required , and , if Lloyds were to embark on a rights issue , it would mean that the taxpayer would have the opportunity to match its 43 % stake in the bank .
This would require UK Financial Investments , the body which controls the taxpayer stakes in the bailed - out bank , to ask the chancellor for more funds for the bank .
Lloyds has paid back about £ 2bn to the Treasury after a placing in June to convert preference shares issued to the government into ordinary shares .
In other countries where banks received capital injections from their governments , money has been paid back faster .
The Swiss government made a Sfr1.2bn ( £ 734 m ) gain when it sold its 9 % stake in UBS in August .
In France , the banks that were bailed out have also taken steps to repay their government 's investment .
Both Société Générale and BNP Paribas are conducting cash calls to pay back state support , while the chief of staff at the Elysée has said that the French banks will soon have paid back all their loans , and that the French state would have received € 500 m ( £ 464 m ) as a result .
It is reported today that Barclays is planning to sell off £ 4bn of its assets , in a bid to allay shareholders ' fears over its investments and the ongoing risks posed by toxic assets .
The Financial Times says that the bank is looking at a deal to shift up to £ 4bn of the assets off its balance sheet , in an echo of a similar transaction it undertook last month with a £ 12.3 bn portfolio .
• This article was amended on 12 October 2009 .
The original converted Sfr1.2bn as £ 7.3 bn .
This has been corrected .
OTTAWA–A senior diplomat delivered a series of explosive allegations to a rapt House of Commons committee Wednesday , telling MPs that Afghan prisoners transferred by Canadians to local authorities in Kandahar were likely all tortured – while high - level officials in Ottawa looked the other way .
" Canada ... cloaked our detainee practices in extreme secrecy , " Richard Colvin , a Washington - based intelligence officer , said in long - awaited testimony to a special parliamentary committee .
" Our detainee practices ( were ) unCanadian , counterproductive and probably illegal . "
Colvin , the second - ranked Canadian diplomat in Afghanistan in 2006 and 2007 , said he tried repeatedly to raise concerns with senior military and government officials , to no avail .
Using a calm , controlled diplomatic cadence , he challenged three years of assurances by the Conservative government that no evidence existed of abuse of prisoners captured by Canada .
He said Canadians took far more prisoners than their NATO allies in Afghanistan , many of them innocent people swept up in the chaos of war , and he charged that the policy had taught Kandaharis to fear the foreign troops and had set back the Canadian effort in the region .
" According to our information , the likelihood is that all the Afghans we handed over were tortured , " said Colvin , the former political director of the provincial reconstruction team in Kandahar city .
" For interrogators in Kandahar , it was standard operating procedure . "
He also said that when the Red Cross wanted to look into the treatment of detainees turned over by the Canadian troops , the Canadian Forces would n't take their calls .
Colvin had to fight for his afternoon in the spotlight , an appearance the Harper government tried to block .
And Conservative MPs attacked his credibility in the committee room .
Colvin named those who were warned about the prisoner treatment and did not act , including now retired chief of defence staff Gen.
Rick Hillier ; David Mulroney , former deputy minister of the Afghanistan Task Force in the Privy Council Office ; and Margaret Bloodworth , Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's national security adviser .
Colvin said he had no knowledge whether the matter was brought to the attention of then - Foreign Affairs Minister Peter MacKay .
In his recently published memoir , Hillier brushed off allegations the military was complicit in torture as " bull ----. "
Colvin said Canada took six times as many detainees as coalition partner Britain and 20 times as many as the Netherlands , and had no way to track their whereabouts .
He said warnings that they were being tortured with electricity , extreme temperatures , knives , open flames , and even sexually abused , were ignored .
He said Canada relied on two human rights groups – the Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission and the International Committee of the Red Cross – to monitor the well - being of detainees after transfer .
" Unfortunately the AIHRC had very limited capacity and in Kandahar were not allowed into the NDS ( National Directorate of Security ) prisons ... and unfortunately were quite useless , " he said .
Colvin noted that the Red Cross was " also no good for us as monitors " because under its rules once a detainee is transferred the Red Cross can only inform the Afghan authorities about abuse .
He said , unlike the British , Canada was extremely slow to inform the Red Cross when detainees were transferred to the Afghans , in some cases taking months .
" Instead of winning hearts and minds , we caused Kandaharis to fear foreigners , " he said .
Colvin said when the Red Cross wanted to look into the treatment of detainees turned over by Canadian troops " the Canadian forces in Kandahar would n't take their phone calls , " adding that Canada 's military even refused to tell NATO officials the number of detainees .
" In practice , the information was being concealed ... from the Canadian public , " he said .
Warnings first delivered in spring 2006 were ignored by senior Canadian Forces and government officials for a year until newspaper reports brought the allegations of mistreatment to light .
After that , Colvin said , diplomats were instructed not to keep written records of any talk of torture by their higher - ups in Ottawa .
Colvin , now an intelligence officer at the Canadian Embassy in Washington , worked in Afghanistan for the foreign affairs department in 2006 and 2007 .
He started in Kandahar and later moved to Kabul , where he was second in command at the Canadian Embassy .
In both jobs , Colvin visited detainees transferred by Canadian soldiers to Afghan prisons .
Colvin said in May 2006 he and others " began informing Ottawa " through written reports and verbal briefings to senior officials in both the foreign affairs department and the Canadian Forces " about the grave deficiencies in our detainee practices and grave consequences . "
" At first we were mostly ignored , but by April 2007 we were receiving written messages from the senior Canadian government co-ordinator for Afghanistan to the effect that we should be quiet and do what we were told , " he said .
Colvin said that was followed by a phone call from the assistant deputy minister of foreign affairs " suggesting in future that we should not put things on paper but instead use the telephone . "
He said in May 2007 detainee reports began to be censored , " with crucial information removed , " and later that summer " we could no longer write that the security situation in Afghanistan was deteriorating even though everyone knew that it was . "
Colvin testified the Conservative government has tried to block him from testifying before a Military Police Complaints Commission hearing on detainee treatment by denying him legal representation and stopping him from accessing some of the reports he wrote while stationed in Afghanistan .
Conservative members of the committee attacked his credibility and even suggested he was playing into the hands of the Taliban by undermining Canada 's military effort in Afghanistan .
" This entire exercise of attempting to draw a link between the Canadian Forces and prison treatment without a shred of evidence is playing right into the hands of the insurgents , " Tory MP Cheryl Gallant ( Renfrew - Nipissing - Pembroke ) said .
Amir Attaran , a University of Ottawa law professor who has challenged the government 's detainee policy in federal court , said Colvin 's testimony opens up a " large number of issues " relating to past court challenges that have all been dismissed .
He said the government should have put forward a number of the diplomatic memos Colvin wrote relating to detainee policies in court , but never did so .
It 's too early to say , though , what the legal implications may be of Colvin 's revelations , Attaran said .
KDevelop 4 in action KDevelop 4 in action
The KDevelop team is proud to announce the sixth beta of KDevelop4 .
There have n't been any major features started since beta 5 as this is mostly a bugfix release ( demonstrated by the list of fixed bugs ) .
This also marks the end of the KDE 4.2 support .
With this release KDevelop4 requires KDE 4.3 and Qt 4.5 to fully supply the GUI we want to provide our users with .
It is also the last release that we 're doing on behalf of ourselves , all upcoming betas will be done together with KDE 4.4 .
We are aiming at releasing with KDE 4.4.0 as we think that KDevelop4 is ready feature - wise and really needs to get a first release out of the door .
Additionally with this beta , we are also releasing the first beta of the PHP and PHP - Documentation plugins .
These two add PHP language support ( including classview and code- completion ) and documentation - view to KDevelop .
They are currently developed in playground and are shaping up quite nicely .
There is no release date set on these two , however we'd like to get these into the unstable repositories of distributions .
You can find the source packages on the KDE mirrors and there are instructions for compiling .
You can also check out a comparison of the KDE 3 and KDE 4 versions of KDevelop .
A prison officer who had a baby by an inmate in her charge has been sentenced to 30 months in prison .
Kelly - Anne McDade admitted misconduct in a public office after a love - affair with “ dangerous offender ” Nelson Delgado .
“ She fell in love with this serving prisoner , who was nearly 10 years her junior , ” Richard Germain , defending 31 - year - old McDade , told the court .
He added that , at some point in the future , the pair hope to set up home and bring up the child together .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
“ There is no doubt it was an inappropriate relationship , but Ms McDade would say ‘ You ca n’t help who you fall in love with ’ , ” Mr Germain said .
However , Judge Christopher Tyrer told McDade that “ Love is not an excuse . ”
In a bid to keep in touch with 21 - year - old Delgado after the birth of their child , McDade tried to send him three mobile phones concealed within a stereo .
Delgado had been moved to a Staffordshire Young Offenders ’ Institute after the affair was uncovered .
He was being held for robbery and assault of an elderly couple .
Police also found a mobile phone in her home with a message from Delgado , whom she regularly visited , which read : “ I love you , my wife . ”
Passing sentence at Aylesbury Crown Court , Judge Tyrer called McDade ’s behaviour “ disgraceful . ”
Nigel Ogborne , prosecuting , told the court that McDade , of Aylesbury , said she had fallen pregnant after a relationship on a foreign holiday when quizzed by the prison authorities .
When the prison governor found out Delgado was the father , he said the relationship “ could have caused a massive breach of security ” , Mr Ogborne added .
McDade had been employed at Aylesbury Young Offenders ’ Institute in Buckinghamshire for three years before the affair started .
She resigned after she was caught by CCTV camera opening Delgado ’s cell after all doors had been closed for the night in August last year .
She was sentenced to 18 months in prison for trying to smuggle the mobile phones , to be followed by a further 12 months for misconduct in public office .
The judge ordered a one - month sentence , to be served concurrently , after McDade also admitted possession of skunk cannabis found at her home .
Judge Tyrer told McDade that Delagdo was in her care and that she was supposed to be looking after him as a prison officer .
He said : “ Your training would have warned you what to do if your feelings for him , as they did , crossed the line .
“ Not only did you frequently have a sexual relationship with him , but you became pregnant by him and that means that you abused your position as a prison officer , and the trust placed with you by your colleagues , your superiors and the public . ”
He said the move could have placed female colleagues at risk from male offenders who knew of the affair , adding : “ Prisoners might have expected the other female officers might have been susceptible to similar approaches .
The consequences for them could have been very serious . ”
McDade was arrested after she sold her story to Closer magazine for £ 1,000 .
Anti-inflammatory Turmeric
Many issues faced by seniors such as heart problems , arthritis , and even Alzheimer ’s disease are said to be a result of inflammation .
Turmeric comes from the root of the Curcuma longa plant and is a member of the ginger family .
It has been used in the Ayurvedic ( Indian ) and Chinese medicine for ages .
After processing and being ground into a powder , turmeric is better known to those of us in the west as curry .
Today we are realizing more and more health benefits .
According to www.whfoods.com, ( The World ’s Healthiest Foods and The George Mateljan Foundation , a not - for - profit foundation with no commercial interests , is a new force for change to help make a healthier you and a healthier world ) , their food rating system shows the following nutrients in turmeric :
Turmeric , powder
2.00 tsp
4.52 grams
16.04 calories Nutrient Amount DV
( %) Nutrient
Density World ’s Healthiest
Foods Rating manganese 0.36 mg 18.0 20.2 excellent iron 1.88 mg 10.4 11.7 excellent vitamin B6 ( pyridoxine ) 0.08 mg 4.0 4.5 good dietary fiber 0.96 g 3.8 4.3 good potassium 114.48 mg 3.3 3.7 good DV = Daily Value World ’s Healthiest
Foods Rating Rule excellent DV >=75 % OR Density >=7.6 AND DV >=10 % very good DV > =50 % OR Density > =3.4 AND DV >=5 % good DV > =25 % OR Density > =1.5 AND DV >=2.5 %
According to The World ’s Healthiest Foods , the volatile oil fraction of turmeric has demonstrated significant anti-inflammatory activity in a variety of experimental models .
Even more potent than its volatile oil is the yellow or orange pigment of turmeric , which is called curcumin .
Curcumin is thought to be the primary pharmacological agent in turmeric .
In numerous studies , curcumin ’s anti-inflammatory effects have been shown to be comparable to the potent drugs hydrocortisone and phenylbutazone as well as over - the - counter anti-inflammatory agents such as Motrin .
Unlike the drugs , which are associated with significant toxic effects ( ulcer formation , decreased white blood cell count , intestinal bleeding ) , curcumin produces no toxicity .
Ezine articles author Henri K. Junttila also writes about the benefits of turmeric in “ Discover the Incredible Health Benefits of Turmeric Spice . ”
She says , “ The best way to take advantage of the benefits of this herb is to take it in the form of multi-vitamin supplements .
Studies reveal that the substance is digested and ingested in the bloodstream better in combination with other beneficial substances .
It is important however , to check which of the other complementing substances and ingredients work best with turmeric spice . ”
There are nutritional supplements available .
The supplements that I have taken contain turmeric as part of another supplement .
For example , Immunotec has an Omega - 3 product with turmeric .
Vitamark International puts it in their Naturflex product and includes ginger root in their vitamin , VitaChe , specifically for heart health .
My favorite , VitaOne , Vitamark ’s multi-nutrition pack , contains 100 mg of turmeric .
Does your favorite multi-vitamin contain turmeric ?
Tagged with : Adequate Amounts • Ailments • Alzheimer 's Disease • Anti-inflammatory • Arthritis • Blood Cell Count • Chinese Medicine • Commercial Interests • Curcuma Longa • Curry • Dietary Fiber • Experimental Models • Fish Oil • George Mateljan • George Mateljian Foundation • Ginger • Ginger Family • Health Benefit • Health Benefits • Healthiest Foods • Heart Issues • Heart Problems • Henri K Junttila • Hydrocortisone • Immunotec • Inflammation • Inflammatory Agents • Likelihood • Manganese • Medicine • Mg 3 • Motrin • Naturflex • Nlm • Nutrient Density • Oil Fraction • Omega 3 • Orange Pigment • Osteoarthritis • Phenylbutazone • Potassium • Potent Drugs • Profit Foundation • Seniors • Spice • The World 's Healthiest Foods • Turmeric • Turmeric Powder • Ulcer Formation • VitaChe • Vitamark International • Vitamin B6 • VitaOne • Volatile Oil • White Blood Cell • White Blood Cell Count
Filed under : Aging • Alzheimer 's • Diabetes • Drugs • Heart • Omega - 3 Fish Oil • Senior Health
Like this post ?
Subscribe to my RSS feed and get loads more !
By Anthony Reuben
BBC News
With swaths of the country blanketed by snow , there has been growing speculation that 2009 will be a white Christmas for many .
But how common really is snow on 25 December in the UK ?
1964 A Cotswold farmer feeding his sheep at Northleach , Gloucestershire .
Of the Met Office 's 481 stations , 108 reported lying snow on Christmas Day in 1964 .
1970 Shortly after Christmas Day 1970 , Britain 's Raymond Keene ( right ) has a practice match outside the Hastings International Chess Congress .
1981 A girl called Sabine taking part in a snowball fight in leg warmers in the winter of 1981 / 2. 1981 was the only year on record when more than half the UK had snow lying on Christmas Day .
1993 A snowy scene on Christmas Day in Newcastle .
21 % of the UK's weather stations reported snow lying at 9 am on Christmas Day in 1993 .
1995 A Coastguard helicopter helps a casualty in heavy snow covering the Shetland Islands at Christmas 1995 .
The helicopter was also used to ferry pregnant women to hospital a few days before their due dates that year .
2004 Sheep in the Brecon Beacons in Wales , photographed on Boxing Day .
2004 was the last time bookmakers had to pay out for a white Christmas .
Many of us think of the Christmases of our youth as being snow - laden festivals of sledging and snowball fights .
But that may have more to do with romanticised notions old fashioned Christmases than anything we have lived through .
The " Little Ice Age " , a period of global cooling that ran between about 1550 and 1850 , meant white Christmases were not uncommon in centuries gone by .
Its influence is still there in the classic literature of the time and traditional Christmas card designs .
Reliable figures on Christmas snow coverage only go back about half a century .
The Met Office has records showing the number of its weather stations around the UK reporting snow lying at 9 am on Christmas Day since 1957 .
In 29 of the 52 years since then , there has been no snow reported at any of the stations .
ODDS OF A WHITE CHRISTMAS London 2/1 Glasgow 11/10 Belfast 9/4 Cardiff 9/4 Source : William Hill at 1000 GMT on 22 December A further 11 years had less than 5 % reporting snow and only once in that period - in 1981 - have more than half of them reported snow .
Many parts of the UK have seen unusually early snow in 2009 , but in fact Christmas is quite early for snow in the UK .
It is more likely to snow in January .
Snow lying on the ground may be enough to make many of us remember a white Christmas , but it 's not sufficient for anyone who fancies a flutter .
The bookies stipulate that a white Christmas requires snow to actually fall on the day itself .
Amounts vary from a single flake for Ladbrokes to at least 1 mm at a local airport for Paddy Power .
But as a cold - spell struck in the run-up to Christmas 2009 , the odds on the first white Christmas in London since 1999 have narrowed to their worst level for 30 years , according to William Hill .
So there is a decent chance you will see snow on Christmas Day , but bear in mind that if you do it will probably be an unusual sight and not a return to the halcyon days of your misremembered childhood .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The trial heard the couple were happily married with two grown - up daughters
The trial of a husband accused of murdering his wife as they slept in a camper van has heard he killed her while he dreamt she was an intruder .
Christine Thomas , 57 , was killed in Aberporth , Ceredigion , in July 2008 .
Swansea Crown Court heard Brian Thomas , 59 , of Neath , accepts he killed her but says he has a sleep disorder which had been triggered by " boy racer activity " .
Jurors have been told they can reach a verdict of not guilty or of not guilty by reason of insanity .
Prosecuting barrister Paul Thomas QC , in his opening words to the jury on Tuesday morning , described the case as " highly unusual " .
He described how Mr Thomas killed his wife , his childhood sweetheart , because he had dreamt she was a man who had broken into their motor home .
The court was told Mr Thomas 's disorder meant he was not in control of his actions when he strangled his partner of 40 years .
After commissioning evidence from sleep experts , the prosecution agreed his actions were involuntary and he could not be held responsible .
Prosecuting , Mr Thomas said the defendant was charged with the murder of his wife , whose death he accepted causing .
Act strangely
But the barrister said the prosecution did not seek a murder or manslaughter conviction .
Instead , he said the prosecution would be arguing for the " special verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity " .
The alternative , the jury was told , would be " a simple verdict of not guilty " .
The jury was told that the couple , who have two grown - up daughters , enjoyed holidaying together in their camper van .
The daughters said their father had been prone to episodes of sleepwalking , during which he had been known sometimes to act strangely .
The court heard how Mr and Mrs Thomas had gone on holiday in their camper van in July 2008 and stayed the night at a vehicle park in Aberporth .
A group of younger people turned up at the car park after they had gone to bed , and the screeching of brakes and tyres - described in court as " boy racer activity " - disturbed the couple , who moved from the site 's lower to its higher car park .
' Highly sceptical '
The prosecution said that at 0349 the next morning , Mr Thomas made a 999 call , which was later played to the court , in which he said he had killed his wife because he had mistaken her for an intruder in a dream .
He said he had dreamt he was fighting one of the boy racers .
The prosecution said the defendant had told the 999 operator : " I woke up fighting one of those boys but it was n't a boy , it was Christine . "
In police interviews , Mr Thomas repeated what he had told the 999 operator - that he had dreamt of a man crawling across the bed , putting him in a headlock , then waking to find his wife dead .
The prosecution told the jury that the police and CPS had been " highly sceptical " of his explanation and charged him with murder .
But because the defendant had raised the matter of his sleep disorder , both defence and prosecution commissioned experts to investigate it .
Tests were carried out on Mr Thomas as he slept and both sleep experts agreed he had killed his wife while affected by a sleep disorder , meaning his behaviour was " involuntary . "
Spoke through tears
The barrister told the court Mr Thomas 's behaviour was consistent with automatism , which meant at the time he killed his wife , his mind had no control over what his body was doing .
The jury was told that neither sleep expert would go into details about the condition because they did not want details of it made public in case of " copycat killings " .
Later , the court was played a 10 - minute excerpt of the call Mr Thomas had made to emergency services .
As it was played , the defendant broke down in tears , sobbing loudly and burying his face in his hands .
In the recording , Mr Thomas spoke through tears in a panicked - sounding voice : " I think I killed my wife .
I killed her .
Oh my God . "
He explained he thought he had been fighting but then told the operator : " There was no boys , it was me .
I must have been dreaming or something . "
Later he was heard saying : " I love her .
What have I done ?
She 's my world . "
The court also heard the couple had been sleeping together in the camper van in a change to their sleeping arrangements at home where they slept separately .
Mr Thomas said it was the prosecution 's case that the defendant had suffered insane automatism caused by an internal condition .
He said the defence would argue it was non-insane automatism caused by external factors , particularly the stress caused by the boy racers .
The case was adjourned until Wednesday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
President Barack Obama has bestowed prized ambassadorships on big donors , such as Charles H. Rivkin and Louis B. Susman .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Obama rewards donors with plum jobs
He may have promised to change Washington , but President Barack Obama is continuing one of its most renowned patronage traditions : bestowing prized ambassadorships on big donors .
Of the nearly 80 ambassadorship nominations or confirmations since Obama ’s Inauguration , 56 percent were given to political appointees and 44 percent have gone to career diplomats , according to records kept by the American Foreign Service Association .
Advertisement
The latest nomination came this week , when Beatrice Wilkinson Welters was nominated to serve as ambassador to the island nation of Trinidad and Tobago in the Caribbean .
Welters , a longtime advocate for underprivileged children , and her husband , Anthony , an executive with UnitedHealth Group , generated between $ 200,000 and $ 500,000 in donations to Obama ’s presidential campaign and an additional $ 100,000 for his Inauguration , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , a nonpartisan group that tracks political giving .
The Welters can be counted among the nearly two dozen Obama bundlers — fundraisers who together organized and solicited more than $ 10 million in donations during the 2008 campaign — who now are being dispatched to some of the world ’s greatest cities .
Charles H. Rivkin , a Los Angeles - based children ’s television executive and an $ 800,000 bundler , is in Paris ; Alan Solomont , a Boston - based investor and $ 500,000 bundler , is in Madrid ; Louis B. Susman , a Chicago investor and $ 500,000 bundler , is in London ; and former Virginia lieutenant governor Don Beyer , a $ 745,000 bundler , is in Bern , Switzerland .
Nicole Avant , a member of a Motown family dynasty who is credited with bundling up to $ 800,000 for Obama , was granted the coveted and cushy ambassadorship in Nassau , Bahamas .
Beyond the bundlers , Obama ’s ambassador ranks are also teeming with good , old - fashioned , loyal Democrats who have given generously to the party but were n’t ranked among his top fundraisers .
Counted on those rolls are newly installed Ambassador to Germany Philip Murphy , former finance chairman for the Democratic National Committee who since 1989 has personally donated nearly $ 1.5 million to the party ; and Obama ’s nominee for ambassador to Costa Rica , Anne Slaughter Andrew , an environmental attorney whose husband , Joe , is a former DNC chairman who provided a well - timed endorsement of Obama during the extended 2008 primary against then - Sen .
Hillary Clinton .
For career diplomats , the selection of amateurs is always galling .
“ It is time to stop this spoils system and these de facto , three - year - term rentals of ambassadorships , ” said Susan Johnson , president of the American Foreign Service Association .
“ We believe the appointment of noncareer individuals , however accomplished they may be in their own field , to lead American diplomatic missions should be exceptional and circumscribed and not the routine practice it has become over the last three or four decades , ” she added .
The politicization of the diplomatic corps , which began in the 1960s , is of increasing concern to some foreign policy experts , given the rise of terrorism and the need for greater coordination between the U.S. and foreign governments on national security issues .
Diplomatic posts that may once have largely involved ceremonial appearances now can be focused on issues such as human and drug trafficking , kidnappings , war and intelligence sharing .
With that worldview , “ We believe America is best served by having career foreign service officers , just as we have career military officers , ” Johnson said .
Obama never promised an end to the practice of ambassadorial patronage .
In an appearance before his Inauguration , he said , “ it would be disingenuous for me to suggest that there are not going to be some ” political appointments .
But what has surprised some foreign policy experts is how traditionally Obama has defined the word “ some ” :
White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said it is unfair to judge the Obama administration by its first wave of ambassadorial nominations , because most of the openings involve traditional political posts recently vacated by Bush administration appointees .
More career diplomatic posts , which run on staggered , three - year terms , will begin opening up in the next year or two .
That should produce a second wave of nominations dominated by professional foreign service officers , he added .
“ We ’re well - aware of the historical target of career vs. noncareer ambassadors , and we will be right on that target , ” said Vietor .
That historic benchmark is roughly 30 percent political appointees to 70 percent career diplomats , and Obama seems on track to meet it .
But Johnson said the career diplomatic community had hoped for more than just the status quo from a candidate who campaigned on a vision of transforming Washington into a city less beholden to special interests and wealthy political benefactors .
“ There is a bit of disappointment largely because expectations were raised by the ‘ change ’ theme of Obama ’s campaign and that there would no longer be ‘ business as usual ’ in Washington , ” she said .
Equally disappointing — but perhaps more expected — to career diplomats is that the distribution of assignments shows no sign of changing :
The political appointees get the big mansions in big - name countries , while the careerists pack off to Haiti , Zimbabwe , Serbia and other less inviting postings .
To be sure , many of Obama ’s new ambassadors are accomplished executives who were schooled in the nuances of diplomacy in corporate boardrooms rather than in foreign capitals .
They also bring to their embassies the gravitas and personal ties needed to cut through the State Department bureaucracy and speak directly to the president when a situation requires it — an asset some U.S. allies have come to expect and demand .
And several of Obama ’s chosen diplomats have foreign policy backgrounds and are noted experts in their new areas of work .
For instance , U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice is a well - known expert on foreign affairs , as is Ivo H. Daalder , ambassador to NATO .
Rivkin , the new ambassador to France , is the son of a diplomat and was a member of the Homeland Security Advisory Council .
The president has , occasionally , tweaked the patronage mold .
His selection of then - Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman , a Republican who had bundled $ 100,000 for Sen .
John McCain ’s presidential campaign , as his ambassador to China was a shock to Republicans who had seen Huntsman as a possible GOP presidential candidate .
And in choosing Eleni Tsakopoulos - Kounalakis as ambassador to Hungary , Obama chose someone who had bundled $ 100,000 — for Hillary Clinton .
An even more surprising pick was Obama ’s choice for ambassador to the Holy See , a coveted post for Roman Catholics .
Obama ’s choice , Miguel H. Diaz , an associate professor of theology at St. John ’s University , has made one political donation in his life : a $ 1,000 check to Obama ’s campaign .
But Dave Levinthal , communications director at the Center for Responsive Politics , said , “ At least to date , it ’s clear that a notable number of the ambassador nominees have been bundlers , and more have been donors .
Those numbers appear to speak for themselves . ”
OTTAWA – A batch of swine flu vaccine is being pulled back for investigation after it appeared to cause higher rates of severe allergic reactions than other lots .
GlaxoSmithKline Inc. , which is producing the Canadian order of H1N1 influenza vaccine at its plant in Ste - Foy , Que. , said it asked provincial and territorial health authorities Wednesday to stop using doses from a specific lot shipment distributed late last month .
" ( GlaxoSmithKline ) is taking this cautionary action because ( the Public Health Agency of Canada ) has received a higher than expected number of reports of anaphylaxis in this lot number compared to other lots , " company spokeswoman Megan Spoore said in a statement .
" On an ongoing basis ( GlaxoSmithKline ) is working with Health Canada to ensure that each vaccine lot released to the provinces and territories consistently meets quality and safety standards . "
The batch under investigation by the federal government and GlaxoSmithKline bears the lot number A80CA007A brand name Arepanrix , which is the version that contains adjuvant , a chemical additive that stretches supply and boosts immunity .
Manitoba health officials say they have noticed severe allergic reactions from the batch in question at a rate of one in 20,000 , which is much higher than the normal rate of one in 100,000 .
A spokesman for the Ontario health ministry said 1,500 doses of this vaccine were distributed to Ontario and sent to two public health units : Perth Health Unit and Renfrew Health Unit .
" This vaccine was not administered to any persons and is being withheld until the analysis is complete , " David Jensen wrote in an email Friday .
Meanwhile , federal Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq announced during Question Period in the House of Commons Friday that provinces and territories can expect to receive 4.8 million doses of the H1N1 vaccine by the end of next week .
Ontario is expected to receive 1.86 million of those doses .
That would bring the total number of doses shipped across the country by Nov. 29 to 15.3 million .
The Public Health Agency of Canada has released its first weekly surveillance report for the H1N1 influenza pandemic vaccine since the immunization campaign began three weeks ago and the data show that from Oct. 21 to Nov. 7 – when 6.6 million doses had been shipped across the country – only 36 people experienced serious adverse events including life - threatening allergic reactions called anaphylaxis and febrile convulsions brought on by high fever .
That number includes one death from anaphylaxis that is currently being investigated and which a spokeswoman for the Quebec health ministry has confirmed was an octogenarian who died in that province two weeks ago .
" With any vaccination campaign , we expect to see some cases of serious adverse events , " Dr. David Butler - Jones , Canada 's chief public health officer , said at a news conference Tuesday .
" They are very rare , but they are part of all mass vaccination campaigns and we expect to see a small number of them . "
The rate of serious adverse events is so far 0.54 per 100,000 doses distributed , which Butler - Jones noted is less than what is generally expected for the seasonal flu vaccine .
An additional 598 milder adverse reactions were reported during the same time period .
The majority of those involved nausea , dizziness , headache , fever , vomiting and swelling or soreness at the site of the injection .
There were also several reports of allergic reactions with a range of symptoms , from hives and skin rashes to tingling lips or tongue and difficulty breathing .
Most of those occurred within minutes after people received their shot in the arm and staff at the flu clinics treated them right away .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
With files from The Canadian Press .
A 14 - year - old developer has programmed the first ever N64 emulator for Apple ’s iPhone and iPod Touch , and called it the 3G4 .
According to its creator , the “ 3G4 uses stunning control and ROM interpretation that you almost think you are streaming from your TV . ”
Videos after the break .
Of course , this is a work in progress : the developer ( who claims to be 14 years old ) says that he has to overcome duplicate button registers , delayed presses , and some crashing — and he has yet to implement the L , R , and Z keys .
The Genachowski-led Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) seems to delight in dropping bombshells on a weekly basis , but we did n't see this one coming : the FCC admits that its CableCARD mandate has been an abysmal failure .
That does n't mean it 's giving up the fight to encourage set - box box innovation ; instead , the FCC wants ideas for a new set of rules that will bust open access to video streams from cable and IPTV operators .
Call it " Son of CableCARD " ... and rest assured , the cable industry ain't gonna like it .
Total failure
If you 're curious how an agency like the FCC says something like " total failure , " take a look at yesterday 's innocuously titled document , " Comment sought on video device innovation . "
Buried inside that document are these lines : " The Commission 's CableCARD rules have resulted in limited success in developing a retail market for navigation devices .
Certification for plug - and - play devices is costly and complex . "
" Limited success " is a bureaucratic euphemism for abject failure , as the FCC made clear during its own November open meeting .
During that event , as part of its discussion about the National Broadband Plan , it noted that set - top box innovation had stagnated .
Agency engineers showed the following chart , pointing out that only 14 non-leased set - top boxes were on the market in the US .
Source : FCC presentation
Fourteen — and yet most Americans own a TV , and most subscribe to some form of pay - TV service .
Compare this to mobile devices , where innovation has exploded despite ( the now loosening ) carrier restrictions ; in 2008 , 879 mobile devices were in existence .
Why innovation in the one market but not the other ?
CableCARD was the government 's attempt to open up the " navigation " market for video content , allowing third - party televisions , DVRs , and set - top boxes to access and control cable video streams .
What the FCC wanted was innovation of the kind seen in other video products like the TiVo , the Roku box , the AppleTV , the Xbox 360 , and the PS3 .
All were essentially " set - top boxes " that did all manner of cool things , including access video content over the Internet from sites like Netflix .
What none of them did was integrate content from cable companies , which would have made them even more innovative and far more useful .
CableCARD was supposed to be the fix , but it was slow to deploy , was never widely supported , and had huge limitations .
Early versions of the host spec supported only one - way access , so electronic program guides , video - on - demand , and other two - way services did n't function .
The FCC then tried to force the industry 's hand , all but demanding innovation by requiring cable operators to use CableCARDs even inside their own leased set - top boxes , just to level the playing field .
But the " integration ban " did n't help much , either , as the cable industry delights in pointing out every time it submits a status report on CableCARD .
After years in the wild , nearly all CableCARD deployments at the moment are in cable - owned set - top boxes , and third - party devices like the Roku box and Sony 's PS3 never bothered with them .
( Most of the rest are in TiVo DVRs . )
If at first you do n't succeed , try tru2way
The situation was n't good for anyone .
Innovation was n't happening and cable operators complained endlessly that the integration simply made their set - top boxes more costly for no real reason .
So the industry pushed tru2way , the successor technology .
Tru2way features , as the name suggests , real two - way operation .
It still uses a CableCARD for security , but the navigation code now runs on a middleware Java - based stack inside devices like TVs .
The cable industry has signed on many consumer electronics vendors , but despite a couple years of hype , it 's nearly impossible to buy and use a tru2way device .
Still , they 're coming , and cable operators are moving forward with headend rollouts to support the tech .
Once those are live , a user with a tru2way TV set can move anywhere in the country , plug into the local digital cable system , and have full two - way access without a set - top box .
So why does n't this make the FCC happy ?
Real innovation ?
The short answer is that tru2way makes " convergent innovation " of the kind the FCC wants to see difficult or impossible .
For instance , imagine what a device like an Xbox 360 or a PS3 could do with access to cable video streams .
It could offer onscreen e-mail alerts over TV shows , provide one - click access to further stats during sports games , function as an HD DVR , etc .
The possibilities from this sort of convergence seem awesome and nearly endless .
But , says the FCC , " the tru2way license requires device manufacturers to separate cable navigation from all other functions that the device performs .
On the other hand , devices like TiVo , Moxi , Microsoft 's Xbox 360 , AppleTC , Roku , Sony 's Playstation 3 , and Vudu each use a consistent menu as they navigate through video content regardless of its source . "
The agency now seeks comment " on how to encourage innovation " — that is , what it should try next .
What 's really being pushed for here ?
Hard to say , and it's not clear that the FCC has any preferences at this point .
In the end , it may turn out that loosening up the tru2way licensing agreement will be enough , though device makers have never been very thrilled about having to allow a middleware stack created and controlled by the cable industry on their devices in order to access cable content .
Disrupter - in-chief
All we can say is " wow " at this point .
The Genachowski-led FCC has been relentless in its effort to disrupt the status quo .
In office for six months , Genachowski and team are drafting a national broadband plan ; working on net neutrality rules ; fingering companies like Google , Apple , and Verizon ; dealing with spectrum reallocation ; handling the nuts - and - bolts of white space device deployment ; threatening to extend neutrality rules to wireless networks ; and considering the transition from traditional circuit - switched phone networks to a full - IP communications network .
Now , we can add " shaking up the cable industry " to the list .
Looking at the topics taken up so far , each is big - picture , disruptive , and pro-network openness .
None are particularly radical ; indeed , each idea simply develops programs and policies decided on by earlier FCC administrations , some of them Republican .
Network neutrality builds on the Internet policy statement , open access rules on wireless follow from the open access rules on the 700MHz spectrum auction , and the new TV initiative builds on the decade - old CableCARD push .
The National Broadband Plan , which is new , was mandated by Congress .
So Genachowski does n't seem to be a radical , but he does appear to be both relentless and ambitious in his quest to see these ideas carried through to their maximum potential for disruptive innovation .
And he 's not above irritating just about every major incumbent with a network to do it .
Update :
The cable industry says that it welcomes the idea , it just wants to make sure it goes even further by applying equally to all TV operators ( which now includes companies like DirecTV , AT&T and Verizon ) .
" A Notice of Inquiry working to develop fresh approaches — especially approaches that cross multiple industry lines — should be pursued in concert with Commission policies that promote competition , innovation and other pro-consumer benefits , ” said National Cable & Telecommunications head Kyle McSlarrow .
Cable certainly can't be interested in ditching all of its work on CableCARD and now tru2way , so we 're curious to see how this plays out .
The Maverick ’s buck stops here .
John McCain is no longer the media ’s delight and his party ’s burr , bucking convention with infectious relish .
The man used to be such a constructive independent that some of his Republican Senate colleagues called him a traitor .
Now he ’s such a predictable obstructionist that he ’s in the just - say - no vanguard with the same conservatives who used to despise him .
On Tuesday afternoon on the floor , Senator Mitch McConnell , who contemptuously fought McCain ’s campaign finance reform bill all the way to the Supreme Court , oozed admiration toward his Arizona colleague , as McCain did yet another grandstanding fandango on the health care bill .
Watching him , one can only wonder :
Is McCain betraying his best self ?
Who is the real McCain ?
Even some of McCain ’s former aides are disturbed by the 73 - year - old ’s hostile , vindictive , sarcastic persona  a far cry from The Honorable Man portrait so lovingly pumped up in books by his former aide and co-writer Mark Salter .
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia —
As millions of Muslims begin arriving in Mecca for this year ’s pilgrimage , Saudi officials face a unique challenge : how to prevent this sacred rite from becoming an inadvertent incubator and global transmitter of swine flu .
The conditions that will arise during the pilgrimage , or hajj , which officially begins in the last week of November , are the exact opposite of what health officials like to see .
An estimated 2.5 million people from up to 160 countries — including perhaps 15,000 from North America — will walk , pray and eat in close proximity to each other for several days .
They will touch the same religious objects and sleep in crowded tent cities .
Some , inevitably , will arrive carrying the new virus strain , H1N1 .
Unable to alter these conditions , Saudi health officials have been working feverishly for months to minimize the risks .
It has been a delicate balance between maintaining unrestricted movement for one of Islam ’s holiest rites , and imposing measures to retard rampant transmission of the virus .
In June the World Health Organization declared swine flu , first detected in April , to be pandemic , meaning it had reached much of the world .
As of Oct. 17 , the WHO reported more than 414,000 cases and nearly 5,000 deaths from the disease .
By Nov. 2 , Saudi Arabia had 62 deaths and about 5,000 cases of confirmed or suspected swine flu , according to Khaled Al Marghalani , spokesman for the Ministry of Health .
Epidemiologists are watching swine flu carefully to detect if it blends with other strains or mutates into an even newer , more resilient strain that could produce more deadly outbreaks .
Large , dense concentrations of people such as the pilgrimage create conditions for such mutations .
And pilgrims who become infected during the hajj could bring it home , triggering new outbreaks .
Al Marghalani said in an interview that ministry officials “ feel very confident ” that they have done as much as they can to prepare for the hajj .
He said the Saudis invited international epidemiological experts , including staff from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , to a June meeting in Jeddah .
The participants inspected airports and seaports that will receive the pilgrims and made recommendations on preventing , spotting and containing flu outbreaks .
One recommendation , which the Saudis adopted and Arab health ministers endorsed , was for high - risk people to avoid this year ’s pilgrimage .
That group includes those younger than 12 , older than 65 , pregnant women and those suffering from diabetes and chronic diseases of the heart , kidney , lungs or nervous system .
The Saudis stress this is advisory only .
“ We will not prevent anybody from coming in if they get approval from their country , ” said Dr. Ziad A. Memish , assistant deputy minister for preventive medicine , in a recorded interview posted at the website of Science magazine .
The hajj , which lasts four to five days , is one of Islam ’s five pillars , required of all physically and financially able Muslims .
Each country is assigned a quota of hajj visas that it receives from the Saudis .
Al Marghalani said the government also highly recommends prospective pilgrims get seasonal flu shots .
And if a country has received swine flu vaccine in enough time to inoculate pilgrims before they depart for Mecca , the Saudis may require they be vaccinated prior to getting a visa .
However , few countries are in that position .
An article in Science magazine on hajj preparations written by Memish and CDC staff noted that because of manufacturing delays , as of Oct. 22 , only four countries had indicated they planned to vaccinate their pilgrims .
The kingdom has received an initial shipment of swine flu vaccine , and next week will start vaccinating health workers and local residents who plan to attend this year ’s hajj , Agence France Presse reported Monday .
The Science article also said that arriving pilgrims will be given kits containing masks , hand sanitizers and informational materials explaining how the virus is spread by airborne particles and physical contact .
Thermal sensors at airports will detect arrivals with a high fever .
The Saudi health ministry “ has recommended that each receiving airport have the holding capacity for 200 to 300 pilgrims to evaluate those who are symptomatic with influenza - like illness , ” said the June workshop report .
But officials are avoiding any mention of “ quarantine , ” the report added , partly because of fears it would discourage ill pilgrims from coming forward , and partly because of the “ risk of politicizing Hajj negatively as people may feel discriminated if quarantined . ”
If tests confirm an arriving pilgrim has the flu , they will be treated with anti-viral medicine — at Saudi expense .
Meanwhile , 76 clinics and 7 hospitals in and around Mecca will be fully staffed during the pilgrimage .
And for the first time , spokesman Al Marghalani said , field medics will be equipped with hand - held web - linked devices to instantly alert a central medical command when they find a sick pilgrim .
This will give a real - time , geographic picture of where outbreaks may be starting , allowing a rapid response to contain them .
While the prevention effort this year will be more intense , it is not unprecedented .
“ We have had experience with communicable and non-communicable diseases during the hajj for more than 50 years , so we ’ve got a lot of experience , ” Al Marghalani said .
Every year , Saudi health officials monitor epidemics around the world and require prior vaccination for visitors from affected areas , he said .
Meningitis , polio , dengue fever and yellow fever are top concerns .
Also , the government issues a yearly report summing up the major health issues of the last pilgrimage .
“ They are very transparent , ” said Awad Abu Zeid Mukhtaar , WHO ’s representative in Riyadh .
“ Whenever they have cases , they report it . ”
Saudi officials were encouraged when a wave of almost 2 million visitors to Mecca during the holy month of Ramadan in mid-September passed with only 26 cases of swine flu and no deaths .
However , the upcoming hajj will be more unpredictable .
It will bring many more pilgrims from developing countries with weak health systems , as well as visitors from the northern hemisphere when its flu season will be in full swing .
Submit Recipient Information Select Mobile Type Airtel Reliance Vodafone Tata Indicom First Name : Middle Name : Last Name : Gender : Male Female Mobile Number : E-mail : Address : City / State : Country : Please Select Country India USA UK
A 39 - year - old Thousand Oaks man has been arrested for reportedly paying teens to spit in his face , slap him and yell profanities at him , a spokesman for the Ventura County Sheriff ’s Department said today .
Charles Hersel , who was arrested on child annoyance charges and released on his own recognizance , reportedly sought out young male Westlake High School students on the MySpace social networking website , said Capt .
Frank O’Hanlon .
“ It did n’t take long for word to spread among local teens that they could get paid to spit in a man ’s face , ” O’Hanlon said .
Teens also reported that Hersel asked them to urinate and defecate on him .
He was arrested Wednesday after an undercover sting operation at the Westlake Promenade mall , where he paid a teen $ 31 to spit in his face .
-- Seema Mehta
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
Parts of 91 Freeway to be closed early next week
Police seek attempted rapist in Thousand Oaks
Delays expected on Metro Blue Line for track installation
Alleged scam aimed at African American churches in Southern California to be investigated
As you type an instant message , send an email , or have a spirited phone call , have you ever wondered whether the U.S. Government is listening in ?
And , if so , would they understand that you were n’t serious when you said that you wished some politician would die before he or she could raise taxes again ?
Dr. Nidal Malik Hasan , the Fort Hood killer , has done more to assuage Americans ’ fears about government surveillance than any official ever could .
The guy exchanged email with Anwar al - Awlak , an outspoken advocate of jihad who moved from suburban Virginia to his ancestral home of Yemen ( source ) .
The guy posted pro-suicide bombing arguments to Islamic Web sites using his own name , “ Nidal Hasan ” ( source ) .
The guy stood up in front of a group of U.S. Army officers and said that “ non-believers should be beheaded and have boiling oil poured down their throats . ” ( source ; original slides )
Was this guy arrested ?
Harassed by federal agents ?
No .
In fact , despite poor job performance , he was promoted to Major in the U.S. Army !
Instead of summonses to tedious court proceedings , the government sent him paychecks .
The bad news is that the same government that determined Dr. Hasan was a prime candidate for military promotion is trying to teach America ’s children math and English as well as run most of our health care system .
The good news is that it would appear our free speech rights are stronger than we imagined .
[ Separately , as noted in this Telegraph article , the incident with Dr. Hasan calls into question the efficacy of psychiatry :
Selena Coppa , an activist for Iraq Veterans Against the War , said : “ This man was a psychiatrist and was working with other psychiatrists every day and they failed to notice how deeply disturbed someone right in their midst was . ”
The American Psychiatric Association says that it is “ science - based ” .
If the discipline demonstrably lacks predictive power , is it fair to say that it is somehow scientific ?
( I am not saying that I agree with Ms. Coppa ’s assertion that Dr. Hasan was “ deeply disturbed ” , only that if expert psychiatrists could not predict that Dr. Hasan was likely to act on his stated beliefs , it would be nice to know what psychiatry can predict . ) ]
Editor 's note :
This story has been updated ( see below ) .
Publicly and privately , the Pentagon pinky - swears that militants have n't been able to make a dent in U.S. operations , even though they 're able to tap into American overhead surveillance feeds .
But at least one Air Force official , under the cover of anonymity , is telling a different story .
One militant group in Iraq was able to stay a step ahead of U.S. forces , he says , thanks to their ability to intercept spy drones ' transmissions .
" We noticed a trend when going after these guys ; that sometimes they seemed to have better early warning , " the officer tells * Air Force Times ' * Michael Hoffman and John Reed .
Eventually , American troops were able to raid a safe house of the Kata'ib Hezbollah militia , based out of Baghdad 's Sadr City .
As Hoffman and Reed note , the group " has long been suspected of being a surrogate for Iran 's Quds Force . "
U.S. forces were surprised at the level of technical sophistication .
On confiscated laptops , they found footage taken by both Predator drones and the Army 's fleet of smaller unmanned aerial vehicles , or UAVs .
The Army drones are the most vulnerable to interception , because they broadcast their feeds unencrypted and in every direction .
Retrofitting the hand - held Raven UAVs will take " at least two years , " Col. Gregory Gonzalez tells Hoffman .
Locking up the Army 's other drones may take even longer .
For the Shadow , Hunter , Warrior Alpha and the Extended - Range Multipurpose UAV , the Army will retrofit all systems with encryption , as funding permits , said Gonzalez .
According to the Air Force 's Unmanned Aircraft Systems Flight Plan , the service has an objective of ensuring " protected communications " on its MQ - 1 Predator and MQ - 9 Reaper drones by 2014 .
" Both the MQ - 1 and MQ - 9 use the proprietary datalinks that are unencrypted and as such susceptible to
enemy exploitation , " the Flight Plan notes .
UPDATE : So how important is this security hole , really ?
Check out the comments in this earlier Danger Room post for a well - informed debate .
UPDATE 2 : Air Force officers told me last week that the intercepts were no big deal , because the interceptors were only seeing the raw video shot by the drone or spy plane .
Without the metadata to go along with it , the footage was extremely hard to interpret .
" As this is video only , it was assessed overall that this capability in the hands of our immediate adversaries posed limited threat to operations or capabilities , " one officer e-mailed .
It turns out that intercepting the metadata is n't much harder than tapping the video itself .
Because " there is also mission control data carried inside the satellite signal to the ground control stations , " according to an analysis carried by Wikileaks .
Everything from target locations to drone headings to sensor angles can be pulled off the satellite transmission , too .
The more this security breach is examined , the bigger it becomes .
[ Photo : USAF ]
ALSO :
Erste Bilanz aus England H1N1 - Virus ist viel harmloser als Spanische Grippe
Neue Zahlen aus England zeigen : Nur 0,026 Prozent der H1N1 - Infektionen verlaufen tödlich , viel weniger als bei der Spanischen Grippe .
War die Hysterie um die Schweinegrippe also nur Panikmache ?
Wissenschaftler verteidigen die Impfung weiterhin , denn das Virus kann sich immer noch verändern .
Von Cinthia Briseño
Look up open source .
You 'll get 203,000,000 results .
How come ?
While credit goes to many , including Bruce Perens , who chose the term , I see widespread usage largely as the direct result of a " call to the community " by Eric S. Raymond on 8 February 1998 .
Plus the runaway successes of Linux , Apache and thousands of other open source code bases , and the Internet they all run on .
( And the Net is essentially a pile of open and free protocols . )
Look up RSS .
Right now you get 3,350,000,000 results .
Nearly all refer to Really Simple Syndication .
Dave Winer gave it that name , and its meaning to publishers of all kinds .
Dave was also instrumental in making podcasting happen .
In September 2004 , a lookup of podcasts yielded 24 results .
Today it brings up 64,000,000 .
( Plus over 105,000,000 for podcast . )
Look up Internet ( 1,590,000,000 results ) , Linux ( 302,000,000 ) , Apache ( 91,800,000 ) , OpenID ( 28,000,000 ) , Web ( 2,870,000,000 ) and anything else that 's useful , open and free .
I bring these up ( and any of us could bring up many more ) because ( as ESR put it way back when ) they have use value rather than sale value .
And that use value has enormous leverage .
You can make far more money because of these free things than with them .
( Something JP Rangaswami and I , among others , call because effects . )
I also bring them up because this kind of leverage is thick with a weird irony : it is both obvious and poorly understood .
it is so taken for granted that we neither study it nor learn enough from failures to recognize it .
Take the case of Moveable Type vs. Wordpress .
Back in 2004 , Moveable Type was an up - and - coming blog authoring system , developed and owned by SixApart .
As Mark Pilgrim put it in Freedom 0 ,
Movable
Type came with source code , so hack - minded individuals could add features like threaded comments or IP throttling .
You were n’t free to redistribute complete versions of your hacked copy of Movable Type , but you could release patches , and that was free enough .
It had a well - designed plug - in architecture , so it could be customized with a dizzying array of third - party plug-ins .
You were n’t free to redistribute Movable Type with those plug-ins pre-installed , but you could install the plug-ins separately , and that was free enough .
But SixApart decided to close down Moveable Type and to charge for a bunch of stuff , including comment moderation .
A lot of us told the SixApart folks that closing Movable Type was a bad idea , and that instead they should open it up the rest of the way .
But they did n't .
And , as Mark pointed out in his Freedom 0 post , Wordpress was there to take up the slack :
Freedom 0 is the freedom to run the program , for any purpose .
WordPress gives me that freedom ; Movable Type does not .
It never really did , but it was " free enough " so we all looked the other way , myself included .
But Movable
Type 3.0 changes the rules , and prices me right out of the market .
I do not have the freedom to run the program for any purpose ; I only have the limited set of freedoms that Six Apart chooses to bestow upon me , and every new version seems to bestow fewer and fewer freedoms .
With Movable Type 2.6 , I was allowed to run 11 sites .
In 3.0 , that right will cost me $ 535 .
That was in 2004 .
Now look up Wordpress .
You get 306,000,000 results .
Movable Type gets 15,800,000 , and that includes what Gutenberg invented .
MT is open source now , but it's on the late side .
Wordpress is a juggernaut .
It would have been nice , back in 2004 , to say to Ben and Mena Trott , who created and controlled Moveable Type , " Do n't just trust open source weenies like us .
Look at this research here . "
But there was no research then .
In fact there still is n't  not the kind that makes a strong business case .
I bring this up because I 'm still trying to make the case for open source , even inside the development community I lead .
And it ai n't easy .
The obvious is not apparent .
" Just tell me how I 'll make money by giving my code away , " they tell me .
Pointing at cases like Moveable Type 's will help .
But research will help more .
Maybe it already does , and I 'm just not aware of it .
I know about http://opensource.mit.edu, and there are some good papers there .
I know about Ibiblio's work , and Yochai Benkler 's Coase 's Penguin , or Linux and the Nature of the Firm and The Wealth of Networks , both of which make a great case for what he calls " commons - based peer production " .
Also Karim Lakhani's work , and Eric von Hippel's .
( And others , including colleagues , that I 'm neglecting by not mentioning , but I want to hurry and get this up . )
Those mostly cover how code and other open goods are made , rather than the business effects of opening code and letting nature take its course .
Chris Anderson made a good run at the business case with Free !
The Future of a Radical Price , and there are helpful pieces such as Benjamin Edelman 's Priced and Unpriced Online Markets .
But the obvious is still not apparent .
Maybe that 's because it can't be .
Or maybe it 's because it 's not easy to decide how one will make money on because effects .
You still need a with , right ?
Customers have to pay you for something .
What is it ?
Advertising ?
Google has sucked most of the oxygen out of that room .
Consulting ?
Can be nice , but it does n't scale well .
What are the others ?
We need more answers than we 've got .
Suggestions ( as well as corrections ) ?
Better yet , give me research designs .
Or improvements on existing ones .
There are other large issues at stake here too .
For example , building out the Internet .
How should it be done ?
Friends with connections to the Obama administration explain to me ( for example ) that " They not only do n't get openness like you 'd think they should ; they actually think verticalization is Good Thing . "
Also that they do n't care if the phone companies " stuff the Internet genie back in the pre-1984 bottle , " as long as AT&T and Verizon provide " lots of jobs . "
More to the point , they do n't see how the open
Net is a tide that lifts all economic boats , benefitting all companies and not just phone and cable ones .
In fact , they see no cost at all to an all - private Internet in which AT&T , Comcast and Verizon replace television with a vast new " content " business .
To them the Net is mostly about entertainment distribution , and familiar big distributors provide " lots of jobs " too .
If anything , the Obama administration is more connected to Hollywood and the copyright absolutists than the Bush administration was .
ACTA , anyone ?
Maybe I 'm being an alarmist here , but I do n't think the situation has changed a whole lot since I posted Saving the Net here more than four years ago .
As I understand it , certain pundits are struggling with finding an appropriate name for the decade now mercifully coming to an end .
What 's the problem , I wonder ?
Are their word processor dictionaries redacted of all four - letter words ?
I mean , I could think of a few dandies , right of the top of my head .
Short of the 1860s or 1930s , this was perhaps the most disastrous decade in American history , and it deserves a good goddamed label to celebrate that fine achievement .
More on that below .
Meanwhile , whatever the appropriate term , it 's important to keep things in perspective .
I think the most crucial notion to understand about our time - and perhaps the only way to make sense of it - is to see it as the point where the process of imperial decline shifted into third gear .
That explains a lot .
I like to think that even Americans would n't be capable of the sick stupidity we 've witnessed over these harrowing years without the effects of rapid altitude decline and the loss of cabin pressure that the ship of state has been experiencing during this era .
Perhaps I 'm too generous toward a people who do n't deserve a lot of that sentiment , either because of their diminished intelligence , generosity , compassion , sophistication or all of the above .
I imagine that would be the feeling on the streets of , say , Fallujah , where the attitude might well be confined to a lovely blend of schadenfreude and indifference , were it not for the fact that the paroxysms of the flailing elephant send so many fruit stands flying as the mortally wounded beast goes careening down the main street of the global village , toward inevitable defeat in its struggle with unforgiving gravity .
America probably must come down to earth again , its abortive ' century ' of world dominance having anyhow been artificially fabricated from a toxic combination of circumstance and theft right from the beginning .
I can even say that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
But it is , of course , all relative to what replaces Pax Americana .
Anyone who assumes that it can only get better on the international front is n't thinking real clearly or real historically .
Indeed , in all fairness , the US may well have run the most benign and least imperial empire in history - though not for lack of trying by the likes of , say , Paul Wolfowitz or John Bolton .
Thus it may well be that the next big thing is even less pretty .
Watching the Chinese government in action at home , where they are unfettered , does n't exactly inspire confidence in what a Pax Sinica would bring once they are also unfettered abroad .
If the same cats who brought us Tiananmen Square and Tibet are next gonna be seeking planetary domination , for once in my life I may actually come to appreciate the value of nuclear weapons ...
But I digress .
As I was saying before those proverbially inscrutable Asian aspiring hegemons so rudely interrupted me , the fall of American global dominance was only ever a matter of time in the coming .
What is most lamentable , however , is the way in which we 've handled that transition , and most especially , the degree to which we 've exacerbated it .
In short , it did n't have to be like this .
If the post - war French and the British represent two rather caricatured but nevertheless illuminative models of how to grapple with the end of empire , we have unfortunately elected to adopt the violent and undignified Gaulist approach .
We even went with a actual full - scale replication of the draining Vietnam experience .
At this rate , we 'll be invading Algeria next .
Heck , maybe that 's just what Bush meant to do , but he pushed the wrong button , mixing up , as he was wont to do , those Islamic countries whose names start with the letter ' A ' ( watch out Albania ! ) .
Probably we 'll just settle for repeating the French experience in Iraq and Afghanistan , instead of actually attacking Algeria .
What seems more assured is that we will replicate the catastrophic domestic meltdowns France experienced in 1958 and 1968 , as the lunacies of reactionary politics and the realities of tectonic change met on the French battlefield , and the state nearly took on the role of the slaughtered innocent civilian bystander , or what the military nowadays likes to call collateral damage .
If that happens , few will bear more responsibility than Barack Obama , who in less than a year 's time has managed to revive a comatose Republican Party that - like Jimi Hendrix , was dying from asphyxiation of its own vomit - whilst simultaneously flushing away the good will that he and his own party enjoyed down into the overflowing sewers of failed American presidencies .
Miraculously , he even managed to do all of this without any serious ' mistake ' , epic blunder , or fresh crisis on his watch .
About the lamest positive act Obama did all year was the decidedly inartful and astonishingly unnecessary comment he made about the Cambridge , Massachusetts Police Department .
If all you 're counting is the proactive mistakes made , Obama had fewer in a year than many presidents do in a typical week .
On the other hand , if you include blown opportunities into the mix , perhaps only Herbert Hoover can equal this president 's record .
If you look at what he did n't do , in short , it 's hard to imagine a more prolific record of non-achievement .
Does he know this ?
Sometimes - especially when I watched his Afghanistan speech about getting in so that we could turn right around and get back out - I wondered if it could be possible that he has taken it as his task to quietly and heroically direct the managed decline of the American empire , even at the cost of his own presidency .
That , of course , is pretty hard to imagine , but more to the point it is really unnecessary to do it this way , anyhow .
We can be a lot better than that , even if decline is inevitable .
( And it may not be , at least in an absolute sense .
Relative decline cannot be escaped , however , if for no other reasons than that China has other plans .
As does India , Europe and Latin America . )
A forward - thinking set of politics could really advance the nation and its economy in a hugely positive way , if only the accretionary shackles of predatory rentier pretend - capitalism could be busted off , freeing American society to realize its potential .
To choose but the most proximate example , we could have had real healthcare reform , I believe , if Obama had fought for it like George W. Bush or Lyndon Johnson fought for their respective legislative agendas .
To see what I mean , think of Bush hawking the manifestly idiotic idea of invading Iraq .
When he first began his marketing campaign for the war , most Americans wanted no more part of that imperial folly than they were hankering for a good dose of the clap .
But Bush and his people were as relentless as they were ubiquitous , and in a few months time they turned public opinion , managing to get about two - thirds of the country lined up behind their plans for a most excellent adventure in Mesopotamia .
Obama , on the other hand , is possessed of rhetorical skills that drive someone like W - who could n't have conjugated his way ( in English ! ) out of tenth grade , even after his grandpa paid for the new school gymnasium - nearly apoplectic just thinking about them .
And yet the bloodless current inhabitant of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue can't be bothered to work up either a passion or a sweat to sell his policy wares .
Or is it that he just realizes , as so many progressives now have , that what he 's selling just is n't worth getting excited about ?
These two presidencies really do illustrate all too nicely the pathos that is twenty - first century America .
Consider their respective situations , and what each did with those circumstances .
Bush came into office after marketing himself as a moderate , after one of the most contentious election meltdowns in American history , with a Congress almost exactly evenly divided ( and the Senate soon to fall into the hands of the Democrats ) , with no particular crisis going on short of a mild recession , and with really no mandate of any sort , apart from hopefully not acting as ill - suited and unprepared for the job as he seemed to be during the campaign ( no worries there , though - Cheney and Rumsfeld and Powell would be keeping him on the right path - remember ? ) .
So what does he do under these circumstances ?
He adopts a radical regressive agenda .
He polarizes the country .
He lets loose a marketing campaign of epic intensity , he hammers Congress , he aggrandizes to himself probably more unilateral power than any president in history .
And he gets virtually everything he wants .
If you can hold your nose long enough to get past the results of his policies , it 's quite an amazing story of boldness and presidential success , made all the more remarkable because of how astonishingly bad his ideas were for the country , and how transparent that fact was even at the time .
This guy was selling melted poisonous ice - cubes to Eskimos in wintertime , and he not only made the sale , he got them to want the purchase .
Obama , on the other hand , is dealt almost the opposite hand when he comes to office .
He is elected in a clear and compelling victory .
He gets a Congress with his party controlling both houses by lopsided 60 - 40 margins .
He receives a clear mandate for change , and he is backed by a stunning outpouring of goodwill , both at home and abroad .
He 's got crises that everyone agrees need some serious tending to .
In short , you could hardly come up with a better set of circumstances for presidential success if you sat down and created them yourself .
So what does he do with this gift ?
Again , the opposite of Bush .
He demands nothing .
He fights for nothing .
He negotiates with everyone , including those who have zero intention of voting for a bill that he is nevertheless allowing them to dilute , and those ( generally the same folks ) explicitly trying to ruin his presidency .
And what does he have to show for it ?
More looting of the public fisc by the already fantastically wealthy .
Policies that would be heartily applauded by the far right if enacted by Bush and a Republican Congress .
But , since they are n't , he is hated by those same people anyhow .
And , as an extra added bonus , he 's managed to alienate millions of progressives and young first - time enthusiasts in the political system who rallied to his cause - thinking it was their cause - in 2008 .
This is an astonishing act of cynicism for the history books , and one which will come back to haunt both Obama and his party in a huge way .
For which I , personally , am delighted .
However , Obama 's abuse of real people who really care about their country , and who for precisely that reason rolled up their sleeves and worked their butts off to get him into the White House , will also have grave repercussions for what 's left of the republic - and those consequences I do happen to care about .
There is huge anger out there , huge antipathy to politics as usual , and huge reluctance to get fooled again .
The situation is ripe , the moment pregnant .
My guess is the next stop is some form of radical demagoguery ( can you say " Palin " ? ) , perhaps followed by a complete abandonment altogether of the two - century - plus American experiment in democracy , when the demagoguery tanks even worse than Obama .
Yep , the guy who just won the Nobel Prize could be the guy who unravels democracy in America .
Of course , he 's had a tremendous amount of help , so we can't give him all the blame .
But more and more he looks to me like James Buchanan , the man widely considered the worst president in American history .
And why ?
Because the fifteenth president continued practicing politics as usual as crisis for the republic loomed large .
As a result of trying to please everyone , Buchanan pleased no one , lost popularity , had a one - term presidency , split the Democratic Party , and stood by as the country plunged toward civil war .
Why does that sound a bit too frighteningly familiar to anyone besides me ?
America has been ' blessed ' in the twenty - first century with two presidents who are fine exemplars of their parties .
One stood for the absolute worst tendencies in American politics , but knew his convictions and would take no prisoners fighting to win at all costs ( especially somebody else 's costs ) .
The other seems to have no ideational tendencies of particular note whatsoever , and would certainly not be so rude as to break decorum in any way , even for purposes of advocating for something that might actually improve the condition of the country .
I mean , what would people think ?
Seeing this talented African - American president benefit so much from the struggles of prior generations of progressives , and from the massive outpouring of goodwill from those who need deliverance and wanted to believe his rhetoric of hope - only for him to win election and then muster the full weight of the oligarchy - sponsored American government to stand on their throats , choking off the life of the country and the planet - well , that 's a fitting end to this particular sorry decade .
It began , equally fittingly , with the Enron debacle , which demonstrated emphatically the nature of a society that has come to worship above all else a greed so rapacious that alleged people could even contemplate tripping electrical system blackouts for an entire region of the country , just to make an extra buck .
So what did we do about that ?
How about institutionalize it as a full - blown system of governance , and choose for president a guy who was up to his faux cowboy belt - buckle in the Enronics of Kenny Boy Lay , one of his biggest contributors ?
Well , of course , ' choose ' is n't quite the right term , is it ?
Shortly thereafter came Bush vs. Gore , when the United States Supreme Court jettisoned any and every pretense of dispassionate apolitical jurisprudence in favor of a judicial - led regressive coup so blatant that it actually issued an order halting the counting of the votes .
You know your democracy is toast when masses do n't assemble in the streets over that one .
Iranians do .
We , on the other hand , just wanted it all to be over .
The new president , as stripped of a mandate as he was of a conscience , immediately proceeded to begin dismantling wholesale the bipartisan foreign and domestic pillars of the post - war Pax Americana system , many of which had even survived the Reagan years .
Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty ?
Gone .
International Criminal Court ?
Gutted .
Kyoto ?
Abandoned .
Transatlantic alliance ?
That was ' Old Europe ' .
Massive tax cut for the already fantastically wealthy , leaving gaping revenue gaps in its place ?
You betcha .
Let 's not forget .
This was already a radical presidency on September 10 , 2001 .
Then , of course , the next day came .
As the events of that day came into focus , my first thought was for the poor people in those buildings .
But I must confess that my second thought was that having this occur on the Bush administration 's watch could only mean much ugliness around the corner .
I felt a bit guilty for thinking about politics at the time , but I must say in retrospect : Check .
Got that one right .
There is much evidence to suggest that the politically correct conspiracy theory about 9/11 - that is , the conventional story - has both some gaping holes and some holy lies in it .
But even if we leave aside the horrifying implications of that thought , the idea that a president who was minimally criminally negligent on terrorism policy could benefit so much for so long from this tragedy is yet another reminder of how bad the decade was .
Then came Afghanistan , which shortly thereafter became one of the myriad casualties of Iraq .
There are no words for this .
There is no meaningful difference - in law , morality , politics , culture or civilization - between Saddam 's 1990 invasion of Kuwait and Bush 's 2003 invasion of Iraq .
The only divergence between the two acts of pure aggression is that when the hegemon does it , there 's no one around to block or punish the crime .
Although I must say , in the longer term , the gods of karma have gotten better on that score - notwithstanding the fact that Bush and Cheney and the rest of the cowardly crew who ordered up this outrage have so far escaped more or less untouched .
History will also record this as the decade when the evidence for global warming became so compelling that even George Bush endorsed it .
And then we did nothing .
If this country was a drunkard spouse who was bringing a hailstorm of destruction down on the family , you 'd toss the creep out on the street and get a divorce .
We have n't .
And , really , when you think about it - why should we ?
There are plenty of other planets out there to choose from once we wreck this one , are n't there ?
Of course there are myriad further tales of woe to be told .
After all , this was the decade in which the thirty year assault of radical regressivism came to full fruition , and was there for people to observe in all its glory .
The damages have been incalculable , and I have n't even gotten to Sarah Palin yet .
If there was one bright spot , it was the seeming recognition by the American public that this full glory of regressive politics was a fairly horrifying prospect to behold , once stripped by a sufficient dose of reality immersion to reveal the truth behind the marketing slogans .
Americans seemed to finally come to their senses just a bit , and decide that the thirteenth century was best left in the history books , after all .
But then along came Barack Obama to provide the fitting end to it all .
Crushing any sense of possible recovery or redemption ( and even his own presidency ) on the altar of perpetual obedience to corporate predation , he has now made the decade complete in every way .
Not only has he abandoned any meaningful solutions for the multiple crises he inherited , he has absolved by silence the folks who produced those very catastrophes .
No , strike that .
He has more than absolved them , he has revivified them .
If there is any bright spot in the whole affair , it is that conditions are fertile for potentially big change in this country .
But , then , this is America , a place where a corporate milquetoast like Harry Reid defines the supposed left , and is considered some sort of Bolshevik revolutionary .
Or worse , I should say that it is an increasingly desperate , collapsing empire America , where the chances that such big change could be really ugly are lots higher than not .
Really , pushed off its fat ass toward one political pole or another , do you see this country careening more toward twenty - first century Sweden , or 18th century Prussia ?
And when you look at the actors and energies out there working hard to move the nation in one direction or the other , just who seems to have the horses today ?
( Hint : The Tea Partyers are not progressives in this particular tableau .
Perhaps in Germany circa 1933 , but not in the America of 2009 . )
So let 's just hunker down for the new year , hope for the best , and call this one " The Devil 's Decade " , eh ?
Chalk it up to the red guy with the tail and pitchfork .
Maybe we 'll do better next time , but so far in the twenty - first century the score stands at : Satan , one ; Humanity , zero .
Of course , I do n't really believe in the Devil .
Or in angels , or saints or miracles , or any of the other human - made dramatis personae and sundry religious claptrap that get us into so much trouble .
No , I do n't really think there is a dude running around out there who is the Devil .
Whole countries , on the other hand ...?
Well , now .
That 's another matter entirely .
_______
About author David Michael Green is a professor of political science at Hofstra University in New York .
He is delighted to receive readers ' reactions to his articles ( David Michael Green is a professor of political science at Hofstra University in New York .
He is delighted to receive readers ' reactions to his articles ( dmg@regressiveantidote.net ) , but regrets that time constraints do not always allow him to respond .
More of his work can be found at his website , www.regressiveantidote.net
Autonomy .
Equality .
Racism .
Eugenics .
Immigration .
Environment .
Abortion .
Gender .
A list of provocative and important words shot around the room at a recent Berkeley Law School symposium on reproductive justice .
The goal was to define and advance that concept and its application in lives of women in the real world .
So what exactly is reproductive justice ?
After listening to the discussions at the symposium , I can offer a quick answer .
Reproductive justice is a broad understanding of what people from all backgrounds need to enjoy full and informed control over their reproductive lives and to be supported in their decisions to have a child , to not have a child , or to raise the children they have .
What unites efforts to promote reproductive justice is the goal of confronting deeply entrenched structural inequalities that impede people ’s ability to make these decisions and exercise this control .
Professor Dorothy Roberts provided some context in her keynote lecture about the discovery of genes that some scientists claim are linked to a host of “ undesirable ” behaviors like crime and early sexual activity .
She warned that this research has given the public new reasons to blame low - income communities of color for their own poverty and disempowerment .
The danger in concluding that biology is responsible for such problems , she explained , is the excuse this provides for ignoring the barriers that racism and sexism have created to self - determination and opportunity .
Bit by bit , these structural barriers strip away people ’s control over their reproductive lives and decisions .
As the symposium made clear , advocates have a long way to go in addressing these obstacles .
However , much work to support reproductive justice is already underway all around the country — including at the ACLU .
ACLU supporters may know that we played a leading role in opposing the “ child exclusion ” provisions in state and federal welfare reform proposals that sought to deny public assistance to children born into families living in poverty .
We have also fought for years to overturn federal restrictions on Medicaid funding for abortions so that low - income pregnant women can access the full range of health care options available to other women .
And in addition to exposing the racist and sexist assumptions behind these policies , the ACLU is dismantling stereotypes and systemic barriers that are less obvious , but — as the Berkeley symposium made clear — also important to reproductive justice .
Take the rights of parents , for example .
The right to raise one ’s children is a critical prong of reproductive justice , and government control over the lives of low - income women of color can drastically interfere with this right .
For example , several city public housing authorities have policies that ban a mother from inviting the father of her child into her home to help care for the child .
The ACLU has filed suit against a public housing authority in Annapolis , MD to challenge one such overly - broad public housing policy that bans certain individuals from the premises , including people who were never charged with a crime or were found not guilty .
These policies undermine the ability of parents in public housing , who are disproportionately women of color , to decide how to best raise their children .
Protecting the right to raise a child also requires protecting the right of women to earn a living .
I spoke on a panel at the Berkeley symposium about the barriers to reproductive justice for low - income immigrant women working in nail salons , who are exposed to chemicals that can cause birth defects , miscarriages , and infertility .
The “ right ” to have a child is of limited value to many low - income women who cannot access adequate financial support and childcare services .
Nail salon workers face particular challenges because they usually cannot access the chemical safety information they need to make an informed decision about the risks of working with toxic chemicals during pregnancy — a decision they should not have to make in the first place .
Reproductive self - determination also requires access to adequate health care .
Low - income women face particular challenges in accessing both routine health exams and more complex diagnostic care .
For example , many low - income women currently are unable to afford a potentially life - saving test to determine whether they are at elevated risk for hereditary breast or ovarian cancer or to obtain a second opinion about this risk .
The reason for the high cost ?
The government has granted patents on two human genes to Myriad Genetics , in effect giving Myriad a monopoly on testing for the genetic mutation associated with this risk and hindering the development of more affordable genetic tests by other companies .
The ACLU is challenging these patents to ensure that women , particularly low - income women , can access their own genetic information and make informed decisions about their reproductive health and their ability to bear children .
From public housing policies to nail salon workers ’ health to gene patents , advocacy for women ’s rights should not be driven simply by a focus on gender , but by a commitment to dismantling barriers to women ’s control over their reproductive lives and their decisions about whether and how to bear and raise children .
Reproductive justice recognizes that differences in opportunity do n’t just happen .
They are created by society and influenced by stereotypes and structural inequalities .
By bringing those barriers to light , the ACLU ’s work around the country is expanding reproductive justice .
Analysis Reading the Climategate archive is a bit like discovering that Professional Wrestling is rigged .
You mean , it is ?
Really ?
The archive - a carefully curated 160 MB collection of source code , emails and other documents from the internal network of the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia - provides grim confirmation for critics of climate science .
But it also raises far more troubling questions .
Perhaps the real scandal is the dependence of media and politicians on their academics ' work - an ask - no - questions approach that saw them surrender much of their power , and ultimately authority .
This does n't absolve the CRU crew of the charges , but might put it into a better context .
After a week of scrutiny of the emails , attention is now turning to the programming source code .
Three quarters of the material released is the work of the academics , much of which they had jealously guarded .
This includes a version of the world 's most cited and respected temperature record - HADCRUT - and a number of surveys which featured prominently in the reports of the UN 's climate change panel , the IPCC .
The actors here shaped the UN reports , and ultimately - because no politician dare contradict the ' science ' - shaped global policy .
The allegations over the past week are fourfold : that climate scientists controlled the publishing process to discredit opposing views and further their own theory ; they manipulated data to make recent temperature trends look anomalous ; they withheld and destroyed data they should have released as good scientific practice , and they were generally beastly about people who criticised their work .
( You ’ll note that one of these is far less serious than the others . )
But why should this be a surprise ?
The secretive Jones is no secret
The secretive approach of CRU director Jones and his colleagues , particularly in the paleoclimatology field , is not a secret .
Distinguished scientists have testified to this throughout from the early 1990s onwards .
A report specifically commissioned four years ago by Congress , the Wegman Report , identified many of the failings discussed in the past week .
Failings are understandable , climatology is in its infancy , and the man -made greenhouse gas theory is a recent development .
However no action was taken .
A little like Goldman Sachs , the group that includes the CRU Crew was deemed to be too important to fail - or even have the semblance of fallibility .
A lightning recap of what CRU is , and what role it plays , helps bring the puzzle out of the shadows .
When the king first moved against Parliament and promised to fix the much maligned election law , many groups praised the decision .
As the economy has soured , with unemployment around 13 percent , the legislature has developed a reputation for self - interest and incompetence .
It also lacked legitimacy because of accusations of vote - buying and fraud in the last election , though former officials say it was the intelligence service that oversaw the electoral manipulation .
Jordan ’s actions are nothing out of the ordinary in the Middle East , where kings , emirs , sultans and presidents rely on elected institutions to claim legitimacy and give citizens the perception they have a stake in the direction of the state , political experts said .
But those institutions have little independent power or authority .
In Egypt , officials in 2006 delayed local elections for two years , saying they would use that time to improve the democratic conditions , though those improvements have not occurred .
When Jordan ’s king dissolved Parliament , he also instructed the government to ensure that future elections were a “ model of transparency and justice . ”
By doing that , he focused attention on the election law that was put in effect in 1993 by his father , King Hussein .
The law shifted control of Parliament away from heavily populated urban centers , with a majority of Palestinians and Islamist supporters , to more rural , tribal - dominated areas .
The election law has been preserved over the years because it permitted some degree of public political participation , while allowing the government to preserve a social balance that it sees as essential to keeping Islamists from taking power , and keeping Jordanians of Palestinian origin from winning political control .
Of the six million Jordanians , at least half are ethnic Palestinians .
Government supporters say changing the law would undermine the identity of the state and diminish the prospects for the two - state solution to the crisis between the Palestinians and the Israelis .
But critics contend that the election law has been used as a political tool to protect old - guard interests .
“ I do n’t think that King Hussein , when he designed the election law , thought it would reach the situation we are in today , ” said Mustafa Hamarneh , a former director of the Center for Strategic Studies , who now edits a weekly magazine .
“ But there are conservatives who believe that this is the best way to maintain stability . ”
For the moment , the king has focused on the day - to - day management of a struggling economy .
The national debt is headed toward $ 14 billion this year at the same time that the economy is contracting as a result of the global financial crisis .
The king rolled out his final reshuffling on Monday , when he swore in a new prime minister , Samir Rifai , 43 , a businessman and former palace adviser .
In August , when it was reported that the July unemployment rate dipped slightly to 9.4 % from 9.5 % in June , I pointed out that the dip in unemployment was just monthly noise : Jobs and the Unemployment Rate
FAQ : How can the unemployment rate fall if the economy is losing net jobs , especially since the population is growing ?
This data comes from two separate surveys .
The unemployment Rate comes from the Current Population Survey ( CPS : commonly called the household survey ) , a monthly survey of about 60,000 households .
The jobs number comes from Current Employment Statistics ( CES : payroll survey ) , a sample of approximately 400,000 business establishments nationwide .
These are very different surveys : the CPS gives the total number of employed ( and unemployed including the alternative measures ) , and the CES gives the total number of positions ( excluding some categories like the self - employed , and a person working two jobs counts as two positions ) .
...
[ T ]he jobs and unemployment rate come from two different surveys and are different measurements ( one for positions , the other for people ) .
Some months the numbers may not seem to make sense ( lost jobs and falling unemployment rate ) , but over time the numbers will work out .
Click on graph for large image .
the graph does n't start at zero to better show the change .
Here are a couple of scatter graphs to illustrate this point ... The first graph shows the monthly change in net jobs ( on the x - axis ) as a percentage of the payroll employment , and the change in the unemployment rate on the y - axis .
The data is for the last 40 years : 1969 through July 2009 .
Although these surveys are different measures of employment - there is still a correlation - in general , the more payroll jobs added ( further right on the x- axis ) , the more the unemployment rate declines ( y - axis ) .
And generally the more jobs lost , the more the unemployment rate increases .
But the graph sure is noisy on a monthly basis .
Look at the two red triangles - those are the data points for the last two months .
Notice that the increase in the October unemployment rate was much higher than expected based on the number of payroll jobs lost .
And the opposite was true for November ( the unemployment rate fell even though payroll employment declined slightly ) .
The second graph covers the same period but uses a two month rolling average :
Now we see a much sharper correlation .
The red triangles are the for the last two data points , and the Sept - Oct point is above the curve , whereas the Oct - Nov point is on the curve .
All this means is the jump in the unemployment rate in October was higher than expected , and the decline in November balanced it out .
This also suggests the economy needs to be adding about 0.13 percent of payroll employment per month to keep the unemployment rate from rising .
That is about 170 thousand net jobs per month - this accounts for both population growth and an expected increase in the employment - population ratio .
Note that the trend line is a 3rd order polynomial ( equation on graph ) .
When the economy starts to add jobs , more people start looking for work - and the relationship between net jobs and the unemployment rate is not linear .
( see next graph ) .
If we use a six month rolling average for the above graphs , R- squared rises to 0.8 .
This graph show the employment - population ratio ; this is the ratio of employed Americans to the adult population .
Note : This measure was flat in November at 58.5 % , the lowest level since the early ' 80s .
However once the economy starts adding jobs , more people will be looking for work , and the employment - population ratio will start to increase .
This means the stronger the economy , the more net jobs required each quarter to lower the unemployment rate by the same amount .
The bottom line is the decline in the unemployment rate this month was noise , and the unemployment rate will probably increase further .
If the economy adds about 2 million payroll jobs next year , we 'd expect the unemployment rate to still be at about 10 % at the end of the year .
I arrived to Islamabad last Monday morning with a busy day planned .
I had just returned to Islamabad after recovering from the Peshawar blast on June 9th , 2009 , which left me with some minor injuries but did not break my spirit .
He wrote this less than 24 hours before someone took his life away .
Farzana Barkat ( 22 ) was an office assistant .
She worked in our logistics office , right next to where the suicide bomber blew himself up .
A young woman at the start of her life .
Abid Rehman ( 41 ) was our senior finance assistant .
He leaves a wife , two daughters and two sons .
I worked with Abid when I was based in Islamabad from 2000 to 2002 .
We always exchanged friendly and teasing jokes as I stretched the finance unit with my urgent requests .
GulRukh Tahir ( 40 ) was our receptionist .
She leaves behind a husband .
Mohammad Wahab ( 44 ) was our finance assistant .
He leaves a wife , two daughters and two sons .
I am a bit numb at this moment .
I think back of all the people I have known , and who lost their lives in the line of duty .
Abby M. .... I think how it is possible to be close to those we want to serve , without having to isolate ourselves with barbed wire and sand bags .
I think how we can still work in places we are still needed , but know we are at risk .
Algeria , where our offices were bombed in 2007 .
Somalia , where we lost two colleagues earlier this year .
Sudan , where we lost several drivers over the past years ...
Only to name a few .
It is strange ..
It is only after the hours go by that the cruelty and the reality of the act today really seeps through ...
And the consciousness that if we are to work in a higher risk environment , there actually is not one place , where one is totally safe .
Where would that be ?
In the office ?
They drive a truck through the gates and blow it up .
In the guesthouse or the hotel ?
Same thing ... You can restrict the movements of staff and reduce field visits to minimize the risk , you can drive armoured cars - as we do in some operations - but then again , what holds them from blowing up an anti-tank mine underneath your vehicle as you stop in front of the traffic lights ?
What holds anyone from gunning you down when you get out of the car .
Even when you think you are safe in the office compound .
Security for humanitarian workers has been more and more restrictive on what and how we can do our work .
" Protecting ourselves " is a must .
But how far does that conflict with being able to do our work , which entails having direct contact with those we serve ?
Should we all pack and go home ?
I do not know the answers .
I know one thing .
This is not a happy birthday for me ...
This song keeps on playing in my mind ... Picture courtesy The Nation
Hacker illustration .
Massive power outages in Brazil in 2005 and 2007 that impacted millions were caused by cyber hackers attacking control systems , the US television network CBS said Sunday .
Massive power outages in Brazil in 2005 and 2007 that impacted millions were caused by cyber hackers attacking control systems , the US television network CBS said Sunday .
The CBS news program 60 Minutes said it had learned that the 2007 blackout in Espirito Santo State , which affected over three million people , and a smaller incident in Rio de Janeiro in 2005 , were perpetrated by hackers .
The program , to be aired on Sunday , included the revelations as part of an investigation into the threat of cyber attacks on the United States .
Former Chief of US National Intelligence Mike McConnell told the 60 Minutes that he thought a similar attack is poised to take place on US soil .
If cyber hackers were able to infiltrate the US power grid , he said , " the United States is not prepared for such an attack . "
Earlier this year the White House , State Department and Pentagon websites were among US government entities targeted in cyber attacks , amid suspicion that North Korea or its supporters are to blame .
In May South Korea and the United States agreed to cooperate in fighting cyber attacks against their defense networks .
Jim Lewis , director of the Center for Strategic and International Studies , emphasized to 60 Minutes that US cyber security has come under significant attack from foreign nations in the past few years , including a breach of the CENTCOM Network , the US command post heading the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
" We know it was a foreign country .
We do n't know which one -- this was a very sophisticated set of skills , " Lewis told CBS .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further SKorea military networks under growing cyber attack
From October 31st through November 2nd , a number of festivals , holidays and solemnities take place , all loosely related and revolving around remembrance of the dead .
Halloween , Samhain , All Saints ' Day , All Souls ' Day , the Day of the Dead and other festivals trace their origins back to Celtic , Aztec , Roman and Christian traditions .
Halloween is largely a secular observation these days , All Souls and All Saints remain mainly Catholic observations , and the Day of the Dead is still largely a Latin American tradition , its roots in Mexico 's Aztec heritage .
Collected here are photographs over the past week from the varied observations of the Days of the Dead around the world .
( 37 photos total
Bishop Nicholas Loses His Cool
( At The Council of Nicaea )
Artist :
St. Nicholas Center Collection Detail : The Life & Miracles of Saint NicholasArtist : Alexander Boguslawski St. Nicholas Center Collection
In AD 325 Emperor Constantine convened the Council of Nicaea , the very first ecumenical council .
More than 300 bishops came from all over the Christian world to debate the nature of the Holy Trinity .
It was one of the early church ’s most intense theological questions .
Arius , from Egypt , was teaching that Jesus the Son was not equal to God the Father .
Arius forcefully argued his position at length .
The bishops listened respectfully .
As Arius vigorously continued , Nicholas became more and more agitated .
Finally , he could no longer bear what he believed was essential being attacked .
The outraged Nicholas got up , crossed the room , and slapped Arius across the face !
The bishops were shocked .
It was unbelievable that a bishop would lose control and be so hotheaded in such a solemn assembly .
They brought Nicholas to Constantine .
Constantine said even though it was illegal for anyone to strike another in his presence , in this case , the bishops themselves must determine the punishment .
The bishops stripped Nicholas of his bishop ’s garments , chained him , and threw him into jail .
That would keep Nicholas away from the meeting .
When the Council ended a final decision would be made about his future .
Nicholas was ashamed and prayed for forgiveness , though he did not waver in his belief .
During the night , Jesus and Mary his Mother , appeared , * asking , “ Why are you in jail ? ” “ Because of my love for you , ” Nicholas replied .
Jesus then gave the Book of the Gospels to Nicholas .
Mary gave him an omophorion , so Nicholas would again be dressed as a bishop .
Now at peace , Nicholas studied the Scriptures for the rest of the night .
When the jailer came in the morning , he found the chains loose on the floor and Nicholas dressed in bishop ’s robes , quietly reading the Scriptures .
When Constantine was told of this , the emperor asked that Nicholas be freed .
Nicholas was then fully reinstated as the Bishop of Myra .
The Council of Nicaea agreed with Nicholas ’ views , deciding the question against Arius .
The work of the Council produced the Nicene Creed which to this day many Christians repeat weekly when they stand to say what they believe .
NOTE
* Other versions of the story have Jesus and Mary with Nicholas appearing in a dream to Constantine or , even , to all the bishops .
In the dream , they give the Book of the Gospels and an omophorion to Nicholas , convincing Constantine and the bishops that Nicholas should be reinstated as Bishop of Myra .
Slappy Holiday : Why not take the Santa Claus tradition a little further ?
What Saint Nicholas might do if he were Santa Claus today … .
Nicea
A light - hearted song for Constantine
Superchristological and Homoousiosis
A light - hearted look at Saint Nicholas and theological controversy
Parodies inspired by Slappy Holiday
Four parodies set to popular Christmas tunes .
More in other sections
back to top
9/11 : Speeds Reported For World Trade Center Attack Aircraft Analyzed
For Immediate Release
( PilotsFor911 Truth.org ) -
Much controversy has surrounded the speeds reported for the World Trade Center attack aircraft .
However , none of the arguments for either side of the debate have been properly based on actual data , until now .
Pilots For 9/11
Truth have recently analyzed data provided by the National Transportation Safety Board in terms of a " Radar Data Impact Speed Study " in which the NTSB concludes 510 knots and 430 knots for United 175 ( South Tower ) and American 11 ( North Tower ) , respectively .
A benchmark has been set by the October 1999 crash of Egypt Air 990 , a 767 which exceeded it 's maximum operating limits causing in - flight structural failure , of which data is available to compare to the WTC Attack Aircraft .
Egypt Air 990 ( EA990 ) is a 767 which was reported to have entered a dive and accelerated to a peak speed of .99 Mach at 22,000 feet .
Boeing sets maximum operating speeds for the 767 as 360 Knots and .86 Mach .
The reason for two airspeed limitations is due to air density at lower vs. higher altitudes .
To understand equivalent dynamic pressures on an airframe of low vs. high altitude , there is an airspeed appropriately titled " Equivalent Airspeed " or EAS [ 1 ] .
EAS is defined as the airspeed at sea level which produces the same dynamic pressure acting on the airframe as the true airspeed at high altitudes . [ 2 ]
Pilots For 9/11
Truth have calculated the Equivalent Airspeed for EA990 peak speed of .99 Mach at 22,000 feet as the equivalent dynamic effects of 425 knots at or near sea level .
This airspeed is 65 knots over max operating for a 767 , 85 knots less than the alleged United 175 , and 5 knots less than the alleged American 11 .
Although it may be probable for the alleged American 11 to achieve such speed as 430 knots is only 5 knots over that of EA990 peak speed ,
It is impossible for the alleged United 175 to achieve the speeds reported by the NTSB using EA990 as a benchmark .
Pilots For 9/11
Truth have further studied if a 767 could continue controlled flight at such reported speeds .
According to the NTSB , EA990 wreckage was found in two distinct debris fields , indicating in - flight structural failure which has been determined to have occurred a few seconds after recording peak speed .
Based on EA990 , it is impossible for the alleged United 175 to have continued controlled flight at more than 85 knots over the speed which failed the structure of EA990 .
Full detailed analysis , including analysis of a recent simulator experiment performed , and interviews with United and American Airlines 757/767 Pilots can be viewed in the new presentation , " 9/11 : World Trade Center Attack " available only at http://pilotsfor911truth.org.
Although other factors come into play within the transonic ranges , Dynamic pressure is dynamic pressure .
Math does n't lie .
Boeing needs to release wind tunnel data for the Boeing 767 .
Despite the fact that the data can be fabricated , such a release of data may alert more pilots and engineers to the extremely excessive speeds reported near sea level for the Boeing 767 in which they can decide for themselves .
Update : Since our article on WTC Aircraft Speed Analysis was written , more evidence has been gathered to reflect the research provided by Pilots For 9/11 Truth and in the film " 9/11 : World Trade Center Attack " .
A more thorough understanding and explanation of why V speeds are established based on wind tunnel tests performed by the manufacturer is also available virtually making the need to gather documents from Boeing based on wind tunnel testing , moot .
We already have their results of such tests in the form of the V Speeds they have established through wind tunnel testing required by definition as outlined in the Illustrated Guide To Aerodynamics and all other related text .
For more information and to review the evidence gathered , click here .
Founded in August 2006 , Pilots For 9/11
Truth is a growing organization of aviation professionals from around the globe .
The organization has also analyzed Flight Data provided by the National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) for the Pentagon Attack and the events in Shanksville , PA .
The data does not support the government story .
The NTSB / FBI refuse to comment .
Pilots For 9/11
Truth do not offer theory or point blame at this point in time .
However , there is a growing mountain of conflicting information and data in which government agencies and officials refuse to acknowledge .
Pilots For 9/11 Truth Core member list continues to grow .
http://pilotsfor911truth.org/core.html for full member list .
http://pilotsfor911truth.org/join to join .
Comments ?
Discuss here .
[ 1 ]
http://www.luizmonteiro.com/Altimetry.aspx#EquivalentAirspeed, http://www.csgnetwork.com/machonecalc.html
( Equivalent Airspeed and Mach One Calculator to convert Mach into True Airspeed based on altitude / temp and then into Equivalent Airspeed )
[ 2 ]
http://www.aerospaceweb.org/question/instruments/q0251.shtml
Share this
Forty - five Percent of Employers Use Social Networking Sites to Research Job Candidates , CareerBuilder Survey Finds
Career Expert Provides DOs and DON’Ts for Job Seekers on Social Networking
CHICAGO , August 19 , 2009 – As social networking grows increasingly pervasive , more employers are utilizing these sites to screen potential employees .
Forty - five percent of employers reported in a recent CareerBuilder survey that they use social networking sites to research job candidates , a big jump from 22 percent last year .
Another 11 percent plan to start using social networking sites for screening .
More than 2,600 hiring managers participated in the survey , which was completed in June 2009 .
Of those who conduct online searches / background checks of job candidates , 29 percent use Facebook , 26 percent use LinkedIn and 21 percent use MySpace .
One - in - ten ( 11 percent ) search blogs while 7 percent follow candidates on Twitter .
The top industries most likely to screen job candidates via social networking sites or online search engines include those that specialize in technology and sensitive information : Information Technology ( 63 percent ) and Professional & Business Services ( 53 percent ) .
Why Employers Disregarded Candidates After Screening Online
Job seekers are cautioned to be mindful of the information they post online and how they communicate directly with employers .
Thirty - five percent of employers reported they have found content on social networking sites that caused them not to hire the candidate .
The top examples cited include :
Candidate posted provocative or inappropriate photographs or information – 53 percent
Candidate posted content about them drinking or using drugs – 44 percent
Candidate bad - mouthed their previous employer , co-workers or clients – 35 percent
Candidate showed poor communication skills – 29 percent
Candidate made discriminatory comments – 26 percent
Candidate lied about qualifications – 24 percent
Candidate shared confidential information from previous employer – 20 percent
Fourteen percent of employers have disregarded a candidate because the candidate sent a message using an emoticon such as a smiley face while 16 percent dismissed a candidate for using text language such as GR8 ( great ) in an e-mail or job application .
Why Employers Hired Candidates After Screening Online
Job seekers are also encouraged to leverage social media whenadvertising their skills and experience .
Eighteen percent of employers reported they have found content on social networking sites that caused them to hire the candidate .
The top examples include :
Profile provided a good feel for the candidate ’s personality and fit – 50 percent
Profile supported candidate ’s professional qualifications – 39 percent
Candidate was creative – 38 percent
Candidate showed solid communication skills – 35 percent
Candidate was well - rounded – 33 percent
Other people posted good references about the candidate – 19 percent
Candidate received awards and accolades – 15 percent
“ Social networking is a great way to make connections with potential job opportunities and promote your personal brand across the Internet , ” said Rosemary Haefner , Vice President of Human Resources at CareerBuilder .
“ Make sure you are using this resource to your advantage by conveying a professional image and underscoring your qualifications . ”
Haefner recommends the following DOs and DON’Ts to keep a positive image online :
1 ) DO clean up digital dirt BEFORE you begin your job search .
Remove any photos , content and links that can work against you in an employer ’s eyes .
2 ) DO consider creating your own professional group on sites like Facebook or BrightFuse.com to establish relationships with thought leaders , recruiters and potential referrals .
3 ) DO keep gripes offline .
Keep the content focused on the positive , whether that relates to professional or personal information .
Makes sure to highlight specific accomplishments inside and outside of work .
4) DON ’T forget others can see your friends , so be selective about who you accept as friends .
Monitor comments made by others .
Consider using the “ block comments ” feature or setting your profile to “ private ” so only designated friends can view it .
5 ) DON ’Tmention your job search if you ’re still employed .
Survey Methodology
This survey was conducted online within the U.S. by Harris Interactive© on behalf of CareerBuilder.com between May 22 and June 10 , 2009 among 2,667 hiring managers and human resource professionals ( employed full - time ; not self - employed ; with at least significant involvement in hiring decisions ; non- government ) ages 18 and over .
With a pure probability sample of 2,667 one could say with a 95 percent probability that the overall results have a sampling error of +/- 1.9 percentage points .
Sampling error for data from sub - samples is higher and varies .
About CareerBuilder
CareerBuilder is the global leader in human capital solutions , helping companies target and attract their most important asset – their people .
Its online career site , CareerBuilder.com , is the largest in the U.S. with more than 23 million unique visitors , 1 million jobs and 32 million resumes .
CareerBuilder works with the world ’s top employers , providing resources for everything from employment branding and data analysis to talent acquisition .
More than 9,000 Web sites , including 140 newspapers and broadband portals such as MSN and AOL , feature CareerBuilder ’s proprietary job search technology on their career sites .
Owned by Gannett Co. , Inc. ( NYSE : GCI ) , Tribune Company , The McClatchy Company ( NYSE : MNI ) and Microsoft Corp. ( Nasdaq : MSFT ) , CareerBuilder and its subsidiaries operate in the U.S. , Europe , Canada and Asia .
For more information , visit www.careerbuilder.com.
CareerBuilder Media Contact
For all media inquiries and interview requests , contact :
Jennifer Grasz
( P) 773-527-1164
( E ) [ email protected ]
During my life as a programmer I have more and more come to dislike switch / case statements .
They tend to be hard to grasp and with languages like C/C+ + they are often the source of hard - to - find errors .
Compilers that have warnings about missing default statements or missing cases for enumerated values can help to mitigate the situation , but still , I try to avoid them whenever I can .
The same holds true for if - elseif cascades or lots of if - elses in one method .
They are hard to read , hard to maintain , increase the Crap , etc .
If you share this kind of mindset I invite you implement to some custom models with Qt4’s Model / View API .
The design of the Model / View classes is derived from the well - known MVC pattern which separates data ( model ) , presentation ( view ) and application logic ( controller ) .
In Qt ’s case , view and controller are combined , supposedly making it simpler to use .
The basic idea of Qt ’s implementation of its Model / View design is that views communicate with models using so - called model indexes .
Using a table as an example , a row / column pair of ( 3,4 ) would be a model index pointing to data element in row 3 , column 4 .
When a view is to be displayed it asks the attached model for all sorts of information about the data .
There are a few model implementations for standard tasks like simple string lists ( QStringListModel ) or file system manipulation ( QDirModel < Qt4.4 , QFileSystemModel >= Qt4.4 ) .
But usually you have to roll your own .
For that , you have to subclass one of the abstract model classes that suits your needs best and implement some crucial methods .
For example , model methods rowCount and columnCount are called by the view to obtain the range of data it has to display .
It then uses , among others , the data method to query all the stuff it needs to display the data items .
The data method has the following signature :
QVariant data ( const QModelIndex& index , int role ) const
Seems easy to understand : parameter index determines the data item to display and with QVariant as return type it is possible to return a wide range of data types .
Parameter role is used to query different aspects of the data items .
Apart from Qt:: DisplayRole , which usually triggers the model to return some text , there are quite a lot other roles .
Let ’s look at a few examples :
Qt ::ToolTipRole can be used to define a tool tip about the data item
Qt:: FontRole can be use to define specific fonts
Qt :: BackgroundRole and Qt:: ForegroundRole can be used to set corresponding colors
So the views call data repeatedly with all the different roles and your model implementation is supposed to handle those different calls correctly .
Say you implement a table model with some rows and columns .
The design of the data method is forcing you into something like this …
QVariant data ( const QModelIndex& index , int role ) const { if (!index.isValid( ) ) { return QVariant ( ) ; } switch ( role ) { case Qt:: DisplayRole : switch ( index.column ( ) ) { case 0 : // return display data for column 0 break ; case 1 : // return display data for column 1 break ; ... } break ; case Qt::ToolTipRole : switch ( index.column ( ) ) { case 0 : // return tool tip data for column 0 break ; case 1 : // return tool tip data for column 1 break ; ... } break ; ... } }
… or equivalent if - else structures .
What happens here ?
The design of the data method forces the implementation to “ switch ” over role and column in one method .
But nested switch / case statements ?
AARGH !!
With our mindset outlined in the beginning this is clearly unacceptable .
So what to do ?
Well , to tell the truth , I ’m still working on the best™ solution to that but , anyway , here is a first easy improvement : handler methods .
Define handler methods for each role you want to support and store them in a map .
Like so :
#include < QAbstractTableModel > class MyTableModel : public QAbstractTableModel { Q_OBJECT typedef QVariant ( MyTableModel ::* RoleHandler ) ( const QModelIndex& idx ) const ; typedef std::map<int , RoleHandler > RoleHandlerMap ; public : enum Columns { NAME_COLUMN = 0 , ADDRESS_COLUMN } ; MyTableModel ( ) { m_roleHandlerMap [ Qt::DisplayRole ] = &MyTableModel::displayRoleHandler ; m_roleHandlerMap [ Qt::ToolTipRole ] = & MyTableModel::tooltipRoleHandler ; } QVariant displayRoleHandler( const QModelIndex& idx ) const { switch ( idx.column ( ) ) { case NAME_COLUMN : // return name data break ; case ADDRESS_COLUMN : // return address data break ; default : Q_ASSERT ( !" Invalid column " ) ; break ; } return QVariant ( ) ; } QVariant tooltipRoleHandler( const QModelIndex& idx ) const { ... } QVariant data( const QModelIndex& idx , int role ) const { // omitted : check for invalid model index if ( m_roleHandlerMap.count( role ) == 0 ) { return QVariant ( ) ; } RoleHandler roleHandler = ( * m_roleHandlerMap.find ( role ) ) .second ; return ( this ->*roleHand ler ) ( idx ) ; } private : RoleHandlerMap m_roleHandlerMap ; } ;
The advantage of this approach is that the supported roles are very well communicated .
We still have to switch over the columns , though .
I ’m currently working on a better solution which splits the data calls up into more meaningful methods and kind of binds the columns to specific parts of the data items in order to get a more row - centric approach : one row = one element , columns = element attributes .
I hope this will get me out of this switch / case / if / else nightmare .
What do you think about it ?
I mean , is it just me , or is an API that forces you into crappy code just not so well done ?
How would you solve this ?
Dec. 23 , 2009  --
There 's no place like home for the holidays .
But this year , Phil and Barb Kubes and their three children will have to settle for memories of Christmas past .
Last month , the Omaha , Neb. , family was forced out of their home of 12 years after falling drastically behind on mortgage payments .
Having failed to reach a workable solution with Litton Loan Servicing , the Houston - based company that collects their mortgage debt , the Kubes were foreclosed upon and told to vacate .
They ended up renting a house across town .
" It 's comfortable , " Barb Kubes said .
" But it 's not home . "
Litton is by no stretch the largest loan servicing company -- essentially the mortgage industry 's version of a collection agency -- but it is among the ones coming under the most heavy fire in the wake of a housing crisis that continues to roil the country .
Litton , unfairly or not , has drawn the wrath of legions of homeowners , homeowner advocacy groups , lawmakers , labor unions and class action attorneys alike .
One glaring reason Litton has attracted so much of the scorn directed at loan servicing in general :
It is owned by Goldman Sachs , proverbial poster child for Wall Street 's excess and its percieved indifference to the plight of average Americans .
" Upset , " Barb Kubes said , choking back emotion , when she was asked how she felt when she found out Litton was owned by massively profitable Goldman Sachs .
It did n't help that her hometown hero , Warren Buffett , the so - called Oracle of Omaha , invested $ 5 billion in Goldman shares during the height of the crisis last year .
" I 'm surprised Warren Buffett would have anything to do with them , " she said .
With the exception of maybe AIG , no firm has come to symbolize Main Street 's disgust with Wall Street practices more than Goldman .
In a move that caused a global backlash , Goldman has said it expects to set aside more than $ 20 billion for bonuses and other forms of employee compensation and benefits at the end of the year .
Critics of Goldman 's compensation practices say the firm has no business handing out billions to bankers and traders after having been the beneficiary of numerous forms of federal assistance , including TARP money ( that Goldman has since paid back ) as well as billions in FDIC - guaranteed loans and another $ 13 billion in taxpayer money given to AIG that was ultimately paid to Goldman .
Though it will derive only a tiny fraction of the billions it expects to earn this year from revenues produced by Litton , Goldman nevertheless finds itself , albeit indirectly , connected to a highly controversial issue at the crux of the housing crisis : Widespread failure by banks to allow homeowners to modify their loans .
A recent study by the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston showed banks have little incentive to modify loans to help homeowners avoid foreclosure because of one simple reason that at this time of year perhaps only Ebenezer Scrooge could appreciate : Loan modification is not profitable for lenders .
No Interest in Avoiding Foreclosure
Because mortgages are typically sold off to third party investors , the entities that service the loans , such as Litton , do not have a vested interest in avoiding foreclosure , according to Julia Gordon , senior policy counsel at the Washington , D.C. - based Center for Responsible Lending .
" Loan servicers make their money on late fees , so there is a perverse incentive for them not to work out solutions , " Gordon said .
" Meanwhile , there is zero incentive for them to help a family stay in their home .
This is really a deep , serious problem and it has been for a long time . "
Litton is a part of the problem , Gordon says , but " they are by no means the worst of the bunch . "
Gordon actually pointed out that Litton is viewed as having responsive staff and a commendable call center .
But one major labor figure seems to disagree with the assessment that Litton is to be commended for anything .
Demanding Disclosure
In a letter sent a few weeks ago to Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein , Andy Stern , president of the Service Employees International Union , took the Wall Street firm to task over its Litton arm , acquired in December 2007 , just as the housing market was taking a turn toward disaster .
Stern specifically asked that Goldman fully disclose all of the details of its Litton loan portfolio , including the number of loans currently in foreclosure and the number of loans that have been modified so far .
In an effort to encourage loan servicers to modify more loans , the Treasury earlier this year set up a program within TARP called the Home Affordability Modification Program , or HAMP .
According to the SEIU , citing Treasury , Litton has modified only 12 percent of the loans eligible to be modified through the government program .
A spokesman for Goldman referred all questions to Litton .
Litton spokeswoman Donna Marie Jendritza said she could not comment on the Kubes ' situation , citing legal reasons .
She said , however , that Litton " tries to help people stay in their homes to the extent it is possible " and that foreclosure is " always viewed as a last resort . "
Jendritza also took issue with any suggestion that Litton makes money off of late fees .
" Servicing loans is costly , " she said .
" If there is any money being made from fees it is nominal .
We just do n't buy into claims that we do n't have an incentive to keep people in their homes .
Foreclosure is always a last resort . "
She would not elaborate on how Litton makes most of its money if not by way of fees .
Goldman does not break out how much it makes from Litton .
Collecting payments from delinquent homeowners is not a business that is ever going to attract many fans , especially not after the biggest housing market collapse in generations and not with unemployment still at 10 percent .
A recent survey by the Mortgage Bankers Association found that as of the second quarter of 2009 there were 6 million loans either past due or in foreclosure .
While many people tend to assume that banks , or bank - owned servicers for that matter , have more incentive to work things out rather than foreclose , economists at the Boston Fed found that there is actually far more incentive to foreclose .
That 's because banks realize that there is a greater probability that borrowers who get approved for a loan modification will re-default .
In a speech earlier this month , Federal Reserve Board Governor Elizabeth Duke addressed the issues surrounding loan servicers , which have not always been the most visible part of the mortgage business .
" Responses to this current crisis ... including attempts to make large - scale loan modifications ... have pointed to the critical role that servicers play through their direct interaction with borrowers , " Duke said .
" Yet , there have been problems .
Many servicers did not have , and some may still not have , adequate systems and personnel in place to deal with the sheer scale of the foreclosure crisis .
Servicers are concerned about the competing interest of investors and the threat of litigation for pursuing alternatives to foreclosure .
In turn , some investors have questioned servicers ' incentives . "
What Phil and Barb Kubes said angered them most was that Litton from the start , they had the feeling that Litton had no interest in helping them work out a payment plan .
" I bent over backwards to try to work something out so we could keep our home , " said Barb Kubes , recalling , in at times agonizing detail , weeks of calls , more calls , transferred calls , forms , faxes and frustration inflicted , she said , by an array of people on the other end of a telephone who repeatedly failed to even pretend to be trying to help .
" Litton , literally , was impossible to deal with , " she said .
Litton , Kubes said , refused to accept a Chapter 13 personal bankruptcy plan approved by a judge that reorganized the family 's debts , including back mortgage payments .
Mortgage payments going forward were not part of the settlement .
Last month , a judge in Suffolk County , New York was so outraged by a loan servicer 's behavior in failing to work out a loan modification that he ordered that the entire amount owed on the home , around $ 525,000 , be erased , essentially awarding the family the home free of charge .
Barb Kubes insisted she was treated deplorably .
At one point in a conversation with an unnamed Litton servicer a few weeks before Thanksgiving , Kubes was supposedly told " if you ca n't afford the F *** ing house we 'll just take it . "
" I said ' excuse me ? ' "
Kubes recalls .
" At that point , I was in tears . "
Kubes said Litton reps eventually told her they were not accepting any more payments from her because certain crucial forms and documentation that could have given her a modification were not received .
Kubes said she downloaded and filled out the forms and faxed them in along with documentation of her pay working for Union Pacific .
But Litton later claimed , she said , that they did not get them , one of numerous instances in which Litton said key paperwork did not make it to them .
Kubes claimed that during her seemingly endless phone odyssey she was transferred from Litton 's loan mitigation division , to bankruptcy division , to foreclosure , with agents and their superiors on the end of the line always claiming ultimately that she had to speak with someone else .
" Loan servicing companies are notorious for tricks and traps , " explained CRL's Gordon , though not specifically pointing fingers at Litton .
Indeed , in the fall of 2005 , long before the housing crisis began , Litton was the target of a class action suit filed in federal court in Los Angeles by the law firm of Lieff Cabraser Heimann & Bernstein in which Litton was accused of numerous dubious tactics , including misapplying payments , failing to credit payments in a timely fashion , charging unwarranted late fees , prematurely attempting foreclosure regardless of legal grace periods and failing to provide customers with proper information .
Litton ultimately forced the Kubes out of their home , which is now for sale for $ 45,000 less than what the Kubes owed on it .
So far the house has not sold .
" I just do n't understand why they would n't help us work this out , " she says .
" We wanted to stay in our home .
We loved that home . "
Three Days to Leave
The final stakes through the Kubes ' heart are , at cursory glance , at the very least perplexing , and at worst , some might argue , heartless .
A few days before Thanksgiving , Kubes got a " notice to quit " letter stuffed into her door like a Dominos pizza flyer .
Filled with legal jargon and official language , it informed her she had three days to get in touch with an Omaha foreclosure attorney , Eric Lindquist , who was working for Litton .
Lindquist did not return calls to ABCNews.com .
" I was told by someone in his office that a notice to quit letter was like an eviction notice , " Kubes says .
" But I said ' like an eviction notice ? '
What does that mean ?
No one told me what it meant and I did n't know what my options were . "
She said that without getting a date in court or so much as an explanation from Lindquist as to what her options were , the Kubes were next told by a real estate agent who showed up on their doorstep that " Litton 's bank in New York " had bought their house and that they had three days to leave .
The Litton spokesman denied that was even plausible , because as a servicer it does not buy property .
In some cases when property is not purchased in foreclosure , Litton will revert to an industry practice known as " Real Estate Owned " and work with a local realtor to sell a foreclosed property .
The real agent then offered her $ 1,400 cash for the keys .
" Cash for keys " is a common loan servicing practice to help people get through the difficult period of eviction , and not a tactic to entice someone to leave , the Litton spokeswoman said .
Kubes said she knew in her heart she was making a mistake but at the same time she was done fighting .
Broke , nervous about having some form of a roof over her head , her husband out of work , she took the money and turned over the keys .
Then the family moved out .
Financially , one could argue that things did n't entirely turn out all that badly for the family , since they no longer owe the $ 167,000 on the house .
But the Kubes lost thousands that they invested into it over the past decade , and , more than anything , they lost their home , a place they loved .
It was the only home that their youngest , Casey , 8 , had ever known .
It was where they spent the past 12 Christmases .
A defender of loan servicers might argue that , emotions aside , the family simply could no longer afford it .
Barb Kubes 's response : " We miss it . "
LAGOS , Nigeria —
A recent surge in kidnapping in Nigeria has seen prominent members of society — from all - singing , all - dancing “ Nollywood ” film stars , to the elderly father of a former central bank governor — becoming victims of abductions .
This year has seen a shift in kidnapping .
Previously the targets were foreign oil companies ’
Western workers who were taken by oil rebels usually in attacks in the energy - rich Niger Delta region .
Now criminal gangs are becoming ever more interested in snatching wealthy locals .
“ Kidnapping has become a serious criminal problem this year , ” said Chief Adewole Ajakaiye , a recently retired police commissioner who has over 20 years ’ experience in different parts of Nigeria .
“ If someone robs a house , maybe they will get a TV and a stereo .
With this the profit is much higher — they can make millions of naira even after negotiating the ransom . ”
Last month ’s abduction of Nkem Owoh , a Nollywood actor known for a song about financial scams called “ I Go Chop Your Dollar , ” seems to have made high returns for his attackers .
At the start of November , Owoh was snatched while driving along an expressway in eastern Nigeria .
His abductors originally demanded 15 million naira ( $ 99,000 ) .
He was freed a week later for an unknown fee , though local press reports say the kidnappers finally received 1.4 million naira plus the actor ’s car .
Yakubu Lame , Nigeria ’s minister of police , said in July that 512 kidnappings had been reported in the first half of this year , compared with 353 for the whole of last year .
Nigeria is in the world ’s top eight kidnapping hotspots , alongside war zones and failed states such as Afghanistan , Iraq and Somalia , according to U.S. security group Clayton Consultants .
Stories of kidnapped expatriates in the country have made headlines on many occasions this decade .
In recent years , Niger Delta insurgents have abducted scores of foreign oil workers , both to draw attention to their political campaigns and to make a profit .
From January 2008 to July 2009 , foreign nationals were being snatched in the delta at an average rate of one every 10 days , according to U.S. State Department data — though the vast majority of kidnappings still go unreported .
But , as Western oil giants operating in Africa ’s most populous nation — such as RoyalDutch Shell , Total and ExxonMobil — have tightened security and shifted staff out of the delta , attackers have had to start looking elsewhere .
These days , oil workers who remain in the delta are confined to guarded compounds after dark .
Of the 35 Britons reported snatched in Nigeria since 2006 , only four were abducted this year , according to the British government .
Shell says 133 of its employees were kidnapped in the country between 2006 and 2008 , but only 19 of those incidents took place last year , showing the start of a downward trend .
The company refused to release data for this year .
In a country that has the stark income gaps often associated with an oil economy , and where appearance is a matter of great pride , rich Nigerians can be easy to spot .
“ Wealth here is conspicuous .
The average Nigerian likes to show his wealth , to show that God has blessed him , ” said Ajakaiye .
“ And when you feel that your right [ to also be wealthy ] has been taken from you , what do you do ?
You want to fight for it . ”
The shift toward Nigerian victims has also seen kidnapping move beyond the delta , which is in the southeast .
The father of Chukwuma Soludo , the former central bank chief , was seized at the end of October in Anambra state .
Simeon Soludo , in his late 70s , was released some days later .
His family denies paying a ransom .
A senior government official was also abducted in the north this summer .
“ The expat has become a more difficult thing to seize , ” said one security expert in Lagos , Nigeria ’s commercial capital , who wished to remain anonymous .
“ So kidnappers have rapidly turned their attention to wealthy Nigerians , their children , even their grandmothers .
We can expect more in the leadup to Christmas , when crime traditionally increases here . ”
Nigeria ’s government is currently debating an anti-kidnapping bill , which , if passed , would mean life sentences for abductors and their assistants .
Six of the country ’s 36 states have this year adopted the death penalty for the crime , according to Amnesty International .
More are considering it .
However , security analysts say tougher penalties are not the solution .
In another sign of unevenly distributed wealth and opportunities , jobs are scarce in sub-Saharan Africa ’s second - largest economy .
Many Nigerians are on a daily hunt for instant cash .
Some jobless young men , seeing the riches of foreigners and the country ’s small elite , turn to crime to plot ways to get rich quick .
“ This problem has root causes : unemployment , poverty , a lack of voice and a sense of disenfranchisement , all of which sit against the wealth of a few , ” said the security expert in Lagos .
“ Draconian punishments wo n’t deal with it . ”
Most people fear snakes and do n’t want to even look at them .
Still they are fascinating reptiles in different colors and lengths .
The photographer Guido Mocafico saw the beauty in them , and took amazing shots of them that it almost looks like detailed paintings .
While some people take photos of dangerous snakes , these guys are keeping pythons , among other dangerous animals , as pets .
We 're used to various death threats by now , of course , even from Drudge 's poodle , Andy " Big Government " Breitbart , but those socially " conservative " , American " values " - lovin ' , Fox " News " viewers have really outdone themselves this time .
On Monday night , FoxNews.com featured a story on the latest announcement from VR's StopTheChamber.com campaign , concerning the offer of a $ 200,000 reward for insider information leading to the arrest and conviction of Tom Donohue , the CEO of the right - wing corporatist lobbying group , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
[ Disclosure : The BRAD BLOG is a co-founder of VelvetRevolution.us ]
Apart from his work at the Chamber , Donohue has run a number of major corporations into the ground , as his tenure as CEO at each was generally plagued by improprieties , plunging stock values ( coupled with soaring executive pay ) , scandal , various forms of illegal behavior and SEC investigations .
He was found by the FEC to have made millions of dollars in illegal corporate campaign contributions in 2004 and is now facing a criminal investigation by the DoJ about that , even while he runs the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , in many ways , as nothing short of a criminal racket .
Unlike many similar campaigns VR has run in the past , offering such rewards for whistleblower information about wrong - doers over the years , this one caught the attention of the folks at Fox for some reason , and they decided to splash it on the front page of their website this week with a bold graphic shouting : " HUNTED BY THE LEFT : Bounty Put on Head of Chamber Boss " .
For good measure , in the story itself , they used the word " Liberal " a total of four times before they even finished the second graf .
( An email to the story 's author , Judson Berger , explaining that VR is a non-partisan group and works with folks of many different political bents , including Republicans , led them to change their headline from the wholly misleading " Liberal Group Puts Bounty on Head of Chamber of Commerce CEO " to the slightly - less misleading " Activist Group Puts Bounty on Head ... " etc. )
Anyway , while there is no bounty on anybody 's " head " , and no one is being " HUNTED " , the StopTheChamber.com campaign does feature a reward for information leading to Donohue 's arrest and conviction .
Roll Call also covered [ $ - only ]
VR 's announcement on Monday , though much more responsibly ( in a far less inflammatory way ) than Fox did .
But this story is not about that , it 's about the unbelievable amount of email that was sent from , presumably , those " socially conservative " Fox " News " fans in which a good 98 % of those notes contained one or more of the following :
Threats of death or violence ;
The F - Word ( or similar ) ;
Accusations of Nazism and / or Communism ( never mind that it 's difficult to be both ) or Marxism or Socialism ;
Racist slurs against Obama ;
Accusations that VR is working with or for the White House or the Democrats ( which is somewhat amusing if you know anything about VR ) .
And , of course , many of them offer the cruelest cut of them all , they wish VR a " Merry Christmas " .
Ouch , that one hurts !
So here are just a few samples from some of those friendly emails from those good " conservatives " of Fox " News " willing to send out death threats , we 'll guess , in support of the millionaire corporate lobbyists and billionaire corporations of the U.S. Chamber who 've spent more money buying Congressmembers than anybody else in the country .
These , apparently , are the Fox " News " " conservatives " --- Glenn Beck and Bill O'Reilly 's " patriots " and Sean Hannity 's " great Americans " --- as almost all of them came in at the same time that Fox 's story on VR 's reward offer was posted on the front page of FoxNews.com .
Out of an abundance of generosity , we 're not posting the emailers names here ( each bullet - point quote below comes from a different note ) but the ones which include threats of violence have been given to the FBI [ PDF ] in D.C. , along with a request for an investigation to find out if the Chamber itself might be behind the hit campaign .
As many of these are not safe for work , we 'll post them below the fold ...
* * *
" Leave the US Chamber of Commerce alone .
This is the only warning you will receive . "
" You WILL be confronted and stopped ... I am quite probably a member of the fasting [ sic ] growing group that is your direct enemy ... "
" Your [ sic ] all on borrowed time .
The real revolution will come to those soon "
" You peices [ sic ] of sh*t should all be f*cking burned at the stake "
" I dont make threats .
Only promises .
You better back the hell off "
" interesting site but this will be no velvet revolution people .
Quite the contraire [ sic ] as you give the moniker a bad name .
...
Now , if you want a revolution which it sounds as though you do , it most certainly wont be velvet . "
" Be careful what you ask for ... "
" Keep this $ 200,000 ' tip ' business going for the CEO of the Chamber and you will find yourself as the target ....
You will only receive a limited number of warning --- this may be the only one --- before your punishment is delivered . "
" Bounty on your head .
Beware "
" All I can say is ' Go f*ck your Mother ' .... What a pathetic left wing org this is ...... run by ... wait for it ....... Mother f*ckers ....... "
" f*ck YOU COMMUNIST MOTHERFUCKERS !!!!!
GET READY .
CIVIL WAR II IS COMING , AND IT WILL BE THE RIGHT VS .
THE LEFT THIS TIME .
THE RIGHT WILL WIN .
f*ck YOU a** holes !!!!!!!!! "
" your low life president Barry Boy along with Reid and Pelosi should all be arrested and tried for treason . "
" Please let the world know who is behind this bounty offer so that they can be ' recognized ' for their decision . "
" I will inform friends and family of your thoughts and movements "
" Your group is a fascist front group .
Why do n't you and your band of traitors come to Texas and hold a big protest .
We will ' welcome ' you here . "
" Try yourselves for treason againsst [ sic ] the U.S. and then we can hang you for your crimes against this country . "
" Here is a tip --- eat sh*t you f*cking liberal p*ssy f*ggots .
if you n-word loving hippies ever succeed in anything to ruin this country , you will find me banging down your door to take it back .
i cannot believe how far this country has fallen when fucks like you are allowed to roam free - go back to your ghettos and hide behind the food stamp , hand out line with all your other crack whore mothers "
" If you have n't already figured this out , you work for a very corrupt organization that is sponsored by the anti-Christ -- even Satan himself . "
( Subject : " Ingorance ? " [ sic ] ) :
" What is wrong with you slimy idiots ?
Just because someone or some group has more brains that [ sic ] your half white , half black , half assed , 100 % bull sh*t leader you have to try and slander them ?
Must be part of the ACORN ( A Conglomeration Of Racial Nuts ( or whatever starts with N ) . "
" your boys numbers are plummeting ... your boy goes even more lame than he will be after he does n't get healthcare , and gets destroyed in 2012 . "
" I am joining the Chamber just because of asshats like y'all and that Big - Eared Boy from Chicago .
... A Proud Texan "
" bend over and spread em and I 'll give you more than the tip "
" I think he gave your mama a big tip up her ass , and the piece of sh*t that fell out was you !
" f*cking LOSERS ! "
" Douche Canoes !
YOU SUCK !
You liberal fucken [ sic ] asswipes . "
f*ck YOU DOUCHE BAGS
" 2 cents for the arrest and indictment of NAZI traitors who belong to this Leftard Fascist ANTI - AMERICAN bunch of pissant girlieboys .
How 's Hitler ... you should know .
You and your Islamic Nazi allies . "
" Where is your next get together in Miami , Fl ... I 'd like to go down to the rally and kick all your ass ' for being a bunch of piece of crap communist !!!
Let me know ...
You bunch of pigs "
" f*ck off and die you leftist pricks .
America is not a socialist country and never will be if I have to kick every one of your body odor smelling asses out of my country .
So again f*ck OFF !!!! "
" Any truth to the rumors that Obama likes men ?
Or , that he 's a closet Muslim ? "
" Send Velvet Revolution NAZIs to Gitmo they should endure a dose of the so - called ' torture ' they 're crying like the queer girlieboys that they really are .
...
The more torture of Islamohitlerite babykilling Fascist pigs , the better .
You should be with them . "
May the islamic terrorists if they strike the U.S. again , aim at the White House West Wing and residence , the Congressional Office Buildings and Democratic lobbyists on K st .
Maybe then we can get a government of the people .
And no , that 's not all of them .
Just a sampling from the good " conservatives " in America who watch Fox " News " and read their website " religiously " .
If you 'd like to " push back " against the thuggery , you can sign on in support of VR's " Stop The Chamber " campaign here .
While The West was flooded and The North frozen in November and December I remained sheltered in Galway City .
My first bit of snow exposure this winter in at least 5 years came when I got stuck on the bus between Sligo and Eniskillen on the way home for Christmas ….
fortunately we were rescued and made it home in time for Turkeyfest ’09 .
These were all taken just outside Ballgawley , Tyrone
You knew Ken Block was going to close out 2009 with something special , and something special has cometh .
The DC Shoes marketing squad has unleashed four new videos to dazzle , delight and disrupt your brain cycles .
Both the Gymkhana 2 Director ’s Cut and Block vs Pastrana : Game of Suck Highlights are entertaining rehashes of content we ’ve seen before , but they are just as exciting as the first go - round .
While the 2008 Season Highlights video is pretty captivating , we would have liked to have seen some more recent footage , except Ken Block did n’t compete too much in 2009 .
But the real coup d’état here is the psychedelic , tripped out ride he takes us on in the Artist Remix of Gymkhana Two .
No spoilers here , but if you want to throw on the Grateful Dead and pop a tab before you hit play you wo n’t be disappointed .
There are quite a few product placements intimately woven into the 6:40 clip , along with some second rate movie special effects and enough randomness to have you scratching your head a few times , but somehow it just works .
Check out all four videos out after the jump :
Source : DC Shoes
13 . November 2009 • Matt Hampel
Email this article
In 2005 , the Supreme Court decided 5 - 4 that New London , Connecticut , could condemn and acquire 26 acres of a neighborhood to build hotels , and condos , near a Pfizer research center .
The city spent nearly $ 80 million preparing the land .
On Thursday , Pfizer announced that 1,400 jobs would leave the city and no new development would occur .
They will vacate a 750,000 square foot complex built in 2001 .
Their credits for 80 % of the taxable value are set to expire in 2010 or 2011 .
Michigan passed Proposition 4 in 2006 :
LISP ist eine der ältesten , universellsten und ausgereiftesten Programmiersprachen und gilt auch 50 Jahre nach ihrer Erfindung immer noch als die Sprache , bei sich andere Sprachen alles abschauen müssen .
Trotzdem fristet LISP aus anderen Gründen ein Mauerblümchen - Dasein , das teilweise gerechtfertigt teilweise unverständlich erscheint .
Im Gespräch mit Tim Pritlove erläutert Hans Hübner die Eigenschaften , Vorzüge und Einschränkungen von LISP .
Dabei werden viele Teilaspekte ausführlich dargestellt , darunter die Syntax , der Umgang mit Listen , Anonyme Funktionen , Namensräume , Lisp - Dialekte , das Common List Object System , Multiple Dispatch und Metaobjektprotokolle .
Dazu wird viel zur Entstehung und Vergangenheit von Lisp , den Lisp Machines , verfügbaren LISP - Implementierungen , Open Source LISP - Compilern und geeigneter Literatur berichtet .
Time for an announcement ! 🙂
After almost seven months of work , I ’m nearly ready to release VVVVVV .
Over the last few days I decided on a date :
VVVVVV will be available on Sunday the 10th of January , 2010 .
That should give me enough time to get everything ready – make a demo , make a website and set everything up , all that stuff .
I already have lots of plans for the games I wanna make next year if this works out ! 🙂
So , here ’s the plan :
– The game will be sold through its website thelettervsixtim.es for $ 15 .
– I ’ll continue taking preorders for $ 10 for another few days through paypal , up until a week before the release ( the 3rd of January ) .
( edit : no longer available !
3rd Jan ) –
It ’ll be available as a downloadable game for Windows , Mac and Linux .
– I ’m not using serial codes , online activation , or any other DRM .
–
There will be a demo !
– I ’ll probably be updating the site quite a bit over the next fortnight or so .
Be sure to check back !
Gerald Celente Says Bernanke Has Devalued the Dollar and Destroyed the Economy
Gerald Celente of the Trends Research Institute is strongly opposed to the idea of Ben Bernanke seeking and getting a second term as head of the Federal Reserve .
Celente strongly argues that Bernanke is creating the “ bailout bubble ” and destroying the U.S. economy .
But he says the Fed Chief will get to keep his job because he ’s an “ insiders . ”
According to Celente , the fact ?
that Bernanke is being put back in charge after royally screwing things up is more proof to his argument .
He also argues that whether the Fed chairman is too powerful or not , Americans remain quite skeptical and continue to be very critical about the Fed ’s ability to keep things under control .
Watch how the “ Bernanke second chance ” question sets Celente off .
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Monday Original Content : A Round Table on Australian SF with Gillian Polack , Simon Brown , Yaritji Green and Tessa Kum .
By Kaaron Warren
Australians have a long history of Science Fiction and Fantasy literature .
May Gibbs ’ wrote Snugglepot and Cuddlepie in 1918 .
These famous gumnut babies and their mortal enemies the Banksia men are part of our cultural heritage , as are the dreamtime stories of indigenous Australians , the ghost stories from China , Vietnam and Japan and the cultural ‘ baggage ’ all of us bring to the country .
The writer and editor Gillian Polack wanted to look at this through an Australian speculative fiction prism , so gathered short stories from Australian writers in an anthology Baggage , out soon from Eneit Press .
As Gillian Polack says in her introduction to the book : “ None of us travel lightly , although the stories we use to explain our lives help us think we do , sometimes .
We all have cultural baggage and emotional burdens .
We bring with us lack of understanding , death , sorrow , homesickness , loneliness , feeling alien .
Underneath this bleak surface , there ’s a great deal that ’s heart - warming .
Birth , discovery , love and learning . ”
I asked Gillian and three of the contributing authors appearing in Baggage to talk about how their cultural backgrounds affected their work .
Question 1 : How does your cultural background affect your writing ?
How does the culture you ’re living in now affect your work ?
Gillian : My cultural background affects everything .
I ’m a minority of a minority ( Australian Jewish since the mid 19th century on my father ’s side and since early 20th century on my mother ’s – most Australian Jews come from more recent stock and are less English in culture ) , which means I ’m always aware of how I differ from everyone else .
I joke about not having a Fiddler on the Roof background at all , but it ’s more complicated than that .
And , of course , my training means that I analyse how these things happen and what they mean almost incessantly .
This means that I write using the same ingredients as most other Australian writers , but using a slightly different palette .
The big difference is that , for me phrases like ‘ white bread ’ and ‘ ethnic ’ and even “ WASP/C ” are not useful signposts .
Everyone has ethnicity in every place I write about , whether it ’s a Canberra streetscape or on a distant planet in a far future .
There ’s no off - switch for cultural background in my worlds .
No -one is neutral .
I have to design pasts and family histories for every single character : I have to know how they eat at table and what sort of stride they take down the street .
It ’s only recently , in fact , that I discovered that many writers have off - switches for ethnicity .
Natural default positions into which most of their characters fall .
That the only characters who have clear cultural development are the disadvantaged ones or the special ones .
I find this very sad .
I ca n’t imagine a world where most people are assumed to have a monotone simple heritage .
For me , half the fun of writing comes in nuancing backgrounds and knowing where all my people come from and then letting them loose .
Simon : I think 90 % of any affect is subconscious and subsequently hard to gauge , but the way I think , organise , analyse and use information , the way I view and categorise the world , is ruled by a huge set of cultural assumptions .
As well , being part of what was until recently the dominant ( and often dominating ) English - speaking and Western - oriented world , meant I was surrounded by false horizons , and anything beyond was faint at best and invisible at worst .
Living in Thailand means I now see the world from a different perspective , although it too has its own assumptions which influence the way I interact with people – not only those I meet in real life , but those I meet in the fiction I read and the fiction I write .
Accepted history , any culture ’s biggest assumption , is now so flexible that trying to understand it is like trying to grasp a cut snake .
For me , another quandary is whether or not my growing awareness of my cultural bias produces any significant difference in that bias , or willingness to change it .
I ’m not suggesting I have to change it – cultural bias is not in itself a negative or positive thing – but now I live with a great deal less certainty about the world and my place in it .
Tessa : I am half - Chinese , half - White Australian , and it took me a long time to realise that was n’t a normal or occasionally even an accepted thing .
I grew up in a neighbourhood that was middle - class and white .
Being surrounded by it , going to school with it , on the inside I ’m also middle - class and white , albeit with cool and funky Chinese traits lurking about subversively .
But it takes most people a while to see that while I look Otherish ( from both Chinese and White Australian perspectives ) , and I have a fair whack of Otherish to me , I ’m mostly Majority .
It ’s that schism between how I view myself and how others view me from which my sense of my cultural position stems .
A trend I noticed in my writing was a fair proportion of my protagonists were outcasts and loners .
I thought that was simply me being unconsciously lazy until I attempted to conceive of a character that came from a cultural background comprised wholly of the majority .
I ’ve yet to successfully pin down such a character .
There are assumptions that do n’t even leave the unconscious which I cannot even conceive of .
I think it is easier to imagine what it is to be outcast , than what it is to belong .
In addition to my own mixed background , Australia is something of a melting pot for hundreds of cultures from around the world , and I take this variety for granted .
This manifests in my writing in an almost lazy manner as well , to the point where I do n’t think about reaching out an inserting a different flavoured detail or name to contrast all the details and names that have come before it , entire civilisations I will not flesh out as for the purpose of the story they are not required to be .
They exist purely to provide the texture of a wider and eternally surprising world .
I suppose my personal cultural baggage has taught me that we are judgmental creatures , and the best of us understand that judgments can and regularly do need revising .
There will always be something you cannot understand , and therefore always more to learn .
Which is a fine thing .
Yaritji : I am Yankunytjatjara , Djaru , Irish , and Australian .
I live within the grey zone of two cultures – Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australia .
I have written this doorstopper of a fantasy based on dreaming entities from the Yankunytjatjara side of the family .
I wrote the bulk of it while studying a Bachelor of Creative Arts ( Creative Writing ) at Flinders University .
The degree I did allowed me to choose the topics I wrote my assignments on , and through my studies I came across this thing called copyright : a strange and wonderful thing which is good for the western world but does not fully protect the creative and intellectual rights of Indigenous Australians .
We are the world ’s oldest surviving culture yet we often find ourselves on the back foot playing catch up to legislation and policies that often were not explained ( if explained at all ) until too late and that does not address or cover Indigenous copyright or ownership principles .
So back to this copyright thing .
Indigenous copyright is conceived as a heritage that is passed down ; you learn the stories of the land and its inhabitants so that you can pass it down to the next generation .
Our stories also have borders ; we can own a story up to a certain landmark and then the neighbouring community owns the story from that landmark onwards .
Some stories or characters can be shared between nations .
However with the westernised concept of copyright , ownership generally goes to one person / corporation .
Then once the copyright holder dies copyright remains in place for 50 years then it becomes public domain : then anyone can use it .
So back to my doorstopper , it is sitting there , waiting .
It sits there wondering if it might ever get out into the world .
Sure , I could make some quick money by getting it published .
Use the ‘ exotic other ’ of my Indigenous culture , my ‘ exotic other ’
Indigenous name , my western knowledge and my western networks to get this story out there and milk it for all its worth .
But at what cost ?
I ’m not prepared to sell out my community ’s heritage .
With Australian copyright laws the way they are , the cost is too great ; it takes too much from my people .
As far as how the culture I ’m living in now affects my work , I am careful about what I write .
I speak to my Elders .
I share what I am going to write about .
I had this idea , I thought was wonderful , so I shared the basics with family and other Indigenous writers but after a discussion it turned out that some parts of my idea would conflict with culture .
So I thought , okay , I ca n’t do that but I can still do this , this and this , and my story will still have strength without selling out .
Everything is about respect .
Respect for culture .
Respect for others .
Respect for myself .
If I ca n’t respect my culture then I have no respect for myself .
It may be a different story if I wrote outside of Speculative Fiction .
I would n’t have to be so careful – well other than , you know , avoiding being libellous .
I want to write the stories I want to read , stories my community might want to read .
Question 2 . Tess ’s comment about the broad cultural mix in Australia is a good one .
Do you think this gives Australian writers a broader range of characters to work with ?
Gillian :
It ’s the same number of characters , but potentially wider and more interesting choices for those characters .
The trick is in that word ‘ potentially ’ .
We all spend large chunks of our lives within our own heads .
Everything is coloured by our own vision and our own background .
Whether or not we can use people quite unlike ourselves culturally with anything like authenticity depends on how far we can reach outside ourselves .
Simon ’s point was telling in this respect : he possibly did n’t know just how far he could reach until he did so .
Brian Wainwright ( who writes terrific historical fiction , always with women as the main character ) has said more than once that it ’s just another aspect of the challenge of writing a novel to write a strong character of the opposite sex .
The same goes for other cultures .
I really have to add that I ’m as guilty as the next person in limiting characters to my comfort zone .
I ’ll write weak women and whingeing women but I ’m uncomfortable writing stupid women .
I ’m also not comfortable with writing different dialects .
These limits we carry round with us restrict our capacity to make more interesting choices about our characters ’ lives .
The bottom line is that it ’s not how amazingly culturally varied Australia is , but how we as individual writers understand cultures and deal with them .
Simon : No .
I think anyone who ’s read widely will have no problem creating believable characters from different backgrounds .
Yaritji : A writer can write any character of any heritage into their work .
But can they make a character of a different heritage to their own , ‘ real ’ ?
Can the writer understand why a particular culture acts the way they do ?
Can they see history from a different perspective ?
I think if a writer can see to the truth of a character , and avoid one dimensional stereotypes , they could write from any heritage .
However in today ’s environment , minority cultures have experienced past literary portrayals which did not even begin to describe the essence of their culture .
It is no wonder that today these minority cultures want a greater control of who is writing about them , and how this is done .
Question 3 . I ’m interested in Simon ’s comment about history and how it changes depending on where you live .
Do you have to actively think about changing the way your characters view history in order to separate them from yourself ?
Gillian : Unless
I ’m going to write a character who is a professional historian of exactly the same kind as me , none of my characters are going to view history the way I do .
Also , it ’s easier to keep my history - brain out of my fiction than to translate the burden of it into something shaped like a regular narrative .
Having given those caveats , I suspect that I always take on board how my characters think of the past and of history .
I do n’t even do it at a conscious level , mostly .
When someone asks me , though , I know .
Simon : I ’m not sure this question is separate from the more general one of how different characters are from the author who creates and describes them .
One of the most frustrating problems I have with some criticism is the way a few critics / readers think a character ’s background / prejudice / opinion in some way reflects the author ’s background / prejudice / opinion .
The reason most of us write fiction , I think , is to imagine ‘ the other ’ , for lack of a better and more precise term : other people , other landscapes , other times , other cultures , etc , some of which have never existed except in the writer ’s mind .
Yaritji :
In any story the main character has to overcome a problem of some sort – if they do n’t well it is going to be one boring story that only a mother can love .
History should be important to any writer .
The past can help us to understand how we got to where we are now .
For example , look at Australian History – originally we were the dumping ground for the ‘ UK crims ’ and then we got the others who came over to make a better life for themselves and their families .
This history was what I was taught in primary school .
However this was one side of history , the side of history I found myself standing in was completely different .
My people , Indigenous Australians , were here first , we had our culture , our laws , our way of life .
We were forced to conform to another way of life through dispossession , massacres , rapes , ‘ Stolen Generation ’ and so forth .
Quite an ugly side of history that the wider Australian community would like to keep in the past , let alone be told that due to the treatment of Indigenous Australians throughout history , the non-Indigenous Australians have given themselves the privileged position within a country that was not theirs to begin with .
Everyone in the Australian community is shaped by their collective history .
Okay , so how do I separate myself from my characters , with respect to history ?
I do n’t .
For years I ’ve learned to live within two cultures , two very different perspectives of history .
I draw from the two sides of history I ’ve learned : one from the Australian education system , the other from the Indigenous community .
You ca n’t have just one side .
You have both .
You need the good and the bad of both sides .
Because really , no matter what side of history you stand on , human desires are very similar – we want to be loved and love in return , we want to provide for ourselves and our families ( food , clothing , a home , access to education / information / resources ) .
The question is do we obtain what we need or take what we want ?
All history does is show us what happened yesterday , and what we do today defines tomorrow ’s history .
This is the same for the characters we write .
Question 4 . Gillian talks about the ‘ fall - back cultural position ’ .
How can we avoid this in our fiction ?
Gillian : I do n’t think we can avoid it .
Novels are based on us sharing some of these with others .
However , we can control our use a bit more and reduce some of the negatives .
We can learn about our own background and find out what our assumptions are .
We can watch for recurring patterns in our own fiction and in others ’ .
Simon :
To start with , you do n’t have to avoid it .
It ’s just important you ’re aware of it , so you can avoid it if you want to .
Yaritji :
Is n’t the ‘ fall - back cultural position ’ something people do no matter where they come from or what their heritage is ?
People write from what they know and understand from their own perceptions on life and the people around them .
I do n’t think I use a ‘ fall - back cultural position ’ with my fiction , unless I ’m asked to use some of my heritage .
Question 5 : The rules and boundaries are so clear for Indigenous writers writing about their own culture .
Are there any rules of usage you follow in your writing ?
Gillian :
There are some areas where I tread very carefully .
The Shoah is one of them .
Simon :
For my part there are no rules or boundaries in writing .
I do n’t mean I ’ll willingly offend anyone , but if it serves the story then I ’ll take from whatever culture I want .
The world ’s stories are my stories .
Ultimately , leaving aside the question of transgressing someone ’s cultural borders ( because there is no answer to it ) , a writer has to serve the story first and last .
Gillian Polack is a writer and historian .
Her latest novel , Life Through Cellophane , was recently released by Eneit Press .
She is the editor of Baggage .
Her main webhaunts are her website ( http://www.gillianpolack.com) and her blog ( http://gillpolack.livejournal.com)
Simon Brown has been writing for nearly 40 years .
He lives in Thailand with his wife and two children .
Tessa Kum is a graduate of the Clarion South Writers Workshop , editorial assistant for Weird Tales , and assistant editor for the Best American Fantasy series .
Yaritji Green :
My mother is Yankunytjatjara and my father is Jaru .
Now you know who I am and where I come from ( you never know we could be related ) .
I am a librarian at a university library and two days a week I work for the Black Words research community , in AustLit – The Australian Literature Resource ( http://www.austlit.edu.au).
Black Words indexes the works and biographies of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander writers and storytellers .
Kaaron Warren ’s first novel Slights was published by Angry Robot Books in 2009 .
She has a story in Baggage about a man named after a lost village , and a story in the Apex Book of World SF about censorship and propaganda .
Fernando Ramos is Editor - in - Chief of Anime3000.com .
Hailing from beautiful San Diego , California , his incurable addiction to cartoons has led him to his current residence of Saitama , Japan , where staying up late winter nights editing articles only reminds him that SD would never get this cold .
An avid photography and video fan , he also produces occasional videos and he also writes the photography / rant column Japan Jumble for the site .
Find him as Saitamarama on Flickr and HelloNavi on Twitter .
Anticipation for Assault Girls has been mixed , to say the least .
While it has Mamoru Oshii on the marquee line and implications of being a follow - up to 2001 ’s brain - teaser Avalon , most fans ( like myself ) were skeptical about just how utterly mainstream everything looked .
Dune “ inspired ” sandworms and gals with fetish - tastic outfits packing heavy firepower to blow them up are fun and all , but it just lacks the depth and psychology by way of sociopolitics that drenches Oshii ’s work and makes it stand out from the glut of countless Japanese - girls - with - guns pieces .
It did n’t help matters that the previous two shorts that form the basis of Assault Girls were little more than flashy ( and hilarious ) action set - pieces with , you guessed it , hot girls .
However , the aforementioned shorts were virtually devoid of any context .
We barely knew who our characters were or what they were after besides one last bite of KFC .
It was boom - boom - bang - bang night after day and roll credits .
This left Oshii open to take the characters in virtually any direction he so wished ; and boy did he ever .
Simply put , he shoehorns all the chaos of the shorts into the timeline of his previous live - action film , Avalon .
A lengthy voice - over prologue explains ( in many big words ) to us in no uncertain terms what that goulash was all about : capitalism had reached it ’s brink due to our technological advances and society has been pushed to its logical limit .
Now we are in the age of Pax Technologica : in short , a world - wide Neo-Communism .
Having settled fanboy arguments over just what parts of Avalon actually did happen , we find that the Avalon game has also gotten itself some upgrades since the days of Polish MMORPGers , now seeming to run on Windows Vista instead of Commie - DOS .
Also of note is that , where Avalon was constantly jumping between and blurring the line between the real world and the online one , here we are firmly in the virtual .
Outside of a few select throwaway lines and a single scene lasting less than a minute , there is little suggestion of there being a world outside the game .
When Avalon was first released in 2001 , World of Warcraft was in its infancy , Google was just a search engine and Wikipedia had just begun to be noticed .
Humanity was still able to exist disconnected .
Things have changed .
“ We are wired and there ’s no getting out now , ” is what Oshii seems to be saying .
Furthermore , instead of the overexposed yellow slosh over everything in the previous film , Assault Girls opts to merely mute all but the loudest colors if to acknowledge that that the binary may well be just as just tangible as the physical .
Similarly , the tone of the film is much more colorful than the somber Avalon , at times having more in common with Takashi Miike or Quentin Tarantino than with the man who brought us Ghost in the Shell .
Characters are introduced with campy still - frame title cards and the furious fun of the action screams for a wild saxophone score instead of the Kenji Kawai mood - synth that does .
As icing on the cake , the film is separated into pretentiously titled chapters , Kill Bill - style .
In fact , despite writing the script himself in lieu of his frequent collaborator Kazunori Ito , this is probably Oshii ’s least “ Oshii ” work since Beautiful Dreamer .
Basset hounds are nowhere in sight ( we do get dogs , but more on that later ) , the fisheye lenses are put in storage and , prologue notwithstanding , the movie is , much like the trailer promised , mostly concerned with hot chicks blowing shit up real good , visually if not thematically .
The three leads jump , run and gun with beauty and grace .
While Meisa Kuroki makes for a foxy heroine in her skin - tight rear - accentuating battle gear , it is Babel beauty Rinko Kikuchi as the cute mute mage Lucifer who steals the show for this reviewer .
She gets no dialogue beyond a few dubbed - over crow calls ( do n’t ask ) , her Harajuku - influenced attire and playful ethereal dancing had my and my equally silent fellow theatre - goers ’ full attention .
Yet beyond the absurdity lies a subversive shadow .
Oshii has never been beyond playing with the audience .
This is the man who threw Hitler and Christ into Urusei Yatsura for crying out loud .
The most noticeable of these subversions lies with the fact that we have an all - Japanese cast speaking English .
It is well - written modern English peppered with slang , but the performances are stilted and frequently garbled by a Sky Crawlers - esque static filter .
However , unlike that film , it is not a mere atmospheric flourish .
Here , it is made apparent that this is a rule imposed by the game : only English is permitted with “ local languages ” being verboten .
It does n’t take a political science major to see the subtext of political subjugation via linguistics .
Sealing the deal is the abundance of Japanese symbology in the landscape of Avalon ( f ) : a statue of Ninomiya Sontoku ( a fixture at Japanese schools but historically noteworthy for his economic and humanistic philosophies ) and , instead of the infamous basset hound , a shiba inu , one of the domestic breeds of Japan , sniffing around at it .
Also , randomly , a character takes out an antagonist in a direct visual quote of General Nguyen Ngoc Loan Executing a Viet Cong Prisoner in Saigon .
It ’s not subtle symbolism or commentary , but it stands out in the parade of explosions and live - action fanservice .
It ’s Oshii throwing yet another middle finger to the Establishment , much like the undertones of cultural warfare in the Patlabor movies .
This is all well and good , but the film does have infuriating aspects that keep it from being an instant classic .
Like Oshii ’s earlier live - action work in the Keroberos Panzer Corps universe , it feels more like a salad bowl of ideas than an actual good movie in its own right .
The lack of actors and no major sets adds to the feeling that this was just a side project Oshii wanted to bang out in a few months than his next opus .
Perhaps the most infuriating thing is the absence of an ending .
This is not an exaggeration .
We tune into this world for 80 - some minutes and then , just when things are looking to really get heated up , we ’re thrown into the credits .
As the ending theme by otaku favorite KOTOKO starts cranking up and the audience around me starts getting cranky , we are reminded of a possible rationale :
“ GENEON UNIVERSAL PRESENTS : A FILM BY MAMORU OSHII ”
Figures .
Press Release People who frequently take ketamine suffer from short - term memory problems , according to a study by UCL researchers .
However , the study also found that infrequent and ex-users did not show such memory impairments , suggesting that memory deficits may be repaired when people quit taking the drug .
The authors urge health campaigners to ensure that the growing number of ketamine users are made aware of these potentially negative effects on their health .
Ketamine ( K or Special K ) , the N - methyl D-aspartate ( NMDA ) receptor antagonist , is known to induce psychosis - like effects , but little is known about the long - term effects of the drug .
In a paper published online in the journal Addiction , UCL researchers Dr Celia Morgan and Professor Valerie Curran report the first longitudinal study of ketamine users , funded by the Economic and Social Research Council ( ESRC ) .
A cohort of 150 people was followed for a year to see if changes in their ketamine use could predict changes in their psychological well - being , memory and concentration .
Of these 150 people , 30 were taking large quantities of the drug nearly every day , 30 were taking it recreationally ( once or twice a month ) , 30 were ex-users , 30 used illicit drugs apart from ketamine and 30 did not use any illicit drugs .
The authors ran cognitive tests at the start of the study and again twelve months later on the volunteers , 80 per cent of whom completed the study .
The authors found that the heavy ketamine users were impaired on several measures .
Short - term memory in this group worsened over the year as ketamine use increased .
These individuals also had poorer verbal memory .
Interestingly , the recreational ketamine users and ex-ketamine users did not differ from non -drug controls , suggesting that occasional ketamine use does not lead to long - term harm to cognitive function and that any deficits may be reversed when people quit using the drug .
However , all groups of ketamine users showed evidence of unusual beliefs or mild ' delusions ' , with these being greatest in the frequent users and least in ex-users .
It is not clear whether this is a pre-existing difference in ketamine users or something that develops with taking the drug .
Hair analysis showed that ketamine levels in the recreational users had doubled at follow - up compared to initial testing .
This is a pattern seen with other addictive drugs .
Ketamine levels in the frequent using group did not change across the year , but this group had been using up to ten grams a day .
Dr Celia Morgan , UCL Clinical , Educational and Health Psychology , says : " Ketamine use is increasing faster than any other drug in the UK , particularly among young people , and has now become a mainstream club drug .
However , many young people who use this drug may be largely unaware of its damaging properties and its potential for addiction .
We need to ensure that users are informed of the potentially negative consequences of heavy ketamine use .
Clinicians should also be aware of the adverse consequences of heavy use of ketamine , the symptoms of which may overlap with some forms of psychiatric disorders . "
" Although our study found that occasional ketamine use does not seem to pose a long - term threat to memory , all of the ketamine users we studied showed some form of unusual beliefs , such as believing in telepathy or conspiracy theories .
Frequent users were found to have problems with several aspects of their memory .
Interestingly , healthy volunteers who had taken a single dose of ketamine did not have the same memory impairments , which suggests this may be a long - term effect .
That ketamine should have such profound effects on memory is perhaps unsurprising , given the role of the NMDA receptor in human memory encoding and consolidation . "
Contact : Jenny Gimpel
UCL context
The authors are hosting a public event , K - Day , at UCL on Thursday 19 November 2009 to inform users and professionals about the risks associated with ketamine .
The event is funded by a UCL Beacon Bursary .
Helen Thomas , the longest - serving White House correspondent in the Washington press corps , has a few choice words for President Barack Obama in his battle against Fox News : “ Stay out of these fights . ”
Speaking on MSNBC ’s Morning Joe , the Hearst Newspapers columnist , who as White House correspondent has covered every president since John F. Kennedy , told Obama : “ They can only take you down .
You ca n’t kill the messenger . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Thomas was speaking after yet another round of Sunday talk shows in which senior White House staffers blasted Fox News for its coverage of their administration .
That follows a month of what amounts to a White House boycott of Fox News , ever since the Fox network failed to run the president ’s address on health care to a joint session of Congress in September .
Host Joe Scarborough played clips of senior presidential adviser David Axelrod declaring that Fox “ is not really news , ” while White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel told the media Fox News is “ not a news organization so much as it has a perspective . ”
Donny Deutsch , a former advertising executive and MSNBC host , told Scarborough that the White House should n’t even mention Fox by name .
Not mentioning your opponent ’s name is “ marketing 101 , ” he said .
“ They are elevating Fox , ” Deutsch said .
“ Think about this .
It ’s the president of the United States , the commander of the free world , versus a television network with a couple million viewers . ”
Scarborough , himself a former US House representative , pointed out that Fox ’s ratings have been “ through the roof ” since the White House began attacking it by name .
“ What did the Bush White House do when they were compared to Nazis and fascists ?
The Bush White House did nothing , they did n’t elevate it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But Morning Joe co-host Mika Brzezinski disagreed with that line of argument , saying the White House ’s portrayal of Fox News as the official voice of the opposition “ may be strategically smart . ”
“ I think that perhaps it might be easier for them and strategically better down the road if the White House takes on these illegitimate Republican props , as opposed to someone who has real ideas who can take on White House policies , ” she said .
For his part , Scarborough said he believed the White House spat with Fox was simply the administration playing to its base .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ They attack Rush Limbaugh , they attack Glenn Beck , they attack all of these other people because they know their hard core base is going to love it , their hard core base is going to salivate .
And they know they ’re not going to give them what they want when it comes to policy .
They ’re not going to be able to shut down Gitmo the way they promised , they ’re not going to be able to get out of Iraq the way they promised .
So what they ’re doing is playing to their hard core base . ”
Both Scarborough and Deutsch pointed out that , in fact , the Bush White House also had a policy of avoiding unfriendly media outlets — such as MSNBC .
ADVERTISEMENT
And “ John McCain ’s campaign did the same thing , ” Scarborough said .
“ They went to the network chiefs and said , ‘ We ’re not coming ’ . ”
And in a very telling aside , Deutsch noted : “ I do n’t think the American public understands the behind - the - scenes that goes on between Washington and the media .
If they did , I think that ’s the way to kill their credibility . ”
This video is from MSNBC ’s Morning Joe , broadcast Oct. 19 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
From Goldman :
Backdrop
Many investors have asked about HSBC / STAN exposure to Dubai World ( a leading government - linked property developer / holding company ) and its affiliates , amidst Nov 26 press reports of Dubai World ’s request for a creditor standstill agreement on its c.US $ 59bn debts ( source : Bloomberg ) .
Both HSBC and STAN have declined to comment on individual firm exposures .
A “ journalistic one - man band ” was how Harrison E. Salisbury , a giant of New York Times history , was described by his colleague Turner Catledge .
“ He can report , he can write , he can edit , he can see story ideas , he can direct others . ”
And — though Mr. Catledge did n’t say so — he could sure take good pictures .
Who knew ?
Mr. Salisbury ’s evocative and smartly composed photos , taken in and around Kabul in 1961 , were among the surprising images that greeted Darcy Eveleigh , a Times photo editor , as she peered into old file cabinets in the photo archive to find illustrations for Elisabeth Bumiller ’s article on Afghanistan before 1978 in the Week in Review .
“ When I opened up the folders , I was floored , ” she said .
In contact sheet after contact sheet , print after print , Afghanistan ’s golden era of stability had been recorded for The Times by staff members better known for their bylines as correspondents : A. M. Rosenthal , Ralph Blumenthal and William Borders among them .
Myths begin pretty easily in a business where no memory lasts much longer than 24 hours .
One myth in current circulation is that journalists are only now — For The Very First Time — becoming multimedia chroniclers , adept not only at telling but showing .
In fact , foreign correspondents have been taking their own pictures for decades .
“ We all carried cameras , because wherever you were was interesting and you never knew when a good picture would come up , ” recalled Mr. Blumenthal , 67 , who is still reporting ( and taking pictures ) for The Times .
He was always interested in photography .
He ’d graduated from the High School of Music and Art in Manhattan and was an art major at City College before switching to English .
His tool of choice was a Nikomat single - lens reflex 35 - millimeter camera .
Mr. Borders , now 70 , knew a little trade secret .
“ The story gets better display if it has pictures and I ’d often be in places where there were no other pictures , ” he said .
“ It was just to dress up a story .
I always viewed myself as a reporter , not a photographer . ”
He said that the photos did n’t help with his reporting , since he would n’t see them unless and until they were published .
The most common way of transmitting photographs overseas was to send the canister of exposed film back to New York for developing and printing .
Mr. Blumenthal said he would always be on the lookout for anyone who was amenable to carrying the film back to the United States in person .
Otherwise , he said , “ You basically used carrier pigeons to get things out . ”
For Mr. Borders , who was stationed in India , travels to Afghanistan were a somewhat routine event in the late 1970s — not that a trip to a place where people play an organized sport with animal carcasses can really be called routine .
“ I do n’t know why I felt so free to take pictures in a place like Kabul , which is so Islamic , ” Mr. Borders said .
“ But I did .
It was an independent , swaggering place .
The Afghans never took any guff from anybody . ”
( He substituted the word “ guff ” at our request so that we could quote him . )
“ Nobody has ever subdued it , ” Mr. Borders said .
“ Even now . ”
Among his most telling pictures is one of women in Western - style dress in Kabul , accompanying an article published Dec. 4 , 1977 , under the headline , “ Afghan Women Begin to Break Free From Subservience . ” ( Slide 14 . )
Such a scene contrasted with the more customary experience of encountering women hidden within their chadors .
“ It is possible to walk for an hour through crowded streets in the old part of this mountain capital without seeing a single female face , ” Mr. Borders wrote .
For Mr. Blumenthal , who was stationed in Vietnam from 1969 to 1971 , Afghanistan was a welcome respite — almost the polar opposite of conditions today .
“ It was one of the most picturesque places I ’d ever been to on the planet , ” he said .
“ It was like stepping back to the days of Richard Burton . ”
( Not that Richard Burton ; this Richard Burton . )
He remembered workmen tooling beautiful knives by hand on street corners .
“ That ’s the culture there , ” he said .
“ They were armorers .
These people — as we now know to our dismay — make wonderful weapons .
And they know how to use them . ”
One of Mr. Blumenthal ’s most memorable pictures was taken in December 1970 on the floor of a sheepskin coat factory .
( Slide 8 . )
In it , a young man gazes piercingly at the camera , momentarily suspending the fourth wall between a Kabul workshop and a reader almost 7,000 miles away .
We sent a couple of Mr. Blumenthal ’s pictures to him as JPEG files to see if he might recall the circumstances .
“ I ca n’t say they stir a flood of recollections 39 years later , ” he replied , “ but I take an immodest pleasure in viewing the factory shot . ”
Perhaps he could n’t recall them because he ’d never seen them before .
His article , “ An Afghan Success : Coats , ” ran Jan. 18 , 1971 , on page 58 .
Without photographs .
We might never have full control of everything that is happening on our lives .
Yet , we can control the way we react on it and we can still do things that are beyond our control .
One of the things that could affect our lives is when there are changes when it comes to the last will and testament that we have before .
Perhaps , we might be thinking like “ how do I revoke a will ? , and we have so many questions in our minds that are waiting for answers .
It may not be easy because we need to have the right information for the situation and we have to consider a lot of factors before we make any changes with a legal document .
The task might seem daunting but we can be assured that there is sure hope for the things that we do not fully understand at first .
We have an assurance that no matter how difficult a situation we are in , we have the right to revoke the will we have written before no matter what time we would like and for whatever reason we may have .
The circumstances we have in life may not always stay the same so when there are major changes then we are responsible for making any unnecessary changes .
It would be either making a new will to revoke an old one or just create a codicil to make any corrections or add some information with the legal document we have filed before .
It is important that no matter what may happen we know how we can do so .
Meet with your Attorney
To make the revocation effective , it is important that we know the legalities that come with it .
Simple or not , we need to consult with a lawyer so that we know what we must do and we do not have any that would make us break rules or the law .
To make things less complicated , we need to talk things out with our lawyer .
Our lawyer would be able to help us how we can manage our assets better and to whom we would leave them to .
They can help us decide when we need a trust or not .
By doing that , we can be sure that we would not miss anything and we would be confident that our assets are in good hands .
Clearly Name New Beneficiaries and Executor
Because there will be major changes with your will , it is important that you would state clearly the new individuals involved in the legal process .
We have to make sure that we are not restricted by any means so that we can freely choose the people that we would leave our assets to .
However , when the changes is only to change the person for beneficiaries , we can just write or file a codicil .
This goes the same with a new or old executor .
Clearly State Your Changes
Most important of all is that you make all the people concerned be informed that you will have a new will .
Make sure that they knew that the former will you have filed is no longer effective and they must respect that .
To make it less complicated , be sure that you make everything clear so there would be no confusion .
Ask help from the right persons .
Click Here : Stories About Wills
This guest post was written by Diggy , author of Upgrade Reality .
No two people are identical , not even identical twins .
Everyone is a one - of - a- kind .
And do you know what a one - of - a - kind is worth ?
Priceless !
Yes , this means YOU are priceless .
From the day we are born and open our eyes , we start to grow into the person we will ultimately become as a result of the environment we are exposed to and the experiences we endure .
And although our parents and mentors have a large impact on our upbringing , we rarely walk the exact path they had in mind for us .
There is only one success :
To be able to spend your life in your own way .
– Christopher Morely
Do n’t Be Someone Else ’s Puppet
Contrary to the way many people behave , we do not have to do what other people tell us to do all of the time .
We are constantly under siege from family , friends , strangers and the media to act , behave and live in certain ways .
But despite all of these external influences , we have the ultimate choice to make our own decisions .
Be True To Yourself
“ Be true to yourself or you are n’t true to anyone . ”
This is a powerful quote my mother told me a long time ago .
And whenever I make a decision I try to stick to it .
It is one thing to lie to other people , but it is much worse to lie to yourself .
Many people get into the habit of ignoring their true desires and instead they just do what they believe is expected of them by others .
I promise you , this path will only lead to failure on all fronts .
Find and Follow Your Own Values
If you want to please somebody , be honest .
Do what they ask of you only when their values and expectations align with yours , and not because you merely want to impress them .
Do not study to be a lawyer because your parents have been telling you to since you were ten years old .
Instead , become a pilot , or an engineer , or whatever , because it ’s your passion .
In other words , figure out what makes you tick and pursue it !
Leave the Comfort of Your Nest
Never forget the definition of insanity : Doing the same thing every day of every month of every year , and expecting different results .
If you want to truly live , and not merely exist , you have to leave the comfort of your nest .
You have to forge your own path through the uncharted waters around you – for it is these uncharted waters that will eventually lead you to the shores of your goals .
Make Choices and Take Risks
The best way to forge your own path and live a life of fulfillment is to listen to your heart and overcome your natural fears .
You ’ll never get to the place you want to be if you ’re afraid to make the necessary choices to get there .
Do not be afraid of what someone will think of you or say to you if you express your passion and tell them what you really want to do with your life .
Do not be afraid to make a choice that seems a little risky – everything in life , even getting out of bed in the morning , involves risk .
If you intend to live , you have to accept risks .
Conclusion
It ’s your life to live and your life to enjoy , no one else ’s .
Nobody on this planet walks the exact same path as you , and this is precisely what makes life so remarkable and fun .
Although others may be able to show you parts of the path , you must take the initiative to walk it on your own .
Because as Morpheus said in The Matrix , “ Neo , sooner or later you ’re going to realize , just as I did , that there ’s a difference between knowing the path and walking the path . ”
So stay true to yourself , follow your instincts , and listen to your heart every step of the way .
Diggy is the author of UpgradeReality.com , a blog that explores the beauty and simplicity of self - improvement .
If you enjoyed this post then consider subscribing to his RSS feed .
If you 're long the 10 - year , you 're betting on everything in the world going perfectly -- no serious inflation , no macro debt risk -- according to latest from Morgan Stanley :
Fed Chairman Bernanke ’s speech on Monday could not have
been better tailored to keep bond markets happy .
The
commitment to keep policy rates “ exceptionally low ” for an
“ extended period ” and the benign outlook for inflation were
both very well received by bond markets , as well as other
risky assets .
Obligingly , the Survey of Professional
Forecasters ( SPF ) showed a drop in both the 1 - year ahead
and the 10 - year ahead CPI inflation expectations in its 4Q
release .
Our proprietary model , MS FAYRE , shows a current
fair value of 3.3 % for the US 10 - year Treasury yield ( see
Exhibit 1 ) – bang in line with actual yields .
Bond markets
seem to be priced for perfection , anticipating that the ‘ sweet
spot ’ created by exceptionally low policy rates and benign
inflation will remain in place for a long time .
Even if you believe that inflation will play fair , investors seem
to be receiving no compensation at all for the macroeconomic
risks that have surely made an indelible impression over the
last two years , or for the fiscal risks that abound .
Finally , such
sanguine expectations in US bond markets put downward
pressure on bond yields elsewhere in the world , making it
difficult for central banks that wish to tighten policy ahead of
the major central banks to gain significant traction through
higher bond yields .
Priced for perfection …
MS FAYRE generates its fair value
estimate using the real fed funds rate , 1 - year ahead CPI
inflation expectations from the SPF conducted by the
Philadelphia Fed and the 5 - year rolling standard deviation of
inflation as a proxy for inflation volatility ( for more details on
the MS FAYRE model , see Fairy Tales of the US Bond
Market , July 26 , 2006 ) .
With the fed funds rate at 12.5 bp , core
PCE inflation tracking at 1.3 % and the 4Q09 number for
1 - year ahead CPI inflation expectations from the SPF coming
in at 1.6 % , MS FAYRE produces a fair value of 3.3 % for
10 - year bond yields , which is exactly where the 10 - year yield
is now ( interested readers should contact us for a user -
friendly spreadsheet for simulating the FAYRE model ) .
Forward - looking bond markets thus seem to be pricing in
altogether too rosy a scenario for the foreseeable future .
… for now : With actual bond yields bang in line with our
fundamental fair value estimate , investors seem to be
receiving no compensation for macroeconomic or fiscal risks .
Risk premiums declined precipitously before the Great
Recession and should return to a reasonable level ,
particularly in light of the macroeconomic risks that have
made themselves felt over the last couple of years .
Further ,
with the bulk of the approved fiscal package in the US yet to
be spent , the successful handling and eventual retirement of
debt seems very far away with plenty of risks along the way .
Bond markets have clearly not turned their attention to these
issues yet , but it is unlikely that they will ignore them forever .
We made a notice about this a week or so ago , but now we also have some additional information that was not included in the original post :
– If you buy two games , you can pick up a third one for free
– Includes all games
– “ Free / discounted item must be of equal or lesser value to the lowest priced item purchased ”
– This deal includes accessories from $ 5 – $ 100
– Because they are considered to be gift cards , new point cards are not included in the sale ( unless they come in some sort of bundle packs )
– Unfortunately , the deal is only for residents of the United States
– Reward members can use this coupon to take $ 5 off the purchase
– Check your local store regarding preorders –
There may be a chance to preorder certain games at the register
– You can take advantage of the deal numerous times ( meaning you can have another order of three games )
– If the game has been opened , you can only return the original purchase for the same title
– Bundles should be included in the deal
– Takes place from 10/11 – 10/17
Source 1 , Source 2
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Google
Pocket
West Bend - Charles A. Avey used a necktie Sunday to strangle his stepson , 14 - year - old Cody Reetz of Grafton , as payback to the boy 's mother for reporting to police that he had beaten her with a hammer , according to a criminal complaint filed Tuesday .
Avey , 37 , was charged Tuesday with first - degree intentional homicide in Washington County Circuit Court .
" This was a savage act , " Washington County District Attorney Todd Martens said in court .
" And it was committed against a family member . "
More than a dozen of Reetz 's relatives sat silently in the courtroom Tuesday watching Avey .
Some cried and shared a box of tissue .
The criminal complaint says
Avey used a second necktie to tie the boy 's neck to an armrest inside an Oldsmobile minivan , then hid Reetz 's body under clothing and a backpack .
He killed the boy inside the minivan while it was parked at a Germantown Wal - Mart , the complaint says , and left the lot with a friend shortly before 5 p.m. Sunday .
Avey had called the friend from a Jackson gas station about 30 minutes before killing the boy to request a ride from the Germantown parking lot , the complaint says .
The friend arrived at Wal - Mart about 4:20 p.m. Sunday , and Avey got into her car several minutes later , the complaint says .
He asked to be driven to the van so that he could make sure it was locked .
Avey rode to Grafton with the friend and observed police waiting for him outside his apartment .
He then called his ex-wife , Krista Avey , and asked her to pick him up at a Piggly Wiggly in Jackson because his van had run out of gas .
She arrived with the three children they had together prior to their divorce , but Avey asked her to take them to her home because he wanted to talk .
Avey later requested to be driven to a West Bend cemetery to view his mother 's grave .
Once there ,
Avey confessed to his ex-wife that he had killed Reetz , the complaint says .
He then asked her to drive him to the Washington County Sheriff 's Department , where he turned himself in about 7:25 p.m. Sunday .
At 8:08 p.m. , Sheriff 's Department officers notified Germantown police that there might be a homicide victim inside a van in the store parking lot .
Domestic violence report
Nearly five hours before the boy 's body was found in the minivan Sunday , Avey 's current wife , Trista Avey , went to Grafton police with a relative and reported that her husband repeatedly struck her with a hammer Nov. 8 .
The criminal complaint says the two were arguing that day in their Grafton apartment when Avey began strangling her with his hands and pounded her head , arms and back with a hammer .
The woman 's delay of one week in reporting the attack shows there was a " climate of intimidation in the household , " Martens said Tuesday .
After reporting the crime Sunday , Trista
Avey told officers that her son , Reetz - an eighth grader at Grafton 's John Long Middle School - was with the suspect that afternoon .
Grafton police then issued a bulletin to other law enforcement agencies to be on the lookout for them .
Neither Reetz 's mother nor police were aware that Avey earlier had driven by the Police Department and saw the relative 's vehicle there .
Avey then drove to the family 's apartment and picked up Reetz , and the two drove to Jackson before continuing to the Germantown Wal - Mart .
Grafton police are continuing to investigate the Nov. 8 domestic violence incident , Chief Charles Wenten said .
In court Tuesday , Martens asked Washington County Circuit Judge David Resheske for $ 1 million bail because of the " brutality of the crime . "
Assistant State Public Defender John Kuczmarski told Resheske that Avey was indigent and asked for reasonable bail .
In setting bail at $ 750,000 , Resheske said Tuesday that the criminal complaint shows there is probable cause that Avey killed Reetz .
The crime " cries out for substantial cash bail , " the judge said .
He set a Dec. 2 preliminary hearing on the homicide charge .
Avey also is charged with five counts of identity theft .
Those charges are based on allegations he opened credit card accounts under the name of his wife 's former husband , who is the boy 's biological father .
In a November 2008 to January 2009 holiday shopping spree , Avey charged more than $ 22,130 worth of merchandise to the accounts , according to a separate criminal complaint .
His initial court appearance on the identity theft charges was Nov. 2 , less than a week before he is accused of beating his wife .
Avey told investigators that Trista Avey had no involvement in the identity theft scheme .
Tony Blair covered up British military plans for a full Iraq invasion throughout 2002 , claiming at the time that Britain ’s objective was “ disarmament , not regime change . ”
This and many other damning details are revealed in hundreds of pages of secret government reports obtained by The Sunday Telegraph .
Full transcripts include classified interviews with frustrated British Army commanders and Whitehall officials .
Commanders wrote dozens of “ post - operational reports ” and the Army compiled two “ overall lessons learnt ” papers .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to The Telegraph , the leaked report condemns the almost complete absence of contingency planning as a potential breach of Geneva Convention obligations to safeguard civilians .
Coalition forces were “ ill - prepared and equipped to deal with the problems in the first 100 days ” of the occupation .
Blair ’s lies to Parliament and the public , widespread problems with the Army ’s supply chain and radio systems , and poor planning for “ once Baghdad had fallen ” are now confirmed in the public eye .
Particularly egregious are statements Blair made to Parliament in the build up to the invasion .
On Sept 24 , 2002 , Mr. Blair told members of the British Parliament , “ In respect of any military options , we are not at the stage of deciding those options but , of course , it is important — should we get to that point — that we have the fullest possible discussion of those options . ”
The Telegraph reports , however , that according to leaked documents , “ formation - level planning for a deployment took place from February 2002 . ”
The documents quote British Maj. Gen. Graeme Lamb , director of special forces during the war , as saying : “ I had been working the war up since early 2002 . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Former Whitehall civil servant Sir John Chilcot is due to begin an inquiry into Iraq this week .
Many of the leaked documents will very likely be seen by Chilcot ’s committee , but it is unknown whether the tribunal will publish them .
Relatives of the dead , senior military officers and a few members of the press hope the Iraq Inquiry will not be a simple whitewash .
Until a few months ago , Pakistani officials often used the term " miscreants " when they described the Taliban fighters operating from the western tribal areas .
This moniker conveyed the sense that the Taliban was a nuisance -- a ragtag band of fanatics and gangsters who could be placated with peace deals -- rather than a mortal threat to the nation .
That state of denial appears to be over .
This week 's offensive against Taliban sanctuaries in South Waziristan is the latest sign that Pakistan has awakened to the seriousness of its domestic terrorism problem .
Here 's how one of Pakistan 's top military commanders put it to me , expressing sentiments that are widely shared among his colleagues :
" We must win , if we want our children to be living a life of their choice and belief , and not of these beasts .
I wish I could tell you how much I hate them .
We want to get our beautiful and peaceful country back from their vicious clutches .
We can not allow them to destroy our future . "
Popular anger against the Taliban has been building this year .
Back in April , the country seemed dazed and politically paralyzed .
But as the Islamic extremists broke out of the Swat Valley that month and moved closer to the capital , something changed .
The army launched an aggressive campaign in Swat , the Taliban fighters were pushed back and the public cheered .
The Taliban countered with a recent wave of terrorist attacks , and a visitor sees more checkpoints and roadblocks now than a few weeks ago .
People are edgy , but the suicide bombers have n't broken public support for the army 's assault in Waziristan .
Quite the opposite , judging from editorials in the country 's sometimes strident newspapers .
" The politicians may be divided over other matters but are united over the need for a military operation against the terrorists , " wrote the Daily Times .
" If peace is to be restored in Pakistan , militancy has to be crushed , " argued the Post .
Dawn editorialized that " at the moment , the political will and public support is on the security forces ' side . "
An official of the Inter - Services Intelligence directorate , the country 's spy agency , says , " The majority feel this should have been done yesterday . "
The recent wave of terrorism , he contends , is the Taliban 's attempt " to reassert themselves " and " create ill will against the army " to check the Waziristan offensive .
" That will not deter us from this operation -- and taking it to its logical end , " he insists .
Security is tight at the army 's headquarters in Rawalpindi .
On Oct. 10 , Taliban terrorists stormed past the green lawns and the stately cricket pitch at the entrance and penetrated deep into the compound , killing eight soldiers .
That assault on the army 's inner sanctum worried the country -- the Karachi stock market went into a brief free fall -- but it hardened the military 's resolve .
In his office 100 yards from where the attack began , Maj. Gen .
Athar Abbas , the military 's spokesman , says the offensive against the Taliban haven marks an end to past thinking that " somehow we 'll be able to manage them , co-opt them , bring them on board . "
About 28,000 Pakistani troops are advancing down the three main roads of South Waziristan , pursuing an estimated 5,000 to 10,000 fighters into their mountain strongholds .
The army plans to stay until it has control of this rugged area , arguably for the first time in Pakistan 's history .
Abbas says that to win , the army must be seen as operating independently of the United States : " We told the Americans , stay away .
Let us do it . "
To demonstrate that independence , the Pakistanis asked the United States to halt its highly effective Predator drone attacks over South Waziristan .
" Public support is more important , " explains one military official .
Pakistan has pledged action against the Taliban in the past , only to make peace agreements when the fighting got tough .
It 's too early to say whether the early resolve this time will carry through the harsh winter , as the army confronts the notoriously tough Mehsud tribesmen .
In the tribal areas , " people are always on the winning side .
They wait and see the outcome , " says Abbas .
If the Waziristan campaign does succeed , it would create an important new dynamic in the region .
Rather than a weak Pakistan that does n't control its Afghan border , we might see a strong Pakistan that -- by securing its tribal areas -- can be a more effective partner in neighboring Afghanistan .
That would be a big boost for the United States , but to work , it must be labeled " Made in Pakistan . "
A Tour of DBIx : : Class :: Helpers
Hello !
DBIx :: Class is one of the most popular ORMs used in Perl and Catalyst development ; it is remarkably flexible and useful .
But there is a price for that flexibility : often things that are concise in other ORMs are complex in DBIx :: Class .
DBIx :: Class :: Helpers aim at solving the complexity problem as succinctly as possible .
As our good friend mst might say , they allow you to code less so you can get down to the pub earlier :-)
So without further ado , I will start with the first , most basic helper ...
IgnoreWantarray
DBIx :: Class :: Helper :: IgnoreWantarray has the longest name , but the most basic functionality : it takes away the context sensitivity of $ rs -> search .
Why would a person ever want to do that ?
Well , in array context , $rs -> search will return an array of your database .
You might not want that .
I often write code like the following : return $ self -> sort ( $ self -> paginate ( $ self ->schema->resultset ( ' Parts ' ) ) ) ;
Unfortunately , this often means that instead of passing another resultset to $ self -> sort , I end up passing the database instead .
This confounds me and my coworkers enough that I 'd rather call $ rs -> all if I need the actual results .
IgnoreWantarray makes search always return a resultset .
JoinTable
DBIx :: Class :: Helper :: JoinTable was one of the first components in the Helper suite .
Its name should make its purpose obvious .
Any time you have a many - to - many relationship , you must have a table joining those two sets of items .
An example could be users and roles .
Users have many roles ; roles have many users .
The correct way to program this relationship is with a join table .
DBIx :: Class :: Helper :: JoinTable makes creating these tables extremely easy .
And because DBIx :: Class allows us to call add_columns more than once , it 's a cinch to add data other than the relationship .
An example might be an award given from a school .
We have a Student table , a School table , an Award table , and a Student_Award table .
The Student_Award table should join Student and Award , but might as well contain the date the award was conferred and maybe some information about why the student received the award .
Random
DBIx :: Class :: Helper :: Random exists to serve a fairly basic need : picking random rows from a given table .
Currently it only returns a single row , but soon , hopefully , DBIx : : Class will support the necessary machinations to return a resultset of random rows .
SubClass
DBIx :: Class :: Helper :: SubClass is certainly the most complex of these components , but I would argue it is the most important as well .
This component allows almost seamless subclassing of DBIx :: Class ResultSources .
It does things like __PACKAGE__-> table ( __PACKAGE__-> table ) , which are annoying and unsightly , as well as more complex things , like recreating relationships based on the parent class .
At work I 'd like to define a set of tables for authorization - users , roles , permissions , and join tables between them .
I do not want to copy and paste this code to our many disparate projects .
DBIx :: Class :: Helper :: SubClass solves the problem nicely .
Another reason to use this helper is to define a table without certain columns ( TEXT columns come to mind ) .
Instead of redefining the table with the text columns in another place , you might use this helper to subclass the one without the text columns and add text columns to the child class .
VirtualView
DBIx :: Class :: Helper :: VirtualView is the most conceptually complex of the Helper components .
Its purpose is mostly to clean up data returned from a resultset .
I wo n't go into all the gory details here .
For an idea of how it works see the POD and tests .
Extensibility
In writing these components I 've tried to make parts overrideable in the spirit of DBIx : : Class .
For example , if you do not like that join tables have an underscore between table names , you could subclass DBIx :: Class :: Helper :: JoinTable , override set_table , and then use your subclassed module to name your tables as you please .
Author
About 1,300 people have petitioned against flights on Sundays in Aitutaki
After the introduction of flights on Sundays to the Cook island of Aitutaki , John Pickford examines how the predominantly Christian island is reacting to its Sabbath being disrupted .
" The sanctity of the Sabbath is of a higher value than the dollar , " declared the protesters ' banner .
It was a wet Sunday in Aitutaki and I was looking at a bedraggled band of demonstrators outside the tiny airport .
When the local airline decided to add a Sunday service to its normal schedule it may have anticipated some hostility .
Most Polynesians have been devout Christians since the arrival of missionaries in the early 19th Century and on many islands Sunday is a special day .
Church should be the only place people go on a Sunday , says Tunui Mati But on Aitutaki , as well as the airport protests , 1,300 people signed a petition against the flight .
" That 's most of the adult population , " declared one campaigner jubilantly .
Elections will be held next year and the protest continues .
I had been in the Pacific two months and was about to experience my ninth Polynesian Sunday .
I was unsure about the ethics of riding a hired bicycle on the Sabbath but I thought I would risk it .
There is no better way to explore a 21st - Century Polynesian island than to " get on your bike " and cycle round it .
' Sunday best '
First stop was the Cook Islands Christian Church and , as I swished through the rain , I knew I was on safe ground here .
Aitutaki 's famously beautiful lagoon had a mournful look but you cannot fail to be elated on a Sunday morning by the sight of a Polynesian congregation in its " Sunday best " .
Before the missionaries we were always fighting each other .
After they came there was no more trouble
Tunui Mati Matriarchs are in hats , girls in starched white frocks , the men mostly in black , the church packed as usual and I sit in the wrong place - again - but nobody seems to mind .
There is deep , soulful singing , a woman feeding her baby and a sermon to hell 's mouth and back - if you are lucky .
The Sun is climbing , I am on my bike again and it is getting hot .
Tempted by coconuts stacked outside a little grocery store , I find I 'm in the headquarters of the Stop Sunday Flights campaign .
Deserted streets Tunui Mati , a silver - haired man in late middle - age , says his leadership of the protests cost him his job at the airport .
So what should an Aitutaki Sunday be like ?
" Church in the morning , then we just eat and rest , " he says .
" No games , all TVs turned off and we do n't go out on the lagoon . "
I recall another Sunday in Tonga 's capital , Nuku'alofa , walking back from church through deserted streets .
Polynesians in white frocks heading to Church are an arresting sight Every shop and cafe was closed and there was a wilting , enveloping stillness in the heat of noon , as if even the pigs had retired in respect for the day .
Yes , Tunui 's ideal Sunday was a place I recognised .
A lady joins us and is introduced as the great , great , great , great grand - daughter of John Williams of the London Missionary Society .
The most successful missionary of his time , he brought Christianity to Aitutaki on 26 October 1821 , then to the rest of the Cook Islands and Samoa , before meeting his nemesis in 1839 in a cooking pot on Vanuatu .
At campaign headquarters there is no doubt of Christianity 's single biggest gift to the islands , apart from the gospels .
" Before the missionaries we were always fighting each other .
After they came there was no more trouble , " says Tunui .
But Treasure Island author Robert Louis Stevenson , who lived - and died - in Samoa in the 1890s , saw the missionaries as mainly interested in clothes and money .
COOK ISLAND FACTS
The islands are spread across around 2 m sq km of sea
According to the most recent census , just under 20,000 people live on the Cook Islands
There is only one secondary school on Aitutaki .
It educates around 200 pupils
They wanted the Polynesians to wear more and they wanted their churches well endowed .
On both accounts they have succeeded .
A senior magistrate in Tonga told me that the poorer people on his island can end up giving half their income to their Church .
This happens because some churches - and there is an astonishing array of rival denominations across the Pacific from Mormons and Methodists to Catholics and Seventh Day Adventists - insist that gifts be declared in public .
And the poor cannot afford to lose face .
Exuberant dancing
One question which is beginning to be asked is how deep did Christianity go ?
In Samoa the missionaries tried and failed to expunge tattooing .
In the Cook Islands , despite a 1900 GMT curfew for under - 18s that lingered until the 1950s , they never stopped the exuberant dancing and drumming that the islands are still renowned for .
Many children have names straight out of the Bible There is little evidence that Polynesians are uncomfortable with their new ( ish ) religion .
On the contrary , Church and family are at the heart of most people 's lives .
Back on my bike in Aitutaki I stop under the soothing shade of a big tree to consult the map .
" Hello ! "
A boy high in the branches is looking down at me .
Another " hello " and then his sister appears from nowhere .
" Would you like a mango ? " " Yes " , I say to the tree climber , " but do n't fall . "
" He wo n't fall because he 's a monkey , " his sister says .
The boy throws down a mango and his little sister gives it to me in cupped hands .
What are your names ?
" Caleb and Mary " they say .
" And yours ? " " John , " I reply .
" Ah , John the Baptist ! " calls a voice from the tree top .
This is Aitutaki , in 2009 , where boys still know their scripture and climb trees .
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent BBC Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 GMT .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 GMT ( some weeks only ) .
BBC World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on BBC iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Back in 1999 , an Illinois man by the name of Erich Specht started a company , and named it “ Android Data . ”
He filed for a patent from the US Patent and Trademark Office in 2000 , and his request was granted in 2002 .
If my blunt and lazy foreshadowing was n’t enough , let me make it plain and clear : Google , we have a problem .
Last April , Specht filed a lawsuit over trademark infringement against Samsung , Motorola , Sprint Nextel , and of course , Google .
Additionally , he wanted $ 100 million in damages .
The charges were dismissed , leaving Google as the only remaining defendant .
Obviously , Google ca n’t let this one go .
So what do they do ?
Counter sue !
Google is suing for punitive damages , attorney fees , denial of payments requested , and an order for the US Patent and Trademark Office to cancel Specht ’s “ Android Data ” registration .
Both lawsuits are still in progress .
Google is expected to settle if they lose , or possibly even before .
We ’ll be sure to keep you updated on this situation !
[ Via BusinessInsider ]
Nickelback is the top group of the decade , according to Billboard magazine .
Rapper Eminem has been named the top artist of the decade , and 'N Sync garnered the title album of the decade for its bestselling No Strings Attached ( 2000 ) .
Nickelback was the highest - ranking band of the decade , only finishing behind solo artists Eminem , 50 Cent , Alicia Keys , Beyonce , Nelly and Usher , for overall impact and importance .
Despite a distinct lack of critical acclaim , the rock band formed in Hanna , Alta. , has sold more than 30 million albums worldwide .
In the last decade , it released The State ( 2001 ) , Silver Side Up ( 2001 ) , The Long Road ( 2003 ) , All the Right Reasons ( 2005 ) and Dark Horse ( 2008 ) , which has garnered them a 2010 Grammy nomination for best hard - rock performance for the track Burn It To The Ground .
" We 've just accepted that we 're never going to be the critics ' darlings , and we 're OK with that , " frontman Chad Kroeger told Billboard in 2007 .
But it 's not only music reporters who disagree with Billboard magazine 's assertion .
Readers of the U.K.'s Word Magazine recently voted Nickelback the worst band in the world , with Kroeger and company locking down an impressive 20 per cent of the vote .
Looks like not everyone is a fan of greasy , bleached hair and enlightening , philosophical song titles such as Something in Your Mouth and S.E.X .
Sample lyrics : " Maybe in the parking lot / Better bring your friend along / Better rock together /
Than just one at a time / S is for the simplety / E is for the ecstasy / X is just to mark the spot / ' Cause that 's the one you really want . "
From top group of the decade to worst band in the world — only Nickelback could be so polarizing .
A teenager is in hospital after apparently setting fire to himself outside an immigration centre in Leeds .
The youth , who is believed to be in his late teens , was found on fire outside Waterside Court in Kirkstall Road on Friday afternoon .
West Yorkshire Police said the casualty was taken to Leeds General Infirmary .
It is not yet known how serious his injuries are .
Police and fire crews spent several hours at the scene .
Waterside Court is used by the UK Borders Agency as a short - term holding centre before detainees are transferred to an immigration removal centre .
Arnold Schwarzenegger unveils dramatic climate change map which shows flooded San Francisco of the future
A map of how California will be affected by climate change in the future was unveiled yesterday by state governor Arnold Schwarzenegger .
The map , which demonstrates the devastating effects of global warming in just a century , shows how San Francisco Airport would be completely underwater if sea levels were to rise by 150 cm ( 60in ) .
The coastline on the map was also coloured , highlighting how n early half a million Californians are at risk from rising sea levels .
[ caption ]
The map , named CalAdapt , which was revealed at a press conference on Treasure Island in San Francisco Bay by Mr Schwarzenegger and Google CEO Eric Schmidt , was created as part of a plan for the state to adapt to global warming .
' Within a century , Treasure Island , this place where we are right now , could be totally under water , ' the governor said .
' It is technology in the end that will save us . '
Though California leads the U.S. in its legal mandate to cut greenhouse gases , Mr Schwarzenegger explained how $ 2.5 trillion of property and assets were still at threat from climate change .
He said that the state 's first report into adapting to climate change showed that a longer dry season has worsened the risk of wildfires , and a smaller winter snowpack is affecting water supplies .
The map , which is available to view on a specially created website ( www.climatechange.ca.gov), was accompanied by an animated video that showed how the state would change over time .
Mr Schwarzenegger argued in the film that cutting carbon dioxide emissions would not be enough .
' We must also be prepared for some continued climate change , which is now inevitable , ' he said .
Verizon has unilaterally updated user Storm 2 BlackBerries and other smartphones so that their browser search boxes can only be used with Microsoft Bing .
The move is part of the five - year search and advertising deal Verizon signed with Microsoft in January for a rumored $ 500m .
Verizon pushed the search change over its network two days ago , the company has confirmed with The Reg .
" We 're a proud supporter of Microsoft 's Bing search engine , " a company spokesman tells us .
" On a couple of select smartphones ( Storm 2 the most prominent ) , we 've changed the [ Verizon Wireless ] - supplied web menu to make Bing the default search engine . "
Previously , the search box - baked into the top of Verizon 's browser , above the url address bar - could be set to search Google , Wikipedia , and other sites .
Naturally , such sites can still be queried via the browser proper .
But countless users are up - in - arms over the switch .
A discussion thread dedicated to the change at CrackBerry , a popular BlackBerry user site , is now 36 pages long .
" This frustrates the heck out of me .
On the phone with VZW right now .
The rep is telling me that she can choose search options from her non-Storm phone , so she 's off to get a Storm to find out what the deal is .
Will post results .
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr , " writes one user .
A sea of similar comments has also appeared on Verizon 's web forums .
" Yesterday , all of the search providers that used to be available through the browser disappeared and bing is the only option .
I hate bing .
I no longer am able to search using Google , Dictionary.com , or Wikipedia from the ' Go to ...' page on my browser .
This is a very poor decision ... to take choice away from their users , " the first post says .
" SOMEONE is pushing this change to Blackberry users without notification and without giving the option to refuse this change .
If this has happened to you , please call Verizon and inform them .
I really want my choices for search back .
Not only because I hate bing , but because taking choices away from customers is just a really ** bleep * * thing to do . "
Verizon and Microsoft have an existing relationship .
In January , the two signed a five - year search and ad deal rumored to be worth $ 500 m .
When we asked Microsoft to comment on the Verizon search - box switch , it referred us to a January blog post .
" Verizon Wireless subscribers in the U.S. will be able to use Live Search on their mobile devices to find information on local business and shopping information , access maps and directions , find ringtones and other mobile products and services , " the company said at the time .
" This partnership will give Verizon Wireless customers great search results and provide targeted , relevant mobile advertising to enhance the overall mobile computing experience . "
When we asked Google for comment , a spokeswoman said : " We 're passionate believers in competition that 's good for users .
We 're committed to working with industry leaders to provide the best user experience possible and develop innovative products and services . "
It should be said , however , that according to press reports , Google was in talks with Verizon over a similar search deal before the Microsoft pact was finalized .
Google and Verizon have since agreed to a deal that involves the two companies jointly developing Android phones for the carrier 's network .
Meanwhile , press reports indicate that Google intends to sell its own Android phone in the New Year .
Google has confirmed the existence of a Google - built Android phone , and this device is built for GSM networks - i.e. not Verizon's . ®
Time - travel computing past ( Image : Flying Colours Ltd / Getty )
In 1991 , CERN hosted the world ’s first web page .
It is no longer hosted there , but a copy has been kept since 1992 by the World Wide Web Consortium 19 October 1996 : Plane maker Boeing had what was , for the time , a very image - intensive home page 12 November 1996 : How newscientist.com looked in its early days .
This design was declared “ best website ” in 1995 by Internet Magazine 25 July 1997 :
The home page of NASA ’s successful Mars Pathfinder , a small rover that was first to test an airbag landing 2 December 1998 :
It may have invented the internet , but DARPA ’s first website was a cautious start in design terms 22 August 2001 :
The first webcam went live in 1993 , allowing researchers at the University of Cambridge computer lab to tell if it was worth making a trip to the Trojan Room Coffee Pot .
The webcam was finally switched off in 2001 4 February 2003 :
The BBC ’s coverage of the Columbia space shuttle loss 20 March 2003 : CNN on the World Trade Centre attacks of 2001
Finding old versions of web pages could become far simpler thanks to a “ time - travelling ” web browsing technology being pioneered at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico .
Bookmarking a page takes you to its current version – but earlier ones are harder to find ( to see an award - winning 1990s incarnation of newscientist.com , see our gallery of web pages past , right ) .
One option is to visit a resource like the Internet Archive ‘s Wayback Machine .
There , you key in the URL of the site you want and are confronted with a matrix of years and dates for old pages that have been cached .
Or , if you want to check how a Wikipedia page has evolved , you can hit the “ history ” tab on a page of interest and scroll through in an attempt to find the version of the page on the day you ’re interested in .
Advertisement
It ’s a lot of hassle .
But it shoud n’t be , says Herbert Van de Sompel , a computer scientist at Los Alamos .
“ Today we treat the web like a library in which you have to know how to go and search for things .
We ’ve a better way . ”
That “ better way ” is a system that gives browsers a “ time - travel ” mode , allowing users to find web pages from particular dates and times without having to navigate through archives .
Total recall
Called Memento , the system Van de Sompel is developing alongside colleagues from Old Dominion University in Norfolk , Virginia , harnesses a function of the hypertext transfer protocol ( HTTP ) – the system which underpins the world wide web by defining how web pages are formatted and transmitted from servers to browsers .
One of HTTP ’s standard functions is called content negotiation .
This allows one URL to send multiple types of data , depending on the settings of the browser that contacts the URL : for instance , a browser in France accessing a URL may retrieve an HTML page in French , while accessing the same URL from the US may deliver an English version .
“ Your browser does this negotiation all the time , but you do n’t notice it , ” says Van de Sompel .
But HTTP content negotiation is not limited to arbitrating between media formats and languages – it can cope with any data type .
So the team are adding another dimension to page requests : date and time .
“ In addition to language and media type , we negotiate in time .
So Memento asks the server not for today ’s version of this page , but how it looked one year ago , for instance , ” says Van de Sompel .
Browsing the past
Memento comprises both server and browser software .
On a server running the open - source Apache web system , just four lines of extra code are needed to build in date - and - time negotiation .
On the browser , a drop - down menu will let users enter the date and time for which they want to view a page .
So far , the team has developed a Memento plug - in for the open - source Firefox browser , plus a “ hacked ” version of Firefox with built - in Memento capability .
Web pages need no extra features : the web server just needs to intercept the date - time requests of users .
A demonstration of what Memento can do is available for any browser .
Of course , the whole idea requires website owners to store many more time - stamped versions of their pages than they do now , but the team think Memento will encourage them to do this .
“ I would love to see Memento supported , ” says Van de Sompel .
“ It would be such fun to set our browsers back in time and just browse the past . ”
Dig deep
Jakob Voss , a developer with the Common Library Network in Göttingen , Germany , is an early Memento user – and he is already advocating use of Memento for sites with frequently updated pages like Wikipedia .
“ Memento is only a proof of concept but it looks very promising and could be a great enhancement to the web .
There is little support in today ’s browsers for digging into archives , especially those with dynamic content management systems like wikis and weblogs , ” Voss says .
“ Tracking versions , and the provenance of web information , is becoming more and more important and Memento could help manage this complex task . ”
He ’s not alone in that view .
Ian Jacobs , a spokesman for the World Wide Web Consortium in Boston , Massachusetts , agrees that “ URL persistence ” is a valuable aim – and that users should be able to browse the latest version of a page or one on a given date .
“ The browser should allow the user to choose , ” says Jacobs .
Van de Sompel is presenting the Memento technology today at a meeting of the National Digital Information Infrastructure and Preservation Program at the Library of Congress in Washington DC .
Journal reference : arxiv.org , arxiv : 0911.1112v2
When I first began writing for The Times , I was naïve about many things .
But my biggest misconception was this : I actually believed that influential people could be moved by evidence , that they would change their views if events completely refuted their beliefs .
And to be fair , it does happen now and then .
I ’ve been highly critical of Alan Greenspan over the years ( since long before it was fashionable ) , but give the former Fed chairman credit : he has admitted that he was wrong about the ability of financial markets to police themselves .
But he ’s a rare case .
Just how rare was demonstrated by what happened last Friday in the House of Representatives , when  with the meltdown caused by a runaway financial system still fresh in our minds , and the mass unemployment that meltdown caused still very much in evidence  every single Republican and 27 Democrats voted against a quite modest effort to rein in Wall Street excesses .
Let ’s recall how we got into our current mess .
America emerged from the Great Depression with a tightly regulated banking system .
The regulations worked : the nation was spared major financial crises for almost four decades after World War II .
But as the memory of the Depression faded , bankers began to chafe at the restrictions they faced .
And politicians , increasingly under the influence of free - market ideology , showed a growing willingness to give bankers what they wanted .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least 109 people have died following an explosion at a nightclub in the Russian city of Perm , 1,400 km ( 870 miles ) east of Moscow .
Officials said fireworks caused the blast and that most victims had died from smoke inhalation .
More than 140 people were reported injured in the accident , which happened at 2315 local time ( 1815 GMT ) .
The Lame Horse nightclub had been celebrating its eighth anniversary , emergency services said .
We are talking about a failure to observe fire regulations
Prosecutor General 's office
In pictures : Russian nightclub fire Regional public security minister Igor Orlov told Itar - Tass news agency : " There were fireworks launched at the scene , and one hit the plastic ceiling , setting all ablaze .
People panicked and succumbed to burns , general crush and gas poisoning . "
Russian state - run TV channel Vesti - 24 showed bodies piled in the street outside the club .
Perm has a population of 1.2 million and is the sixth largest city in Russia .
Planes despatched Svetlana Kuvshinova , who was in the club when the fire began , said the flames " took seconds to spread " .
" It was like a dry haystack .
There was only one way out .
They nearly stampeded me , " the Associated Press quoted her as saying .
Another eyewitness told local TV : " When the merry - making started , when they were warming up , they set off fireworks .
" When I turned back , I saw drops falling off the ceiling and then there was a lot of smoke .
Later this huge flame was moving along the ceiling , " the unnamed woman said .
A spokesman for the prosecutor - general 's main investigative unit told Itar - Tass that it was not a terrorist attack .
" We are talking about a failure to observe fire regulations , " he said .
The Russian government has set up a special commission to deal with the incident .
Regional officials said that fireworks used at the party were too big for closed premises and were intended for outdoor use .
Dmitry Peskov , spokesman for Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , said two planes equipped to transport people with serious burns were being sent to Perm .
Government officials were also leaving for the city , he said .
The BBC's Tom Esslemont , in Moscow , says Russia has a very poor fire safety record with hundreds of people dying in similar incidents every year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
London , England ( CNN ) --
Iran has complained to Britain 's Oxford University over a scholarship program in memory of Neda Agha - Soltan , the young woman whose on - camera death during a protests earlier this year made her a global icon of Iranian opposition .
In a letter to the head of the prestigious university 's Queen 's College , the Iranian embassy in London attacked the philosophy scholarship as " politically motivated , " linking it to claims that Britain was behind violence in Iran .
Agha -Soltan was shot dead during a government crackdown on protests in the wake of June elections that opposition politicians said were rigged to give a landslide victory to hardline incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
The 26 - year - old 's final moments were captured on amateur video and beamed worldwide via the Internet .
Iran says it is investigating her death , but rejects opposition claims she was shot by Iranian security forces .
In its letter to the university , seen by CNN , the Iranian embassy echoed complaints made earlier by Tehran that Britain had a hand in the protests -- a claim that led to the arrest of several British embassy employees in Iran .
" It seems that the University of Oxford has stepped up involvement in a politically motivated campaign which is not only in sharp contrast with its academic objectives , but also is linked with a chain of events in post - Iranian presidential elections blamed for [ sic ]
British interference both at home and abroad , " the letter said .
" We believe that your college decision to abuse Neda 's case to establish a graduate scholarship will highly politicize your academic institution , undermining your scientific credibility -- along with British press which made exceptionally a lot of hue and cry on Neda 's death -- will make Oxford at odd [ sic ] with the rest of the world 's academic institution .
Oxford University confirmed it had received the letter , saying it was a matter for Queen 's College .
Paul Madden , provost of Queen's , said the decision to name the scholarship -- which is offered primarily to students of Iranian nationality or extraction -- was made by the donor who funded it .
" The college is keen to support graduate students , and this scholarship will help Iranian students to study at Oxford , regardless of their financial background , " Madden said in a statement .
" Donors make their own decisions , within reason , on how to name scholarships that they fund .
In this case , the donor who was instrumental in establishing the scholarship is a British citizen and is well known to the college . "
After much mulling and culling , we 've come up with our list of the twenty best books of the decade .
The list is weighted towards science fiction , but does have healthy doses of fantasy and horror .
And a few surprises .
Advertisement
This list is alphabetical , and not in order of awesomeness .
All are equally great and worthy of your attention .
In deciding which would make the list and which would n't , we weighed not only our opinions , but also those of the critical community at large - looking at how each book was received by reviewers for mainstream publications as well as science fiction magazines .
There were many , many books we love that almost made the cut - if we'd let ourselves go it would have been more like the 100 best books of the decade .
Also , all of the books on this list were originally published in English .
Regrettably I 'm not conversant enough in global science fiction to make an educated " best of " list that includes works written in other languages .
I hope those of you who are will add your picks to the comments below .
Advertisement
Acacia : The War with the Mein , by David Anthony Durham ( Doubleday )
According to the Washington Post :
From the first pages of Acacia , Durham , a respected historical novelist , demonstrates that he is a master of the fantasy epic .
He quickly sets out in broad strokes the corrupt world that these unwitting children have been raised to rule .
For 22 generations , the Akarans have presided over the empire of Acacia .
And for 22 generations , they 've sent a yearly shipment of child slaves to mysterious traders beyond their borders , " with no questions asked , no conditions imposed on what they did with them , and no possibility that the children would ever see Acacia again . "
In exchange , the Akarans get " mist , " a drug that guarantees their subjects ' " labor and submission . " . . .
Durham sacrifices nothing — not psychological acuity , not political complexity , not lyrical phrases — as he drives the plot of this gripping book forward .
The names of people and places sound as if they 've been recalled from a dusty past , not cobbled from J.R.R.
Tolkien 's Middle Earth , a far too common practice among fantasy writers .
Tropes that sound outlandish — " dream - travel , " for one — are credible in Durham 's telling .
And the story always surprises .
Characters that seem poised to take center stage are killed abruptly .
Evil often triumphs .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This is the first novel in Durham 's planned Acacian Trilogy .
The second novel , The Other Lands , has recently been published and the third is on the way .
Advertisement
Air , Or Have Not Have , by Geoff Ryman ( Gollancz )
Air won the Clarke Award and was nominated for a Nebula .
Here is what Strange Horizons ' Geneva Melzack had to say about it :
Chung Mae lives in Kizuldah , a tiny mountain village in the country of Karzistan .
The people in Kizuldah live traditional sorts of lives , making a living through farming and migrant manual labour .
TV has barely arrived in the village when a national test of Air , a new form of virtual media technology , takes place , badly shaking up Kizuldah 's traditional existence .
The person most shaken up is Chung Mae herself , who is involved in an accident in the midst of the test that fuses her , in the virtual world of Air , with her elderly neighbour Old Mrs Tung , killing Mrs Tung in the process .
Air tells the story of how Chung Mae learns to adapt to her new situation , and the work she has to do to help the rest of her village similarly adapt to the changes that the test has wrought and the further changes that she knows will come when Air is fully implemented in a year 's time . . .
It might be tempting to read Air as a book that is advocating change and the embracing of the new , but there 's more to it than that .
Change in Air is simply something that happens .
It is inevitable .
The future is not necessarily any better than the past , but it is coming nevertheless .
Advertisement
The Alchemy of Stone , by Ekaterina Sedia ( Prime )
Here is what io9 had to say about this book when it came out last year :
With a face made of porcelain , a wind - up heart , and a talent for alchemy , Mattie is hardly a typical science fictional robot .
While most novels about robots focus on how these humanoid machines are stronger and smarter than humans , Ekaterina Sedia 's The Alchemy of Stone explores the vulnerability of mechanical beings who depend on humans for repairs and survival .
Mattie is a rare emancipated automaton in an industrial city hovering on the edge of a workers ' revolution .
She 's gone against the wishes of her Mechanic creator and joined the ranks of the biochemist - mystic Alchemists , selling medicines and perfumes to the city 's middle class .
Sedia 's novel captures the surreal strangeness of a city whose power structure is about to be toppled , and her focus on Mattie 's relationship with her creator allows her to grapple with the tiny power struggles inherent in all human relationships - especially those between men and women .
Advertisement
The Baroque Cycle , by Neal Stephenson ( HarperCollins )
Love it or hate it , you have to admit that Stephenson 's mammoth historical science series changed the way we think about science fiction - and managed to blow away both science fiction fans and the masses who made these novels bestsellers .
Like Cryptnomicon , the Baroque Cycle blends the facts of science history with intense , intellectually - challenging adventures that make you feel smarter even when you whoop , " Dude , that was awesome ! "
It 's a retelling of the revolutions in science and rationality during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries .
Of the first novel in the series , the New York Times says :
Given the apparent depth of Stephenson 's research , it seems clear that the anachronisms with which he seeds the novel are deliberate .
Some are playful , as when a guard throws Daniel a letter with the words , '' You 've got mail , '' or when the 17th - century Venetians succumb to '' Canal Rage ' ' : '' They insist that gondoliers never used to scream at each other in this way .
To them it is a symptom of the excessively rapid pace of change in the modern world , and they make an analogy to poisoning by quicksilver , which has turned so many alchemists into shaky , irritable lunatics . ''
Advertisement
Confessions of Max Tivoli , by Andrew Sean Greer ( Picador )
Very likely the true inspiration for the recent film The Case of Benjamin Button , this bestselling novel explores the life of Max Tivoli , a man who is growing younger - and his relationship with the woman he loves .
Bookslut describes the novel like this :
With nothing known about his medical condition and no name for what he is , Max can only look to the few historical instances of cases similar to his — a pair of twins born in France as well as the son of a Viennese merchant .
These bits of " research " lend a credibility to the story , making this fictional memoir seem all the more based on a factual account .
Greer writes this story as if it were nonfiction — the actual diary of a man who wishes only to have his unique story known .
" I burst into the world , " he writes , " as if from the other end of life , and the days since then have been ones of physical reversion , of erasing the wrinkles in my hair , bringing younger muscle to my arms and dew to my skin , growing tall and then shrinking into the hairless , harmless boy who scrawls this pale confession . "
These are Max 's experiences , regrets , and lost hopes , once found in a dusty , old attic — the efforts of an old man caught in a young boy 's body , committing his life to literature .
Advertisement
Down And Out In the Magic Kingdom , by Cory Doctorow ( Tor )
Doctorow burst into the mainstream with this hit novel about warring factions in Disneyland :
Those who are trying to preserve the ancient amusement park from being made virtual , and those who are happy to see it digitized .
It was also , famously , the novel where Doctorow invented the term " whuffie , " a term that refers to cultural capital - or , as South Park would later put it , " internet dollars . "
As Nisi Shawl said in the Seattle Times :
Even when science fiction is based on solid predictions , it can demonstrate the pinwheeling pyrotechnics of a first - class fireworks display .
A longtime observer of life online , Doctorow depicts a cashless economy based on the constant , automatic tracking of public reputations by a nameless online utility .
Referred to as " The Bitchun Society " ( a la President Lyndon Johnson 's " Great Society " ) , the dominant lifestyle confers immortality ( of a sort ) on all participants .
All one has to do is periodically record one 's brain patterns — to be imprinted on force - grown clones in the event of an unwanted death .
( No charge for this service ; there 's no charge for anything , as long as one maintains a high enough reputation . )
It 's that trick that allows hero Jules to investigate his own murder .
Advertisement
The Execution Channel , by Ken MacLeod ( Tor )
One of the superlative MacLeod 's most critically - acclaimed and internationally popular novels , it 's the tale of a near - future anti-terrorist dystopia .
Known for his complicated political writing , MacLeod spun a tale that captured the public 's interest , and the attention of political subcultures , too ..
The Socialist Review said of the book :
More spy thriller than science fiction , The Execution Channel is full of the paranoia and the obsessive zealotry of security services in a world where power struggles between states obscure all else .
The story centres on James Travis , an IT engineer .
His daughter , Roisin , is part of the anti-war movement , and his son , Alec , is in the army .
Despite taking neither position , Travis is headhunted for French intelligence , ostensibly due to having made the statement : " I just hate the Yanks . "
When a nuclear explosion destroys a US controlled airbase in Scotland Roisin is witness to it as part of a peace camp outside .
. .
The Travis family and US conspiracy theorist and blogger Mark Dark [ try ] to make sense of the events amid lies and disinformation .
Advertisement
Glasshouse , by Charles Stross ( Ace )
Stross produced a lot of great fiction in the 2000s , but Glasshouse , a novel about far - future gaming , espionage , war , and masculinity , was a standout .
io9 chose it as one of the " science fiction novels that can change your life , " and we said :
Stross has said he had the Stanford prison experiments in mind when he wrote this far - future tale of drifters who sign up for a " glasshouse " experiment to recreate the twentieth century in an isolated space habitat .
They 'll be arbitrarily assigned genders , and forced to engage in certain kinds of conformist behaviors for points .
Our heroes , ill - at - ease in the genders they 've been given , figure out that there 's a deeper plot at work and must try to outsmart the glasshouse prison game while fighting mind viruses that can reorganize your whole consciousness .
With unexpected twists and turns , this book is the very best mindfuck you 've ever had .
Advertisement
Harry Potter Series , by JK Rowling ( Bloomsbury )
Like Durham's Acacia series , the Harry Potter books challenged conventional wisdom about what should happen in a fantasy series .
At the same time , Rowling helped revive traditional fantasy storytelling for millions of people across the world .
And she gave grownups permission to love young adult writing again .
Of the Harry Potter series , Entertainment Weekly 's Tina Jordan says :
I 'm amazed , when I sit back , at the sheer , immensely complicated arc of the story ; Rowling has always said she had the entire seven - book series plotted out from the very beginning , and it 's clear she did .
I 'm stunned at the way she managed to tie up so many of the plot strands , even while weaving in new ones ( and while introducing new characters too , albeit no one very important ) .
Having just reread the first six books , I now realize how many small clues were strewn throughout ( and how few I managed to pick up ) .
Yet despite the complicated plots and subplots , despite the effortless allusions to mythology and classic tales . . .
Rowling winds up her tale with a stunningly beautiful simplicity .
Advertisement
Jonathan Strange and Mr Norrell , by Susanna Clarke ( Bloomsbury )
Another fantasy writer who completely transformed the genre in the past decade is Clarke , whose Jonathan Strange and Mr Norrell is both a literary classic and a gorgeous , smart take on the thorny relationship between the kingdoms of Europe and the kingdom of Faerie .
The Washington Post reviewed the bestseller like this :
[ Clarke 's ] antiquarian romance ... resembles Umberto Eco's Foucault 's Pendulum , Lawrence Norfolk 's Lempriere 's Dictionary and John Crowley 's Aegypt sequence — deeply learned novels that reimagine the nature of history .
For Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell is at heart a book about the present 's relationship to the past .
In its pages Clarke takes the accepted fabric of English culture and inserts just a single new thread : that during the Renaissance , magic actually worked .
Alas , the actual ability to perform magic gradually faded away , even as the centuries - long reign of the powerful magician - sovereign of the North — John Uskglass , the Raven King — passed into the popular mind as a lost golden age .
Advertisement
Look to Windward , by Iain M. Banks ( Orbit )
Look to Windward is a novel of galactic war and personal loss , human revenge and AI regret .
It 's also one of the most moving , intelligent novels in Banks ' legendary Culture series .
The UK Guardian describes the premise of the novel :
Eight centuries after the Culture fought off its greatest challenge , a war that raged for 50 years and destroyed entire solar systems , the glow from one of the exploding stars has just reached [ the orbital world ] Masaq ' .
" Tonight , " as one visitor puts it , " you dance by the light of ancient mistakes . "
And now another chicken is coming home to roost .
Billions have died because of the Culture 's meddling in the neighbouring civilisation of Chel , where it set off a civil war , and some of the Chelgrians have decided to take revenge .
Their instrument is a soldier called Quilan , who is sent to Masaq ' on a mission that is a mystery even to him .
He is one of the misguided yet decent villains who are a feature of these tales : complicit in a planned " gigadeathcrime " , he is still honourable and courageous .
As the moment of reckoning approaches , his memories take us back to the days before the war , when his existence still had meaning and his wife was alive .
Advertisement
The Mount , by Carol Emshwiller ( Small Beer Press )
Poetic and intense , The Mount is a deceptively simple story about humans revolting against a group of alien conquerers who love humanity - as pets they can ride on .
Here 's what io9 said about it :
Carol Emshwiller 's quiet , disturbing novel
The Mount is about what happens when small alien invaders called Hoots take over the planet and begin breeding humans for transportation .
Hoots have weak legs that fit perfectly around human necks , as well as superior weapons that easily convert the disobedient to dust .
What 's compelling about this beautifully - written novel , though , is that it 's no simple " aliens oppress humans " tale .
It explores what happens when humans get used to , and even enjoy , their servitude .
Advertisement
Oryx and Crake , by Margaret Atwood ( Anchor )
A controversial story of virus apocalypse caused by corporate biotech run amok , this novel dazzled mainstream readers with its persuasive vision of the near - future .
It was also a strong entry in science fiction 's biopunk subgenre , a cautionary tale of what happens to so - called progress when piloted by greed .
Said the New York Times :
Atwood 's scenario gains great power and relevance from our current scientific preoccupation with bioengineering , cloning , tissue regeneration and agricultural hybrids , and she strikes a note of warning as unambiguous as Mary Shelley 's in '' Frankenstein . ' '
This is the intention of the novel : to goad us to thought by making us screen in the mind a powerful vision of competence run amok .
What Atwood could not have intended , and what is no less alarming and exponentially more urgent , is the resonance between her rampaging plague scenario and the recent global outbreak of SARS .
Moving from book to newspaper , or newspaper to book , the reader realizes , with a jolt , how the threshold of difference has been lowered in recent months .
The force of Atwood 's imagining grows in direct proportion to our rising anxiety level .
And so does the importance of her implicit caution .
Advertisement
Pattern Recognition , by William Gibson ( Putnam )
Gibson reinvented himself in the 2000s as a writer of technothrillers that feel like science fiction despite being set in the present - or , in the case of Pattern Recognition , one year before the book 's publication .
An enthralling mix of Gibson 's favorite obsessions - branding , computer technologies , and artisanal smuggling networks - the book is also a moving portrait of the emotional ties forged between fans of an obscure set of viral videos online .
In Wired , Rudy Rucker wrote :
What Gibson gives us is an international spy thriller comparable to the slightly skewed tales of Jonathan Franzen or David Foster Wallace .
His story 's central McGuffin is a fragmentary , workstation - rendered romance movie known simply as The Footage .
It consists of 100 - odd supernally beautiful snippets of video that someone has anonymously posted on the Web .
A rabid online cult has grown around the flick , and a Belgian advertising exec ( with the improbable name of Hubertus Bigend ) hires Cayce Pollard to find the maker .
Bigend 's goal : Tap into The Footage 's primo street cred strategy for profit . . .
Gibson pulls you in with big ideas that make solid material for word - of - mouth proselytizing .
But Pattern Recognition 's essential quality is the sensual pleasure of its language .
Gibson has a knack for choosing - or coining - the right phrase .
With a poet 's touch , he tiles words into wonderful mosaics .
An expressway is " Blade Runnered by half a century of use and pollution . "
The Tokyo skyline is " a floating jumble of electric Lego , studded with odd shapes you somehow would n't see elsewhere , as if you 'd need special Tokyo add - ons to build this at home . "
Advertisement
Perdido Street Station , by China Miéville ( Del Rey )
The first of Miéville 's stunning New Crobuzon novels , Perdido Street Station is a tour - de - force of worldbuilding and complicated , character - driven drama .
Strange Horizons described the book like this :
New Crobuzon is full of alienated individuals , social groups , and species ; Miéville 's main characters live on the margins of society , either by choice , or social pressure , or both .
Identities are fluid , allegiances shift suddenly ; spies and moles infest the city and its underworld .
Betrayal is commonplace , and trust is at a premium .
The main character , Isaac Dan der Grimnebulin , embodies this tension .
( Isaac — the sacrificial son ?
Isaac Newton ?
Both ? )
A marginalized scientist pursuing his own quixotic line of research — the " crisis engine " — he is also socially outcast by virtue of his romantic relationship with a xenian , a khepri artist named Lin .
The khepri are partly insectile , partly anthropoid , and Lin , too , is an outcast from her society — an alienated artist who has broken away from her brood in pursuit of a more individualized art .
Isaac and Lin's relationship leaves them vulnerable to blackmail and manipulation , and makes their lives in an already hazardous society even more precarious .
The book 's action begins with the appearance of yet another marginal , outcast character , a garuda ( avian - derived ) named Yagharek , who has been stripped of his wings by his species as punishment for crime ; he commissions Isaac to help him regain his ability to fly .
In the course of his research Isaac inadvertently unleashes .
. . well , something Not At All Nice . . .
The theme of the meaning and nature of consciousness , sentience , and rationality underlies the frantic action in the malevolent city .
. .
Perdido Street Station is an impressively imaginative novel from a promising new writer .
Advertisement
Rainbows End , by Vernor Vinge ( Tor )
A masterpiece of plausible futuristic technologies , Rainbows End is also a very personal story of a man who has recovered from Alzheimers - only to discover that his once - magnificent mind is now healthy but average .
At the UK Guardian , Wendy Grossman wrote :
Set in 2025 , the characters are surrounded by logical extensions of today 's developing technology .
Wearable computing is commonplace .
Tagging and ubiquitous networked sensors mean you can look at the landscape with your choice of overlay and detail .
People send each other silent messages and Google for information within conversations with participants who may be physically present or might be remote projections .
One character 's projection is hijacked and becomes the front for three people .
The owner of another remote intelligence is unknown .
Several continents ' top intelligence operatives try to solve a smart biological attack that infects a test population with the willingness to obey orders .
Vinge makes two opening assumptions : no grand physical disaster occurs , and today 's computing and communications trends continue .
Advertisement
Stories of Your Life And Others , by Ted Chiang ( Orb )
Chiang is one of the legends of the science fiction world , often hailed as the best short story writer of his generation .
With a keen interest in science , and a healthy love for magic , Chiang writes stories that are both gorgeous and profound .
SFSite enthuses :
Stories of Your Life and Others abounds with examples of why Ted Chiang 's stories have continued to be award winners .
From " Understand " , which both plays homage to and expands upon Daniel Keyes ' classic " Flowers For Algernon " to " Story Of Your Life , " in which a linguist confronts the relationship between language and reality , it will not take readers new to these stories very long to appreciate their quality and beauty .
Science fiction has always depended on writers who work best at shorter lengths to continue to examine new ideas and push the boundaries of the field .
In the decade plus a few years since he first started publishing , Ted Chiang has shown himself to be more than up to that task .
Advertisement
Time Traveler 's Wife , by Audrey Niffenegger ( MacAdam / Cage Books )
Critically - acclaimed , and this year released as a feature film , this is the tale of a man who suffers from a rare time - traveling condition .
The question Niffenegger asks is how such a man could ever have a meaningful relationship , when he 's constantly uprooted from the present and propelled to different eras .
USA Today said :
Niffenegger , despite her moving , razor - edged prose , does n't claim to be a romantic .
She writes with the unflinching yet detached clarity of a war correspondent standing at the sidelines of an unfolding battle .
She possesses a historian 's eye for contextual detail .
This is no romantic idyll .
The ability to revisit one 's past does n't necessarily illuminate one 's understanding of events .
And knowing the future is not particularly a good thing , Niffenegger 's story implies .
This is what makes her story both compelling and unsettling .
Time traveler
Henry is limited in his capacity to change himself , let alone past or future events .
His freakish condition brings
Clare into his life , but it also keeps them from being resolutely happy ; he never knows when he will disappear , and she never knows when - or in what shape - he 'll return .
Advertisement
Tooth and Claw , by Jo Walton ( Tor )
Winner of the World Fantasy Award , Tooth and Claw is an alternative history masterpiece from an author acclaimed for her facility with narrative time - tweaking .
Satirical and scathing by turns , Tooth and Claw is a nineteenth century novel of manners in which dragons are the dominant species on Earth .
Here 's what io9 said about it :
Influenced by Victorian writer Anthony Trollope , Tooth And Claw is about the fate of two sisters whose father dies before they are married off .
They can not inherit his caverns , and he 's left them almost no money .
One goes to live with their married sister , whose husband is a cruel land owner who eats the children of his servants .
The other goes to live with their brother , a pastor and new husband who lives in the caves of a very wealthy woman whose son takes a shine to her .
Walton manages to translate Victorian details into dragon life , commenting on what is fashionable in cave decoration and describing the dangerous machinations of dragon bureaucrats .
There 's even a Middlemarch - esque subplot where one of the sisters gets involved with a movement to better the lives of the poor .
And of course it 's a romance – even dragons get a happy ending .
The best part about Tooth And Claw is that it is n't just a simple parody .
Certainly it is very witty , but it is also a fascinating thought experiment in which the most savage creatures of our imagination turn out to be the very best society that 19th century civilization has to offer .
Advertisement
World War Z , by Max Brooks ( Crown )
A gamechanger in the horror / scifi world that hit just as the zombie craze was reaching manic intensity , Brooks ' novel is written in a disturbing , satirical documentary style .
The Onion AV Club said :
Brooks ' acknowledgments conclude with thanks to historian Studs Terkel , zombie visionary George Romero , and John Hackett , who in 1978 wrote a book called The Third World War : August 1985 .
And he takes all three influences seriously .
In fact , Brooks treats everything about his subject seriously .
While that may sound like a ridiculous way to approach a book about a zombie apocalypse , he does n't miss an opportunity to let his readers hear echoes of contemporary woes in the moans of the undead .
When an outbreak of zombie - ism occurs in the near - future of Brooks ' novel , it takes the world aback , serving as a stand - in for pandemic scares , Katrina , tsunamis , terrorism - basically any of the recent catastrophes that have reminded us how fragile civilization is beneath the surface .
The young couple are totally busted .
They huddle at a beach - side park , near signs forbidding teens from sitting too close .
He has his arm around her shoulder .
She is n’t wearing her jilbabjilbab , the traditional Islamic head scarf .
Just like that , the morality cops are in their face .
“ You two are n’t married , right ? ” asks Syafruddin , the rail - thin leader of the six - man patrol , standing stiffly , one hand behind his back .
“ So you should n’t sit next to one another . ”
He separates the two and confiscates their IDs .
Later , he says , the team will open an investigation of the couple , especially because the young man had lied , at first insisting the girl was his sister .
Advertisement
“ We want to see how far this relationship has progressed , ” says Syafruddin , who goes by one name .
“ What they were doing could have led to something sexual . ”
The team is known as “ the vice and virtue patrol , ” on the beat in Aceh , the only province in the world ’s most populous Muslim nation to employ Sharia , or Islamic law , for its criminal code .
The laws were introduced in 2002 after the Indonesian region was granted autonomy as part of efforts to end a decades - long guerrilla war .
The Sharia police consider themselves the community ’s public conscience .
And on their weekly patrol , they take seriously their role of enforcing the religious strictures .
Now their mission may become deadly serious .
Advertisement
In September , Aceh ’s provincial parliament passed a law saying married people who commit adultery can be sentenced to death by stoning .
It also toughened laws on public caning , adding more lashes for gays , pedophiles and gamblers .
The new law , which still requires the approval of the provincial governor , has outraged human rights groups here , who say the code unfairly targets women and violates international treaties .
They say the law cuts even deeper into private lives .
Under the guidelines , the Sharia police could even raid hotel rooms in search of violators , develop informants and work undercover .
Many of Indonesia ’s 200 million Muslims are moderates .
Some worry that the law will discourage much - needed foreign investment in a province leveled by the 2004 tsunami .
Advertisement
None of it fazes the Sharia police .
“ We know many foreigners and some Indonesians do not understand this , ” says Marzuki Abdullah , commander of the 1,500 - member Sharia force .
“ But Muslims must obey the law .
They must go to prayer , do their fasting .
Women should dress in an acceptable way .
“ Our job is to make sure that they do . ”
Advertisement
Worse for women
Norma Manalu wistfully runs her colorful purple silk jilbab through her fingers .
She has a love - hate relationship with the elegant garment .
“ It ’s hot .
It ’s not appropriate for the climate , ” says the 35 - year - old director of Aceh ’s Human Rights Coalition .
“ It ’s something I choose because it ’s beautiful , not because a man tells me to do so . ”
Manalu is a rebel .
Often , to make a point about women ’s rights she walks in public wearing jeans , her head uncovered , ignoring the taunts .
Advertisement
She is sickened by the sight of men and women being publicly caned by a tormentor in a mask .
Manalu contends that women get the worst of the bargain .
Many are treated as outcasts after their punishment ; men are welcomed back into society .
“ It amazes me that in a modern world with sophisticated law and order , we even consider doing this , ” she says .
“ It ’s barbaric . ”
She dismisses the Sharia police , who she believes enjoy harassing young women .
Advertisement
“ Men make these rules based on some misguided image of how women should look , ” she says .
“ Here in Aceh , women must accept it or suffer harassment . ”
A mile away , at religious police headquarters , Abdullah dismisses the uproar over the stoning law .
And he says the harsher caning laws also have been overblown .
Since 2003 , he says , only nine people have been caned in Aceh .
“ Men take their lashes like the women , ” he says .
“ They ’re equal . ”
Abdullah is angered each time he sees couples holding hands or a woman without a veil .
He favors a proposed ordinance in one Aceh area that would ban women from wearing pants .
Advertisement
“ Most pants are too tight , ” he says .
“ They show the curves of a woman ’s body .
With many you can see the shadow of the vagina . ”
But the religious thought police know they cannot fight television , the racy shows broadcast from Malaysia and Jakarta , the Indonesian capital .
As Abdullah speaks , an office TV shows a shampoo ad featuring a woman in a towel , caressing her long black hair .
Aceh ’s top morality cop pauses in mid-sentence .
He blushes , then catches himself and scoffs .
Advertisement
Searching for sin
The morality cops are on the move .
They crouch in military formation , closing in on their prey .
Beneath a row of gracefully bending palms , they ’ve spotted several shady characters at a lonely beachside youth hangout .
They could be unmarried young men cavorting with girls not wearing a proper jilbab .
They could be holding hands , kissing or , well , who knows what .
Waves breaking at their feet , the officers round a rocky promontory .
They confront six baffled men casting nets into the water .
Advertisement
“ They were just fishing , ” says a disappointed Syafruddin .
And so it goes .
All afternoon , they chase down suspects , like the college girls caught without their jilbabs .
As Syafruddin launches into his lecture , a woman wearing a black T - shirt reading “ Lucky Girl ” examines her shoes .
“ For women , ” the officer says , “ wearing a veil is like a motorcycle rider wearing a helmet .
It ’s for your own protection . ”
Advertisement
When the police move on , the woman shrugs .
“ I wear a veil at work , ” she says .
“ I did n’t think it mattered here .
It ’s the beach . ”
Within moments , the team stops three girls on a motorcycle , all wearing veils .
This time , Syafruddin has another problem .
Their leggings are too tight , too revealing , he says .
They should go home and change them at once .
He walks off in search of other laws to enforce .
The girls climb back aboard the motorcycle , looking embarrassed .
One patrolman lingers for a moment .
He smiles at the girls .
Advertisement
And then he winks .
john.glionna@latimes.com
​ If the results of Monday night 's Manhattan Experience contest are anything to go by , the answer is yes .
It appears -- for now , at least -- that bacon has n't entirely jumped the shark .
The winning entry in the Woodford Reserve Manhattan Experience at the Houston Museum of Natural Science featured a Manhattan augmented with maple syrup and candied bacon , a concoction devised by Derek Black , bartender at The Rockwood Room .
The smokiness of the candied bacon bits that rimmed the martini glass subtly augmented the woodsy flavor of the bacon - infused Woodford Reserve bourbon , with a sweet finish from the similarly woodsy maple syrup ( used in place of sweet vermouth ) , making for an almost irresistable cocktail from top to bottom .
Other entries in the event were equally impressive , with an emphasis on creatively enhancing the classic Manhattan recipe of bourbon , bitters and sweet vermouth .
Dimitra Kriticos of Olympia at Pier 21 ( the popular Kriticos family 's second restaurant in Galveston ) created a baklava - inspired Manhattan that featured cinnamon and nutmeg in a powdered sugar - rimmed glass with a glistening bite of baklava on the side .
Joe Le from Aca Sushi created a Japanese - themed Manhattan with green tea liqueur .
And our personal favorite Manhattan , in which a whole vanilla bean was reduced in Grand Marnier and infused into the cocktail , was created by Michael Raymond of Reserve 101 .
​ Before the judging got underway , I had a chance to chat with Chris Morris , Woodford 's master distiller and second - generation whiskey man , who related more fascinating tales of bourbon - fueled road trips than we have space for .
Morris spends nearly 100 days a year on the road , acting as an ambassador for Woodford and -- in a broader capacity -- for bourbon , which can only be called such if the whiskey is crafted here in America , when he 's abroad .
Bourbon is shockingly well - received in Ireland , where they look on our whiskey - making with fond parental affection , Morris relayed .
This is n't the case in neighboring Scotland , Morris laughingly told me , as the Scots take an odd sort of umbrage at the upstart Americans who think they can make whiskey as good as theirs .
But who needs the Scots when countries like Australia and Japan are just as eager to drink our American - made bourbon as we are ?
Once we got down to judging , Morris was all business , as was the judge to my left -- Justin Burrow of Anvil Bar & Refuge -- who was carefully monitoring the bartenders as they measured , poured and shook their concoctions .
" I do n't see any jiggers over there , " he noted warily as Kriticos hustled to pull together her highly complicated , multi-ingredient Manhattan .
We privately bemoaned the use of a whole vanilla bean as a garnish in the vanilla Manhattan , despite enjoying the flavor of the cocktail .
" How much would would you charge for that cocktail at Anvil ? " I asked him .
" Twenty - five dollars , " Burrow responded , thoroughly unimpressed with the choice of garnish .
" And that would n't even cover the cost of the bean . "
In the end , though , the overly complicated and the cost - prohibitive cocktails lost out to the simplicity that was bourbon and bacon .
The team from The Rockwood Room , which included executive chef and partner Michael Dei Maggi and sous chef Benjamin Ashworth , cheered wildly in front of the large crowd as they congratulated their very humble - looking bartender , who seemed somewhat bemused by the win .
According to Dei Maggi , The Rockwood Room is currently scheduled to open in November near Uptown Park in the Galleria area .
Touted as a heady , retro , wood - toned and leather - boothed place that would please the Rat Pack or Don Draper 's crew on Mad Men , the restaurant and bar seemingly aim to attract the readership of Esquire magazine ( both male and female ) -- fittingly , since the magazine sponsored the event .
The bacon Manhattan will be featured on The Rockwood Room 's menu , as well it should be .
After all , what goes better with a throwback , uber - masculine aesthetic than smoked meat and whiskey ?
Ultra right - wing radio talk show host Hal Turner provided intelligence to the FBI that agents considered “ irreplaceable , ” according to emails reviewed for a lengthy investigative report published Sunday .
Writing for NorthJersey.com , reporters Mike Kelly and Peter J. Sampson reveal that the bureau once even used Turner as an undercover intelligence operative in Brazil , where he informed on white supremacist group American National Alliance and met with a representative of the Brazilian Arab Society who sought to provide support to Iraqi fighters .
ADVERTISEMENT
According to documents reviewed for the report , Turner ’s FBI codename was “ Valhalla , ” which he sometimes wrote on the memo line of the checks the agency sent him .
Turner ’s famously vile , racist broadcasts began in 2002 , though the one - time Pat Buchanan campaign coordinator did not begin his relationship with the FBI until 2003 , when he was recruited to attend a National Alliance meeting in West Virginia .
When he finally stopped broadcasting in 2008 , he was being investigated for making death threats against judges he disagreed with .
Turner ’s laywer , Michael Orozco , gave a different timeline than the North Jersey report , claiming in August that Turner ’s relationship with the FBI began in 2002 .
At least several times during his status as an FBI informant , agents admonished Turner for his increasingly dangerous , threatening rhetoric .
While Turner even once severed his relationship with the bureau in 2007 , he was back on payroll within months .
Once finally arrested , allegedly by the very agents who recruited him , the right - wing talker expressed dismay and surprise at being reeled in .
“ I was not some street snitch , ” he said during a jail interview , according to the North Jersey report .
“ I was a deep undercover intelligence operative . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Indeed , according to an e-mail disclosed by the North Jersey report , Special Agent Stephen Haug wrote that “ [ Turner ’s ] value outweighs the discomfort associated with source ’s rhetoric .
Source ’s unique access provides important intelligence which , if lost , would be irreplaceable . ”
An FBI memo cited by the reporters added that Turner “ has proven highly reliable and is in a unique position to provide vital information on multiple subversive domestic organizations , ” elaborating that he identified over 100 possible extremists and prevented “ over 10 acts of violence ” .
Though it does not specify how many people saw the inside of a jail cell because of Turner , it does note that “ multiple subjects ” were arrested .
Turner ’s trial for making threats against three judges begins this week .
In an surprising twist , Orozco reportedly plans to subpoena New Jersey Governor - elect Chris Christie .
He hopes to find out if Christie advised the FBI about Turner as a U.S. Attorney in Newark .
ADVERTISEMENT
Turner was first outed as an FBI informant in July , 2008 , when unknown hackers broke into the racist agent provocateur ’s e-mail and discovered a message to a bureau handler discussing an alleged plot to kill Sen.
Russ Feingold .
Orozco has moved for the court to dismiss the case against Turner on the grounds that the government engaged in “ outrageous conduct ” by sponsoring Turner ’s racist rhetoric , then arresting him for going too far .
The new homes will take heat energy from the rocks beneath them A former Tomorrow 's World presenter has branded new energy reports " insane " after purpose - built 'eco homes ' were given a low efficiency rating .
Lindsey Fallow said Energy Performance Certificates ( EPCs ) were made using a " glorified spread sheet " and did not recognise advanced technologies .
It comes after a firm she is involved with scored low ratings on four new homes in South Lanarkshire .
Apex Developments said EPCs were " not worth the paper they are written on " .
It said the technologies it used to reduce carbon emissions at its Lethame Courtyard development on the outskirts of Strathaven had not been recognised in the assessment process .
The four new homes feature green technologies that the developers said reduced the carbon footprint of a large family home down that of a small one - bedroom flat .
It seems insane to leave something so important down to what is essentially a glorified spread - sheet that only takes into account the basic technologies
Lindsey Fallow
Former Tomorrow 's World presenter
As well as extra wall insulation and under - floor heating , the houses have also been fitted with heat recovery systems and ground source heat pumps .
As part of the Home Information Packs , introduced in Scotland last year , EPCs are now required by law to be completed when properties are sold or rented out .
Former presenter Ms Fallow has been working with Apex on developing software which calculates how energy efficient certain technologies are .
She said : " I was stunned when I saw the EPCs for these houses as I know the work that has gone into making them as ' green ' as possible .
The houses feature energy efficient heating systems " It seems insane to leave something so important down to what is essentially a glorified spread - sheet that only takes into account the basic technologies and does not recognise the more advanced ones .
" It makes the whole process of getting these certificates seem like a complete waste of time . "
Alan Simpson from Apex Developments told the BBC Scotland news website : " We had done our own calculations which gave us a very high energy efficiency rating but when we had our EPC rating done it was not as good .
" When we asked why , we were told the computer software did not recognise the technologies we had used .
" These are not really new technologies .
These systems have been in use by developers in places such as Scandinavia for about 30 years . "
He added : " We were disappointed at first and then we got angry .
" We have to give these certificates to our customers and it looks like we are not telling the truth .
We are keeping the assessment procedure under review to take account of regulatory and technical developments that have arisen
Scottish government spokesman
" It shows their house as being a C or a D rating when we believe it should be an A or at least a high B . "
In Scotland the Energy Saving Trust holds the register of Energy Performance Certificates but a spokesman said overall responsibility for carrying out the assessments and providing the ratings lay with the Scottish government .
A government spokesman said : " Energy Performance Certificates will improve energy efficiency and make an important contribution to achieving our world leading climate change targets .
" We are keeping the assessment procedure under review to take account of regulatory and technical developments that have arisen . "
Mr Simpson said : " We think that , in theory , EPCs are a good thing , but the way in which the assessments are carried out must be updated and improved to allow builders to demonstrate what they are doing effectively , and give them the recognition they deserve . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Notes :
This oak - aged gentle giant has been gaining popularity over the past few years and is now available year - round .
For Burton Baton , we brew two " threads , " or batches , of beer : an English - style old ale and an imperial IPA .
After fementating the beers separately in our stainless tanks , they 're transferred and blended together in one of our large oak tanks .
Burton Baton sits on the wood for about a month .
When enjoying the Burton Baton , you 'll find an awesome blend of the citrus notes from Northwestern hops melding with woody , vanilla notes from the oak .
The wood also tends to mellow the 10 % ABV of Burton , so tread cautiously !
70 IBU
Meet Annie and hear how her own vocal issues sent her on quest to find her voice and in turn , share that gift with others .
Become the singer you ’ve always Wanted to be LEarn from someone with 20 + years of true industry experience .
Contemporary , pop , musical theater , rock , & more .
Are you tired of feeling limited by your voice ?
I know , I 've been there .
Does your voice strain or crack ?
Is it weak and breathy ?
From beginners to pros , I 'm here to help you maximize your vocal ability .
By Andrew Harding
BBC News , Timbuktu
Curators hope large numbers of at - risk documents will be preserved A drizzle of dust and sand falls over Ahmed Saloum Boularaf 's fingers as he gently lifts the ancient , camel - skin bound manuscripts from a wooden box and puts them on a desk in his makeshift library in a mud - brick house close to the centre of Timbuktu .
" Termites , rain and mice , " he said in an accusing voice , brushing a few flecks of 15th Century parchment from his jacket .
" This was my grandfather 's collection .
It covers topics from science to medicine , history , theology , grammar , geography - a little of everything . "
Threatened Across Timbuktu , in cupboards , rusting chests , private collections and libraries , tens or perhaps hundreds of thousands of manuscripts bear witness to this legendary city 's remarkable intellectual history , and by extension , to Africa 's much overlooked pre-colonial heritage .
" This is the proof , " said Mr Boularaf .
" Africa was not wild before the white man came .
In fact , if you will excuse the expression , it was the colonising that was wild . "
Ahmed Saloum Boularaf has been caring for documents for years
But this unique literary evidence is under threat , as time , the elements , and a simple lack of resources take their toll in northern Mali .
" We are losing manuscripts every day .
We lack the financial means to catalogue and protect them , " said Mr Boularaf , who recently rescued his collection from the rubble of a mud building next door that collapsed after a rainstorm .
Now a giant , new , state of the art library has landed - rather like a spaceship - in the dilapidated centre of Timbuktu , offering the best hope of preserving and analysing the town 's literary treasures .
After several years of building and delays , the doors are finally about to open at the Ahmed Baba Institute 's new home - a 200 million rand ( £ 16,428,265 ) project paid for by the South African government .
" It 's a dream come true , " said South African curator Alexio Motsi , exploring the underground , climate - controlled storage rooms that will soon house some 30,000 manuscripts .
On the ground floor , behind elegant colonnades and fountains , rows of empty desks are ready for newly trained workers to begin repairing and digitizing the documents .
' African renaissance ' " I feel proud and nervous , " Mr Motsi said as his team prepared to hand over the keys of the institute to the Malian authorities .
There 's a lot to be uncovered here .
It 's time we started relooking at the history taught in school about Africa
Curator Alexio Motsi
The struggle to save Timbuktu 's manuscripts has been gaining momentum for many years .
When South Africa 's former President , Thabo Mbeki , visited the town in 2001 he declared the documents to be among the continent 's " most important cultural treasures " , and promised to help conserve them as part of his vision of an " African renaissance " .
Most of the manuscripts are in Arabic script , but contain many local languages .
They provide unique insights into Timbuktu 's emergence as a trading post , and by the 1500s as a famous university town , full of students and scribes .
They also help refute the notion that sub-Saharan Africa produced only oral histories , with little or no written records .
Some of the documents discuss social and political problems , usually in an Islamic context , while others offer medicinal advice , including one 13th Century herbal remedy to help treat women in labour .
" I think pre-colonial Africa had its own civilisation going on , which matches what was going on in the west , " said Mr Motsi .
" There 's a lot to be uncovered here .
It 's time we started relooking at the history we were taught in school about Africa . "
The new institute plans to hold exhibitions , and open a souvenir and coffee shop in order to translate interest in the manuscripts into tourist revenue for one of the world 's poorest countries .
But those ambitions will not have been helped by new travel advisories issued by the UK and US governments , which are warning tourists to steer clear of the town altogether because of the threat of kidnapping by militants with links to al - Qaeda , who are now using the Sahara as a hiding place .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The word " physicalization " is ten months old .
This January , Rackable Systems launched a strange line of servers which defied all the conventional wisdom of server design by disaggregating larger servers into many smaller ones based on consumer parts , and in the process lowering power and performance density .
Ars , among others , expressed skepticism over the strange design decisions , but launches from other major vendors suggest that , for some market segments , the server space is taking a turn in a novel new direction .
Ars has covered this trend before , but we now take a more detailed look at it , with a survey of available physicalization offerings , analysis of the reasons for their adoption , and some predictions about the future .
The standard server : a bit unbalanced
Let 's start by detailing the status quo a little .
Conventional server products for datacenter use on the current market from major vendors are the same : a pair of x86 server - class processors from either Intel or AMD , and an appropriate complement of memory , with hard disks .
This same product can be bought from almost every vendor , typically in 1U but also in 2U and various blade configurations .
Double - density products fitting two such servers per rack unit are available from HP and SuperMicro , among others , pushing the density threshold to 16 cores per rack unit and power density above 25 KW per cabinet under full load .
We 'll call this product , and its forthcoming descendants , the standard server .
The standard server is the product of a number of longstanding trends : increasing density , increasing core count , increasing power density , and increasing performance per watt .
Some of these trends may have been taken too far ; the power density of current Nehalem solutions is high enough to consume the power budgets of many datacenters in a fraction of their space , unnecessarily concentrating their cooling needs in a small area and leaving the rest of the center empty .
These days , silicon and power are more expensive than concrete and steel , and some offerings do n't adequately reflect this .
Meanwhile , the standard server is a comparatively unbalanced machine ; lots of computing power , memory , and network bandwidth concentrated into a few nodes with relatively little storage bandwidth or IOPS capacity .
Web serving and other database applications need little processor power to provide these functions , which can leave expensive Nehalem Xeon processors idling en masse .
Even for compute - intensive applications , a single OS instance is no longer enough to effectively use all the resources of a modern Nehalem server .
For these reasons among others , virtualization has rocked the server space over the last few years , with end - users adopting virtualization techniques en masse to meet their various needs .
In the Ars Server Room forum , virtualization skeptics are treated like creationist lunatics , so thoroughly has the relatively new technology proven adept , when properly used , of helping to resolve the resource problem above .
Our hypothetical database company , stricken with storage servers that have underutilized processing power , might virtualize instances of compute - intensive tasks onto these servers , allowing them to simultaneously fill a number of different roles , fluidly .
In this way , virtualization has made itself essential to the efficient use of the standard server , and this trend will only continue over time .
At the same time as it introduces a cost in the form of relatively unbalanced performance for many workloads , and the additional abstraction and load - balancing work needed to rectify this , the standard server also traps the buyer in a sandboxed marketplace of very high margins .
Consider the fact that the Xeon X5570 currently sells for almost three times the cost of a practically identical desktop processor , the Bloomfield Core i7 940 .
This difference can contribute upwards of one third the total cost of blade servers from large vendors , so anyone who can find a good way of using desktop and laptop components in the datacenter can make a great deal of money mining the margins .
Beyond processors , consumer hardware can offer other cost advantages , alleviating the need for server - class networking like Fibre , 10 GigE , and Infiniband by harnessing the " free first gigabit " offered by GigE .
SATA instead of SAS disks , and other such changes , can further lower costs .
At times in the past , it would have been lunacy to try to use consumer hardware for heavy datacenter workloads , because every available FLOP of per-node performance was dearly valuable .
The market has changed , though .
More and more applications are adopting a clustering , " scale - out " model , as software and network improvements better allow smaller nodes to cooperate at larger tasks .
The same forces that drove high - end x86 processors like Xeon to compete with other microarchitectures are now allowing other x86 processors to compete with Xeon .
It 's a good example of what has been called " IT consumerization . "
The server market is now wrapping up a transition to x86 from other architectures begun in the 1990s , primarily driven by the economies offered by x86's prevalence on the wider market .
In an extension of this process , the market may soon make another transition , this time to a closer - to - consumer segment in the x86 space , or at the least using the threat of this transition to force Intel and AMD to take lower margins in the server space .
Physicalization : the theory
The transition to smaller , closer - to - consumer - components servers with lower - power processors and single - socket designs , then , has several advantages , in theory .
It can :
Lower costs by using consumer components .
Rebalance the available performance in an I/O direction to be more suitable for loads like hosting and database apps
Reduce ( but not eliminate ) the need for virtualization , especially in the near term
Reverse , or at least halt , the trend of unnecessarily high - density servers exhausting power and cooling budgets in a small fraction of available rack space
Allow the datacenter to pack more independent servers into every rack unit , for easier marketing of " dedicated hardware " to Web hosting and other customers
The disadvantage is this : disaggregation is , if not a violation , an unorthodox use of Moore 's law .
As we 've covered before , there are good , grounded - in - physics - and - economics reasons why the die - level integration of a standard server , and its multicore design , will be cheaper to produce , and more power - efficient , than a physicalized alternative .
The standard server is standard for a reason : it 's got roughly the highest available performance per watt and manufacturing economy metrics .
Adventures in physicalization , then , will rest on attempts to efficiently serve those workloads which , like Web hosting , are not suited for the standard server , while emphasizing the cost advantages and finding ways to reduce the hit in performance per watt imposed by the lower level of integration .
Let 's take a look at the entrants so far , and at one novel entrant which is , thus far , hypothetical .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Israel is denying Palestinians access to even the basic minimum of clean , safe water , Amnesty International says .
In a report , the human rights group says Israeli water restrictions discriminate against Palestinians in the occupied West Bank .
Israel says the report is flawed and the Palestinians get more water than was agreed under the 1990s peace deal .
Heather Sharp reports from Jerusalem .
1. A - Holey Father Sighting
This sighting was first posted in late 2008 , but what the hell - it became viral in 2009 after appearing in Buzzfeed .
In fact Bill Maher used the story during his New Rules segment of an HBO Real Time With Bill Maher segment .
This picture is the benchmark for Jesus Christ Image sightings !
2. Lake Huron Rock Jesus
Said to be dredged from Lake Huron - this Rock looks more like a piece of driftwood with the image of Jesus
3. Coffee Mug Jesus
I do n't know if I would have drank out of this glass coffee mug .
But sadly , it appeared after " A Holey Father " and did n't garner any respect !
4 . The Kitchen Jesus Interesting image of Jesus - comparable with the candle illustration .
5. Marmite Jesus
What the heck is Marmite ?
And this image would scare me if I was going to eat this stuff !
6. Cheesus Jesus # 1
The year of Cheeto Jesus figures - Who looks for religious icons when eating snack foods ?
7. Cheesus Jesus # 2 See Cheesus Jesus # 1 - but it looks like # 2 and # 1 came from the same Cheeto mold !
8. Cheese Toast Jesus
I wonder what kind of of toaster oven this image brought forth from .
Kinda ' looks like an old style ashtray too !
9. Kit Kat Jesus A Jesus image in a candy bar ?
It 's not identifed whether its a super Kit Kat or regular !
No Twix image of Jesus was recorded this year !
10 . Maple Leaf Jesus
This magnified image of a maple leaf makes me wonder what really created that image ?
11 . Highway Boulder Jesus Notice the ridge on the right bottom of this picture - I wonder how many drivers were in awe of the Jesus Boulder and screwed up their tires !
12 . Pita Bread Jesus Pita Bread Jesus was posted on January 1 , 2009 , becoming the FIRST Jesus sighting of the past year !!
13 . Scorch Mark Jesus
This Jesus image is the latest image found this year by the media .
I wonder what the homemaker was ironing ?
14 . Wood Panel Jesus
This sighting has been made into a shrine -
What no candles ?
15 . Toilet Seat Jesus OK it 's not a toilet - but a sticker on a toilet - but it still is an image within a heart !
16 . Burger Grease Jesus Comments on this Jesus image - suggest that this could also be the Zig - Zag Man
17 . Curtain Jesus Look hard ... you too will see the image !
18 . Velvet Chair Jesus
This is just amazing .
Not red velvet , not black or blue velvet .
Brown velvet - could be mistaken for a viking .
But the media reported it !
19 . Planet Mars Jesus
You gotta look hard for this Jesus - but its there ..... right next to the waterfall !
20 . Kudzu Jesus
This could be the largest Jesus sighting of the year
21 . Hillside Jesus
The arrow is pointing to the Jesus .
It 's there .... really !
22 . Concrete Jesus
If you look hard enough you will see that it's the face of Jesus , not the back of his head !
23 . Floor Tile Jesus
Once again , the media uses a picture of Jesus to show this truly is an image of the Holy Father
If you own any shares in companies that produce reflecting telescopes , use differential and integral calculus , or rely on the laws of motion , I should start dumping them NOW .
The conspiracy behind the calculus myth has been suddenly , brutally and quite deliciously exposed after volumes of Newton ’s private correspondence were compiled and published .
When you read some of these letters , you realise just why Newton and his collaborators might have preferred to keep them confidential .
This scandal could well be the biggest in Renaissance science .
These alleged letters – supposedly exchanged by some of the most prominent scientists behind really hard math lessons – suggest :
conspiracy
collusion in covering up the truth
manipulation of data
private admissions of flaws in their public claims
and much more !
But perhaps the most damaging revelations are those concerning the way these math nerd scientists may variously have manipulated or suppressed evidence to support their cause .
Here are a few tasters .
They suggest dubious practices such as :
Conspiring to avoid public scrutiny :
There is nothing which I desire to avoid in matters of philosophy more then contentions , nor any kind of contention more then one in print : & therefore I gladly embrace your proposal of a private correspondence .
What ’s done before many witnesses is seldom without some further concern then that for truth : but what passes between friends in private usually deserve ye name of consultation rather then contest , & so I hope it will prove between you & me .
Newton to Hooke , 5 February 1676
Insulting dissenting scientists and equating them with holocaust deniers :
[ Hooks Considerations ] consist in ascribing an hypothesis to me which is not mine ; in asserting an hypothesis which as to ye principal parts of it is not against me ; in granting the greatest part of my discourse if explicated by that hypothesis ; & in denying some things the truth of which would have appeared by an experimental examination .
Newton to Oldenburg , 11 June 1672
Manipulation of evidence :
I wrote to you on Tuesday that the last leafe of the papers you sent me should be altered because it refers to a manuscript in my private custody & not yet upon record .
Newton to Keill , May 15 1674
Knowingly publishing scientific fraud :
You need not give yourself the trouble of examining all the calculations of the Scholium .
Such errors as do not depend upon wrong reasoning can be of no great consequence & may be corrected by the reader .
Newton to Cotes June 15 1710
Suppression of evidence :
Mr. Raphson has printed off four or five sheets of his History of Fluxions , but being shew’d Sr. Is .
Newton ( who , it seems , would rather have them write against him , than have a piece done in that manner in his favour ) , he got a Stop put to it , for some time at least .
Jones to Cotes , 17 September 1711
Abusing the peer review system :
… only the Germans and French have in a violent manner attack ’d the Philosophy of Sr. Is. Newton , and seem resolved to stand by Cartes ; Mr. Keil , as a person concerned , has undertaken to answer and defend some things , as Dr. Friend , and Dr. Mead , does ( in their way ) the rest : I would have sent you ye whole controversy , was not I sure that you know , those only are most capable of objecting against his writings , that least understand them ; however , in a little time , you ’ll see some of these in ye Philos .
Transact .
Jones to Cotes , October 25 1711
Insulting their critics :
The controversy concerning Sr. Isaac ’s Philosophy is a piece of news that I had not heard of unless Muys ’s late book be meant .
I think that Philosophy needs no defence , especially when tis attack’t by Cartesians .
One Mr Green a Fellow of Clare Hall in our University seems to have nearly the same design with those German & French objectors whom you mention .
His book is now in our press & is almost finished .
I am told he will add an appendix in which he undertakes also to square the circle .
I need not recommend his performance any further to you .
Cotes to Jones , November 11 1711
Gravity does not extend so far from Earth that it can be the force holding the moon to its orbit ; school students are increasingly reluctant to practice differential equations , that will only lead to the practice of more oppressive forms of higher math ; the tide is turning against over - regulation , like Newton ’s “ laws ” of motion and Universal Gravitation .
The so called ‘ Cartesian ’ , ‘ skeptical ’ view is now also the majority view .
Unfortunately we ’ve a long way to go before the public mood ( and scientific truth ) is reflected by our policy makers .
There are too many vested interests in classical mechanics , with far too much to lose either in terms of reputation or money , for this to end without a bitter fight .
But if the Newton / Royal Society mail scandal is true , it is a blow to the Renaissance lobby ’s credibility which is never likely to recover .
Resources :
Real Climate on the CRU hack
Greenfyre ’s overview of Climategate
Tags : Climategate , CRU hack , Newton , Newtongate
The gate - way to the Management programme at IIBS , the Management Orientation Module ( MOM ) was an enriching experience which helped me in figuring out my weakness and turn it into my strength .
It has ignited me to overcome my bias and set - up a goal .
In my view , IIBS is a kingdom of wisdom and a place of diversity .
Sk. Ashfaque Ahmed
The college provides the best management courses in the most ambient manner .
The team of faculty is very caring , Most of the time they motivate us in the sessions .
They keep encouraging us to do something new and innovative .
The llBS finishing school helps develop our personalities and groom us to make us corporate fit .
So from my opinion , I will suggest all go for IIBS .
It 's the only institution that believes in building a personality integrated with academics .
Sarika Gujjar
On the Relation of a General Mechanical Theorem to the Second Law of Thermodynamics ( Über die Beziehung eines allgemeine mechanischen Satzes zum zweiten Hauptsätze der Wärmetheorie , Sitzungsberichte Akad .
Wiss. , Vienna , part II , 75 , 67-73 ( 1877 ) ; English trans , Stephen Brush , Kinetic Theory , vol.2 , p.188 ) SUMMARY
Loschmidt has pointed out that according to the laws of mechanics , a system of particles interacting with any force law , which has gone through a sequence of states starting from some specified initial conditions , will go through the same sequence in reverse and return to its initial state if one reverses the velocities of all the particles .
This fact seems to cast doubt on the possibility of giving a purely mechanical proof of the second law of thermodynamics , which asserts that for any such sequence of states the entropy must always increase .
Since the entropy would decrease as the system goes through this sequence in reverse , we see that the fact that entropy actually increases in all physical processes in our own world cannot be deduced solely from the nature of the forces acting between the particles , but must be a consequence of the initial conditions .
Nevertheless , we do not have to assume a special type of initial condition in order to give a mechanical proof of the second law , if we are willing to accept a statistical viewpoint .
While any individual non-uniform state ( corresponding to low entropy ) has the same probability as any individual uniform state ( corresponding to high entropy ) , there are many more uniform states than non-uniform states .
Consequently , if the initial state is chosen at random , the system is almost certain to evolve into a uniform state , and entropy is almost certain to increase .
( Über die Beziehung eines allgemeine mechanischen Satzes zum zweiten Hauptsätze der Wärmetheorie , Sitzungsberichte Akad .
Wiss. , Vienna , part II , 75 , 67-73 ( 1877 ) ; English trans , Stephen Brush , Kinetic Theory , vol.2 , p.188 )
In his memoir on the state of thermal equilibrium of a system of bodies with regard to gravity , Loschmidt has stated a theorem that casts doubt on the possibility of a purely mechanical proof of the second law .
Since it seems to me to be quite ingenious and of great significance for the correct understanding of the second law , yet in the cited memoir it has appeared in a more philosophical garb , so that many physicists will find it rather difficult to understand , I will try to restate it here .
In his memoir on the state of thermal equilibrium of a system of bodies with regard to gravity , Loschmidt has stated a theorem that casts doubt on the possibility of a purely mechanical proof of the second law .
Since it seems to me to be quite ingenious and of great significance for the correct understanding of the second law , yet in the cited memoir it has appeared in a more philosophical garb , so that many physicists will find it rather difficult to understand , I will try to restate it here .
If we wish to give a purely mechanical proof that all natural processes take place in such a way that ∫ dQ/ T ≤ 0 dQ/ T ≤ 0 ∫ dQ/T ≤ 0 dQ/T ≤ 0 ∫ dQ/T ≤ 0 dQ/T ≤ 0 ∫ dQ/T ≥ 0 dQ/T ≥ 0 1 has elapsed .
We now take , in place of the original initial conditions , the following : all the material points1 shall have the same initial positions at time zero that they had after time t 1 with the original initial conditions , and the same velocities but in the opposite directions .
For brevity we shall call this state the one opposite to that previously found at time t 1 .
If we wish to give a purely mechanical proof that all natural processes take place in such a way thatthen we must assume the body to be an aggregate of material points .
We take the force acting between these points to be a function of the relative positions of the points .
When this force is known as a function of these relative positions , we shall say that the law of action of the force is known .
In order to calculate the actual motion of the points , and therefore the state variations of the body , we must know also the initial positions and initial velocities of all the points .
We say that the initial conditions must be given .
If one tries to prove the second law mechanically , he always tries to deduce it from the nature of the law of action of the force without reference to the initial conditions , which are unknown .
One therefore seeks to prove that -- whatever may be the initial conditions — the state variations of the body will always take place in such a way that We now assume that we are given a certain body as an aggregate of certain material points .
The initial conditions at time zero shall be such that the body undergoes state variations for whichWe shall show that then , without changing the law of force , other initial conditions can be found for which conversely Consider the positions and velocities of all the points after an arbitrary time thas elapsed .
We now take , in place of the original initial conditions , the following : all the material pointsshall have the same initial positions at time zero that they had after time twith the original initial conditions , and the same velocities but in the opposite directions .
For brevity we shall call this state the one opposite to that previously found at time t
It is clear that the points will pass through the same states as before but in the reverse order .
The initial state which they had previously had at time zero , will now be reached after time t 1 has elapsed .
Whereas previously we found ∫ dQ/ T ≤ 0 dQ/ T ≤ 0 2 . The fact that this integral is actually 0 for all processes in the world in which we live ( as experience shows ) is not due to the nature of the forces , but rather to the initial conditions .
If , at time zero , the state of all material points in the universe were just the opposite of that which actually occurs at a much later time t 1 , then the course of all events between times t 1 and zero would be reversed , so that ∫ dQ/ T ≥ 0 dQ/ T ≥ 0 ∫ dQ/T ≤ 0 dQ / T ≤ 0
It is clear that the points will pass through the same states as before but in the reverse order .
The initial state which they had previously had at time zero , will now be reached after time thas elapsed .
Whereas previously we foundthis quantity is now ≥
0 .
The sign of this integral therefore does not depend on the force law but rather only on the initial conditions .
The fact that this integral is actually 0 for all processes in the world in which we live ( as experience shows ) is not due to the nature of the forces , but rather to the initial conditions .
If , at time zero , the state of all material points in the universe were just the opposite of that which actually occurs at a much later time t , then the course of all events between times tand zero would be reversed , so that Thus any attempt to prove from the nature of bodies and of the the force law , without taking account of initial conditions , thatmust necessarily be futile .
One sees that this conclusion has great seductiveness and that one must call it an interesting sophism .
In order to locate the source of the fallacy in this argument , we shall imagine a system of a finite number of material points which does not interact with the rest of the universe .
We imagine a large but not infinite number of absolutely elastic spheres , which move in a closed container whose walls are completely rigid and likewise absolutely elastic .
No external forces act on our spheres .
Suppose that at time zero the distribution of spheres in the container is not uniform ; for example , suppose that the density of spheres is greater on the right than on the left , and that the ones in the upper part move faster than those in the lower , and so forth .
The sophism now consists in saying that , without reference to the initial conditions , it cannot be proved that the spheres will become uniformly mixed in the course of time .
For the initial conditions which we originally assumed , the spheres will be almost always uniform at time t 1 , for example .
We can then choose in place of the original initial conditions the distribution of states which is just the opposite of the one which would occur ( in consequence of the original initial conditions ) after time t 1 has elapsed .
Then the spheres would sort themselves out as time progresses , and at time t 1 they would acquire a completely nonuniform distribution of states , even though the initial distribution of states was almost uniform .
We imagine a large but not infinite number of absolutely elastic spheres , which move in a closed container whose walls are completely rigid and likewise absolutely elastic .
No external forces act on our spheres .
Suppose that at time zero the distribution of spheres in the container is not uniform ; for example , suppose that the density of spheres is greater on the right than on the left , and that the ones in the upper part move faster than those in the lower , and so forth .
The sophism now consists in saying that , without reference to the initial conditions , it cannot be proved that the spheres will become uniformly mixed in the course of time .
For the initial conditions which we originally assumed , the spheres will be almost always uniform at time t , for example .
We can then choose in place of the original initial conditions the distribution of states which is just the opposite of the one which would occur ( in consequence of the original initial conditions ) after time thas elapsed .
Then the spheres would sort themselves out as time progresses , and at time tthey would acquire a completely nonuniform distribution of states , even though the initial distribution of states was almost uniform .
We must make the following remark : a proof , that after a certain time t 1 the spheres must necessarily be mixed uniformly , whatever may be the initial distribution of states , cannot be given .
This is in fact a consequence of probability theory , for any nonuniform distribution of states , no matter how improbable it may be , is still not absolutely impossible .
Indeed it is clear that any individual uniform distribution , which might arise after a certain time from some particular initial state , is just as improbable as an individual non-uniform distribution ; just as in the game of Lotto , any individual set of five numbers is as improbable as the set 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 .
It is only because there are many more uniform distributions than non-uniform ones that the distribution of states will become uniform in the course of time .
One therefore cannot prove that , whatever may be the positions and velocities of the spheres at the beginning , the distribution must become uniform after a long time ; rather one can only prove that infinitely many more initial states will lead to a uniform one after a definite length of time than to a non-uniform one .
Loschmidt 's theorem tells us only about initial states which actually lead to a very non-uniform distribution of states after a certain time t 1 ; but it does not prove that there are not infinitely many more initial conditions that will lead to a uniform distribution after the same time .
On the contrary , it follows from the theorem itself that , since there are infinitely many more uniform than non-uniform distributions , the number of states which lead to uniform distributions after a certain time t 1 is much greater than the number that leads to non-uniform ones , and the latter are the ones that must be chosen , according to Loschmidt , in order to obtain a non-uniform distribution at t 1 .
We must make the following remark : a proof , that after a certain time tthe spheres must necessarily be mixed uniformly , whatever may be the initial distribution of states , cannot be given .
This is in fact a consequence of probability theory , for any nonuniform distribution of states , no matter how improbable it may be , is still not absolutely impossible .
Indeed it is clear that any individual uniform distribution , which might arise after a certain time from some particular initial state , is just as improbable as an individual non-uniform distribution ; just as in the game of Lotto , any individual set of five numbers is as improbable as the set 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 .
It is only because there are many more uniform distributions than non-uniform ones that the distribution of states will become uniform in the course of time .
One therefore cannot prove that , whatever may be the positions and velocities of the spheres at the beginning , the distribution must become uniform after a long time ; rather one can only prove that infinitely many more initial states will lead to a uniform one after a definite length of time than to a non-uniform one .
Loschmidt 's theorem tells us only about initial states which actually lead to a very non-uniform distribution of states after a certain time t ; but it does not prove that there are not infinitely many more initial conditions that will lead to a uniform distribution after the same time .
On the contrary , it follows from the theorem itself that , since there are infinitely many more uniform than non-uniform distributions , the number of states which lead to uniform distributions after a certain time tis much greater than the number that leads to non-uniform ones , and the latter are the ones that must be chosen , according to Loschmidt , in order to obtain a non-uniform distribution at t
One could even calculate , from the relative numbers of the different state distributions , their probabilities , which might lead to an interesting method for the calculation of thermal equilibrium .
In just the same way one can treat the second law .
It is only in some special cases that it can be proved that , when a system goes over from a non-uniform to a uniform distribution of states , then ∫dQ/ T will be negative , whereas it is positive in the opposite case .
Since there are infinitely many more uniform than non-uniform distributions of states , the latter case is extraordinarily improbable and can be considered impossible for practical purposes ; just as it may be considered impossible that if one starts with oxygen and nitrogen mixed in a container , after a month one will find chemically pure oxygen in the lower half and nitrogen in the upper half , although according to probability theory this is merely very improbable but not impossible .
One could even calculate , from the relative numbers of the different state distributions , their probabilities , which might lead to an interesting method for the calculation of thermal equilibrium .
In just the same way one can treat the second law .
It is only in some special cases that it can be proved that , when a system goes over from a non-uniform to a uniform distribution of states , thendQ / T will be negative , whereas it is positive in the opposite case .
Since there are infinitely many more uniform than non-uniform distributions of states , the latter case is extraordinarily improbable and can be considered impossible for practical purposes ; just as it may be considered impossible that if one starts with oxygen and nitrogen mixed in a container , after a month one will find chemically pure oxygen in the lower half and nitrogen in the upper half , although according to probability theory this is merely very improbable but not impossible .
Nevertheless Loschmidt 's theorem seems to me to be of the greatest importance , since it shows how intimately connected are the second law and probability theory , whereas the first law is independent of it .
In all cases where ∫dQ / T can be negative , there is also an individual very improbable initial condition for which it may be positive ; and the proof that it is almost always positive can only be carried out by means of probability theory .
It seems to me that for closed paths of the atom , ∫dQ / T must always be zero , which can therefore be proved independently of probability theory .
For unclosed paths it can also be negative .
I will mention here a peculiar consequence of Loschmidt 's theorem , namely that when we follow the state of the world into the infinitely distant past , we are actually just as correct in taking it to be very probable that we would reach a state in which all temperature differences have disappeared , as we would be in following the state of the world into the distant future .
This would be similar to the following case : if we know that in a gas at a certain time there is a non-uniform distribution of states , and that the gas has been in the same container without external disturbance for a very long time , then we must conclude that much earlier the distribution of states was uniform and that the rare case occurred that it gradually became non-uniform .
In other words : any non-uniform distribution evolves into an almost uniform one after a long time t 1 .
The one opposite to this latter one evolves , after the same time t 1 , into the initial non-uniform one ( more precisely , into the opposite of it ) .
The distribution opposite to the initial one would however , if chosen as an initial distribution , likewise evolve into a uniform distribution after time t 1 .
Nevertheless Loschmidt 's theorem seems to me to be of the greatest importance , since it shows how intimately connected are the second law and probability theory , whereas the first law is independent of it .
In all cases wheredQ / T can be negative , there is also an individual very improbable initial condition for which it may be positive ; and the proof that it is almost always positive can only be carried out by means of probability theory .
It seems to me that for closed paths of the atom , dQ / T must always be zero , which can therefore be proved independently of probability theory .
For unclosed paths it can also be negative .
I will mention here a peculiar consequence of Loschmidt 's theorem , namely that when we follow the state of the world into the infinitely distant past , we are actually just as correct in taking it to be very probable that we would reach a state in which all temperature differences have disappeared , as we would be in following the state of the world into the distant future .
This would be similar to the following case : if we know that in a gas at a certain time there is a non-uniform distribution of states , and that the gas has been in the same container without external disturbance for a very long time , then we must conclude that much earlier the distribution of states was uniform and that the rare case occurred that it gradually became non-uniform .
In other words : any non-uniform distribution evolves into an almost uniform one after a long time t.
The one opposite to this latter one evolves , after the same time t , into the initial non-uniform one ( more precisely , into the opposite of it ) .
The distribution opposite to the initial one would however , if chosen as an initial distribution , likewise evolve into a uniform distribution after time t
If perhaps this reduction of the second law to the realm of probability makes its application to the entire universe appear dubious , yet the laws of probability theory are confirmed by all experiments carried out in the laboratory .
If perhaps this reduction of the second law to the realm of probability makes its application to the entire universe appear dubious , yet the laws of probability theory are confirmed by all experiments carried out in the laboratory .
See also Boltzmann 's For Teachers Noesis
Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy
Wikipedia
For Scholars Boltzmann and Statistical Physics
From Part I , Introduction , The Kinetic Theory of Gases , 1895 ( 1964 ) , pp.27-30 ( tr. Stephen G. Brush )
Whence comes the ancient view , that the body does not fill space continuously in the mathematical sense , but rather it consists of discrete molecules , unobservable because of their small size .
For this view there are philosophical reasons .
An actual continuum must consist of an infinite number of parts ; but an infinite number is undefinable .
Furthermore , in assuming a continuum one must take the partial differential equations for the properties themselves as initially given .
However , it is desirable to distinguish the partial differential equations , which can be subjected to empirical tests , from their mechanical foundations ( as Hertz emphasized in particular for the theory of electricity ) .
Thus the mechanical foundations of the partial differential equations , when based on the coming and going of smaller particles , with restricted average values , gain greatly in plausibility ; and up to now no other mechanical explanation of natural phenomena except atomism has been successful .
A real discontinuity of bodies is moreover established by numerous , and moreover quantitatively agreeing , facts .
Atomism is especially indispensable for the clarification of the facts of chemistry and crystallography .
The mechanical analogy between the facts of any science and the symmetry relations of discrete particles pertains to those most essential features which will outlast all our changing ideas about them , even though the latter may themselves be regarded as established facts .
Thus already today the hypothesis that the stars are huge bodies millions of miles away is similarly viewed only as a mechanical analogy for the representation of the action of the sun and the faint visual perceptions arising from the other heavenly bodies , which could also be criticized on the grounds that it replaces the world of our sense perceptions by a world of imaginary objects , and that anyone could just as well replace this imaginary world by another one without changing the observable facts .
I hope to prove in the following that the mechanical analogy between the facts on which the second law of thermodynamics is based , and the statistical laws of motion of gas molecules , is also more than a mere superficial resemblance .
The question of the utility of atomistic representations is of course completely unaffected by the fact , emphasized by Kirchhoff , that our theories have the same relation to nature as signs to significates , for example as letters to sounds , or notes to tones .
It is likewise unaffected by the question of whether it is not more useful to call theories simply descriptions , in order to remind ourselves of their relation to nature .
The question is really whether bare differential equations or atomistic ideas will eventually be established as complete descriptions of phenomena .
Once one concedes that the appearance of a continuum is more clearly understood by assuming the presence of a large number of adjacent discrete particles , assumed to obey the laws of mechanics , then he is led to the further assumption that heat is a permanent motion of molecules .
Then these must be held in their relative positions by forces , whose origin one can imagine if he wishes .
But all forces that act on the visible body but not equally on all the molecules must produce motion of the molecules relative to each other , and because of the indestructibility of kinetic energy these motions cannot stop but must continue indefinitely .
In fact , experience teaches that as soon as the force acts equally on all parts of a body — as for example in so - called free fall — all the kinetic energy becomes visible .
In all other cases , we have a loss of visible kinetic energy , and hence creation of heat .
The view offers itself that there is a resulting motion of molecules among themselves , which we cannot see because we do not see individual molecules , but which however is transmitted to our nerves by contact , and thus creates the sensation of heat .
It always moves from bodies whose molecules move rapidly to those whose molecules move more slowly , and because of the indestructibility of kinetic energy it behaves like a substance , as long as it is not transformed into visible kinetic energy or work .
We do not know the nature of the force that holds the molecules of a solid body in their relative positions , whether it is action at a distance or is transmitted through a medium , and we do not know how it is affected by thermal motion .
Since it resists compression as much as it resists dilatation , we can obviously get it rather rough picture by assuming that in a solid body each molecule has a rest position .
If it approaches a neighboring molecule it is repelled by it , but if it moves farther away there is an attraction .
Consequently , thermal motion first sets a molecule into pendulum - like oscillations in straight or elliptical paths around its rest position A ( in the symbolic Fig. 1 , the centers of gravity of the molecules are indicated ) .
If it moves to A ' , the neighboring molecules B and C repel it , while D and E attract it and hence bring it back to its original rest position .
If each molecule vibrates around a fixed rest position , the body will have a fixed form ; it is in the solid state of aggregation .
The only consequence of the thermal motion is that the rest positions of the molecules will be somewhat pushed apart , and the body will expand somewhat .
However , when the thermal motion becomes more rapid , one gets to the point where a molecule can squeeze between its two neighbors and move from A to A " ( Fig. 1 ) .
It will no longer then be pulled back to its old rest position , but it can instead remain where it is .
When this happens to many molecules , they will crawl among each other like earthworms , and the body is molten .
Although one may find this description rather crude and childish , it may be modified later and the apparent repulsive force may turn out to be a direct consequence of the motion .
In any case , one will allow that when the motions of the molecules increase beyond a definite limit , individual molecules on the surface of the body can be torn off and must fly out freely into space ; the body evaporates .
If it is in an enclosed vessel , then this will be filled with freely moving molecules , and these can occasionally penetrate into the body again ; as soon as the number of recondensing molecules is , on the average , equal to the number of evaporating ones , one says that the vessel is saturated with the vapor of the body in question .
A sufficiently large enclosed space , in which only such freely moving molecules are found , provides a picture of a gas .
If no external forces act on the molecules , these move most of the time like bullets shot from guns in straight lines with constant velocity .
Only when a molecule passes very near to another one , or to the wall of the vessel , does it deviate from its rectilinear path .
The pressure of the gas is interpreted as the action of these molecules against the wall of the container .
From Part I , Introduction , The Kinetic Theory of Gases , 1895 ( 1964 ) , pp.27-30 ( tr. Stephen G. Brush ) From Part II , Chapter VII , The Kinetic Theory of Gases , 1898 ( 1964 ) , pp.441-449 ( tr. Stephen G. Brush ) § 87 .
Characterization of our assumption about the initial state .
When a gas is enclosed in a rigid container , and initially one part of it has a visible motion with respect to the rest , then it soon comes to rest as a consequence of viscosity .
When two kinds of gas are initially unmixed , but in contact with each other , then they mix , even if the lighter one was originally on top .
In general , when a gas or a system of several kinds of gas has initially some improbable state , then it passes to the most probable state under the given external conditions , and remains there during all observable later times .
In order to prove that this is a necessary consequence of the kinetic theory of gases , we used the quantity H defined and discussed in this chapter .
We proved that it continually decreases as a result of the motion of the gas molecules among each other .
The one - sidedness of this process is clearly not based on the equations of motion of the molecules .
For these do not change when the time changes its sign .
This one - sidedness rather lies uniquely and solely in the initial conditions .
This is not to be understood in the sense that for each experiment one must specially assume just certain initial conditions and not the opposite ones which are likewise possible ; rather it is sufficient to have a uniform basic assumption about the initial properties of the mechanical picture of the world , from which it , then follows with logical necessity that , when bodies are always interacting , they must always be found in the correct initial conditions .
In particular , our theory does not require that each time when bodies are interacting , the initial state of the system they form must be distinguished by a special property ( ordered or improbable ) which relatively few states of the same mechanical system would have under the external mechanical conditions in question .
Hereby the fact is clarified that this system takes in the course of time states which do not have these properties , and which one calls disordered .
Since by far most of the states of the system are disordered , one calls the latter the probable states .
The ordered initial states are not related to the disordered ones in the way that a definite state is to the opposite state ( arising from the mere reversal of the directions of all velocities ) , but rather the state opposite to each ordered state is again an ordered state .
The self - regulating most probable state — which we call the Maxwell velocity distribution since Maxwell first found its mathematical expression in a special case — is not some kind of special singular state which is contrasted to infinitely many more non-Maxwellian distributions .
Rather it is , on the contrary , characterized by the fact that by far the largest number of possible states have the characteristic properties of the Maxwell distribution , and compared to this number , the number of possible velocity distributions which significantly deviate from the Maxwellian is vanishingly small .
The criterion of equal possibility or equal probability is provided by Liouville 's theorem .
In order to explain the fact that the calculations based on this assumption correspond to actually observable processes , one must assume that an enormously complicated mechanical system represents a good picture of the world , and that all or at least most of the parts of it surrounding us are initially in a very ordered — therefore very improbable — state .
When this is the case , then whenever two or more small parts of it come into interaction with each other , the system formed by these parts is also initially in an ordered state , and when left to itself it rapidly proceeds to the disordered most probable state . § 88 .
On the return of a system to a former state .
We make the following remarks : 1 . It is by no means the sign of the time which constitutes the characteristic difference between an ordered and a disordered state .
If , in the " initial states " of the mechanical picture of the world , one reverses the directions of all velocities , without changing their magnitudes or the positions of the parts of the system ; if , as it were , one follows the states of the system backwards in time , then he would likewise first have an improbable state , and then reach ever more probable states .
Only in those periods of time during which the system passes from a very improbable initial state to a more probable later state do the states change in the positive time direction differently than in the negative .
2 . The transition from an ordered to a disordered state is only extremely improbable .
Also , the reverse transition has a definite calculable ( though inconceivably small ) probability , which approaches zero only in the limiting case when the number of molecules is infinite .
The fact that a closed system of a finite number of molecules , when it is initially in an ordered state and then goes over to a disordered state , finally after an inconceivably long time must again return to the ordered state , * is therefore not a refutation but rather indeed a confirmation of our theory .
* H. Poincare , Acta Math. 13 , 67 ( 1890 ) ; E. Zermelo , Ann. Phys. [ 31 57 , 485 ( 1896 ) .
One should not however imagine that two gases in a 1/10 liter container , initially unmixed , will mix , then again after a few days , separate , then mix again , and so forth .
On the contrary , one finds by the same principles which I used * for a * Ann. Phys. [ 3 ] 57 , 783 ( 1896 ) .
similar calculation that , not until after a time enormously long compared to 101010 years will there be any noticeable unmixing of the gases .
One may recognize that this is practically equivalent to never , if one recalls that in this length of time , according to the laws of probability , there will have been many years in which every inhabitant of a large country committed suicide , purely by accident , on the same day , or every building burned down at the same time — yet the insurance companies get along quite well by ignoring the possibility of such events .
If a much smaller probability than this is not practically equivalent to impossibility , then no one can be sure that today will be followed by a night and then a day .
* Ann. Phys. [ 3 ] 57 , 783 ( 1896 ) .
We have looked mainly at processes in gases and have calculated the function H for this case .
Yet the laws of probability that govern atomic motion in the solid and liquid states are clearly not qualitatively different in this respect from those for gases , so that the calculation of the function H corresponding to the entropy would not be more difficult in principle , although to be sure it would involve greater mathematical difficulties .
§ 89 .
Relation to the second law of thermodynamics .
If therefore we conceive of the world as an enormously large mechanical system composed of an enormously large number of atoms , which starts from a completely ordered initial state , and even at present is still in a substantially ordered state , then we obtain consequences which actually agree with the observed facts ; although this conception involves , from a purely theoretical — I might say philosophical — standpoint , certain new aspects which contradict general thermodynamics based on a purely phenomenological viewpoint .
General thermodynamics proceeds from the fact that , as far as we can tell from our experience up to now , all natural processes are irreversible .
Hence according to the principles of phenomenology , the general thermodynamics of the second law is formulated in such a way that the unconditional irreversibility of all natural processes is asserted as a so - called axiom , just as general physics based on a purely phenomenological standpoint asserts the unconditional divisibility of matter without limit as an axiom .
Just as the differential equations of elasticity theory and hydrodynamics based on this latter axiom will always remain the basis of the phenomenological description of a large group of natural phenomena , since they provide the simplest approximate expression of the facts , so likewise will the formulas of general thermodynamics .
No one who has fallen in love with the molecular theory will approve of its being given up completely .
But the opposite extreme , the dogma of a self - sufficient phenomenology , is also to be avoided .
Just as the differential equations represent simply a mathematical method for calculation , whose clear meaning can only be understood by the use of models which employ a large finite number of elements , 1 so likewise general thermodynamics ( without prejudice to its unshakable importance ) also requires the cultivation of mechanical models representing it , in order to deepen our knowledge of nature — not in spite of , but rather precisely because these models do not always cover the same ground as general thermodynamics , but instead offer a glimpse of a new viewpoint .
Thus general thermodynamics holds fast to the invariable irreversibility of all natural processes .
It assumes a function ( the entropy ) whose value can only change in one direction — for example , can only increase — through any occurrence in nature .
Thus it distinguishes any later state of the world from any earlier state by its larger value of the entropy .
The difference of the entropy from its maximum value — which is the goal [ Treibende ] of all natural processes — will always decrease .
In spite of the invariance of the total energy , its transformability will therefore become ever smaller , natural events will become ever more dull and uninteresting , and any return to a previous value of the entropy is excluded .
2 1 Boltzmann , Die Unentbehrlichkeit der Atomistik i.d. Naturwissenschaft .
Wien. Ber. 105 ( 2 ) 907 ( 1896 ) ; Ann. Phys. [ 31 60 , 231 ( 1897 ) .
Ueber die Frage nach der Existent der Vorgange in der unbelebten Natur , Wien. Ber. 106 ( 2 ) 83 ( 1897 ) .
2 W. Thomson ( Lord Kelvin ) ,
On a universal tendency in nature to the dissipation of mechanical energy , Proc. R. S. Edinburgh 3 , 139 ( 1852 ) , and later papers by many authors , too numerous to cite .
For the generalized " dissipation of energy " version of the second law , see F. O. Koenig ,
On the history of science and of the second law of thermodynamics , p. 57 in Men and Moments in the History of Science , ed. H. M. Evans ( Seattle : University of Washington Press , 1959 ) , and other articles cited therein .
One cannot assert that this consequence contradicts our experience , for indeed it seems to be a plausible extrapolation of our present knowledge of the world .
Yet , with all due recognition to the caution which must be observed in going beyond the direct consequences of experience , it must be granted that these consequences are hardly satisfactory , and the discovery of a satisfactory way of avoiding them would be very desirable , whether one may imagine time as infinite or as a closed cycle .
In any case , we would rather consider the unique directionality of time given to us by experience as a mere illusion arising from our specially restricted viewpoint .
§ 90 .
Application to the universe .
Is the apparent irreversibility of all known natural processes consistent with the idea that all natural events are possible without restriction ?
Is the apparent unidirectionality of time consistent with the infinite extent or cyclic nature of time ?
He who tries to answer these questions in the affirmative sense must use as a model of the world a system whose temporal variation is determined by equations in which the positive and negative directions of time are equivalent , and by means of which the appearance of irreversibility over long periods of time is explicable by some special assumption .
But this is precisely what happens in the atomic view of the world .
One can think of the world as a mechanical system of an enormously large number of constituents , and of an immensely long period of time , so that the dimensions of that part containing our own " fixed stars " are minute compared to the extension of the universe ; and times that we call eons are likewise minute compared to such a period .
Then in the universe , which is in thermal equilibrium throughout and therefore dead , there will occur here and there relatively small regions of the same size as our galaxy ( we call them single worlds ) which , during the relative short time of eons , fluctuate noticeably from thermal equilibrium , and indeed the state probability in such cases will be equally likely to increase or decrease .
For the universe , the two directions of time are indistinguishable , just as in space there is no up or down .
However , just as at a particular place on the earth 's surface we call " down " the direction toward the center of the earth , so will a living being in a particular time interval of such a single world distinguish the direction of time toward the less probable state from the opposite direction ( the former toward the past , the latter toward the future ) .
By virtue of this terminology , such small isolated regions of the universe will always find themselves " initially " in an improbable state .
This method seems to me to be the only way in which one can understand the second law — the heat death of each single world — without a unidirectional change of the entire universe from a definite initial state to a final state .
Obviously no one would consider such speculations as important discoveries or even — as did the ancient philosophers — as the highest purpose of science .
However it is doubtful that one should despise them as completely idle .
Who knows whether they may not broaden the horizon of our circle of ideas , and by stimulating thought , advance the understanding of the facts of experience ?
That in nature the transition from a probable to an improbable state does not take place as often as the converse , can be explained by assuming a very improbable initial state of the entire universe surrounding us , in consequence of which an arbitrary system of interacting bodies will in general find itself initially in an improbable state .
However , one may object that here and there a transition from a probable to an improbable state must occur and occasionally be observed .
To this the cosmological considerations just presented give an answer .
From the numerical data on the inconceivably great rareness of transition from a probable to a less probable state in observable dimensions during an observable time , we see that such a process within what we have called an individual world — in particular , our individual world — is so unlikely that its observability is excluded .
In the entire universe , the aggregate of all individual worlds , there will however in fact occur processes going in the opposite direction .
But the beings who observe such processes will simply reckon time as proceeding from the less probable to the more probable states , and it will never be discovered whether they reckon time differently from us , since they are separated from us by eons of time and spatial distances 101010 times the distance of Sirius — and moreover their language has no relation to ours .* *
For further discussion see H. Reichenbach , The Direction of Time ( Berkeley and Los Angeles : University of California Press , 1956 ) .
Very well , you may smile at this ; but you must admit that the model of the world developed here is at least a possible one , free of inner contradiction , and also a useful one , since it provides us with many new viewpoints .
It also gives an incentive , not only to speculation , but also to experiments ( for example on the limit of divisibility , the size of the sphere of action , and the resulting deviations from the equations of hydrodynamics , diffusion , and heat conduction ) which are not stimulated by any other theory .
§ 91 .
Application of the probability calculus in molecular physics .
Doubts have been expressed as to the permissibility of the applications made of the probability calculus to this subject .
Since however the probability calculus has been verified in so many special cases , I see no reason why it should not also be applied to natural processes of a more general kind .
The applicability of the probability calculus to the molecular motion in gases cannot of course be rigorously deduced from the differential equations for the motion of the molecules .
It follows rather from the great number of the gas molecules and the length of their paths , by virtue of which the properties of the position in the gas where a molecule undergoes a collision are completely independent of the place where it collided the previous time .
This independence is of course attained only for a finite number of gas molecules during an arbitrarily long time .
For a finite number of molecules in a rigid container with completely smooth walls it is never completely exact , so that the Maxwell velocity distribution cannot hold throughout all time .
In practice , however , the walls are continually undergoing perturbations , which will destroy the periodicity resulting from the finite number of molecules .
In any case , the applicability of probability theory to gas theory is not refuted but rather is confirmed by the periodicity of motion of a finite closed system in the course of eons of time , and since it leads to a model of the world which not only agrees with experience but also stimulates speculations and experiments , it should be retained in gas theory .
Moreover we see that the probability calculus plays yet another role in physics .
The calculation of errors by Gauss 's famous method is confirmed in purely physical processes , like the calculation of insurance premiums for statistical ones .
We have to thank the laws of probability for the fact that in an orchestra the sounds regularly reinforce each other in unison rather than cancelling out by interference ; and the same laws also clarify the nature of unpolarized light .
Since today it is popular to look forward to the time when our view of nature will have been completely changed , I will mention the possibility that the fundamental equations for the motion of individual molecules will turn out to be only approximate formulas which give average values , resulting according to the probability calculus from the interactions of many independent moving entities forming the surrounding medium — as for example in meteorology the laws are valid only for average values obtained by long series of observations using the probability calculus .
These entities must of course be so numerous and must act so rapidly that the correct average values are attained in millionths of a second .
From Part II , Chapter VII , The Kinetic Theory of Gases , 1898 ( 1964 ) , pp.441-449 ( tr. Stephen G. Brush ) Normal | Teacher | Scholar See also Boltzmann 's responses to Zermelo
by
3D Games and Graphics on Android So Far
For the longest time , the vast majority of games available on mobile phones were as basic as can be .
With only two dimensional , low bit graphics , they were sometimes not even playable or enjoyable .
These limits were usually set due to the small processing power available on a mobile phone .
Even though phones have seen a fair amount of technological advances , often the phones would be limited to two dimensional graphics , limiting their appeal more than a few times .
The Google Android in particular did not see enough of an advance in technology until recently .
Now a few three dimensional games are beginning to pop up that can be played on the Android , which is a great breakthrough for the mobile gamer who just needed to have Google ’s phone .
G1 ?
Here are two videos from the next Android generation
3D Gaming on Android
Motorola Droid 3D Graphics
Here is my review of my favorited Android 3d games .
The first of these great three dimensional games to try out goes by the name 3D Cube Race .
Developed by ESC Mobile , the purpose is for the player to guide a plane through various different levels .
The levels contain 3D cubes that use the Android ’s built in internal accelerometer , which is the device that indicates displaying an image in portrait layout when the Android is held right side up , and in landscape layout when turned to its side .
ESC made a great use of the accelerometer , nailing the control very well and providing an outstanding sample of the Android ’s abilities .
It is currently available from the Android market for 1 GBP .
Cube Race for Android
Classic Cube Runner game for Android by ESC Mobile .
Fly through 3D cubes in the field !
Seriously fun runner game !
* Online Hall of Fame !
* Tilt control
* Calibration
* Only 130K
Another newbie to the Android market by Octane Technologies is iPingPong 3D .
The player ’s objective is to move the bat by using the touch screen as the controls .
Placing the bat on where the ball is going to land can hit the ball but power would be lost as opposed to tapping the screen in order to hit the ball a little harder .
The graphics are pretty good compared to other games out on the marketplaces , not to mention the control system is one of the best as well .
The computer is just challenging enough to keep a player interested in playing for quite awhile , though it would have been nice to see multiplayer games as well .
This game is currently available from the Android market for 1.99 GBP .
OmniG Software has come up with a three dimensional racing game called 3D City Stage ( review ) .
As previously mentioned , many games on mobile phones are not so wonderful to look at , although there are some exceptions .
This game is one of those exceptions ; it has perhaps the most outstanding and astonishing three dimensional graphics ever seen on a mobile phone before .
Games like this give game developers a boost of confidence on seeing what these mobile phones are capable of handling .
The Android ’s trackball is the control device , which is a little uncomfortable and has a bit of a learning curve but it is n’t too difficult to get used to .
The major problem is steering and accelerating , the latter of which requires pushing forward .
It is possible to use the keyboard if the player cannot handle this , though it really should use the internal accelerometer .
A demo version is available as a free download from the Android marketplace .
Lastly , OmniG Software has yet another stunning and amazing looking three dimensional game with awkward controlling .
3D Super - G
Stunt is a three dimensional flight simulator game , in which the player must guide the jet plane , again using the trackball , through a path of rings .
Like OmniG ’s other game , the controls definitely have a bit of a learning curve , but after getting used to them , the game is just as addictive as any other , if not more .
A free demo is available in the Android marketplace .
The full version has not yet been released , but is definitely worth the purchase once it is .
City Stage 3D Snow Rally Super - G Stunt
Super - G Stunt – The Ultimate Aerobatics ( PREVIEW )
There are a variety of different three dimensional games out there that offer great graphics without sacrificing enjoyable gameplay and high replay value .
Go ahead and grab the few extra couple of pounds and make a couple of purchases that will provide many hours of fun and stunning aesthetics !
and one thing I ’d add is some mention about how these games are living up to ones on the iphone
like with the moto Droid having twice the resolution as the iphone it ’s only a matter of time before the gaming gets at least comparable
Look at the Motorola Droid having twice the resolution as the iphone it ’s only a matter of time before the gaming gets at least comparable , is n’t it ?
( CNN ) -- President Obama has ordered a review of security screening processes after Friday 's botched terror attack on a U.S. airliner , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Sunday .
Appearing on the ABC program " This Week " and the NBC program " Meet the Press , " Gibbs said Obama is receiving regular briefings by his national security staff on the incident in which a suspect allegedly tried to detonate an explosive device on a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam , The Netherlands , making its final approach to Detroit , Michigan .
The suspect , 23 - year - old Nigerian Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , was on a broad watch list of 550,000 names since last month , Gibbs said .
That list does not automatically bring tighter screening of individuals , Gibbs said , and Obama has ordered a review of the procedures for determining which people on the list undergo more stringent checking .
Obama also called for " a review to ... figure out why an individual with the chemical explosive he had on him could get on a plane in Amsterdam and fly into the United States , " Gibbs said on NBC .
" The president is very confident that this government is taking the steps that are necessary to take our fight to those who seek to do us harm , " Gibbs said on the ABC program .
Authorities on Sunday focused their investigation on how a lone traveler smuggled explosives aboard the Northwest Airlines flight and who might have helped him .
Abdulmutallab , who had a multiple entry visa to the United States , was charged Saturday in a federal criminal complaint .
Q&A : Why did security checks fail to spot explosives
People on the flight described a chaotic scene that began with a popping sound followed by flames erupting at Abdulmutallab 's seat .
Jasper Schuringa , a Dutch passenger on the flight from Amsterdam , leaped across the aisle to grab the suspect , who according to authorities suffered burns on his legs .
Schuringa told CNN he saw that Abdulmutallab was holding a burning object between his legs .
" I pulled the object from him and tried to extinguish the fire with my hands and threw it away , " Schuringa said .
He said he heard fire extinguishers as he pulled Abdulmutallab out of his seat and dragged him to the front of the plane .
In Nigeria , Abdulmutallab checked no baggage on his trip that originated in Lagos on a KLM flight to Amsterdam , where he changed planes to the Northwest flight , according to Harold Demuren , director - general of Nigeria 's Civil Aviation Authority .
The suspect had a shoulder bag and went through the normal check - in process with his passport and U.S. visa scanned , Demuren said Sunday .
The multiple - entry U.S. visa was issued in London , England , in June 2008 with an expiration date of June 2010 , Demuren said .
Abdulmutallab then passed through a walk - through metal detector and put his shoulder bag through an X - ray screening machine , Demuren said .
He also said the suspect underwent secondary screening at the boarding gate for the KLM flight , according to officials of the Dutch airline .
The father of the suspect recently contacted the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria with concerns his son was planning something , a senior U.S. administration official said Saturday .
The father -- identified by a family source as Umaru Abdulmutallab -- contacted the embassy " a few weeks ago " saying his son , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , had " become radicalized , " the senior administration official , who is familiar with the case , told CNN .
A family source told CNN that the elder Abdulmutallab -- who recently retired as chairman of First Bank PLC , one of Nigeria 's premier banks -- had contacted the embassy in Nigeria 's capital , Abuja , and various other security agencies earlier than the timeline provided by the administration official .
The family source said Abdulmutallab went to those agencies about three months ago after receiving a text message from his son .
The source , who lives at the family home in Kaduna in northern Nigeria , said the son informed his family in the text message that he was leaving school in Dubai to move to Yemen .
He implied that he was leaving " for the course of Islam . "
The family member said Abdulmutallab " had no family consent or support , " adding he " absconded to Yemen . "
Abdulmutallab's information about his son was forwarded to the National Counter - Terrorism Center , and Abdulmutallab was added to a general watch list , a senior administration official said .
But the official said " the info on him was not deemed specific enough to pull his visa or put him on a no - fly list . "
In addition , the official said there was " no derogatory information that would have prevented him from getting a visa " back in June 2008 .
A law enforcement official familiar with the investigation into Abdulmutallab said investigators are still trying to trace his past travels .
" Investigators are looking into any al Qaeda connections and whether he had help and training from Yemen , " the law enforcement official said .
A preliminary FBI analysis found that the device on the plane contained PETN , also known as Pentaerythritol Tetranitrate , a highly explosive chemical compound .
In addition , FBI agents recovered what appear to be remnants of a syringe near Abdulmutallab 's seat , believed to have been part of the device .
The family source said Abdulmutallab received a college degree at the University College London , where spokesman Dave Weston said a man named Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab was enrolled in the mechanical engineering department between September 2005 and June 2008 .
When Abdulmutallab returned to Nigeria from London , he told his family he wanted to get a second college degree in Cairo , Egypt , or Saudi Arabia , the family source said .
The family refused because they were worried that he may have developed ties to some dubious people .
He went to Dubai instead , the source said , where he sent a text message saying he had gone to Yemen to start a new life and that it would be difficult for anyone to reach him because he had thrown away his SIM card .
Abdulmutallab's father notified the U.S. Embassy with information on his son , saying the family feared he went to Yemen to participate in " some kind of jihad . "
A federal security bulletin obtained by CNN said Abdulmutallab claimed the explosive device used Friday " was acquired in Yemen along with instructions as to when it should be used . "
Yemeni authorities have yet to receive official information on the terror attempt , according to a Yemeni official who asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media .
But , the source said the country 's government will take immediate action once the attempted bombing suspect 's alleged link to the country is officially identified .
Earlier Saturday , the Netherlands ' national coordinator for counterterrorism told CNN that Abdulmutallab had gone through " normal security procedures " in Amsterdam before boarding the flight and those were " well - performed . "
The initial impression is that the suspect was acting alone and did not have any formal connections to organized terrorist groups , a U.S. administration official said .
Rep. Bennie Thompson , D - Mississippi , who chairs the House Committee on Homeland Security , said the attempted act of terrorism would be the focus of an oversight hearing next month .
Sen . Jay Rockefeller , D - West Virginia , also said his Senate Commerce Committee would hold a hearing on the incident .
In Nigeria , the government said Saturday that it " received with dismay the news of attempted terrorist attack on a U.S. airline " and has ordered its security agencies to investigate the incident .
Officials from the Nigerian Embassy in Washington have flown to Michigan " to gain Consular access " to Abdulmutallab , the embassy said in a statement Saturday .
The embassy said it plans to cooperate with U.S. authorities .
An official with the Transportation Security Administration told CNN there will be increased security measures taken on international flights to the United States .
The official advised travelers to allow for extra time before the flight .
There will be no change in the number of carry - on bags allowed .
CNN 's Elise Labott , Jeanne Meserve , Carol Cratty , Richard Quest and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .
In his 11 July 2009 speech in Accra , Ghana , US President Barack Obama declared , ' America has a responsibility to advance this vision , not just with words , but with support that strengthens African capacity .
When there is genocide in Darfur or terrorists in Somalia , these are not simply African problems – they are global security challenges , and they demand a global response .
That is why we stand ready to partner through diplomacy , technical assistance , and logistical support , and will stand behind efforts to hold war criminals accountable .
Our Africa Command is focused not on establishing a foothold in the continent , but on confronting these common challenges to advance the security of America , Africa and the world . '
And yet all the available evidence demonstrates that he is determined to continue the expansion of US military activity on the continent initiated by President Bill Clinton in the late 1990s and dramatically escalated by President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2009 .
While many expected the Obama administration to adopt a security policy toward Africa that would be far less militaristic and unilateral than that pursued by his predecessor , the facts show that he is in fact essentially following the same policy that has guided US military involvement in Africa for more than a decade .
The clearest indication of President Obama ’s intentions for AFRICOM ( United States African Command ) and for America ’s military involvement in Africa is provided by the budget requests for the 2010 financial year submitted by the Departments of State and Defense to Congress in May 2009 .
The State Department budget request – which includes funding for all US arms sales , military training , and other security assistance programmes – proposes major increases in funding for US arms sales to a number of African countries through the Foreign Military Financing ( FMF ) programme .
The budget proposes to increase FMF funding for sub-Saharan African counties more than 300 per cent , from just over US $ 8.2 million to more than US $ 25.5 million , with additional increases in funding for Maghrebi countries .
Major recipients slated for increases include Chad ( US $ 500,000 ) , the Democratic Republic of Congo ( US $ 2.5 million ) , Djibouti ( US $ 2.5 million ) , Ethiopia ( US$ 3 million ) , Kenya ( US$ 1 million ) , Liberia ( US$ 9 million ) , Morocco ( US$ 9 million ) , Nigeria ( US $ 1.4 million ) , South Africa ( US $ 800,000 ) and the Africa Regional Program ( US $ 2.8 million ) .
The same trend is evident in the Obama administration 's request for funding for the International Military Education and Training ( IMET ) programme .
The budget request for the IMET programme proposes to increase funding for African countries by nearly 17 per cent , from just under US $ 14 million to more than US $ 16 million , with additional increases for Maghrebi countries .
Major recipients slated for increases include Algeria ( US$ 950,000 ) , Chad ( US $ 400,000 ) , the Democratic Republic of Congo ( US $ 500,000 ) , Djibouti ( US $ 350,000 ) , Ethiopia ( US $ 775,000 ) , Equatorial Guinea ( US $ 40,000 ) , Ghana ( US $ 850,000 ) , Liberia ( US$ 525,000 ) , Libya ( US $ 250,000 ) , Mali ( US $ 350,000 ) , Morocco ( US $ 1.9 million ) , Niger ( US $ 250,000 ) , Nigeria ( US $ 1.1 million ) , Rwanda ( US $ 500,000 ) , Senegal ( US $ 1.1 million ) , South Africa ( US$ 900,000 ) and Uganda ( US $ 550,000 ) .
The Obama administration also proposes major new funding for security assistance provided through the Peacekeeping Operations programme .
The 2010 financial year budget proposes to increase funding for the Trans - Sahara Counter - Terrorism Partnership – from US $ 15 million in the 2009 financial year to US $ 20 million in 2010 – and for the East Africa Regional Strategic Initiative from US $ 5 million in the 2009 financial year to US $ 10 million in the 2010 financial year .
It also includes US $ 42 million to continue operations in support of the implementation of the Comprehensive Peace Accords ( CPAs ) in southern Sudan , US $ 10 million to help create a professional 2,000 - member armed force in Liberia , US $ 21 million to continue operations in the Democratic Republic of Congo to reform the military ( including the creation of rapid reaction force for the eastern Congo and the rehabilitation of the military base at Kisangani ) , and US $ 3.6 million for the Africa Conflict Stabilization and Border Security Program , which will be used to support monitoring teams , advisory assistance , training , infrastructure enhancements , and equipment in the Great Lakes region , the Mano River region , the Horn of Africa , Chad and the Central African Republic .
And it includes US $ 67 million to support the African Union mission in Somalia , along with a request for US$ 96.8 million for the Global Peace Operations Initiative ( GPOI ) .
The request for the GPOI includes funding for the African Contingency Operations and Training Assistance Program ( ACOTA ) – which provides training and equipment to a number of African military forces to enhance their peacekeeping capabilities – and the Obama administration has requested US $ 96.8 million for ACOTA activities in the 2010 financial year .
Furthermore , the Obama administration ’s budget request for International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement ( INCLE ) programmes contains US $ 24 million for Sudan to support the implementation of the Comprehensive Peace Accords in southern Sudan and to assist programmes to stabilise Darfur by providing technical assistance and training for southern Sudan ’s criminal justice sector and law enforcement institutions as well as contributing to UN civilian police and formed police units in southern Sudan and Darfur .
It also includes funds for police reforms in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) ; for training , infrastructure , and equipment for police units in Liberia ; to operate the American - run International Law Academy in Gaborone , Botswana ; and to create a Regional Security Training Center for West , Central and North Africa .
And the Obama administration is also asking for funding to be provided through the INCLE programs for the first time to provide security assistance to countries participating in the Trans - Saharan Counter - Terrorism Partnership : Morocco , Algeria , Tunisia , Mauritania , Senegal , Mali , Niger , Chad , and Nigeria .
Major recipients slated for increases include Algeria ( US$ 970,000 ) , Cape Verde ( US $ 2 million ) , the Democratic Republic of Congo ( US $ 1.7 million ) , Ethiopia ( US $ 500,000 ) , Gambia ( US $ 450,00 ) , Ghana ( US $ 500,000 ) , Guinea - Bissau ( US$ 3 million ) , Liberia ( US$ 8 million ) , Morocco ( US $ 2 million ) , Nigeria ( US $ 2 million ) , Sierre Leone ( US $ 250,000 ) , Sudan ( US $ 24 million ) , Uganda ( US $ 385,000 ) , and the Africa Regional Program ( US$ 4.5 million ) .
The Obama administration also proposes to increase funding for counterterrorism programmes .
These include the Anti-Terrorism Assistance Program – which provides training to countries throughout the world – the Terrorist Interdiction Program / Personal Identification , Secure Comparison , and Evaluation System Program – which supports identification and watch listing systems to 18 countries ( including Kenya ) – the Counterterrorism Financing Program , which helps partner countries throughout the world stop the flow of money to terrorists – and the Counterterrorism Engagement Program , which is intended to strengthen ties with key political leaders throughout the world and ' build political will at senior levels in partner nations for shared counterterrorism challenges ' .
The Obama administration ’s budget request requests increased funding for Kenya ( from US$ 5 million in the 2009 financial year to US $ 8 million in the 2010 financial year ) , for South Africa ( a new programme for US $ 1 million ) , and the Africa Regional programme ( from almost US $ 15 million in the 2009 financial year to more than US $ 20 million in the 2010 financial year ) .
The Obama administration proposed 2010 budget for the Department of Defense requests US $ 278 million in operation and maintenance funds to cover the cost of AFRICOM operations and Operation Enduring Freedom - Trans - Sahara Counter - Terrorism Partnership operations at the AFRICOM headquarters in Stuttgart , Germany .
The administration is also requesting US $ 263 million to provide additional manpower , airlift and communications support to AFRICOM .
In addition , the administration is requesting US$ 60 million to fund CJTF - HOA operations in the 2010 financial year and US $ 249 million to pay for the operation of the 500 - acre base at Camp Lemonier in Djibouti and for facilities modifications , along with US $ 41.8 for major base improvement construction projects .
The administration has requested some US $ 400 million for Global Train and Equip ( Section 1206 ) programmes , some US $ 200 million for Security and Stabilization Assistance ( Section 1207 ) programmes , and some US $ 1 million for the Combatant Commander ’s Initiative Fund .
This money will be used primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan to pay for emergency training and equipment , the services of personnel from the State Department and humanitarian assistance to the Iraqi and Afghani armed forces , but it will be available for the use of AFRICOM as well .
The administration ’s budget request also contains US $ 1.9 billion to buy three littoral combat ships and another US $ 373 million to buy two joint high speed vessels , ships that will play a crucial role in US Navy operations off the coast of Africa .
In addition , the administration has requested US $ 10.5 million to pay for naval deployments in west and central Africa in the 2010 financial year and another US $ 10 million for naval operations in east Africa .
When Secretary of State Hillary Clinton travelled to Nigeria during her tour of Africa in August 2009 , she met with Ojo Maduekwe , the foreign minister , and Godwin Abbe , the new minister of defence .
In her remarks after the meeting , she was asked what the US government intended to do to help the Nigerian government establish stability and security in the Niger Delta .
' Well , the defence minister was present at the second larger meeting that the foreign minister convened , ' she said , ' and he had some very specific suggestions as to how the United States could assist the Nigerian government in their efforts , which we think are very promising , to try to bring peace and stability to the Niger Delta .
We will be following up on those .
There is nothing that has been decided .
But we have a very good working relationship between our two militaries .
So I will be talking with my counterpart , the secretary of defense , and we will , through our joint efforts , through our bi-national commission mechanism , determine what Nigeria would want from us for help , because we know this is an internal matter , we know this is up to the Nigerian people and their government to resolve , and then look to see how we would offer that assistance . '
Thus , in addition to the security assistance programmes in the budget request for the 2010 financial year , the Obama administration is now considering providing even more military support to the Nigerian government for use in the Niger Delta if the current amnesty programme collapses , as many analysts expect , and the government resumes military operations against insurgent forces in this vital oil - producing region ( which produces 10 per cent of America ’s total oil imports ) .
Another indication of the Obama administration ’s intentions are provided by its decision to expand US military involvement in Somalia as well as its decision to continue the Bush administration ’s policy of unilateral military attacks against alleged al - Qaeda operatives in that country .
In June 2009 , a senior State Department official ( presumed to have been Assistant Secretary of State Johnnie Carson ) revealed that the Obama administration had initiated a programme of indirect military support for the Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) of Somalia ( the internationally recognised government of the country , although it only exercises control over a small part of the capital , Mogadishu ) and a few other towns in the southern part of the country ) .
According to the official , the US government was providing funding to the TFG to finance weapons purchases and had also asked the governments of Uganda and Burundi , which have deployed troops to Mogadishu under an African Union mandate to protect the TFG , to transfer weaponry from their own stockpiles to the armed forces of the TFG in exchange for promises that the US government would reimburse them .
In addition , the US government made its base in Djibouti available to other governments for them to provide military training to the armed forces of the TFG .
During her visit to Kenya in August 2009 , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced that the US government would ' continue to provide equipment and training to the TFG ' , stating 'very early in the administration , I made the decision , which the president supported , to accelerate and provide aid to the TFG ' .
She went on to declare that al - Shabaab , the Islamist insurgent group fighting to overthrow the TFG , was ' a terrorist group with links to al - Qaeda and other foreign military networks ' and that they ' see Somalia as a future haven for global terrorism ' .
' There is no doubt ' , Secretary Clinton stated ' that al - Shabaab wants to obtain control over Somalia to use it as a base from which to influence and even infiltrate surrounding countries and launch attacks against countries far and near . '
Thus , 'if al - Shabaab were to obtain a haven in Somalia , which would then attract al - Qaeda and other terrorist actors , it would be a threat to the United States . '
The US government arranged for the delivery of an initial supply of approximately 40 tonnes of small arms and ammunition worth approximately US $ 10 million to the TFG between May and August of 2009 from the stockpiles of the African Union peacekeeping force , along with between US $ 1 million and US $ 2 million in cash to the TFG to finance its own arms purchase , and the delivery of another 40 tonnes of small arms and ammunition over the following months .
A number of other governments – including Kenya , Uganda , Burundi and France – are also reported to have sent military personnel to the US base in Djibouti to provide military training to TFG troops .
According to a report by the Associated Press , American officials ' say the US military is not conducting the training and will not put any forces in Somalia ' .
Other countries were conducting the training , the Associated Press reported , because ' the [ Obama ] administration is making a concerted effort to avoid putting any American footprint in Somalia , which would risk alienating allies and add to charges by Islamic extremists of a Western takeover . '
However , it has since become clear that most of the arms and training has been transferred to al - Shabaab , either by Islamic militants who had infiltrated the TFG military forces or as a result of the sale of the weapons and ammunition on the black market .
Then , in August , US Special Forces troops attacked and killed Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan , an alleged al - Qaeda operative who was accused of being involved in the bombing of the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in August 1998 as well as other al - Qaeda operations in east Africa .
The US Special Forces troops carried out the attack from onboard several helicopters that had been launched from a US Navy warship off the Somali coast , using machine guns and automatic assault rifles to strafe a convoy of four - wheel drive vehicles carrying Nabhan and his retinue .
Following the initial assault , the helicopters landed so that their troops could seize Nabhan ’s body for positive identification .
It is likely that the Obama administration will conduct further military operations in Somalia since , in the words of Vice Admiral Robert Moeller , the deputy commander of AFRICOM , ' the threat posed by al - Shabaab is something that we pay very , very close attention to . '
And in October 2009 , the Obama administration announced a major new security assistance package for Mali that was delivered on 20 October 2009 .
The package – valued at US $ 4.5 to US$ 5 million ( 2.3 billion CFA ) and which includes 37 Land Cruiser pickup trucks , communication equipment , replacement parts , clothing and other individual equipment – is intended to enhance Mali 's ability to transport and communicate with internal security ( counter - insurgency ) units throughout the country and control its borders .
The security assistance package is officially known as the ' Counter Terrorism Train and Equip ' ( CTTE ) programme .
Although ostensibly intended to help Mali deal with potential threats from AQIM ( al - Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ) , it is more likely to be used against Tuareg insurgent forces .
In addition , between April and June of 2009 , 300 US Special Forces personnel were deployed to Mali to train Malian military forces at three local bases and , according to Lt Col Louis Sombora , deputy commander of Mali's 33rd Parachute Regiment ( which was the recipient of the new US military aid package ) , more than 95 per cent of his soldiers have received US military training .
And in early November 2009 , US Air Force Brigadier General Michael W. Callan , vice commander of the US Air Force Africa ( the Air Force contingent based in Europe and dedicated to AFRICOM ) , visited Mali along with other US military personnel in order to inspect local military forces ( including the 33rd Parachute Regiment ) and tour local military facilities .
According to Lt Col Marshall Mantiply , defense attaché at the US Embassy in Bamako , 'we are working with the Mali ministry of defence on a ten - year plan ' to enhance the country 's military capabilities .
The aid package to Mali is just the latest instance of America ’s growing military involvement in the Sahel region .
In his testimony before the Senate subcommittee on Africa hearing on ' Counter - terrorism in the Sahel ' on 17 November 2009 , Secretary of State for Africa Johnnie Carson identified Mali – along with Algeria and Mauritania – as one of the ' key countries ' in the region for the US counterterrorism strategy .
' We believe that our work with Mali to support more professional units capable of improving the security environment in the country will have future benefits if they are sustained ' , he stated .
It is clear , therefore , that President Barack Obama has decided to follow the path marked out for AFRICOM by the Clinton and Bush administrations , based on the use of military force to ensure that America can satisfy its continuing addiction to oil and to deal with the threat posed by al - Qaeda and other Islamist extremist groups , rather than to chart a new path passed on a partnership with the people of Africa and other countries that have a stake on the continent ( including China ) to promote sustainable economic development , democracy and human rights in Africa and a global energy order based on the use of clean , safe and renewable resources .
This is the consequence of two factors .
To begin with , President Obama genuinely believes in the strategy of the global ' War on Terror ' and thinks that Africa must be a central battlefield in America ’s military campaign against al - Qaeda and other Islamist extremist groups .
Many analysts believe that terrorism does not constitute a significant threat to America ’s national security interests and that it would be far more effective to treat terrorism as a crime and to reduce the threat of terrorism by employing traditional law enforcement techniques .
But , as demonstrated by the president ’s decision to escalate US military operations in Afghanistan , Somalia and Mali , the Obama administration is determined to use military force instead , despite the fact that – as US military analysts argue – this only helps to strengthen terrorist groups and jeopardises other US security interests .
And with regard to America ’s growing dependence on African oil supplies , President Obama understands the danger of relying upon the importation of a vital resource from unstable countries ruled by repressive , undemocratic regimes and the necessity of reducing America ’s reliance on the use of oil and other non-renewable sources of energy .
But , for understandable reasons , he has concluded that there is simply very little that he can do to achieve this goal during the limited time that he will be in office .
He knows that it will take at least several decades to make the radical changes that will be necessary to develop alternative sources of energy , particularly to fuel cars and other means of transportation ( if this is even technically feasible ) .
And he knows that – in the meantime – public support for his presidency and for his party depends on the continued supply of reliable and relatively inexpensive supplies of gas and other petroleum - based energy to the American people , more than any other single factor .
In the event of a substantial disruption in the supply of oil from Nigeria or any other major African supplier , he realises that he will be under irresistible political pressure to employ the only instrument that he has at his disposal – US military forces – to try to keep Africa ’s oil flowing .
Professional military officers also know that the repressive , undemocratic regimes upon which the United States relies to maintain oil production are likely to fail and that they are almost certain to find themselves sent into combat in Africa – whether they like it or not – if this leads to a major disruption of oil exports , and are already working on plans for direct military intervention in Africa .
Thus , in May 2008 , the Army Training and Doctrine Command , the Special Operations Command , and the Joint Forces Command conducted a war game scenario for Nigeria during war game exercise that it conducts each year at the US Army War College in Carlisle , Pennsylvania .
The scenario – set in the hypothetical year 2013 – was designed to test the ability of the United States to respond to a crisis in Nigeria in which the Nigerian government fragments and rival factions within the Nigerian military begin fighting for control of the Niger Delta , creating so much violence and chaos that it would be impossible to continue oil production .
The participants concluded that there was little the United States could do to bring about a peaceful resolution of the conflict and that , in the end , they would probably be ordered to send up to 20,000 American troops into the Niger Delta in what the participants clearly recognised would be a futile attempt to get the oil flowing again .
The fact that the participants in the Nigerian war games decided to go public with this information suggests that they believe that this scenario is likely to become a reality in the near future and that their only hope of avoiding this is to tell the public in the hope that this will prevent the order from being issued .
But the professional military officers who would actually have to lead their troops into Africa are not the only people who understand that America ’s reliance on the military to solve the energy dilemma and the threat of terrorism is a dangerous mistake .
Members of the US Congress are also increasingly sceptical about this strategy and are beginning to give AFRICOM the critical scrutiny it deserves .
Moreover , a number of concerned organisations and individuals in the United States and in Africa came together in August 2006 to create the Resist AFRICOM campaign in order to educate the American people about AFRICOM and to mobilise public and congressional opposition to the new command .
The Resist AFRICOM campaign will continue to press the Obama administration to abandon its plan for AFRICOM and to pursue a policy toward Africa based on a genuine partnership with the people of Africa , international cooperation , democracy , human rights and sustainable economic development .
BROUGHT TO YOU BY PAMBAZUKA NEWS
* Daniel Volman is the director of the Association of Concerned Africa Scholars .
He is a specialist on US military policy in Africa and African security issues and has been conducting research and writing on these issues for more than 30 years .
* Please send comments to [ email protected ] or comment online at Pambazuka News .
In texts sent to ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter on Sunday morning , Ochocinco said he did n't want what would have been a tribute to his former teammate , who passed away Thursday , to become a diversion .
" It 's becoming more of a distraction for myself and my team , " Ochocinco texted .
" Chris would n't want it to go the way it is .
" It can turn into a big negative if we do n't perform the way we should .
I 'll have his jersey in hand throughout the entire game .
His jersey is also 4 times bigger than my normal one . "
Ochocinco had considered donning Henry 's jersey , but league rules prohibit it .
NFL rules would also prevent the NFL Players Association from reimbursing Ochocinco for any fines he would 've incurred had he worn Henry 's number .
NFLPA spokesman George Atallah had tweeted Saturday that his organization would cover the fine .
The organization has already established a memorial fund for Henry and plan to match any fine for Ochocinco to that fund and / or the Players Assistance Fund .
But the NFLPA is prohibited from reimbursing the fine money that would be automatically withheld from Ochocinco 's paycheck by the league .
Ochocinco is familiar with NFL rules .
He was prevented from changing the name on his jersey two years ago unless it was his legal name ; later Chad Johnson changed his legal name to Chad Ochocinco .
The Bengals are planning to wear a No. 15 decal on their helmets .
Information from ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter was used in this report .
Way back in April , Google relaunched Google Labs , the place where the company tests its new and experimental features .
When it relaunched , it added a very interesting experimental feature to Google Image Search : Similar Images .
A recap if you do n't remember similar images : it utilizes image recognition technology to help filter search results .
If you find an action shot of soccer / football star David Beckham and want to find more like it , for example , you can use Similar Images to filter your results and find similar images .
The feature has been in Google Labs for over half a year , but that 's no longer the case .
Google has announced that Similar Images has now become a standard feature of Google Image search .
It was only a matter of time until Similar Images made its debut in Google Search .
It 's a very useful and surprisingly accurate feature that really helps you filter images .
We can expect to see a lot of users utilizing this feature very soon .
AFP | July 10 , 2008
The United States called Thursday for a fresh push to resolve separatist conflicts in Georgia , as Russia said it put warplanes in the air there this week and warned Tblisi against joining NATO .
Speaking to reporters here , US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Washington was working “ very closely ” with Germany and others to get a Georgian peace process back on track .
“ I ’m going to call for discussions to be held at a higher level , at least at the level of political directors or perhaps beyond that , because this is a serious situation , ” Rice said , calling for an end to violence in the region .
She spoke after meeting with Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , whose drive to reassert control over separatist regions is strongly backed by the United States .
Briefing reporters aboard Rice ’s plane after she left Tbilisi , a senior State Department official said political directors of the US , German , British , French , Russian and Georgian foreign ministries could meet this month on the crisis .
The official , who asked not to be named , said Washington ’s proposal also calls for the United Nations and the European Union to be represented at the talks — where no venue has been given yet — as well as Abkhaz separatists .
Abkhazia is one of two provinces — the other is South Ossetia — that split from Georgia following brief wars in the immediate aftermath of the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union and that now enjoy de facto independence .
As Rice was announcing the new US push focusing on Abkhazia , the Russian foreign ministry said that Russian warplanes had conducted overflights of South Ossetia earlier this week .
“ The need arose to take urgent and effective measures to prevent bloodshed and to keep the situation peaceful ” in the breakaway province , the ministry said in a statement .
“ To determine the circumstances , Russian air force planes made a short flight over the territory of South Ossetia . ”
The statement marked an unusual admission .
Past Georgian accusations of Russian military overflights have been denied by Moscow .
“ As subsequent events showed , this step cooled hotheads in Tbilisi and prevented the situation from evolving through use of force , which had become highly likely , ” the Russian statement said .
Russia said it had received information indicating that Georgian troops were preparing a military operation in South Ossetia to free four Georgian soldiers arrested Tuesday by authorities in the breakaway province .
Separately , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov held talks in Moscow with the separatist leader of Abkhazia , Sergei Bagapsh , and warned afterwards that a a plan to bring Georgia closer to joining NATO would scuttle any peace efforts .
“ This could sink a possible resolution ” of the crisis , Lavrov was quoted as saying by the Interfax news agency after meeting Bagapsh .
He was referring to US assertions that giving Georgia a so - called Membership Action Plan ( MAP ) for NATO membership could help resolve its “ frozen conflicts ” in Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
FULL ARTICLE
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Originally Posted by Jutt8 Originally Posted by
OMG !!!!!
That is the best veneer I have ever seen from Pearl .
Pearl , please offer this in the Masterworks line .
Hell , put in the Masters and Reference line too !!!!!!
You took some amazing shot of the finish .
Looks like it has microflake in it too .
Am I seeing that right ?
REP for an awesome kit .
Truely one of my favorites .
The experienced Tampa personal injury lawyers at Morgenstern & Herd , PLLC represent clients who have suffered a serious injury or lost a loved one through medical negligence or any wrongful act committed by another .
Our award - winning Tampa personal injury lawyers have earned the respect of clients and the legal community throughout the state of Florida .
Dennis ( Denny ) M. Morgenstern and Betsey T. Herd – who focuses on all types of personal injury – make up our dedicated team .
Our Tampa personal injury practice benefits from Betsey Herd ’s background in cardiovascular physiology and her time as a clinical manager for a large hospital system .
Tampa personal injury lawyers Dennis Morgenstern & Betsey Herd deliver personal attention to each client and safeguard you through the legal process .
We want you to focus on your physical and emotional recovery after an injury or the loss of a loved one .
use strict ;
use warnings ;
# Program to read data released by the UK Met Office on 08/12/2009 and
# produce a KML file showing the location of all of the temperature
# stations in the released data .
This KML file can be imported to
# Google Earth or Google Maps for display .
#
# In reading the Met Office data the program also looks for missing
# information ( such as missing fields in the files and missing data in
# the observations ) .
It also checks for any oddities such as
# non-numeric values in numeric fields .
# A directory called MetOffice08122009 is assumed to exist and contain
# a collection of two - digit subdirectories which contain the actual
# obseravtion files .
my $ top = ' MetOffice08122009 / ';
my @subdirs = glob " $ top * " ;
# Verify that all the subdirectories have two digits and that there 's
# no extraneous data .
In doing so build up a list of all the
# observation files .
These should also be in a specific form : each
# has a six digit name where the first two digits correspond to the
# two digits in the directory name .
#
# If this code does n't force an error the @obs array while contain the
# names of all the observation files in the released data .
Each entry
# will be the path to that file .
my @obs ;
foreach my $s ( @subdirs ) {
if ( $s !~ /^$ top ( \d\d ) $ / ) {
die " Unexpected subdirectory $s
" ;
}
# Captures the two - digit portion of the directory name
my $ two = $ 1 ;
my @o = glob " $ top$two / * " ;
foreach my $f ( @o ) {
if ( $ f !~ /^$s\/$two\d{4}$ / ) {
die " Unexpected file $f
" ;
} else {
push @obs , ( $f ) ;
}
}
}
print " Found " , $ #obs+1 , " observation files
" ;
# This hash contains the fields that are expected in the released data
# and maps to a regular expression for recognizing the data .
These
# expressions are used to look for anomalies ( such as an alpha
# character in a numeric field ) .
my % fields = (
' Number ' => qr/^\d{6} $ / ,
# The Name and Country fields contain all sorts of extra characters
# that you might not expect e.g. SPAIN is followed by a line of -
# characters
' Name ' => qr /^[ A - Za-z \.\-\/\(\) \d\*' , ] +$ / ,
' Country ' => qr / ^[ A - Z \.\-\( \ ) ' ] +$ / ,
' Lat ' => qr/^-?\d{1,2}\.\d$/ ,
' Long ' => qr/^-?\d{1,3}\.\d$/ ,
' Height ' => qr/^-?\d+$/,
' Start year ' => qr /^[ 12]\d{3} $ / ,
' End year ' => qr /^[ 12]\d{3} $ / ,
' First Good year ' => qr /^[ 12 ]\d{3} $ / ,
' Source ID ' => qr/^\d+$ / ,
' Source file ' => qr /^.+$ / ,
' Jones data to ' => qr /^[ 12]\d{3} $ / ,
' Normals source ' => qr /^.+$ / ,
' Normals source start year ' => qr /^[ 12]\d{3} $ / ,
' Normals source end year ' => qr /^[ 12]\d{3} $ / ,
' Normals ' => qr/^(\s*-?\d+\.\d\s*) {12}$/,
' Normals source percent availability ' => qr/^\d+$ / ,
' Normals source variable code ' => qr/^\d+$ / ,
' Standard deviations source ' => qr /^.+$ / ,
' Standard deviations source start year ' => qr /^[ 12]\d{3} $ / ,
' Standard deviations source end year ' => qr /^[ 12]\d{3} $ / ,
' Standard deviations ' => qr/^(\s*-?\d+\.\d\s*)
{12}$/
) ;
# Now read through each of the observation files and verify that they
# have all the fields that are required .
Extract the latitude and
# longitude and use these to fill in hash elements named ' latitude '
# and ' longitude ' in the %observations hash .
This hash is keyed by
# the observation number .
#
# For example an entry in this hash might look like
#
# $ observations {988510}
# $ observations{988510}{latitude} = 6.1
# $ observations{988510}{longitude} = - 125.2
# $ observations {988510}{name} = ' REJAH BUAYAN '
my %observations ;
foreach my $f ( @obs ) {
if ( open F , " < $f " ) {
# Parse out the name of the file to extract the expected Number
# which should match the Number field inside the file
$f =~ /$top\d{2} \ /( \d {6 } ) / ;
my $ number = $ 1 ;
# This will get set to 1 as soon as we find the Obs : marker in the
# file and hence are done with the header portion and are on to
# the actual observations
my $ doing_obs = 0 ;
# This is used to make sure that the observations are all there ,
# i.e. that there are no gaps in the years in a single file
my $ year_obs = 0 ;
while ( < F > ) {
chomp ;
my $ line = $ _ ;
if ( !$doing_obs ) {
# The line should have an = sign in it , or it should be the
# start of the actual observations which begins with Obs :
if ( $ line =~ /^( [ ^= ] + )
\s*=\s*(.+ ) / ) {
my ( $ field_name , $ field_value ) = ( $ 1 , $ 2 ) ;
if ( exists ( $ fields{$field_name} ) ) {
if ( $ field_value =~ /$fields{$field_name} / ) {
# Check that the Number field is the same as the number
# in the file name
if ( ( $ field_name eq ' Number ' ) && ( $ field_value != $ number ) ) {
die " Number field $ field_value does n't match file name $f
" ;
}
# Capture latitude and longitude and name
if ( $ field_name eq ' Lat ' ) {
$ observations {$number} {latitude} = $ field_value ;
}
if ( $ field_name eq ' Long ' ) {
# Note that I am flipping the sign on the longitude here because
# it appears that the Met Office is swapping east and west
# compared to how KML thinks about longitude
$ observations{$number}{longitude} = - $ field_value ;
}
if ( $ field_name eq ' Name ' ) {
$ observations {$number}{name} = $ field_value ;
}
} else {
die " Value for field $ field_name in $f is incorrect ( $ field_value )
" ;
}
} else {
# Since I am not using any extraneous data I just report
# it and carry on .
print STDERR
" Unexpected header value $ field_name in file $f
" ;
}
} elsif ( $ line =~ /^Obs : $/ ) {
$ doing_obs = 1 ;
} else {
die " Unexpected line [ $ line ] in $f
" ;
}
} else {
# Observation lines should start with a four figure year
# followed by 12 observations .
The years should be contiguous .
if ( $ line =~ /([ 12 ] \d{3} ) \s+(\s*-?\d+\.\d\s*) {12}/ ) {
if ( $ year_obs == 0 ) {
$ year_obs = $ 1 ;
} else {
$ year_obs += 1 ;
}
if ( $ year_obs != $ 1 ) {
die " Gap in observation record at year $ 1 in file $f
" ;
}
} else {
die " Unexpected observation line [ $ line ] in $f
" ;
}
}
}
close F ;
# Verify that we have captured latitude , longitude and name
if ( ! exists ( $ observations{$number}{latitude} ) ||
!exists ( $ observations{$number}{longitude} ) ||
!exists ( $ observations{$number}{name} ) ) {
die " Incomplete information for $f
" ;
}
} else {
die " Failed to open observation file $f
" ;
}
}
# Now use the %observations hash to build the output KML file , this
# will be stored in a file called MetOffice08122009.kml .
#
# IMPORTANT NOTE : this is currently outputting an altitude of 0 for
# each observation .
my $ kml = ' MetOffice08122009.kml ' ;
if ( open F , " > $ kml " ) {
print F<< EOF ;
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " ?>
< kml xmlns= " http://www.opengis.net/kml/2.2 " >
< Document >
< name > $kml</name >
EOF
foreach my $o ( sort keys % observations ) {
print F<< EOF ;
< Placemark >
< name>$observations{$o}{name}</name >
< description >$o</ description >
< Point >
< coordinates>$observations{$o}{longitude} ,
$ observations{$o}{latitude},0</ coordinates >
</ Point >
</ Placemark >
EOF
}
print F<< EOF ;
</ Document >
</kml >
EOF
} else {
die " Failed to create output KML file $ kml
" ;
}
The UK Met Office has released a subset of the HadCRUT data that contains temperature observations from 1729 stations around the world .
To get started with this data you need to go here I downloaded the data and wrote a program to verify its integrity ( looks ok so far ) and then extract information about the stations and plot them .
To so this I created a KML file from the observation files .
Important note : if you are repeating what I am doing you will need to flip the sign on the longitude ( The Met Office and KML have a different idea about what the sign means on longitude ) .
The first step was to import this into Google Maps .
You can view the map of all the observation stations here .
Here 's a snapshot of the UK .
You can grab the actual KML file I generated here
This can also be imported to Google Earth where you can see all the points .
Here 's the code I used to generate it : Take it under the General Public License Next step : map the temperature data onto Google Earth .
Labels : climate change , pseudo - randomness
Almost the entire continent of Africa is geographically poorly represented in Wikipedia .
Remarkably , there are more Wikipedia articles written about Antarctica than all but one of the 53 countries in Africa ( or perhaps more amazingly , there are more Wikipedia articles written about the fictional places of Middle Earth and Discworld than about many countries in Africa , Asia , and the Americas ) .
There are some countries that are crammed with a dense amount of floating virtual information , such as Germany ( with an average of one article tagged for every 65 square km ) , while others remain as virtual deserts , such as Chad ( with an average of one tagged article every 17,000 square km ) .
Sharp divides between the Global North and the Global South can likewise be seen when looking at the number of geotagged articles per person .
Austria , Iceland and Switzerland all have around one geotagged article for every 1,000 people , while in China or Guinea there is just over one article for every 500,000 people .
1. ( n. )
The residue left on one 's fingertips after consuming a bag of Cheetos .
Submitted by : Anonymous , Topics : Food & Drink
You may not know his face ( hint : it 's that one up there ) but Jordan Mechner is famous for singlehandedly creating the celebrated original Prince of Persia games .
You may also know that he had a hand in the more recent Sands of Time trilogy .
What you may not know is that he is also involved in the upcoming Jerry Bruckheimer - produced movie adaptation of Prince of Persia : The Sands of Time , in a non-superficial manner .
At a recent screening of the trailer for the movie ( which was leaked onto YouTube a few days ago ) , Jordan Mechner and Jerry Bruckheimer were present for a short Q&A session , where Mechner showed genuine enthusiasm about the film .
" I got this big smile on my face that would n't go away , " Mechner said , when asked how it felt to see his creation brought to life .
And when the inevitable question about the pitfalls of crappy videogame movies were brought up , Mechner 's advice is that rather than just being a movie based on a videogame .
" It 's got to be a movie that can stand on its own . "
So if the creator of the franchise is pleased with where Bruckheimer is taking his baby , can we take that to mean this movie might be worthwhile ?
Or do you remain doubtful about it , taking the more cynical " he is excited about it because he is going to make a lot of money from it " approach ?
Tons of milk being spilled on the streets could be seen outside the European Headquarters in Brussel on October 5 , 2009 .
This was the result of a demonstration milk farmers from various European countries held against falling milk prices .
The farmers are mostly from Germany , France and Belgium .
During the protest a milk farmer sprayed the police with milk directly from a cows udder .
While farmers are using milk to protest , some other people in UK are using cheese to have fun !
For a good start of the day fill your bowl with milk mixed with healthy cereals .
( Natural News )
The Venezuelan government has banned the sugar - free soft drink Coke Zero , citing concerns that its artificial sweetener is harmful to human health .
" The product should be withdrawn from circulation to preserve the health of Venezuelans , " Health Minister Jesus Mantilla said .
The ruling called for the product to be removed from all store shelves and destroyed , and for all further production to cease pending an investigation into the drink 's safety .
Coke said that it would comply with the government order .
Coke Zero is a zero - calorie soft drink marketed at young men who are reluctant to drink beverages labeled " diet " because they associate the word with women .
It is also billed as tasting more similar to Coca - Cola Classic than Diet Coke does .
In a number of Latin American countries , the product is sweetened with sodium cyclamate , which has been banned in the United States as a carcinogen since 1969 .
Although the Mexican government had authorized the ingredient as an additive in 2006 , consumer pressure forced the Coca - Cola Company to removed it from Coke Zero in 2008 .
In the United States , Coke Zero is sweetened with aspartame , which has been linked to neurological damage .
Mantilla said that Coke had failed to mention sodium cyclamate in its application to market the product in Venezuela , but that government tests turned up the sweetener in concentrations of 18 to 22 milligrams per 10 milliliters .
This exceeded the threshold set by the Venezuelan Commission of Industrial Norms for safe human consumption .
According to Health Ministry official Divis Antunez , the maximum recommended intake of sodium cyclamate is only 11 milligrams per kilogram of weight .
The action against Coke Zero is only the latest by a government determined to increase regulation of industry .
Venezuela has already nationalized several oil companies and has seized factories owned by agribusiness and pharmaceutical giants Cargill and Pfizer .
It also recently expropriated a Coke parking lot to build housing for the poor .
Sources for this story include : www.reuters.com;
Whew !
Tony became a railroad tycoon while Wes witnessed two people being stitched together , and somewhere in all of this a comic was made !
And alas !
We are making you wait one more day for the ASP Contest winners !
We are down to deciding between the best five and will announce them tomorrow !
ABC News ' Brian Ross has a breathtaking record of recklessly inaccurate , overhyped stories that do n't live up to the headline .
His scoop yesterday about Nidal Malik Hasan 's " attempt to reach out to al Qaeda " was one of them .
Ross ' report yesterday that Hasan had attempted to " make contact with people associated with al Qaeda " took over the internet yesterday and sparked a furious round of speculation that Hasan 's attack was part of an Islamic terrorist plot .
The headline , " Officials : U.S. Army Told of Hasan 's Contacts with al Qaeda , " said it all .
The far more mundane truth emerged today in the pages of the New York Times and the Washington Post : Hasan had communicated via e-mail with Anwar al - Awlaki , a radical American cleric living in Yemen who formerly served as the imam of a mosque Hasan had attended in Virginia .
What did they talk about ?
From the Washington Post :
The FBI determined that the e-mails did not warrant an investigation , according to the law enforcement official .
Investigators said Hasan 's e-mails were consistent with the topic of his academic research and involved some social chatter and religious discourse .
We were confused this morning , because Ross had clearly reported that Hasan had made contact with " people associated with Al Qaeda , " and the only contacts that other reporters were confirming were with al - Awlaki , who is , as far as we know , a single person .
We called Ross and asked him if there were more " people . "
No , he told us , his initial report was only in reference to al - Awlaki .
" That 's how it was initially described to me by my sources , " he says .
" Given what they told me , that 's all I could say .
It 's a strange use of the word ' people . '
But when pinned down , my sources said it 's just al - Awlaki . "
A strange use , indeed .
How about false , too ?
Especially because Ross ' original story did , in fact , report that al - Awliki was among the " people " Hasan was suspected of having contacted .
So he reported that Hasan contacted more than one person associated with al Qaeda , and then named one person that he was suspected of contacting .
What he apparently did n't bother to do was " pin his sources down " on exactly what they were saying .
The result was a clear suggestion that Hasan had tried to communicate with the al Qaeda network on more than one occasion .
So did he ?
Al - Awlaki is routinely described by the FBI and others as an al Qaeda supporter , and a fiery inciter of violence against infidels .
And he was the imam at the Virginia mosque attended by two of the 9/11 hijackers , as well as Hasan .
But while it 's clear that Al - Awlaki is a bad guy , what 's not clear is whether he 's simply a propagandist or someone who actually operates as a part of al Qaeda .
It 's one thing for Hasan to have sent e-mails to someone who vocally supports al Qaeda , and quite another for him to have sent e-mails to al Qaeda itself , or to operatives actively involved in trying to kill people .
Ross told us that , according to his sources , " Al - Awlaki is considered a recruiter , " which is how he justified invoking the name of the terrorist network .
We 'll defer to him on that point .
But without knowing what the e-mails are about , can it really be known that Hasan 's communications were " attempts to reach out " ?
The FBI did n't consider them as such .
Ross did n't know the contents of the e-mails when he described them that way , but felt perfectly justified in doing so based solely on the knowledge that Hasan had sent the e-mails .
We asked Ross if he had tried to contact Al - Awlaki in reporting the story :
" Yes . "
So you reached out to al Qaeda , then ?
" To al Qaeda ?
No. I reached out to him .
Oh.
I see what you 're saying . "
What 's particularly maddening about Ross ' hype is that it had already been well established that Al - Awlaki was the imam at Hasan 's Virginia mosque in 2001 .
Hasan 's mother 's funeral services were held there at the time .
While it had n't been definitively established that Hasan had ever met Al - Awlaki , it was abundantly clear that the two men were in one another 's orbits and that Hasan likely heard him preach .
That was n't reported as a " contact with al Qaeda , " but once Ross got his hands on the fact that Hasan sent e-mails to his former imam , who had a web site with a comment form , he turned it into a blockbuster story .
Which would n't be the first time .
Ross reported — inaccurately — after the anthrax attacks in 2001 that the powder contained a " potent additive ... known to have been used by only one country in producing biochemical weapons - Iraq . "
He laundered CIA agent John Kiriakou's lie that the agency only used waterboarding once , for 30 seconds , when in fact Kiriakou was n't even in the same country as the secret prison where his colleagues waterboarded two men a total of 266 times .
He fell for the lies of Alexis Debat , a grifter and fraud who masqueraded as an intelligence expert .
And he hyped his access to the phone records of DC madam Deborah Jean Palfrey for days , but only came up with the names of two low - level clients .
Ross ' stock response to these complaints is that he only reports what his sources tell him .
" We reported what we knew , when we knew it , " he says .
" I 'm comfortable with the story . "
His problem , as we 've said before , is that he has shitty sources .
And he just repeats what they tell him .
Which is how you get from " Hasan sent e-mails to his former imam , who now preaches in support of Al Qaeda .
We do n't know what the e-mails were about , but they did n't raise alarms at the FBI " to " Hasan tried to make contact with people associated with al Qaeda " to the headline 's blunt , and thoroughly unsupported , reference to " Hasan 's Contacts with al Qaeda . "
It would have been a good story if Ross had stuck to the first , accurate , formulation .
All I can say is — I understand that the Universe sent me to PSW for a reason .
So , I 'm listening !!
… and studying .
Your commentary is literally outstanding .
… and your members are impressive as well .
Seaquill
Phil , 3 for 3 !
Sold on initial excitement and made a double on USO , 70 % on AMZN and 70 % on SPY options from Friday .
Thanks and much appreciated for the suggestions .
Gingbaum
Phil , I meant to post over the weekend , but I was busy having fun .
Last week was a very nice week for me , and I wanted to thank you for all that you do .
I am pretty much back to cash and really feel like I am learning .
I have out performed the $ 5 kp by a very large margin .
Thanks again for the service you provide .
Scotbraze
We are lucky to be in America and it is great to be part of the PSW tribe .
Keeps me thinkin' and gatherin ' the profits .
~ 42 % gain in my trading account year to date , which keeps me happy .
Half to a third of the trading account is reserved in margin capacity that Is not committed .
So , again thanks Phil and all of you other members .
Newthugger
Phil : I cleaned up today .
A rather stark contrast to my untutored performance April / May 2009 , after I had written to you to explain how wrong - headed your bearishness was .
Many thanks .
I ran into someone once who played on the Bulls with Jordan for quite a few years .
He was asked what he had learned from playing with MJ for so long .
He smiled and said " Give him the ball . "
Zeroxzero
I have been a member off and on for years .
Using these techniques I do consistently beat the S&P 500 .
Phil's Stock World has been the most important site in my financial life .
It 's impact on me over the past years has been huge .
As have my tax bills !
Knightpilot
Phil ,
You were on the $ today with your calls almost exactly on the turns – Krap kuhn krup ( Thai for thank you very much ) .
Jomptien
Looking over your main themes last week , the " China may fall first " and " if you missed it previously , Thurs am gives you a second chance to short " were absolutely on target .
I had to rely on stop - losses because of my schedule but just those two calls could have been worth a small fortune .
Keep it up and I look forward to your new portfolio .
Ocelli
Thanks for the USO directions today .
Made it 3 times ( up / down / up ) for a very nice win .
Doro165
Phil , have to thank you for saving me today .
I think the discipline I have learned from this site has helped me as much if not more than the actual picks .
Rustle123
Maya ,
After years of being pretty good at picking stocks I still managed to lose almost as much as I made .
All the reading Phil asked us to do as a new member ( And everything else I can get my hands on lately ) has revealed my Achilles Heal .
Good stock picks do not necessarily make money .
My problem was swinging for the fences .
Since becoming a member Jan 1 this year and getting into to scaling into small trades I am amazed at the steady profit growth I have experienced already while not worrying about getting killed .
And having fun doing it ..
Phil ,
Thanks for the education , the help you give and the chance to learn more and get better .
Also thanks to all the members who have answered the few questions I had when your not around .
Ricpar
I 'm just starting my second year as a member , and I 'd like to thank all of you for sharing your trading ideas and insight , and especially Phil of course for great all - around investing advice as well as trades !
In addition to learning patience and profit - taking , I think one of the most important things I 'm learning here is to stick to stocks and trades that suit my temperament .
And wow , I had NO idea how hard it was to learn patience .
I should say " practice " instead of " learn " , because it seems to be a constant struggle .
Phil , please keep reminding us how nice CASH is !
Jerseyside
Thanks for the oil tip Phil : Bot & sold the USO May 29 calls for net $ 125 .
Not bad for few minutes work .
JWick1981
PSW – Price / Value ;
The value of PSW on a regular basis exceeds by far the price of the annual subscription .
The edition of February 26 ' Which Way Wednesday – Popping or Topping ? ' , – priceless for the serious investor .
Winston
Thank you so much for the good daily news in review Phil .
I love your commentary !
It is such a breath of fresh air in the smog cluttered news networks .
RJRoberts
Blessings , ALL : So we have completed two months of 2015 .
So far it has been a good ride with my PSW all short put portfolio showing a 15.73 % gain with $ 83 K in profits harvested in 2015 .
IHS4GOD
Praising PSW for enlightenment is a bit akin to praising the Pope for being holy .
I 've been reading PSW for about two months now and have learned more about investing technique and the world in general than I 've learned from the books and seminars I 've paid for .
Thanks for the enlightenment , the education , the guidance and the truth , which is not a commodity these days , but a virtue in short supply .
Andy Morris
I picked up one of your recommended Gold plays , the July ABX 30s and sold the Feb 35s , which are now mostly intrinsic value .
Is it time to roll these to the March 37.50s , or should I wait this spike out ?
Bill Hoffman
Peter D , Just a note of thanks .
Eight weeks ago , I entered my first RUT strangles , when the RUT was at 625 .
Tomorrow , I will let them expire , with the RUT at 625 ( give or take ) .
I did n't care when the RUT went to 650 , nor when it dropped to 590 .
Easiest , no touch money I 've made in a long time .
Judahbenhur
As a retired stockbroker from a major Canadian brokerage firm , I can tell you I would never had access to these type of trade ideas , especially the hedges .
Just closed out a July TZA 40/45 call spread today for a 271 % gain in less than a month .
I would have normally let that run but yesterday Phil commented to another member something to the effect that " you put down a $ 1 for a $ 5 upside , now that you are up 250 % you have $ 2.5 in and you are hoping for a double . "
Just closed out a USO July $ 38 put that Phil suggested yesterday for a 49 % one day gain .
Thanks , Bob RJK
Opt , I think the hardest thing is being disciplined enough to trade with you .
Atleast now when I see something go in the red I know how much I 'm going to loose and that I will profit somewhere else and have enough money left at the end of the day to trade again .
Thanks for all your hard work !
My stress levels are down 75 % and I have even made a small profit in the short time I 've been here Mopar
Phil : Closed out ZION with 49 % gain !
RMM
Phil – I wanted to tell you how much of a privilege it is to learn from your every day .
You are a shining beacon in the life of so many investors .
You have assembled probably the best group of people in the history of financial blogging and you , yourself have done more to help investors in the last 6 months than all previous financial advisors combined .
StJeanLuc
Phil , i wanted to thank you again for helping me protect future stock allocations at work - finally , i feel like i am owning my own destiny with stocks vs. letting the market dictate what you get – thanks again .
Nramanuja
Phil / USO Adjustment ~~
Thanks for showing us the make it even ( maybe even profitable ) tricks for ' fixing ' a losing position .
I would have never known the trick if you did n't explain it .
The option adjustment techniques are very helpful .
Trading stocks would probably never offer that kind of flexibilities !
Thanks !
Investwizard
Phil - I would like to echo the sentiments of dclark41 .
Joining this site was the best thing I have ever done to aid my growth as a trader / investor .
There are so many smart and experienced people here sharing their ideas that regardless what your investing style is you will learn something daily .
Thank you and all the regular contributors for your generosity .
Acd54
Phil / CL - that play made a quick $ 500 per contract !
Took all of 10 minutes !
I want to thank you for helping me not just learn a bit about trading , but giving me some confidence and most of all a rewarding " hobby " to look forward to each day .
I have had a few mistakes and losses along the way , but I have had some great wins too and I am now consistently making money trading futures and have even learned to go to sleep while holding a losing position knowing that tomorrow is always another opportunity to win again .
So thanks again for your help and patience along the way .
Craigsa620
Probably the best approach and method I have ever seen for the public and I have worked for some serious traders at the biggest houses doing research .
Those guys all have various forms of inside info that you and I do not and cannot have .
Davis simply has a great system based on a very deep understanding and experience that gives him market savvy that is very real .
A very smart guy and he shares it for a fee .
He knows how to use options to great advantage and make money trading .
DowntoEarthThinking
I enjoy your informative materials , Phil ... as it is obviously beneficial to so many " styles " of trading the markets ... long term , swing or day trading the market moves .
As a longer term trader , I really like you long term calls , as I for one recognize the difficulty of calling these , because the further out you go in time , projecting price movement becomes more difficult .
I have to congratulate you for your accuracy ...
You called the March 2009 market upward reversal almost to the day , and the AAPL reversal to THE day .
Only one who has been a student of the economy and the markets over a period of time could have done this , and so many other accurate calls .
I 'm sure it was difficult and consistent work , but it did pay off ... thanks from one who benefited big time !
1234Gel
Many Mac owners , myself included , partition their machine such that the OS is isolated from User data .
Or so they can install two copies of the OS .
Or for any of a number of other reasons .
Of course , as the system and user ’s relationship to the system evolves , it often proves to be the case that the originally chosen partitioning scheme is , well , wrong .
Too much space for OS , not enough for Data .
Or , in the case of Boot Camp , a new technology is released that requires an additional partition on the system ’s drive .
With the 10.4.6 update , the diskutil command has gained the ability to resize partitions , including creating new partitions .
This is via the resizeVolume subcommand :
[ albbum : ~ ] bbum % diskutil resizeVolume Disk Utility Tool Usage : diskutil resizeVolume [ Mount Point| Disk Identifier | Device Node ] size < part1 format part1 Name part1 Size > < part2format part2 Name part2Size > ... Non-destructively resize a disk .
You may increase or decrease its size .
When decreasing size , you may optionally supply a list of new partitions to create .
Ownership of the affected disk is required .
Valid partition sizes are in the format of < number > < size > .
Valid sizes are B ( ytes ) , K( ilobytes ) , M( egabytes ) , G( igabytes ) , T( erabytes ) Example : 10G ( 10 gigabytes ) , 4.23T ( 4.23 terabytes ) , 5 M ( 5 megabytes ) resizeVolume is only supported on GPT media with a Journaled HFS + filesystem .
A size of " limits " will print the range of valid values for the current filesystem .
Example : diskutil resizeVolume disk1s3 10G JHFS +
HDX1 5G MS - DOS HDX2 5G Valid filesystems : " Case - sensitive HFS + " " Journaled HFS + " " Case - sensitive Journaled HFS + " " HFS + " " HFS " " MS - DOS FAT32 " " MS - DOS FAT16 " " MS - DOS " " MS - DOS FAT12 " " UFS " " Linux " " Swap " </size></number></part2format></part1format>
Boot camp requires an MS - DOS Partition for installation .
There can only be one MS - DOS partition in the first three partitions on the disk and it must be the last of the first three partitions ( you can have any number of additional partitions beyond 3 of any type ) .
The example in the above command is telling ; it would resize disk1s3 to 10 gigabytes while creating a new journaled HFS + partition of 5 gigs and an MS - DOS partition of 5 gigs .
Assuming that there is no disk1s0 or disk1s1 ( which happens ) , the end result would be an MS - DOS partition as the last of three partitions , ready for the installation of Windows .
: link_pages issince version 2.1.0 !
Use wp_link_pages ( ) instead .
inon line
