November 12 , 2009
Bethlehem - Ma'an - Richard Golstone , the celebrated war crimes prosecutor who lead UN inquiries on Rwanda , Yugoslavia and Gaza , is obsessed with Israel and cares little for justice , according to Israeli President Shimon Peres .
" Goldstone is a small man , devoid of any sense of justice , a technocrat with no real understanding of jurisprudence , " Peres was quoted as telling Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva on Wednesday .
The Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz reported on Thursday that Peres termed Goldstone 's UN - backed fact - finding inquiry on alleged war crimes committed in Gaza was " a one - sided mission to hurt Israel ...
If anyone should be investigated , it should be him . "
It was the harshest personal attack on Goldstone by a senior Israeli official since the conclusions of his inquiry were made public in late September .
In general , the country 's leadership has avoided criticizing the author , a South African Jew and committed Zionist , and focused more on the Human Rights Council , which critics say focuses undue attention on Israel at the expense of more pressing human rights violators .
Speaking to the president of Brazil , which has voted to endorse the mission twice - once at the UN Human Rights Council and again at the General Assembly - Peres said the South American country had made a grave mistake , Haaretz reported .
" [ W ] hen needed , Israel is a country that can and does investigate and question its actions , " Peres reportedly said in response to calls that Israel take seriously the mission 's findings .
" We have ejected defense ministers and army chiefs following wars . "
In recent weeks , Peres has called the Goldstone report " a great victory for terror " and a " mockery of history " for " failing to distinguish between the aggressor and a state exercising its right for self - defense . "
Hamas , which was found along with other armed groups to have violated international law by firing on civilian population centers , has similarly criticized the report as failing equating " the resistance and the occupier . "
Goldstone served as a judge of the Constitutional Court of South Africa and prosecutor of the International Criminal Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and Rwanda before he was selected by the UN 's rights body to head an inquiry into Israel 's assault on Gaza last winter , which left some 1,400 dead in three weeks .
We 're going down two separate tangents with this article because there are two definitions of the word ' darknet ' .
The first is ' the darknet ' .
In parallel with ' the internet ' , this refers to IP addresses that may well be in use but which are n't publicly known and are n't indexed by search engines .
They have no associated DNS name , so if you do n't know about them then they may as well not exist .
They cover corporate servers that do n't need to be advertised to the world , IP addresses that are allocated but unused and research machines left as bait for hackers and malware .
The second definition ( which is ' darknets ' ) is used to define groups of computers on the internet and the technologies they run that enable them to share digital content .
Traditionally this content is stolen , but as we 'll see , darknets are also providing a method of distributing legitimate content .
Before we delve into that murky world , though , let 's look at how the first ' darknet ' works .
Setting the trap
How do you catch a hacker ?
This question has occupied online security researchers for as long as hackers and malware writers have been a threat .
The problem with internet traffic is its complexity .
How do you determine whether a connection request is legitimate ?
Luckily , the darknet hides an ingenious technique that can spot malicious traffic without fail .
The idea is deceptively simple .
An un-patched computer is left unannounced on a ' dark ' IP address and the researchers wait for it to become infected with malware , or hacked for use as a platform for launching attacks against other targets .
Reports vary , but the time before infection or subversion takes place in these circumstances has been clocked at just four hours from first going online .
However , not all is as it seems .
This harmless - looking computer is nothing of the sort .
It 's actually a sophisticated decoy system running software that takes connection requests and emulates the responses of a real computer , right down to the patch level of its services .
The hacker or malware is caught in a ' honeypot ' , like Winnie the Pooh trying to get at his favourite sticky treat .
Some honeypots are ' sticky ' , meaning they deliberately run slowly to keep hackers busy and to slow the spread of malware .
All interactions with the honeypot are recorded for later analysis , and anti-malware companies develop their products in direct response to the results gathered by their honeypots .
Because of the way the TCP / IP protocol and the internet 's routers work , it 's impossible for traffic to be misdirected unless it 's done deliberately .
Packets may become lost along the way , but that 's a problem of congestion rather than misdirection .
By deliberately placing a honeypot system on a ' dark ' IP address , any connection requests must have come from malware looking for new PCs to infect or from hackers looking for new systems to subvert and take over .
The technique is also known as an ' internet motion sensor ' or ' internet telescope ' .
Using the same technique , researchers can also gauge the level of distributed denial of service ( DDoS ) attacks happening at any one time .
This works because the source addresses of the packets sent in a DDoS attack are usually randomised to make it harder for the victim to quench the ongoing barrage .
The acknowledgement packet sent automatically by the target for each connection request is sent to these random addresses and is known as ' back scatter ' .
Some of these return addresses are dark addresses belonging to online security companies .
Analysis of the received packets can determine the target , and analysis of how packet sequence numbers increase over time can gauge the severity of the attack .
Malware and automated target - identification software automatically scans vast blocks of public IP addresses looking for telltale signs that a computer is listening .
You can monitor for such activity at home using your own honeypot , such as the free Windows Honeybot produced by Atomic Software Solutions .
Reading a puff piece on one of the most disingenuous anti-cannabis activists in America , Dr. Andrea Barthwell of IL and VA , made my eyes roll as the contradictions and hypocrisies kept coming out –like a parade of clowns in one ’s mind .
From Crain ’s Chicago Business
Illinois
— —-
Andrea Barthwell , 55 , provides medical consulting , forensic work and lectures for clients as president of Encounter Medical Group P.C. in River Forest and founder and CEO of EMGlobal LLC , based in Arlington , Va .
What she prescribes :
News from alternative sources such as http://www.projectcensored.org and http://www.reddit.com.
“ Members post stories from a variety of media ; it tells you what people are thinking and talking about . ”
Scouts Chicago Tribune , New York Times and USA Today for health - related human - interest stories ; traveling three weeks a month , reads medical articles via laptop .
An M.D. and former deputy drug czar under George W. Bush , follows A&E ’s “ Intervention . ”
Tweets relevant articles as @DrAGB : “ I ’m an addictionista . ”
A prominent opponent of legalizing marijuana , she consults for a company developing a drug that ’s a marijuana extract “ because drugs are tested under the highest scientific standards and subject to FDA approval ; the crude plant is not . ”
Follows the issue via the Marijuana Policy Project , Naperville - based http://www.educatingvoices.org and http://www.norml.org, the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws .
Finds comfort in Alexander McCall Smith ’s series , “ The No. 1 Ladies ’ Detective Agency , ” based in Botswana .
“ A smart mystery and no loose ends ; everyone winds up happy . ”
Creates iPod playlists for writing , reading and cooking .
In the mix : “ Anything Motown ; Ludacris , Andrea Bocelli and Corinne Bailey Ray .
She can moan like nobody else . ”
Finds new music at http://www.pandora.com.
“ That ’s how I discovered Amy Winehouse . ”
Works crossword puzzles and studies “ The Complete Idiot ’s Guide to Playing Guitar . ”
“ I got a Martin acoustic guitar last Christmas ; I ’m guarding against Alzheimer ’s . ”
Here we go …
Dr. Barthwell has made a career and a lot of money advocating that the American public should be drug tested en mass , all children should be randomly drug tested , students should lose their loans upon a simple cannabis arrest ; as well as the mass arrests , prosecutions and incarcerations of cannabis consumers .
She has testified against medical access to cannabis and that the American farmer should be prohibited from cultivating industrial hemp .
She is one of the relatively few physicians in America that believes that the criminal justice system is preferable to decriminalization .
Then again , it is so much easier to make money when the government does most of the dirty work , creates prohibition - related industries , like the ones that literally bring the clients to the money - makers in handcuffs , such as private prisons or to so - called ‘ addiction specialists ’ like Dr. Barthwell ( since the late 1990s , most of the clients of addiction specialists like Barthwell are forced into their offices after being presented with the Hobson ’s Choice by the government post - arrest of either going to jail or to visit–and pay !
–the Dr. Barthwell ’s of the world ) .
But here is where the ironies and contradictions just have to make one laugh at the absurdity found in some of the self - interested players in cannabis prohibition like Barthwell–a prohibition profiteer to rival any street level drug dealer .
Taking these laugh points on in sequential order …
Dr. Barthwell recommends projectcensored ?
The Projectcensored that recently featured the harms and costs of cannabis prohibition arrests as a highly censored mainstream media topic ?
Dr. Barthwell recommends reading the Chicago Tribune , New York Times and USA Today … but , does she actually read them as , ironically , all of these paper ’s editorial boards ( and most every columnist ) traditionally support both decriminalizing cannabis and medical access to the plant .
One of the specific ways Dr. Barthwell makes money off of cannabis prohibition these days–post doing so on the taxpayer ’s expense while at the ONDCP for years–is to work for pharmaceutical companies that are trying to develop cannabinoid - based pharmaceuticals where she essentially argues that ‘ pills and suppositories ( possibly consisting of pure THC ! ) ’ are A - OK , but a physician - instructed patient is a criminal if they use the whole plant material ; patients should have no access to whole - smoked cannabis .
Period .
Dr. Barthwell claims to monitor opponents like NORML and MPP as well , and that she recommends an extreme anti-cannabis organization called www.educatingvoices.org.
The folks at Educating Voices ( Dr. Barthwell ’s home state anti-cannabis organization in IL ) should be happy she visits their webpage , because according to the webpage ranking site Alexa.com , almost nobody visits their webpage .
If the marketplace of ideas and equal access to information means anything at all , cannabis law reform webpages are much , much more popular than anti-cannabis webpages .
Dr. Barthwell ’s recommendations on music are also ironic to the point of absurd .
Ludacris ?
Dr. Barthwell wants American youth to listen and watch Ludacris ?
The same Ludacris who performs a cannabis - loving rap song in an industrial cannabis cultivation farm that is as bright as the center of the sun ?
Amy Winehouse ?
Do I need to write more ?
By all means Dr. Barthwell , more people should buy and support the musical careers of cannabis consumers like Ludicris and Ms. Winehouse !
Lastly , Dr. Barthwell jests that she ’d like to possibly stave of the affects of Alzheimer ’s by learning how to play a newly acquired Martin guitar .
I have a suggestion :
Why not take guitar lessons from a notable NORML supporter , who happens to own and performs almost daily on the world ’s most famous Martin guitar , who has penned over 2,000 songs and could surely help you possibly stave off the affects of Alzheimer ’s with his ever - present medicine , who has been known to share from time to time , town to town …
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
The Universal Life Church Monastery is the only interfaith ministry worldwide that opens its doors to all who seek to become an ordained minister or wedding officiant .
We enable all faiths ; Christian , Jew , Mormon , Pagan , Wiccan , Baptists , and Atheists to join our Church .
We are a non-denominational congregation of children from the same universe .
The World Economic Forum put out a fascinating new report today , which uses a complex index to rank countries ' economic competitiveness .
The rankings began in 2004 , and this report marks the first time that the U.S. has fallen from the top spot -- replaced by Switzerland , which was ranked second last year . *
I found it really interesting to see what global economists think about various countries , especially the U.S. given its recent economic troubles .
First , if you 'd like to read the entire report , then check it out here ( opens .pdf ) .
At least skimming it is totally worth your time if you have any interest in global business or economics .
I was skeptical at first , but the WEF does a pretty good job of creating an index based on a broad range of variables and respondents .
Here 's the report 's top 20 :
The index considers what they call 12 pillars of global competitiveness .
They include : institutions , infrastructure , macroeconomic stability , health and primary education , higher education and training , goods market efficiency , labor market efficiency , financial market sophistication , technological readiness , market size , business sophistication , and innovation .
They also break down countries into one of five stages of economic development from " Factor Driven " ( least developed ) to " Innovation Driven " ( most developed ) .
The report also contains a detailed profile of each of the 133 nations that it considers .
For the U.S. , here 's the stage of development chart , including a diagram of its robustness of each of the 12 pillars :
And here 's an interesting chart showing the most problematic factors for doing business in the U.S. , based on global economist responses :
Obviously , much of this is difficult to understand in a vacuum , so if you really want to understand what such charts mean , check out the full report .
Context helps .
Speaking of context , which are the areas where the U.S. scored particularly poorly versus other nations ?
After all , it must not have been all smooth sailing , since it lost the top spot .
In fact , its lowest ranking among the pillars came through macroeconomic stability .
It was ranked 93rd -- just barely beating out the Dominican Republic ( #94 ) and Albania ( #95 ) .
Ouch !
Within that pillar , its worst showing was from the " government surplus / deficit " sub-factor , in which it ranked # 122 .
The U.S. tied Kenya and Tajikistan with a score of negative 6.1 .
Apparently , Washington should try to learn from governments in nations like Timor - Leste ( ranked # 1 ) , Libya ( ranked # 2 ) , and Chad ( ranked # 9 ) when it comes to fiscal responsibility .
The report provides the following analysis regarding this factor :
Macroeconomic imbalances also continue to afflict the United States .
Indeed , recent stimulus spending , while meant to head off an even more protracted recession , is increasing the debt burden that will be borne by future generations .
According to the latest estimates published by the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , the fiscal deficit in 2009 is projected to exceed 13 percent of GDP , the ninth year in a row that the federal budget will have shown a deficit .
The IMF also projects deficits at least through 2010 , despite the government 's pledges to rein in spending after the crisis .
In the meantime , the impact of this deficit spending on public debt is alarming , with debt rising sharply from 63 percent of GDP in 2000 to a projected 87 percent of GDP in 2009 and expected to continue to rise in coming years .
With the many long - term claims on the budget -- such as defense , pensions , and other social payments ( including healthcare ) -- the prospects for sustained fiscal adjustment do not seem bright .
It is clear that in order to ensure rising prosperity for future generations , the United States must get its macro house in order rapidly once the crisis subsides .
Another poor showing came from U.S. bank health .
The report says :
Access to finance through various channels has become measurably more difficult , and the assessment of bank solvency has dropped from a rank of 40 last year all the way down to 106th this year ( on a par with countries such as Albania and Mali ) .
Such a drop should n't be surprising , given the troubles of U.S. banks during the financial crisis .
If only we had some way to resolve large financial institutions , perhaps that could help instill better confidence in U.S. banks .
After all , banks that can fail have a much greater incentive to stay solvent .
So what does this ranking really mean ?
Probably very little .
After all , it 's just the opinions of global economists .
But therein may lie the lesson : the U.S. has some room to grow in improving how the rest of the world views its economy .
The report is also useful for its own sake , however , in trying to understand how the world perceives the economies of many nations .
It 's chockfull of fascinating data to that end , which I only managed to present a small fraction of .
* As Felix Salmon points out , this statement is n't quite right .
Somewhat ironically , I based that statement on another article I read about the rankings from Reuters making this claim .
In fact , the specific index they now use was created in 2004 ( per the report ) , not the rankings themselves .
They extend well past that .
And the U.S. had not always been on top , as I only checked the past few years and took Reuters at its word beyond that .
I apologize for not rigorously enough verifying this data point .
The oversight should not have affected the broader piece .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
AAP Jan. 12 , 2001
More men are trying to get back what the surgeon once removed By SUSAN SKILES LUKE
Associated Press Writer
Greg Beirise of Chicago has never quite forgiven doctors for circumcising him 32 years ago , nor his parents for requesting the procedure .
" It always bothered me , " said Beirise , a Web page developer .
" I just wanted to be whole . "
Beirise is one of what many estimate are several thousand men in the United States and other countries who are taking back what doctors cut away at their birth .
Brought together mainly over the Internet , these men - young , retired , straight , gay , blue collar and professional - say they are growing back their foreskin , transforming themselves from circumcised to near natural in a few years for better sex , general comfort and emotional healing .
Beirise has worn a pair of men's tall - size suspenders under his pants for the past four and a half years .
The suspenders are attached to various devices - from first - aid tape to a contraption made of halved plastic Easter eggs and copper wire - that gently stretch the skin on his penis .
His goal : to grow back skin that resembles the foreskin he lost when he was circumcised .
Doctors say men like Beirise , who call themselves " tuggers , " wo n't likely do themselves any harm .
Dr. William Reiner , a psychiatrist and urologist at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine , said trying to regrow foreskin is safe , as long as men avoid cutting off their blood supply , piercing their skin or causing themselves any pain .
[ The irony of this , in the light of the risk and pain of circumcision , is apparently lost on him .
Johns Hopkins is where David Reimer was unsuccessfully turned into a girl after his botched circumcision . ]
Experts say the extent to which the skin grows back depends upon how much was cut away in the first place .
[ Who are these experts ?
It just takes longer . ]
They also say the new skin may not have the same sensitivity as the original would have .
[ True , which is why restoration should give no comfort to those who support circumcision .
But many restorers report greatly improved sensation in the glans . ]
But Reiner says that may not matter to some .
He says men who try to regrow their foreskin may be trying to restore " some sense of sexual function or maleness they think they 've lost . "
" And some are ( trying to ) restore something that was done to them when they were a baby and did n't have any say , " Reiner said .
" These issues are more psychological than physical , and there 's probably some placebo effect that 's very helpful to them , " he said .
[ What studies has Dr Reiner has made of restorers or restoration that justifies him passing these judgements ? ]
The American Academy of Pediatrics in 1999 reversed its support for routine infant circumcision , citing questionable benefits and medical and anecdotal evidence that circumcised men have less penile sensitivity .
It was a move welcomed by R. Wayne Griffiths of Concord , Calif .
The construction engineer and his friend Tim Hammond put ads in local newspapers more than a decade ago inviting men to a support group for those hoping to restore their foreskins .
The first meeting attracted 12 men , Griffiths said .
And the response grew from there .
" We got 25 calls a week for the first few months , " said Griffiths , a 67 - year - old divorced father of five .
Not bad for a subject most men were afraid to mention , he said .
Today , Griffiths says as many as 7,000 men of all descriptions have contacted him online or over the telephone about restoration .
He now heads the National Organization for Restoring Men , or NORM , a group with chapters in 20 states and six countries .
" It used to be hush - hush , " said Leo Freyer , a retired engineering drafter in Spokane , Wash .
" Now it 's mainstream . "
Those interested now buy books written on the topic , the most popular of which , " The Joy of Uncircumcising , " has gone through two editions and is on backorder at Amazon.com .
Some 13,000 copies have been sold so far .
Guided by online instructions , many men make " uncircumcising " devices themselves , using adhesive - backed foam rubber , plumbing washers , empty pill bottles and rubber O - rings , among other things .
They also buy equipment designed for the purpose , including the $ 100 Tug Ahoy , which includes plastic Easter egg halves , and the wares of retired motorcycle dealer Roland Clark of Huntington Beach , Calif. , who sells three patented products online for as much as $ 450 .
Above all , men interested in the subject are computer savvy .
One 3 - year - old online discussion group on restoration has 400 to 650 members at any given time based in the U.S. and 16 other countries , said its moderator , Gary Burlingame .
And Freyer , who edits an online directory , counts 69 Web sites and four chat rooms devoted to the topic , most of which he said have appeared within the past couple of years .
Participants trade ideas and support because doctors often want no part of it , said Dr. Morrie Sorrells , 62 , a retired pediatrician in Atherton , Calif. , who is on the board of NORM and who practices uncircumcising techniques himself .
" The medical profession is conservative and tends to look askance at anything that is lay - oriented , or not originated by medicine , " Sorrells said .
Reiner , the Johns Hopkins psychiatrist , agrees that physicians , for the most part , usually are not comfortable discussing sexual issues with their patients and tend to steer clear of such topics .
For that reason , he said , foreskin restoration remains very much a quiet topic .
Though they are talkative with each other , many of those men - no matter how mainstream they believe the practice is becoming - say they 're not likely to mention their activities in polite company anytime soon .
They say many people do n't understand why they do it .
" Knowledge is the key , " Freyer said .
" They just do n't know what they 're missing . "
On the Net : http://www.norm.org
Twilight New Moon : First review of long awaited sequel
The Twilight Saga : New Moon ( 12A )
Verdict : Disastrous sequel squanders good will created by first movie .
This is a mere six minutes longer than the first Twilight movie , but it feels like six hours .
I gave the original four stars , but the sequel is tedious , long - winded and not so much undead as almost entirely devoid of life .
Disaster : Actors Kristen Stewart ( L ) and Robert Pattinson , in the new Twilight Saga film , New Moon
Even die - hard fans of the franchise may gasp at the excruciatingly long dialogue scenes , directed at the pace of an expiring snail by Chris Weitz , who does an even more dreary , franchise - threatening job here than he did on The Golden Compass .
Teenage girl fans of Stephenie Myers ’ immensely lucrative books wo n’t need to be told that in this sequel our heroine Bella ( Kristen Stewart ) enters her senior year at high school , and is deserted by her vampire boyfriend Edward ( Robert Pattinson ) .
As a result , she becomes wild and reckless , and falls on the rebound for a Native American hunk called Jacob ( Taylor Lautner ) , who has a few life - changing supernatural issues of his own .
Bella ( Kristen Stewart ) and Jacob ( Taylor Lautner ) get close after Edward disappears from her life
At first , I thought Jacob ’s problem might be that he was flamboyantly gay , or moonlighting as a sales assistant at Abercrombie & Fitch .
He spends most of the movie stripped to the waist and wandering into the forest with like - minded guys , all of them heavily muscled and naked except for shorts .
Such scenes seem to be aimed more at confirmed bachelors than at teenage girls .
The script makes frequent reference to Romeo and Juliet , and you may be able to deduce from the trailer that here the Montagues and Capulets are vampires and werewolves .
But there ’s no Mercutio to offer light relief , and the dialogue is far from deathless .
The film fatally fails to make non-fans care about any of the leading characters , and vampirism is made to seem bland and boring .
And Jacob spends most of the movie stripped to the waist and wandering into the forest with his wolf pack
All the fun and frisson have gone out of the central relationship .
Bella does little more than mope .
Edward seems content to pose and look vaguely nauseous , which in view of the script is understandable .
The poorly constructed plot makes Bella do absurd things , like stroll unaccompanied into a forest when she knows that hikers there have been disappearing at an alarming rate , and a particularly vengeful vampire is out to kill her .
Her father is supposedly the chief of police , but when Bella disappears into the woods for hours , and a semi- naked man emerges holding her in his arms , he ca n’t be bothered to ask any questions .
Slightly less scary than an X Factor performance by Jedward , the film is blatantly aimed at girls between 13 and 15 .
That ’s IQ , by the way , not age .
The Twilight Saga : New Moon opens around the country on Friday [ November 20 ]
Light bulbs can be recycled in many forms and uses , although is not a new idea , check this site about reusing light bulb for chemical glassware testers , pretty cool , and here 's another one using the same idea for a hanging vase and for salt and peeper containers ( in french ) , it can be an excellent gift for Valentines ( if you are in to that ) or for any other day of the year .
Finally back in my country in small town fairs they still use them as targets for shooting with airguns , which is better than just toss them in the trash I guess .
Hollowing the light bulb :
There are several instructables that had covered this already , although I first saw it in this site : DIY Hollow Out A Light Bulb , a very good step by step instructions in how to gutted out the bulb , ( and also how to used for tester vessels for boil water and some other uses ) .
Here is another instructable about " How to hollow out a lightbulb and make a stand for it , pretty neat too .
and here a bunch of instructables more about light bulb uses an related stuff .
Enjoy
Recently , my pastor gave a message about the leading causes of money issues in marriage .
He referred to them as “ money minefields ” that if not dealt with ( or defused ) lead to problems in marriage and much of the time divorce .
After listening to the message the second time this past weekend , I think it is one of the most profound messages about money and marriage I ’ve heard .
It gets to the root of money problems and identifies the one true solution .
I hope you ’ll enjoy what I learned .
You can listen to the actual message here .
The 5 Minefields : We Need To Defuse Them
1. Meaning of money
Couples should ask themselves what the meaning of money is to them .
Often times we enter into our marriage with different definitions .
Perhaps its security or perhaps money is the freedom to buy something to make you happy .
“ If you do n’t know what it means to your spouse , you will be talking in foreign languages ” , as my pastor said .
It ’s important to have this discussion and get on the same page .
2. Gender differences
For most males , their need , when it comes to money , is to provide for their family .
They like to carry this burden .
For most females , their need is to make sure the family is provided for .
The challenge , as mentioned , is when the husband might work longer to provide , but the wife thinks his work is his top priority over family .
The husband sees it just the opposite .
For some husbands , just because they are working hard , it does n’t mean they love their jobs more than their families .
Obviously , too much work can cause the relationship to suffer .
My pastor said couples must seek the right balance to confront this issue .
3. Priorities
When we enter into marriage , we enter with different priorities for money too .
There is always the question between couples on how they are going to spend their money .
Should we buy , save , invest , give , etc. and in what order ?
Where will we give ?
On what will we spend our money ?
If priorities are different ; you ’re heading for trouble .
4. Debt
According to my pastor , 43 % of American families spend more than they earn in any given year .
The average family carries $ 8000 in credit card debt ( without car and home loans ) .
In his words , “ American families are going down the tube ! ” Buying now and paying later is not a good plan .
43 % of American families spend more than they earn in any given year .
It may seem to be a good plan at the moment , but you often wish you had n’t signed the 5 year car note with monthly payments that squeeze money out of other important areas of the family budget .
Unfortunately , this is our culture and for those who are avoiding debt , getting out of debt and staying out of debt , they are “ swimming upstream . ”
5 . Using money as a smoke screen
Sometimes money can just be the symptom to other issues .
For example , an argument may occur about some issue which results in one of the spouses going out and spending out of frustration .
The argument then becomes about carless spending and not the source of the problem which can be a number of things .
Sometimes , money is used to take out frustration or anger on the other spouse and it mask the real problem .
The key is to recognize the root cause and deal with it
Why Does Money Cause Such A Problem ?
Why Are Minefields Present ?
As we learn in Luke 12:15 , “ a man ’s life does n’t consist in the abundance of his possessions . ”
If we focus on things and put money and material possessions in front of our family and marriage we are heading for disaster .
Greed will sneak into your life and be there before you know it .
a man ’s life does n’t consist in the abundance of his possessions .
Luke 12:15
“ If you look deep behind greed you will always find fear . ”
This was the most profound part of the message for me .
Greed is the symptom .
Fear is the root cause .
The fear drives our focus on money which will separate our relationship .
For example , fear is what causes us to want to have what our neighbors have .
Fear causes us to be concerned about what others will say or think when we say no to spending money on certain things .
Fear causes us to say things to our spouse about money we wish we had never said .
Solution : How Money Can Be A Bond In Your Marriage
1. Recognize that it ’s God ’s money , not ours .
God owns everything ( Psalms 24:1 ) .
We must get on the same page with this Biblical principle and believe by faith that only God gives us the ability to work and earn !
2 . God has entrusted his money to both in the marriage .
We are to use money as God wants us to use money ( 1 Corinthians 4 : 1 - 2 ) .
We are to give , save and spend it wisely .
Using money as God wants us to will lead to unity in our marriage .
Managing money wisely , with the same values , shared decisions on a shared budget will lead to building a strong marriage .
What are some other money related challenges , or “ minefields ” couples encounter ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An ambulance crew was attacked in Belfast city centre while answering an emergency call - out after the switching on of the city 's Christmas lights .
Rival groups of young people were involved in sectarian clashes during Monday night 's switching on ceremony .
The crew was attacked by up to 30 youths who threw missiles as they went to help two 15 - year - old girls who were hit by a car in College Square North .
Police officers had to be called to disperse the crowd .
" It is a credit to their professionalism that they stayed with the patients while these missiles were raining down and landing just feet away from them , " an ambulance service spokesman said .
Earlier on Monday night , windows were broken in two vehicles in the North Street area and fires were started in Castle Street .
Two males , aged 19 and 17 , and a 14 - year - old girl were arrested , but have been released pending further reports .
Hundreds of people , including many young children , were at the City Hall for the annual ceremony .
' Young yobs '
The lights were switched on by the popular children 's television character , Bob the Builder .
East Belfast DUP councillor Robin Newton said the violence was " depressing " .
We can't assume it has gone away
Belfast Mayor Naomi Long on sectarianism
" The young yobs that are out to have a go at each other just do n't care if innocent children are injured in the process and deserve to be treated severely by the courts when caught , " he added .
The MP for South Belfast , Dr Alasdair McDonnell , said it was a " sad throw back to the darker days of this city " .
" The reality is that sectarianism is alive and kicking among certain sections of our young people who did n't grow up through the Troubles , " he added .
The Mayor of Belfast , Councillor Naomi Long , said it was " most disappointing because it was in stark contrast to the fantastic atmosphere at the actual event itself " .
Ms Long explained that the festivities were particularly targeted at young families and children this year and said it was " very sad " that anyone would come along to it " intent on causing destruction " .
Reputational damage
She added that such incidents are detrimental to the long - term image of Belfast , and could discourage tourists and investors .
" It 's not only damaging to business , it 's also very distressing and frightening for people who get caught up in it , whose cars are damaged or who witness it these kinds of incidents , and that is damaging to our reputation as a city , " she said .
" There is a lot of work being done both in local communities and through the council to try and deal with issues such as sectarianism because we can't assume it has gone away , and I think we would all be realistic about that .
" What we had hoped was that the violence that accompanied it on many occasions would have come to an end , but obviously that 's not the case either . "
However , she said the incidents must be put in context as they involved a small number of people at an otherwise successful event .
It is not the first time there has been trouble on the fringes of the Belfast switch - on .
In 2007 two policemen were injured , again in the Castle Street area , during a disturbance as people were leaving the event .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Logikusan csak huszonnégy zónának kellene lennie , de több ország is fél- , sőt negyedórákkal variál .
Egy alaszkai kisvárosban kétszer megy le a nap , és amikor Kiribatiban szerda van , a Baker - szigeten még csak hétfő .
Az ókori sumérok is ünnepelték , hogy a nappalok hosszabbodni kezdenek , a rómaiak egy hétig buliztak , az urak pedig helyet cseréltek a rabszolgákkal .
Jézus születésének ünnepét a 4 . században egy pápai rendelet tette december végére , sok keresztény ellenezte ezt .
Netes mozgalom indult azért , hogy Magyarország a kelet - európai időzónához csatlakozzon .
Tovább lenne világos télen is , de a koránkelők nem örülnének a reggeli sötétségnek .
Ön bagoly vagy pacsirta ?
Váltsunk időzónát !
– követelik a TimeZoneJump 2009 nevű kezdeményezés támogatói Tumblr - en , Twitteren , online petícióban és Facebookon .
Eretnek gondolatnak tűnhet , hogy a finn - ukrán - román - görög - izraeli időzónához csatlakozzunk , pedig voltak cifrább váltások is az elmúlt évtizedekben .
Az időzóna rövid története
Az emberiség egyébként elég sokáig jól elvolt időzónák nélkül .
A középkorban például minden település a nap helyi járását vette alapul az időméréshez .
A nagyobb városokban ezt napórával vagy más eszközzel ( homokóra , gyertyaóra ) próbálták pontosan követni , a kisebb falvakban pedig – kis túlzással – akkor harangoztak delet , amikor a kántor megéhezett .
Ez a rendszer nem volt pontos , de működött , és napjainkban sem tűnt el – ugye mindenkinek megvan a sztori a vidéki nagypapáról / dédpapáról , aki felnézett az égre , és percre pontosan megmondta , mennyi az idő ?
A világ időzónái ( forrás : Wikipedia )
Az időzónázás gyökereihez 1675 - be kell visszamennünk , amikor Angliában II .
Károly parancsára megépítették Greenwichben a királyi obszervatóriumot .
A létesítmény feladata az volt , hogy segítsen a hajósoknak a navigálásban , illetve meghatározni a hosszúsági köröket a tengeren .
Az obszervatóriummal együtt megszületett a greenwichi középidő ( Greenwich Mean Time , GMT ) fogalma is .
Az első időzónára 1847 decemberéig kellet várni , és erre is a közlekedés miatt volt szükség : brit vasúttársaságok ekkor vezették be , hogy a GMT szerint kezdtek el járni .
Öt évvel később az obszervatóriumból először továbbítottak időadatokat távírón , és innentől nem volt megállás : 1855 - ben már gyakorlatilag egész Anglia GMT -t használt ( bár ezt csak 1880 - ban tették hivatalossá ) .
1868 - ban az akkor még brit gyarmat Új - Zéland megalapította a második időzónát ( új - zélandi középidő , GMT + 11,5 óra ) , miközben Amerikában ekkortájt kezdtek el gondolkozni azon , miként lehetne megoldani azt a problémát , hogy a vonatok nem egységes idő szerint járnak .
A vasúttársaságok ugyanis saját id őszámítást alkalmaztak , így például a pittsburghi állomás kénytelen volt hat különböző időt figyelni .
A tarthatatlan helyzet 1883 .
november 18 - án oldódott meg , amit a két dél napjaként is emlegetnek .
Addigra a vállalatok megegyeztek arról , hogy öt időzóna fogja átszelni Amerikát , és minden vasútállomáson visszaállították délre az órákat , amikor az adott időzóna szerint ennek eljött az ideje .
Késésben a Föld
Akkorra már világossá vált , hogy elkerülhetetlen a világon egységes időzónák bevezetése .
Ennek gondolatát már 1858 - ban felvetette egy olasz matematikus , Quirico Filopanti ( Rómához igazított időkkel , természetesen ) , de a kanadai Sandford Fleming volt az , aki évtizedekkel később kidolgozta a mai rendszer alapjait , amit az 1884 októberében megrendezett Nemzetközi Meridián Konferencián több jelentős módosítással elfogadtak .
„ Phileas Fogg , anélkül , hogy sejtette volna , egy nappal megelőzte útitervét - mégpedig kizárólag azért , mert kelet felé utazta körül a földet , míg ha ellenkező irányban , vagyis nyugat felé ment volna , akkor veszített volna egy napot .
Phileas
Fogg ugyanis keletnek tartva állandóan a nap felé haladt , és ezért számára minden egyes nap annyiszor négy percet rövidült , ahányszor szélességi fokot érintett kelet felé . ”
– Jules Verne : Nyolcvan nap alatt a Föld körül ( Csatlós János fordítása )
A konferencián a Greenwichen áthaladó hosszúsági kört jelölték ki nulla foknak , azaz kezd ő meridiánnak , az ehhez tartozó idő a már korábban megalkotott GMT lett .
Rögzítették azt is , hogy a Csendes - óceánt átszelő 180 fokos hosszúsági körnél legyen a dátumválasztó vonal , amitől keletre tegnap van , tőle nyugatra viszont ma .
A 360 fokot 15 fokonként egy - egy , összesen 24 időzónára osztották ( tehát minden fok 4 percet jelent , ugyebár ezzel játszott el Verne is a Nyolcvan nap alatt a Föld körülben ) .
1929 - re gyakorlatilag minden ország és gyarmat elfogadta ezeket az időzónákat , bár volt , ahol eltérésekkel .
A rendszeren később csak akkor kellett kisebb változtatást eszközölni , amikor a XX .
század második felében megjelentek a halálpontos atomórák .
Ekkor ugyanis az is kiderült , hogy egy nap nem pontosan 86400 másodperc , és hamarosan arra is rájöttek a tudósok , hogy a Föld forgása alig észrevehetően , de lassul .
A helyzet kezelésére 1961 - ben az International Atomic
Time nevű szervezet létrehozta a koordinált világidőt ( Universal Time Coordinated , UTC ) , ami átlagosan 18 havonta beiktatott szök őmásodpercekkel kezeli a globális anomáliát - legutóbb tavaly szilveszterkor volt ilyen .
A GMT - nek ezzel leáldozott , az időzónák ma már a pontosabb UTC-t veszik alapul , az operációs rendszerek és a szoftverek többsége is ezt használja .
Atomóra
Akik nem tisztelik az időzónákat
Magyarországon UTC+1 óra van , azaz nálunk közép - európai időt mérnek ( Central European Time , CET ) .
Ez logikus , mert pár keleti hektárt leszámítva az ország teljesen beleesik a saját időzónájába ( + 7,5 foktól +22,5 fokig ) , és ezzel nincs is különösebb bajunk – Nagykanizsa például emlékművet emelt a várost átszelő 17 fokos hosszúsági körnek .
Éppen ezért első hallásra eretnek gondolatnak tűnhet átmenni egy szomszédos időzónába , pedig Európában is találunk erre példákat .
Franciaország például szintén CET-t használ annak ellenére , hogy területileg inkább UTC - hez tartozna , hiszen átmegy rajta a kezdő meridián .
Az országban korábban GMT -t mértek , de a második világháború alatt áttértek CET - re , és úgy megtetszett nekik , hogy azóta sem álltak vissza .
De említhetnénk a még nyugatabbra levő Spanyolországot is , ahol szintén CET -t mutat az óra .
A 17 . hosszúsági kör emlékműve ( Wikipedia )
Ha körülnézünk a többi kontinensen , azt látjuk , hogy még nagyobb a kupleráj .
Az időzónák zónaidői a UTC - től általában egész órában térnek el , de például Ázsiában és Ausztrália környékén vannak fél- és negyedórás eltérések is – emiatt a logikus 24 időzóna helyett 40 időzóna létezik .
A nepáli időt például úgy kapjuk meg , ha UTC - hez hozzáadunk öt és háromnegyed órát , Iránban UTC +3:30 szerint folyik az élet , Ausztrália három időzónája pedig UTC+8 , UTC+9:30 és UTC+10 .
Az is eléggé zavarba ejtő , hogy nagy kelet - nyugati kiterjedésű , földrajzilag több időzónába tartozó országok képesek egyetlen időzónát használni .
Indiában például mindenhol UTC + 5:30 van , az öt időzónán elterülő Kínában pedig mindenhol pekingi időt , UTC+ 8 - at mérnek ( 1949 óta van ez így , demonstrálandó a nemzeti egységet ) .
Ennek eredményeként Kína nyugati felén délután háromkor delel a nap , és a két szomszédos ország közötti legnagyobb időeltérés is ennek köszönhető : ha egy kínai átsétál Afganisztánba , három és fél órával kell visszatekernie az óráját .
Az elmúlt évtizedekben többször is volt példa arra , hogy egy ország zónaidőt váltott .
Portugália például 1966 - ban áttért UTC - ről CET - re , majd 1976 - ban vissza UTC - re , 1992 - ben megint CET - re , végül 1996 - ban ismét UTC - re .
Alaszkában korábban négy időzóna volt , ebből 1967 - ben hármat , majd 1983 - ban kettőt hagytak meg , hogy gördülékenyebb legyen a kommunikáció .
Ennek lett egy érdekes következménye : a Csukcs - tenger mellett , az északi fekvő Kotzebue városban minden évben augusztus 8 - án egy nap alatt két naplementét csodálhatnak meg a helyiek .
Kiribati parlamentje
Az egyik leghíresebb időzónaváltás Kiribatié .
A 37 szigetből álló csendes - óceáni országot átszeli az elméleti dátumválasztó vonal , amihez korábban a gyakorlatban is igazodtak , ennek eredményeként az ország nyugati felében mindig egy nappal előbbre jártak a naptárak , mint a keleti felében .
Ezt 1995 - ben elégelték meg , és a tegnapi országrészt is áthozták a mába azzal , hogy létrehozták a kedvéért az UTC - hez képest legkeletibb időzónát , az UTC + 14 - et .
Az alig százezres lakosú országban így ma is három időzóna szerint mérnek időt , de ezek csak egy - egy órával térnek egy egymástól .
Ezzel is együtt jár egy érdekes jelenség : mivel a legkeletebbi időzóna és a legnyugatabbi , a Baker - szigeten használt UTC - 12 között 26 óra a különbség , minden nap vannak olyan órák , amikor a Földön három dátumot használnak az aktuális napra .
Amikor nálunk kedd délután egy óra van , akkor Kiribati keleti felén már szerda hajnal , a Baker - szigeten viszont még csak hétfő éjjel .
Craig Mrusek is a Pittsburgh - based illustrator and writer who amidst creating his wonderful illustrations , writes regular columns on vintage and contemporary cocktails under the name “ Dr. Bamboo ” .
Craig also does a column titled “ Last Call ” for the tongue - in - cheek retro quarterly Bachelor Pad Magazine , as well as a monthly column for BarNoneDrinks.com .
This is one multi-faceted and busy guy .
We were lucky enough to have him answer some questions for us about his art and love of spirits .
You can check out lots more of his artwork at his site : www.cm-id.com
And for your cocktails and “ spirit ” ual pleasure , be sure to check out Dr. Bamboo : www.drbamboo.blogspot.com
Click the link below for the complete interview and more artwork !
I like that you work in variety of different styles , from traditional illustrations to the more modern vector artwork .
What is your favorite medium to work in ?
I like working in pen and ink .
There ’s something about using just a pencil and pen on paper that ’s very gratifying in a physical sense … it has an immediacy and a permanence that I do n’t necessarily feel when I ’m working digitally .
That being said , I almost never do anything these days that is n’t tinkered with to some degree in Photoshop …even if it ’s just cleaning up some goofs .
You have an impressive client list .
Do you prefer the client - based work or the non-paying personal work ?
Obviously , personal stuff is a lot of fun because I can pretty much do whatever I like , and I think most people enjoy that latitude .
But I ’ve had jobs for clients that I enjoyed the heck out of because the subject matter or the angle was interesting .
For me , the enjoyment boils down to the idea .
If I can get jazzed about an illustration conceptually , I ’m there .
I ’ve done pro bono work where I ’ve put in a lot of time & energy because I was excited about the idea .
You ’ve noted , along with many local creatives , that you “ get defensive when people treat the ‘ Burgh like a cultural wasteland .
And “ often have to point out all the stuff we have going on to out - of - towners ” .
What do you think we have to do to get the old industrial stigma to go away ?
There ’s already been some great progress in shifting the traditional perception of Pittsburgh , so I think we just need to keep that momentum going .
Whatever you choose to attribute it to , this city managed to avoid becoming a rust belt casualty , and that ca n’t be overstated .
I think continuing to emphasize and promote the ways in which Pittsburgh accomplished that is the best way to put our best foot forward , collectively speaking .
The phrase I find myself saying over and over again to visitors is , “ Pittsburgh has the same things that much bigger cities have … you just have to look for them . ”
This town rewards effort , and if you ’re willing to poke around a bit , you ’ll find plenty of interesting things going on .
In my experience , the best thing you can do to really show what this city has to offer is to simply get people out in it .
Every time I drive a friend or relative around and point out various things , the reaction is always , “ I had no idea Pittsburgh had anything like this ” or , “ I ’d never have guessed you guys had this kind of stuff going on . ”
Cities like Portland and Austin get a lot of press for having a quirky , distinctive cultural scene , and I do n’t see any reason why Pittsburgh ca n’t gain a reputation for that too .
We just need to promote it effectively .
Just to stroke your ego , you are my new hero .
I just so happen to love vintage / retro culture and Dr. Bamboo , shall we call it your alter - ego , writes intoxicating reviews and recipes for cocktails .
How did this come about ?
Were you a bartender in a previous life ?
Thanks !
That ’s very kind of you , so consider it stroked .
I do get asked frequently if I ’m a bartender , and although I make drinks for friends & family , I ’ve never worked behind a bar professionally .
As for how I got started writing about cocktails , it was n’t something I set out to do with any particular goal in mind .
I ’d been casually interested in cocktails in the mid-90 ’s when my wife gave me a copy of the Mr. Boston ’s book ( a widely published bar guide that is a handbook of sorts for bartenders ) .
I did n’t really get caught up in the history and techniques of making them until a few years ago when my mother - in - law gave me a copy of Vintage Spirits and Forgotten Cocktails , which really opened my eyes to a number of great classic cocktails and ingredients .
Right around that time I also stumbled on a great cocktail - themed blog called Kaiser Penguin .
Rick Stutz , the guy behind the site , encouraged me to start my own cocktail blog , and I figured it would be a way to explore drink - making and an excuse to do some fun artwork .
That was in early ’ 07 , and since then , Bachelor Pad Magazine and BarNoneDrinks both invited me to write and illustrate regular columns for them .
As an example for the home audience of why you are my new hero … you actually broke your spiced rum reviews into such nit -picky categories as whether or not there is a pirate ship or map on the label , spice - itude , and Coke compatibility .
I love it .
Can you just enjoy a drink when you go into a bar , or are you constantly judging ?
I tend to only notice if a drink is really bad or something is drastically out of place .
I think people expect us booze nerds to put every drink that comes our way under a microscope , but that ’s silly and pretentious .
I hate snobbery , and going out of your way to be judgmental is poor manners in my opinion .
It ’s also unrealistic .
I would n’t expect your average bar to make a flawless Sazerac or Mai Tai any more than I ’d expect to walk into the local diner and be served a 4 - star meal .
So when I go to a bar , I ’m just looking for a good , solid drink .
But I do admit I ’ll sometimes take a peek to see if they ’re using fresh juices , what kind of ice they have , etc .
Sometimes I ca n’t help myself .
You write monthly drink columns for BarNoneDrinks.com as well as in Bachelor Pad Magazine , as well as your own Dr. Bamboo blog .
If you could , would you give up illustration to be a full time cocktail columnist ?
I do n’t think I could ever just completely walk away from drawing .
As much as I enjoy writing , it does n’t scratch all the creative itches .
There ’s times when picking up a pencil and doodling is the only thing that will do .
You were also recently listed as one of “ The 25 Most Influential Online Cocktail Pioneers ” in the book Vintage Spirits and Forgotten Cocktails .
That ’s a pretty awesome title to have bestowed upon oneself .
Does that put the pressure on when hosting parties ?
I avoid that pressure largely by not hosting parties !
Seriously though , I ’m generally a social guy and I love getting together with people , but I ’m not a big party - thrower .
Every so often I ’ll have a friend or two over , but that ’s about it .
However , I ’m often tagged as the drink expert and that can be a little intimidating … like I ’m expected to have comprehensive knowledge of all facets of the cocktail universe .
I tell people I ’m an “ enthusiast ” , not an expert .
I ’m just a geek with a slightly larger - than - average liquor cabinet .
Is there a possible career in providing label designs for alcohol and merging your talents ?
I doubt there ’s anyone who makes a career solely designing labels for alcohol brands , but I bet it would be a fun gig .
I got a small taste of it when the two guys who do the cocktail blog The Scofflaw ’s Den asked me to design labels for their homemade bitters and Amer Picon .
It was a blast , and I ’d love to someday do a label for a mass - market spirit , wine or beer brand .
Any future plans of producing your own liquor brand , vintage cocktails book , or maybe a Dr. Bamboo Tiki lounge ?
Although I ’ve had a few original cocktail recipes published in other people ’s books , I do n’t currently have any plans to put out one of my own .
But I ’d certainly love the opportunity to work on one !
As for starting up my own liquor brand or theme bar , both of those require a tremendous amount of knowledge ( and work ! ) , so I ’ll leave that to the professionals for now .
And do n’t forget … you can also check out Craig ’s regular columns / articles / illustrations in :
Bachelor Pad Magazine : http://www.bachelorpadmagazineonline.com/
BarNoneDrinks.com : http://www.barnonedrinks.com/tips/articles/dr-bamboo/
-jp
Sgt. Jones , a spokesperson for the New Jersey State Police , confirmed that a bullet was found which struck the siding of Dobbs ’ house .
However , he pointed out that Dobbs ’ residence is located in a “ very rural ” area .
“ With hunting season starting up , ” such incidents are “ not at all uncommon , ” Jones told us .
Is someone angry enough at Lou Dobbs to shoot at his house ?
ThinkProgress says it ’s more likely Dick Cheney was hunting nearby
I have reasons to doubt Lou Dobbs .
Why did n’t he report harassing calls to the police before this incident ?
One call , maybe I ’d let it go ; but a second or third call ?
That would have me worried enough to , well , call someone .
My hunch is that Dobbs is playing up a this episode for attention the same way Beck did last week .
Even if there is someone gunning for Dobbs , it ’s probably a regular viewer .
When you talk about fringe issues , you attract fringe fans ; but if you are n’t fringy enough for them , they can turn on you .
Because they ’re insane .
It ’s the price of stovepiping Teh Crazy™ .
The Cold War made for strange partners -- including the CIA and a well - known magician named John Mulholland .
In 1953 , Mulholland was hired by the C.I.A. to adapt his craft for its agents .
The documents he produced , long thought destroyed , were discovered in 2007 by two C.I.A. historians , who have recently published " The Official C.I.A. Manual of Trickery and Deception . "
What could a magician teach spies ?
Much sleight of hand , apparently , that could be used for dosing drinks , passing pills and exchanging messages .
And then there were the covert signals , including some that could be sent by tying your shoelaces in special patterns .
The Boston Globe has illustrated some of the tricks in this marvelous slideshow .
In an accompanying piece at the Globe , Tom Scocca writes :
In the superpower struggle for power and influence around the world , the CIA was secretly funding and engineering everything from literary journals to coups and armed rebellions .
It was total warfare , but with creeping breadth in place of nuclear intensity .
Both the ideas and techniques of secret war pervaded the culture -- the corrosive belief in hidden conspiracy and the nifty thrill of spycraft itself , the codes and disguises and miniature cameras ....
Today Mulholland ’s account of real - world stagecraft amounts to an etiquette manual for a lost moment of history .
That moment is lost , as he says , because many of the methods used depended on the context of the tricks .
In those days , men could be counted on to wear suit jackets , which had predictable internal and external pockets .
Enough people smoked so that a matchbook could be used as a prop without attracting attention .
If there might be contemporary cognates for these -- jeans , say , or Blackberries -- the social context back then was different as well .
Performing a trick depends upon expected behavior , and how men and women interact has changed since 1953 -- in a few ways , at least .
If the tricks in this book no longer apply , exactly , they do illuminate a mysterious interlude in our country 's past :
When a guy who'd made his living pulling a rabbit out of a hat showed C.I.A. agents how to do their jobs .
-- Carolyn Kellogg
This is rich coming from the likes of Liz Cheney .
She 's worried about the terrorists having " a public platform where they can spew venom " .
Well the " mainstream media " has given you and your daddy one , so what 's the problem ?
Pat Leahy explained why this fear mongering is utter nonsense on Face the Nation today .
What she 's worried about are her father 's pesky war crimes coming to light .
Not that Chris Wallace would ever ask her about that , would you Chrissy ?
WALLACE : Liz , what do you worry about most , the security threat to New York , the possible danger that intelligence secrets will be disclosed , the possibility one of these guys will get off , or something else ?
What 's your biggest concern ?
CHENEY : You know , I think it is absolutely unconscionable that we are a nation at war and that the president of the United States simultaneously is denying our troops on the ground in Afghanistan the resources that they need to prevail to win that war while he ushers terrorists onto the homeland .
He 's going to put these terrorists in a courthouse that is six blocks from where over 2,000 Americans were killed on the worst attack in history on the American homeland .
He 's going to give them a public platform where they can spew venom , where they can preach jihad , where they can reach out and recruit other terrorists .
And it is totally unnecessary .
When the attorney general says that he 's bringing them to justice , he 's ignoring the fact that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed asked 11 months ago to be executed for Allah .
He asked to plead guilty and be executed .
We should have said , " All right , you 've got it . "
Instead , we 're bringing him and his cohorts to America .
We 're giving them the constitutional rights of American citizens .
And the attorney general throughout the day on Friday talked about this as a crime .
He said in that same interview Mara is talking about that this will be treated like any other crime .
10,000 Roman coins unearthed by amateur metal detector enthusiast ... on his first ever treasure hunt
A massive haul of more than 10,000 Roman coins has been unearthed by an amateur metal detecting enthusiast - on his first ever treasure hunt .
The silver and bronze ' nummi ' coins , dating from between 240AD and 320AD , were discovered in a farmer 's field near Shrewsbury , in Shropshire , last month .
Finder Nick Davies , 30 , was on his first treasure hunt when he discovered the coins , mostly crammed inside a buried 70 lb clay pot .
Strike it lucky : Nick Davies found this amazing haul of 10,000 Roman coins on his first ever treasure hunt
Experts say the coins have spent an estimated 1,700 years underground .
The stunning collection of coins , most of which were found inside the broken brown pot , was uncovered by Nick during a search of land in the Shrewsbury area - just a month after he took up the hobby of metal detecting .
His amazing find is one of the largest collections of Roman coins ever discovered in Shropshire .
And the haul could be put on display at Shrewsbury 's new £ 10 million heritage centre , it was revealed today .
It is also the biggest collection of Roman coins to be found in Britain this year .
Nick , from Ford , Shropshire , said he never expected to find anything on his first treasure hunt - especially anything of any value .
He recalled the discovery and described it as ' fantastically exciting ' .
Nick said : ' The top of the pot had been broken in the ground and a large number of the coins spread in the area .
' All of these were recovered during the excavation with the help of a metal detector .
' This added at least another 300 coins to the total - it 's fantastically exciting .
I never expected to find such treasure on my first outing with the detector . '
The coins have now been sent to the British Museum for detailed examination , before a report is sent to the coroner .
Experts are expected to spend several months cleaning and separating the coins , which have fused together .
They will also give them further identification before sending them to the coroner .
A treasure trove inquest is then expected to take place next year .
Peter Reavill , finds liaison officer from the Portable Antiquities Scheme , records archaeological finds made by the public in England and Wales ,
He said the coins were probably payment to a farmer or community at the end of a harvest .
Speaking to the Shropshire Star , Mr Reavill said the coins appear to date from the period 320 AD to 340 AD , late in the reign of Constantine I .
He said : ' The coins date to the reign of Constantine I when Britain was being used to produce food for the Roman Empire .
' It is possible these coins were paid to a farmer who buried them and used them as a kind of piggy - bank . '
Mr Reavill said that among the coins were issues celebrating the anniversary of the founding of Rome and Constantinople .
In total the coins and the pot weigh more than 70lb .
He added : ' This is probably one of the largest coin hoards ever discovered in Shropshire .
' The finder , Nick Davies , bought his first metal detector a month ago and this is his first find made with it .
' The coins were placed in a very large storage jar which had been buried in the ground about 1,700 years ago . '
However , Mr Reavill declined to put a figure on either the value of the coins or the pot until the findings of the inquest are known , but he described the discovery as a ' large and important ' find .
10 . Mr. Gist Croft Skin cells from a patient with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis were reprogrammed to become stem cells that then differentiated into motor neurons , the cells afflicted in the disease .
Gist Croft of Columbia University and Mackenzie Weygandt of Project ALS used an inverted fluorescent microscope to take snapshots of the motor neurons ’ 25 - micron - wide nuclei ( green ) and their long , connecting fibers , or axons ( red ) , to compare diseased cells with their healthy counterparts ...
The article was removed by request of the author .
Further research has resulted in an altered view and the publication of a book .
The book will be published in February 2013 for Leuven / Cornell University Press .
December 25 , 2012
An increasing number of attacks carried out over the internet have explicitly political goals , according to a report by security firm McAfee .
The US , Russia , France , Israel and China are armed with cyberweapons , the report said , with the UK , Germany and North Korea preparing for a future in which conflict is partly conducted through the internet .
Many nations are arming to defend themselves in a cyber war and readying forces to conduct their own attacks , the 2009 Virtual Criminology Report said .
The UK government recently announced plans to create a central Office of Cyber Security ( OCS ) to deal with the rising level of online attacks .
" The OCS will have a role in coordinating offensive capabilities and , in extreme cases , would have the ability to mount a cyber attack in response to intrusions on UK networks , " the report said .
A cyberattack against government networks and critical infrastructures can result in physical damage and death , the report said .
" Today the weapons are not nuclear , but virtual , and everyone must adapt to these threats , " said Dave DeWalt , chief executive at McAfee .
In most developed countries , critical infrastructure is connected to the internet and lacks proper security functions , leaving these installations vulnerable , the report said .
Critical infrastructure is privately owned in many countries , which the report said makes it a huge target for cyberwarfare .
The report , based on contributions by more than 20 international relations experts , calls for a public discussion on cyberwarfare .
Without insight into the government 's cyberdefence strategy , the private sector is not able to be proactive and take proper precaution , the report said .
Cyber attacks will increasingly become a component of war in the next 20 to 30 years , according to report contributor William Crowell , a former deputy director of the US National Security Agency .
" What I can't foresee is whether networks will be so pervasive and unprotected that cyber war will stand alone , " he said .
This paintings gallery is the old project of the Russian Paintings Gallery existing on the Net since 2004 .
Merchandising paintings by the contemporary Russian painters is the main goal of the site .
Painters from everywhere on the planet may build their own painting exposition for free to exhibit and sell artworks .
We offer art experts and painting lovers a chance to touch both the masterpieces by avowed professional painters and the artworks by amateur painters .
Everybody can purchase a painting directly from its artist and frequently cheaper than in common galleries .
Painters state the value of their paintings by themselves .
Customers can purchase paintings straightforwardly from painters , their sale representatives or painting proprietors .
The gallery provides optional escrow services in transactions , as well as the ones on processing export documents and delivering artworks to the customers .
Almost everybody can feel the beautiful , relish the endless variety of the surrounding world colors , perceive the harmony and balance of forms and lines , and sense the beat of life .
A true painting is a stopped moment of the eternal reality of life skillfully conveyed by the painter .
Sometimes , looking at a picture you begin to feel the symphony of paints , the special sound conveying you the mood and feelings put into the artwork by its creator .
You develop the sense of sympathy with the painting heroes and desire to understand their feelings and thoughts of the moment .
Perhaps a painting is the way of calming and diving into yourselves after a long working day or the opportunity to collect the thoughts , remember fine moments in the life , relish a beautiful image or feel the warmth of the sun and real sincere relations .
Anyway , the picturesque painting is the whole world and if , looking at a picture , you feel that this world begins to vibrate with your inner world , forces you to stop and fills your heart with the feeling of the real life , you have found your painting .
In our gallery there are paintings of different genres and styles .
This makes your journey on our site interesting and informative .
If you want to choose a picture for the office , your home or apartment , choose a suitable gift for your friends , enrich your collection with a new masterpiece , you may need the sense of beauty that is hidden deep within you .
When you feel like having a lot in common with the state put into a painting by its painter , this picture is the one you need and perhaps it is worth buying .
Having bought and hung a painting on the wall , you change the interior making it more cosy and giving joy to people looking at it .
Paintings inspire us to open a new world around us .
Being unique echo of reality , each artwork has a unique character making our interior interesting and fresh .
Bearing a little part of its painter ’s talent , each picture fills our lives with light , inspires us to the aspiration for the better , induces us to live relishing the beautiful , reminds us of our dreams , wakes up our imagination , evokes our memories about beautiful places and memorable landscapes and teaches us to see the harmony and feel the vibration of life .
The real painting is the work of art .
It can enliven any interior , convey a particular mood .
It often happens that , while in the room , you feel empty and oppressive cold walls .
Competently bought and correctly hanged pictures will help to rectify the situation .
They will give the cozy atmosphere to all space , will not allow you get bored and will introduce harmony of beauty and perfection into your life .
An author ’s painting absorbed the vibration of life , the soul of the painter .
For the interior , in which you spend most of the time , it is better to buy an original painting created by the artist 's hand in oil on canvas .
Paintings most often causes positive emotions in the person .
At home they create conditions for a good rest , recuperation and relaxation .
Paintings are also suitable for the majority of public places like offices , schools , hotels , cafes and restaurants .
Creation of a picture is a unique creative process .
Purchasing or ordering a painting from its painter is an equally interesting and educational process .
In addition , it is a good and long - term investment of capital .
The picture of the artist bears in itself a charge of his thoughts , experiences , creative torments , emotions , aspirations , has unique flavor and energy .
Many people feel a sense of pleasure being surrounded by paintings even if the art is not included into a circle of their constant interests .
The main reference point when purchasing Russian paintings is your sensory perception , but not taste of your designer , friend or art critic .
The painting by all means has to be pleasant first of all to you .
Quite often you will observe it in your interior , and if the picture is not ideal , it will irritate you , and you will feel uncomfortable in a room .
In this case everything loses its meaning : the painting cost , its painter , painting technique and the year of its creation .
But if the painting evokes a positive response and besides successfully fits into an interior , then you will experience the mass of positive emotions and feeling of pleasure from correctly made acquisition ...
What is a picture – luxury or a necessary element of decoration ?
What is its role in the interior ?
And whether it is necessary here at all , or is it something superfluous ?
Ultimately , from a practical point of view it is quite possible to live without paintings .
It is difficult to guess the interior with no furniture , no curtains , without a clock , because all these things are the bearers of certain functions .
And what is the mission of a painting ?
How to explain that this impractical element of the interior did not disappear during the evolution of a habitation ?
In fact , our house gets our heart cute traits because of trifles .
A painting in the interior enlivens the room , makes it spiritual and imparts integrity .
The picture is " the last stroke " in creation of an interior , some kind of face of the house and people living in it .
For this reason you need to carefully and consistently treat its choice .
Interior and paintings should be a single whole , harmoniously complementing each other .
Before buying a painting from the artist , you can confer with him , discuss the style of your interior .
The painter has the professional experience and can recommend you the most correct decision : to purchase an already created painting or to order a new one taking your wishes into account .
You can order a painting directly from the painters in our art gallery .
To please any person , it is necessary to present him a gift that will affect his soul , will give food to reflections and contemplations , will give positive emotions .
Picture as a gift is one of the few things to win the heart .
If you ever bought a painting for the present , then you already know that this is difficult and fascinating occupation .
Purchasing a picture as a gift , you need to consider not only the preferences and tastes of the person who will receive the gift , but the features of the room interior where the painting will hang .
Choosing a picture for a present , you should always consider its genre .
How to please a beloved woman for example on the Saint Valentine ’s Day or on the International Women ’s Day ?
If your choice has fallen on a painting , then undoubtedly the picture with beautiful flowers will be a magnificent gift .
Flowers in a painting bear a charge of freshness and certainly will remind of the presenter .
The beautiful and correctly chosen painting is a gift which will be always noticed .
You will always be remembered fondly if you buy a painting as a gift for the New Year , wedding , birthday , anniversary , housewarming .
For a holiday it is possible to order and present a portrait of the hero of the anniversary , to buy an original painting by the contemporary Russian painter or to acquire the hand - made copy of a masterpiece of an old master .
A painting as a gift to the head or a business partner is the sign of the good taste .
Sale of Russian artists paintings is traditionally performed in art salons , galleries , exhibitions , vernissages and auctions of pictures worldwide .
Presently the increasing popularity is won by online stores of paintings which of course is not incidentally .
Simply submit phrases on search sites like " buy paintings " , " painting for gift " , " order Russian painting " , " Russian paintings gallery " , " oil painting " or " order portrait " to see the huge variety of proposals .
Sale of pictures is the activity demanding special professional knowledge in the arts and also subtle psychological approach and certain qualities of character for a successful communication with both painting buyers and painters .
The combination of all these and many other personal qualities allows to guess the desires and to understand the needs of both the painters striving to sell their paintings and the art connoisseurs striving to make the best choice while buying paintings .
The main things for the owners of our online shop of paintings are the love to the business and desire to improve in this field .
Sale of paintings through the Internet gallery of paintings has a number of advantages for both buyers and sellers .
Artists and owners of paintings have a comfortable service to display their artworks for free and promote their names in the art world .
For buyers and fans of art it is the ability to quickly search in the catalog of paintings including thousands of artworks saving their time and efforts .
This site is the place where you can in addition to buying and selling paintings and other artworks of art to communicate and to learn new things in a concentrated form , to exchange views on the art forum , to leave comments to articles and artworks , to participate in competitions .
In order to buy a painting , one should not doubt too long .
The painting , which from the beginning has drawn your attention most of all and cause you have a genuine interest , most likely is the one you need .
Still , the main thing is to purchase the painting that would inspire its owner , would be pleasant to him and in harmony with his inner attitude .
To find and buy a painting in our online store , use the site search .
To find the desired painting you may use words from the title of the painting , as well as keywords that describe the content of the picture .
The more often a painting will be demanded by search , the more chances to sell it the artist has .
Therefore the owners of paintings , when adding paintings to the site , attempt to find the right keywords and phrases that describe the content of the picture .
The principle of the search on this site is similar to search on any other site : in the search query you can use either one or a few words and phrases separated by spaces .
It is not necessary to enter the whole word in the search field .
You can type the first few letters of a word , the beginning of the word .
For example , to search for the paintings having " sea " or " seascape " in their titles or keywords , it is enough to submit " sea " to the search field .
As the result , you will increase the quantity of the found paintings and consequently widen your choice .
If you found a painting you like , pay attention to whether it is for sale or not .
If there is an opportunity to buy the original painting , then you will see the " Buy the painting " link below it .
If the painting is not for sale as the original but there is an opportunity to order the artist 's hand - made copy of it , then you can find the " Order artist 's copy " link below it .
Having followed the link , fill in the required fields of the painting order form ( your contact details and wishes on execution of the order ) and press the " Submit " button .
We will transfer your order to the artist , and you will receive the notification on the status of your order .
You will be able to contact the artist directly and discuss the details relating to the painting order .
The price of the painting shown on the site does not include the cost of delivery to the buyer and other additional expenses such as insurance , export permit , packing and courier services .
The delivery method , time and shipping cost are additionally discussed with the painting seller .
You will also be able to personally discuss the options of payment with the painter .
In case the painting is already framed , then there is the " Framed " status under the picture .
This means that the price of the frame is already included into the artwork cost .
If it is stated " Not framed " under the painting you are about to purchase , you can either discuss the framing cost with the painter or make use of the services rendered by the nearest picture framing studio after the painting is delivered to you .
Please , take into consideration that most of the paintings for sale are at the painters ’ or their representatives ’ places .
The city and country of residence of the artist are shown on the page with his biography .
Certainly , you should consider this before buying a picture as the shipping time and cost directly depend on this .
If you need a painting urgently to a certain date , for example , for a gift , it would be wiser to order or buy it from the painter living nearby .
In this situation , the process of buying and shipping will be much easier and cheaper , and the time will be minimal .
Ordering a painting , a hand - made artist ’s copy of painting , a painting from the photograph , a hand - made copy of a famous painting or a portrait , it should be remembered that the painting creation will take certain time .
Anyway , the duration of the artwork creation should be discussed with the artist or his representative in all cases .
In many cities of the world artworks are on sale in local art galleries , art salons , expositions , vernissages or simply on the streets where painters sell their paintings by themselves .
It is also not unusual nowadays to sell paintings through online stores .
Those who have ever done shopping through online gallery , know that the original painting may be slightly different from its photo due to a number of technical and other reasons .
The photo can't transfer all completeness of perception of the real painting .
However , buying paintings through the online store of paintings has a number of advantages .
First of all , no traditional gallery can expose thousands of pictures of artists on a review and sale .
Our catalogue contains thousands of paintings by both beginning and professional painters from around the world .
The undoubted advantage is also time saving when searching for a desired painting .
And this is very convenient , because you can negotiate directly with the artist about the price and delivery of the painting to you personally .
The Internet gallery works day and night and does process of the order possible from any place and at any time .
But , perhaps , the main benefit is the price factor .
Buying artwork through the online catalog of paintings , you make a purchase at the price of the painting owner .
Our online store of paintings brings to your attention the catalog of pictures with a wide assortment : landscapes , cityscapes , seascapes , genre scenes , nudes , still lifes , portraits , painting copies and original oil paintings of different subjects .
If you need a gift in the form of a painting to anniversary or a celebration , you will be able to find it on our website .
In our gallery the artworks of various genres and styles , directions and currents in art , covering any subjects and plots , executed in different technics by artists from around the world are presented .
The apparent advantage of our online gallery is the opportunity to order a painting from a photograph .
It gives free play to your personal creativity .
An indispensable condition for the creation of such a painting will be attention to your wishes to the plot , delivery time and cost .
Modern paintings will decorate your interior and will create the feeling of cosiness .
Our website of paintings will help those who seek to decorate the apartment , the house and office , to make interesting the nursery , to find a remarkable gift in the form of a painting for their close ones .
In our gallery of paintings you can order hand - made copies of famous paintings of the great painters of the past .
We will convey your order to one of our professional copyist painters .
Also you can order the picture painted by the artist according to your photo .
It can be a cityscape with the streets of the city loved by you , a portrait , a beautiful landscape of quiet corners of the nature and any other subject ...
It is widely acknowledged that the cost of the painting depends on the skill and popularity of its artist .
This has its pros and cons .
Certainly , painting of the famous master will be an inspiration source , will draw attention of people around , will emphasize the status of the owner of a picture , not to mention that it is a profitable investment of capital , because paintings of the famous painters are only getting more expensive over time .
If you have limited finances and want to invest your money by purchasing a painting by a promising beginning painter , please , contact us for a free consultation .
It is no secret that the original paintings are always in price .
The paintings correctly chosen in our online store will become more expensive in the course of time .
In order to appreciate any Russian artist in our gallery of Russian paintings , use the value of the personal rating of this artist .
The greater the artist 's rating , the higher his skill , assessment of his paintings by the audience , the frequency of replenishment of online exposition , the higher the demand and personal liability are .
The high rating is an indicator of positive evaluation of artist 's artworks by his colleagues , critics and connoisseurs of art , a sign that the sale of paintings occur regularly .
All this , undoubtedly , says that the painter ’s paintings will grow in price over time .
The high rating is also a sign of social responsibility and personal organization of the painter .
Buying a painting from the author with high rating , you obtain additional guarantee that this artist has a good reputation in our gallery and that sale of paintings will be organized by him responsibly and quickly , and creation of the hand - made copies will be executed in time and with proper quality .
Each purchase of painter 's paintings upgrades his rating on the website .
The final cost of a painting is determined differently in each gallery .
Often the price of the painting depends on the popularity of the artist , complexity and exclusivity of the artwork and sometimes on its dimensions and year of creation .
Buying a painting in an ordinary paintings gallery , you can be sure that its final cost includes additional charges on the hall rent , the salary of art critics , exposition arrangements and advertizing campaigns , as well as on the production of print media materials .
In this Internet gallery they are the painters who set prices for their artworks , so there is the high probability that the purchase will cost you less .
Our paintings gallery seeks to support all painters who place their paintings on our website giving them all technical capabilities to exhibit and sell their paintings via our online store .
Our gallery offers its customers the following services and options to cosily and quickly search , view and purchase paintings :
- catalogue in which paintings are divided into different categories according to their genre , style and content ;
- modern design and convenient navigation on the website do extremely simple and clear use of it and viewing of expositions of artists ;
- advanced search system allows to find paintings and other artworks using keywords , phrases and other parameters ;
- ratings of Russian painters shows their popularity and social responsibility , as well as the assessment of their creative work by the website visitors and customers ;
- online shopping allows to buy Russian artworks online at any time ;
- opportunity to contact administration of the gallery and support service in real time .
Our online gallery presents a large number of paintings , ready for sale , as well as graphics , watercolors , embroidered paintings , batik , sculpture , icons , mosaics , stylish things made of glass and stained glass paintings , dolls , exclusive handicrafts and items of applied and decorative art .
In our virtual gallery you can order hand - made copies of paintings , individual and family portraits .
It is also possible to buy from collectors their collections of paintings by Russian , Soviet and foreign old masters .
The concept of this site is not limited to providing the possibility of creation of the personal exposition to artists of any one country or focused on a specific direction in art in general and painting in particular .
We try to convey to you the greatest possible and qualitative information on the modern world of visual art .
The current criterion for selection of paintings for our exhibition on the website implies the presence not only eminent and professional artists but also the perspective beginning authors .
We invite you to become the regular registered member of our website , to touch the world of beauty , make friends and admirers of your art !
President Obama is considering two strategies for Afghanistan : sending in as many as 40,000 more troops to wage a full - blown counterinsurgency war ( COIN in Army parlance ) , as General Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , has recommended , or keeping the number of troops at the current level of about 68,000 to wage a more limited , counterterrorist effort aimed at al Qaeda and , to a lesser degree , the Taliban .
There is a third option : End our military occupation and leave Afghanistan to the Afghans .
Let them deal with al - Qaeda and the Taliban .
To begin , 40,000 more troops , which would bring the combined U.S. and NATO force to 140,000 , wouldnt be enough to conduct an effective counterinsurgency .
The historical standard for counterinsurgency is 20 troops per 1,000 civilians .
This is the standard recognized in the COIN manual written in large part by General David Petraeus , now head of U.S. Central Command and McChrystals superior officer .
The population of Afghanistan is more than 32 million .
An effective counterinsurgency would require 640,000 troops more than the entire U.S. Army active - duty force ( 548,000 ) and nearly the combined total of the active - duty army and Marine Corps ( 749,000 ) .
Read full article
The United States and Colombia have signed a deal giving the US military access to seven Colombian bases .
Both the US and Colombia have previously stressed their aim is to use the bases to combat drug trafficking and rebels .
The prospect of the deal had caused alarm among some of Colombia 's neighbours , who object to an increased US military presence .
Brazil , Bolivia , Ecuador and Venezuela have all recently expressed concern .
In a statement , Colombia 's foreign ministry said the agreement was " based on the principles of total respect for sovereign equality , territorial integrity and not intervening in the internal affairs of other states " , reported Reuters news agency .
' Security '
On Tuesday Colombian Defence Minister Gabriel Silva insisted the agreement did not constitute a major new development but simply a continuation of US - Colombian co-operation .
He said it was supported by the majority of Colombians who , he said , wanted more security .
" The agreement has no geopolitical or strategic connotation , other than being more effective in the fight against drug trafficking , " he said .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's claims that the accord could destabilise the region have been dismissed by the US and Colombia .
They say there will be a cap on how many American military personnel and contractors will be allowed in the country .
A Florida Republican candidate for Congress became the target of outrage Friday after it was revealed that at a local shooting range he opened fire on a target bearing the initials of his Democratic opponent , Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz .
During a recent Broward County GOP meeting , Robert Lowry , a real estate CEO who is running against Wasserman Schultz , joined in the armed festivities .
Though he initially said firing slugs at a silhouette with “ DWS ” inscribed to the side of its head was merely a “ joke , ” Lowry “ minutes later called it a mistake , ” noted CBS4 in Hallandale Beach , Florida .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ On what planet , exactly , is it considered a joke to shoot at a target representing a sitting US Congresswoman who happens to be a mother of three and a breast cancer survivor ? ” asked Kyle Munzenrieder with the Miami New Times .
“ To what audience is that a knee slapper ?
Really ? ”
Another target at the shooting range was a stereotypical depiction of a Muslim male as an RPG - wielding terrorist .
“ The aims , said club president Ed Napolitano , were to have fun , educate club members who were new to shooting — and send a political message , ” reported the Sun-Sentinel .
“ The congresswoman declined to comment , ” the Associated Press reported .
“ A spokesman , Jonathan Beeton , said ‘ We did n’t feel that behavior dignified a response . ' ”
Thomas Francis with the Broward Palm Beach New Times commented : “ This same week , Wasserman Schultz has been testifying on Capitol Hill about a breast cancer bill .
You know , since it ’s National Breast Cancer Awareness Month and she ’s a breast cancer survivor .
She ’s also the mother of three elementary school children .
And you ’re blasting a gun into a target that bears her initials ?
As a joke ?
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Here ’s a joke : Gosh , with the embarrassment that this incident caused , Lowry may have cost himself a chance to beat Wasserman Schultz in the election . ”
“ It ’s exactly this extremist and sexist behavior from the Republican Party of No that has redefined what it means to be outdated and out - of - touch , ” DSCC spokesman Ryan Rudominer told Politico ’s Glenn Thrush .
This video was posted by the Orland Sun-Sentinel on Oct. 8 , 2009 .
Although Zero Gear was never able to reach its full potential , the developers decided to scrap the project until further notice .
The demand for a new kart racing game is n’t particularly high at this point , and those that do want to play a racing game will more than likely do so on the Nintendo Switch .
The idea itself was innovative , but it just was n’t executed to perfection ; the game itself is nearly a decade old , but people are still bringing some joy out of playing it .
Fortnite hacks and become a hot commodity and so have
What Makes a Hack Reliable ?
Several traits would deem a hack reliable , all of which need to be present before you make a purchase .
You ’ll want your hacks to be affordable , of course , but what else goes into a stellar video game hack ?
Pricing
If a hack is n’t priced properly you ’re going to notice right away , as many providers feel like they can charge a “ premium ” for tools that have n’t been covered by other developers .
You do n’t want to purchase your hacks from a provider who will milk customers for their money , as that ’s fueling a predatory practice .
Stop the madness by figuring out whether a hack is worth the amount of money they ’re asking for , which can be done by looking at the included features .
Features
Any premium hack that you come across needs to be loaded with features , and if it is n’t , there ’s no way you could consider it a “ premium ” hack at all .
Many developers will say whatever is necessary to make a sale , and that ’s why it can be hard to navigate through the hacking industry – finding a reliable provider that will give you all of the features you crave is n’t as easy as you ’d hope .
Keep an eye out for hacks that implement a lot of different features and focus on anti-cheat efforts ( to keep your accounts secure ! ) .
Customer Support
Customer support may not be directly related to the hacks , but if you run into trouble while trying to install your cheats they ’re going to be your new best friends .
Customer support workers are overlooked all too often , but those who want the best hacking experience possible know that they are a crucial part of the process .
Without reliable customer support , there is nobody to field your questions , and all of your hack - related issues will just linger .
The Sudbury Neutrino Observatory has been constructed to study the fundamental properties of neutrinos , in particular the mass and mixing parameters .
Neutrino oscillations between the electron - flavour neutrino and another neutrino flavour have been proposed as an explanation of the observed shortfall in the flux of solar neutrinos reaching the Earth , as compared with theoretical expectations .
SNO has proven this hypothesis by measuring the flux of electron type neutrinos which are produced in the Sun via the charged current interaction ( CC ) , and comparing it to the flux of all active flavours of solar neutrinos detected on Earth in an appropriate energy interval via the neutral current ( NC ) and elastic scattering ( ES ) reactions .
SNO can also test the oscillation hypothesis in the atmospheric neutrino sector by measuring an angular distribution of arrival directions from muon type neutrinos .
Observation of neutrino flavor transformation is compelling evidence of neutrino mass .
Non-zero neutrino mass is evidence for physics beyond the Standard Model of fundamental particle interactions .
Having resolved the long - standing solar neutrino problem by showing that solar neutrinos do change flavour , SNO 's mission is now to study the oscillation mechanism itself in detail and to search for any further surprises that neutrinos may have in store for us .
The home secretary faces mass resignations from the government 's drug advisory body over his decision to force out its chairman , who accused ministers of distorting scientific evidence on cannabis .
Two members of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs resigned yesterday in protest at Alan Johnson 's treatment of Professor David Nutt .
Another member told the Guardian that the experts were " planning collective action " against Johnson , adding : " Everybody is devastated .
We 're all considering our positions . "
Nutt said there was " no future " for the council in its present form , and it is thought the group 's members may use a meeting next Monday to announce a mass resignation .
In a letter in today 's Guardian , Johnson accuses Nutt of " campaigning against government policy " but insists he was not forced out because of his opinions .
" Professor Nutt was not sacked for his views , which I respect but disagree with , " he writes .
" He was asked to go because he cannot be both a government adviser and a campaigner against government policy . "
Scientists on the council are said to be preparing a letter to ministers seeking assurances that they will remain free to set their agenda and to speak freely about their research and findings .
The Times today reported that it was possible the 28 remaining members would quit if their concerns were not addressed before a council meeting next week .
The collapse of the panel , which provides ministers with evidence about the harm caused by different drugs , would be a severe embarrassment for the government and deal a heavy political blow to Johnson , who has so far steered clear of the controversies that dogged many of his predecessors at the Home Office .
As the row intensified yesterday , Nutt said he had been contacted by more than half the council 's members , who had shared their " horror and disgust " over the manner of his dismissal and were now considering resigning en masse .
Dr Les King , a former head of drug intelligence at the Forensic Science Service , was first to act , followed by Marion Walker , the head of the substance misuse service at Berkshire NHS foundation trust .
King said he had decided to step down because he felt Johnson had denied Nutt his " freedom of expression " .
He said that while the government had " a right " to reject the panel 's advice , its attitude towards the advisory body had changed .
Nutt said he could " fully understand " why his two former colleagues had chosen to resign .
" The government has interfered with the scientific processes of the panel for several years and it has caused significant resentment , " he said .
" People are very much considering their positions and they have made it clear they will not continue under the current regime .
There is no future for the Advisory [ Council ] on the Misuse of Drugs in the current way it operates . "
Although Johnson would not comment on yesterday 's resignations , he went on television to step up his attack on Nutt 's conduct , insisting he had " crossed the line " with his remarks .
Charles Clarke , the former home secretary , said today : " The criticism of him [ Nutt ] is [ that he was ] campaigning .
If that is the case , it was wrong .
I can not judge that . "
Clarke argued that the system of classification was " trying to do too many things " : not only classifying drugs according to the medical evidence , but also " sending messages about how people should behave in relation to drugs " .
But he said the medical community had the right to complain about a government decision and to know that their advice was going to be listened to and " seriously considered " .
And in another blow for Johnson , Lord Drayson , the science and innovation minister responsible for coordinating scientific advice across Whitehall , revealed yesterday that he was not consulted or informed by the secretary of state before Nutt 's dismissal .
Although he did not make any official comment , Drayson 's Twitter account said he would be " asking why he was not informed , getting facts and finding a solution " .
In an update this morning , he wrote that Johnson had " assured me of the importance both he and his department places on the academic freedom of advisers " .
In an angry interview with Sky News yesterday , Johnson said : " You cannot have a chief adviser at the same time stepping into the public field and campaigning against government decisions .
You can do one or the other ; you can't do both . "
Johnson said it was not the job of scientific advisers to " just keep coming back and back and back " to overturn ministerial decisions .
He also stressed that the decision to force Nutt out had been his alone and he had not consulted the prime minister , Gordon Brown .
The home secretary said : " I 've got enormous respect for the advisory council .
I want to meet them very soon .
I 've got enormous respect for the scientific community .
They 've got to understand that Professor Nutt crossed this line between offering advice ... and then campaigning against the government on political decisions . "
But Johnson found himself under fire from members of the scientific community .
Lord Winston , the Labour peer and professor of science and society at Imperial College London , said he was " very surprised and disappointed " by Johnson 's actions .
" I think that if governments appoint expert advice they should n't dismiss it so lightly , " he said .
" I think it shows a rather poor understanding of the value of science . "
The sacking follows the publication of a paper by the Centre for Crime and Justice at King 's College London , based on a lecture Nutt delivered in July .
Nutt repeated his familiar view that illicit drugs should be classified according to the actual evidence of the harm they cause , and pointed out that alcohol and tobacco caused more harm than LSD , ecstasy and cannabis .
Alcohol should come fifth behind cocaine , heroin , barbiturates and methadone .
Tobacco should rank ninth , ahead of cannabis , LSD and ecstasy , he said .
He also argued that smoking cannabis created only a " relatively small risk " of psychotic illness .
The Lib Dem science spokesman , Dr Evan Harris , who spoke to scientists over the weekend , accused Johnson of " political thuggery " .
He said the home secretary 's actions could create a crisis in government policymaking if the drugs advisory panel was left unable to function or if experts on other panels resigned .
This morning David Cameron branded the row " unseemly " .
" What seems to have happened here is the breakdown of confidence and mutual confidence between adviser and minister and some very unseemly scenes have followed , " the Conservative leader said .
" But I am very clear in terms of the actual policy that we should not be changing classifications .
We should be keeping them where we are , yes , on drugs , but also on alcohol . "
As a general matter , I think there are far too few uses of executive clemency , commutation and pardon in our current criminal justice system .
But here ’s a case of one gone awry that may end up having real political ramifications .
You may have heard that four police officers were murdered in what under different circumstances would look like a mob assassination in Washington state coffeehouse this morning .
The man local police are seeking for questioning is Maurice Clemmons , 37 , a man with a lifetime history of violence , burglary , aggravated robbery , theft and rape .
Clemmons was serving what was essentially a life sentence in Arkansas before having his sentence commuted by then - Gov. Mike Huckabee .
“ This is the day I ’ve been dreading for a long time , ” Pulaski County prosecutor Larry Jegley told the Seattle Times when told Clemmons was a suspect in the quadruple murder .
As far as I can tell , until today , Clemmons had never been accused of , let alone indicted for or convicted of a homicide .
The record is rather one of an endless string of aggravated robberies , assaults and similar crimes .
An account of one of Clemmons court appearances from his original sentencing appeared thus in the Arkansas Democrat - Gazette in March 1990 …
Circuit Court Judge Floyd Lofton decided Thursday not to hear further charges against an 18 - year - old Little Rock youth already serving 108 years in prison .
Maurice Clemmons of 2808 Welch St. , while in the courthouse for previous appearances in Lofton ’s court , tried to throw a padlock at Lofton ’s bailiff and hid a piece of metal that could have been used as a weapon in his sock .
Clemmons still faces charges of robbery , theft of property and possession of a handgun on school property that could result in up to 95 years more in prison .
Thursday , Lofton agreed with Clemmons ’ assertion that he might be prejudiced by Clemmons ’ prior actions and transferred the case to Circuit Judge Perry Whitmore on the condition that Clemmons waive his right to a speedy trial .
Lofton thought the paperwork for the transfer might delay the trial past the one - year speedy trial limit , said Deputy Prosecutor Mark Fraiser .
Clemmons moved to Washington state in 2005 .
But in recent years more glaring evidence of mental illness began to grow .
Clemmons was released from county jail less than a week ago with charges of second degree child rape still pending .
( Why he was released when he was still wanted as a fugitive in Arkansas is a question someone will likely soon be called upon to answer . )
Evidence collected during the child rape investigation paint a picture of a delusional person claiming he was the messiah , sexually assaulting young relatives , predicting the imminent end of the world and telling his wife and said young relatives that President Obama would soon visit to confirm that he was in fact the Messiah .
In the midst of all of this Clemmons somehow also found time to get into a couple confrontations with the police this year — one of which led to another charge of assault after he punched a sherif ’s deputy in the face .
Those with long memories will remember that this is not the first Huckabee commutation with a bad ending .
The case of Wayne Dumond got a good deal of attention in the 2008 presidential campaign .
Today , a story about the need to restructure state - owned Dubai World created a bit of a frisson .
Dubai is proposing to delay debt payments as it negotiates to extend maturities .
According to Bloomberg :
Dubai World , with $ 59 billion of liabilities , is seeking to delay debt payments , sending contracts to protect the emirate against default surging by the most since they began trading in January .
The state - controlled company will ask creditors for a “ standstill ” agreement as it negotiates to extend maturities , including $ 3.52 billion of Islamic bonds due Dec. 14 from its property unit Nakheel PJSC , Dubai ’s Department of Finance said in an e-mailed statement .
Moody ’s Investors Service and Standard & Poor ’s cut the ratings on several state companies , saying they may consider the plan a default .
“ Extending the maturity of Nakheel debt is feeding the market ’s uncertainty on which debt Dubai will honor in full , ” said Rachel Ziemba , a senior analyst covering sovereign wealth funds at New York - based Roubini Global Economics .
“ They look desperate and the market is concerned that in the long term Dubai ’s indebtedness is rising not falling . ”
Dubai accumulated $ 80 billion of debt by expanding in banking , real estate and transportation before credit markets seized up last year .
Contracts protecting against default rose 116 basis points to 434 basis points yesterday , the most since they began trading in January , ranking it the sixth highest - risk government borrower , according to credit - default swap prices from CMA Datavision in London .
The contracts , which increase as perceptions of credit quality deteriorate , are higher than Iceland ’s after climbing 131 basis points in November , the biggest monthly increase since January … .
Investor concern is growing because the emirate has n’t disclosed how it will pay more than $ 9 billion of debt coming due in the next four months .
Dubai said yesterday it borrowed $ 5 billion from Abu Dhabi government - controlled banks , half the $ 10 billion Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al - Maktoum said he planned to raise by yearend .
“ There is no clarity about what exactly is happening , ” said Emad Mostaque , a London - based Middle East equity - fund manager for Pictet Asset Management Ltd. , which oversees more than $ 100 billion globally .
“ They have to clarify if there is going to be a voluntary rollover or if there is going to be a forced rollover .
If there is a forced rollover it will mean technical default .
If they do n’t clear this up then the whole market will want to sell . ”
Dubai , the second biggest of seven sheikhdoms that make up the United Arab Emirates , and home to the world ’s tallest tower and the biggest man-made islands , suffered the world ’s steepest property slump in the global credit crisis as home prices fell 50 percent from their 2008 peak , according to Deutsche Bank .
UBS AG predicted a further 30 percent drop in a report last week .
Yves here .
On the one hand , there has been a reassuring announcement :
The Department of Finance said yesterday it raised an additional $ 5 billion from two Abu Dhabi lenders as part of its $ 20 billion Dubai support fund geared toward meeting its financial obligations .
However , Dubai is seeking a standstill on its debt while it renegotiates .
I ’m not a credit default swaps expert , but that sound like an event of default to me , and if so , that has the potential to have all sorts of repercussions .
First , creditors who are not fully hedged who are subject to mark to market reporting will show significant losses .
Second , the CDS protection sellers will also be showing losses and posting collateral .
One analyst has already deemed the risk to be overblown , and if the restructuring happens quickly and does not involve much in the way of losses to creditors , this indeed may not be a big deal .
But I got a message from someone who was on the conference call that suggested otherwise .
Some European banks may be on the wrong side of this trade .
As readers may know , EuroBanks went into the crisis with even lower capital levels than their US counterparts , and have taken fewer writedowns of their dodgy exposures :
The Ancient Roots of Our Judeo- Christian Sexual Prohibitions
It 's regrettable that St. Augustine 's influence and the negative appraisal of sexuality , based on his own struggles to be chaste has so impacted negatively with Christian tradition . .
Father Thomas Raush , Chair of
Theological Studies , Loyola Marymount University By Dr. Ronny West
The roots of the Judeo - Christian sexual prohibitions , as well as the sexual prohibitions of religions such as Islam , spring from ancient Jewish tribal law .
During early times wives were considered " property " and laws were specifically codified to protect three things : livestock , wives and dwellings -- an order or importance that seems clear in Jewish law .
Beliefs among different groups ranged all the way from the approval of prostitution , homosexuality , sex with slaves and liberal views toward divorce , to 180 - degree shifts in each of these areas .
Judaism also feared " diluting " the Jewish race through liaisons with non-Jews .
Since marrying a Jew and having only Jewish children were central to this , scriptural law governing sex was codified to support this need .
( Remember , there was no effective birth control in those days . )
Even the rape of a wife was primarily viewed as a sin against the husband and his family .
In fact , most scholars agree that sexual restrictions in the Old Testament have more to do with maintaining property and the needs and survival of the Jewish race than with sex , itself .
The 4th century Bishop , St. Augustine , a man who admitted he had major personal problems with sex , ended up shaping Christian views on sex .
His problems with sex were so pronounced that modern - day psychology would list them as obsessive - compulsive and borderline psychotic .
He got the basics of his ideas from the prevailing mind - vs - body views popular at the time -- views which have long been repudiated by more enlightened thinking .
After reportedly leading a wanton and lascivious lifestyle , Augustine left his mistress and children and totally reversed himself by vowing to be celibate .
Thereafter he saw the " flesh " as wicked , flawed and sinful .
Augustine also saw himself as staunchly Catholic .
Given St. Augustine 's strong anti-sex views , it will surprise and maybe baffle some that this sainted man felt that prostitution was necessary in society .
According to a quote : " If you expel prostitution from society you will unsettle everything on account of lusts . "
According to Father Thomas Raush , Chair of Theological Studies , Loyola Marymount University , " It 's regrettable that St. Augustine 's influence and the negative appraisal of sexuality , based on his own struggles to be chaste , has so impacted negatively with Christian tradition . "
It will probably be equally surprising to many that Thomas Aquinas , another major influence in Christianity , also felt that prostitution was a necessary evil for a society .
We cite these examples , not to advocate prostitution , but to show just how much views on sexuality have changed over the years -- even within the Church .
More modern Christian scholars use a stronger word than " regrettable " for the damage that this man 's warped views have done over the centuries -- especially when it comes to the plight of women .
Why were n't St. Augustine 's views just ignored by the priestcraft of the day ?
For one thing these views served the political , economic and religious interests of religious establishment .
In particular they served to maintain the interests of a male - dominated religion .
But , beyond church politics , the greater sexual capacity of women was known by men — and feared .
Women who enjoyed sex were condemned as being " evil . "
Later , in history they would be dealt with as " witches " and tortured and killed .
The priestcraft understood that by controlling the sex life of their subjects they would attain a significant degree of control over the people 's personal and spiritual lives .
The threat of an eternal hell of fire - and - brimstone not only bolstered this control but it allowed the church to commercialize the forgiveness of sexual sin -- a predisposition that was solidly programmed into our " survival of the species " DNA .
Thus , husbands and wives were obliged to look to rabbis and priests ( most of whom were celibate ) rather to each other for sexual permissions .
Early religious law set down very restrictive laws governing the " when and how often " of sex between married partners , even to the point of limiting sex to the so - called missionary position .
At one point the Catholic Church had " sex police . "
For example , a married couple could be burned at the stake if they were caught having sex with the women on top .
Sex was only for conceiving children , and for the male ( and especially the female ) to enjoy sex was not only deemed sinful , but could send you to hell .
Even after women were no longer considered " property , " the male dominated church -- the same church that despite the lack of any supporting biblical evidence felt a need to trash Mary Magdalene as a prostitute -- felt it had to control women through religion .
( Despite apparent efforts to eradicate the evidence , there is evidence in recently - discovered documents that not only was Mary Magdalene Jesus ' favorite disciple ( " the one most loved , " and " the one who understood " ) , but that she initially was a powerful figure in the development of Christianity .
Two Reasonable Reasons For Sexual Prohibitions
At some point in history it was discovered that life - threatening diseases were transmitted through sex .
Many people died as a result of sexually transmitted diseases such as syphilis .
It was reasoned that the spread of sexual disease could be controlled by placing limitations on sexual partners — a line of reasoning that was especially important before safe sex practices were available .
Next , before effective birth control , sex commonly resulted in pregnancy .
Church leaders wisely observed that a woman could theoretically get pregnant every year of her marriage .
Back when women married in their teens , this could mean a great many children .
Plus , in those days many women died in child birth .
Although a few children may have been an asset in providing needed labor around the home and farms , it was clear that many couples could not ( and did not want to ) take care of a dozen or more children .
Among other things , this would clearly have a negative religious and economic impact .
It was therefore reasoned that sex had to be " moderated " or controlled by various means .
Since the church had the only real authority over people , sexual prohibitions had to come from there .
Later , effective birth control would arrive on the scene -- but the Catholic Church in particular banned it because ( some argued ) it could result in enjoying sex ( still seen as a major sin ) without concerns about pregnancy .
Finally , we need to note that the Bible is n't nearly as " asexual " as might be assumed .
In fact , the Bible contains some rather explicit references to the joy of making love .
The Song of Songs , which many view as at least semi-pornographic , is the classic example ( notwithstanding the clear attempts by translators to make the original text less graphic by switching around some of the body areas discussed ) .
Despite prudish attempts to make the Song of Songs into some type of allegory , more modern thinkers feel that the Song simply demonstrates unflinching support for the joys of sex experienced by lovers .
The latter , however , has been effectively buried throughout the centuries .
In fact , before the advent of the printing press , the priestcraft , who held the only readily - available copies of the scriptures , commonly " shielded " their flock from parts of the Bible that they did n't feel they should be aware of .
Even today , fundamentalist Protestants who proclaim every word of the Bible is the " word of God " conveniently ignore , or try to " explain away , " scriptures such as these .
Because of centuries of the " sex - is - sin " thinking — thinking that has been conveyed through what became " traditional values " and supporting law — sex has evolved into an embarrassing and taboo subject .
It has only been in recent years that fundamentalist Christian belief has started to deal with human sexuality in an open and positive ( although still very restrictive ) way .
Those who hold to prevailing religious belief tend to fear the presence of more sexually liberated and even more morally responsible views .
Consequently , they attempt to not only control their own sexual experiences , but the experiences of everyone else .
In fact , " illicit " consensual sex is viewed by some as more destructive to a society than violence .
( One U.S. judge in sentencing a man for engaging in oral sex with his mate said it was a crime worse then murder . )
Today , many people are questioning and abandoning these antiquated beliefs .
With the availability of effective birth control the primary rationale for prohibiting sex among single people now is the risk of STD ( sexually transmitted disease ) .
Where adequate precautions are not taken , this risk is very real , and the consequences can be devastating .
Although social and religious restraints may be considered illogical and outmoded , we have to realize that because of prevailing social views violating these restraints can carry profound personal , marital , social , and even legal consequences .
( " Separation of church and state " notwithstanding , many of our laws are based in prevailing religious beliefs . )
Possibly the Latin phrase that translates to , " First , do no harm , " should be a guiding principle .
The concept of " harm , " of course , includes both you and others .
Social change comes rather slowly , but as new knowledge and understanding is gradually accepted , it does evolve .
Eventually , we can hope that sex will become a natural , open and special part of relationships , devoid of the guilt , shame , and fears that have plagued so many people for so long .
While the economy has finally started to grow , the disturbingly high unemployment rate is increasing pressure from the left to double down on this year 's poorly designed fiscal stimulus bill .
Since the stimulus bill was signed , the ranks of the unemployed have grown by over three million ( over four million if involuntary part - time and discouraged workers are included ) .
The unemployment rate , which the Obama administration projected the stimulus would contain at 8 % , is now 10.2 % .
There is little likelihood that another round ...
CONTACT : Kathryn Serkes , AAPS
[ email protected ]
www.AAPSonline.org
August 27 , 2009
Embargoed until 11 am :
WHITE HOUSE SUED OVER FREE SPEECH VIOLATIONS in healthcare battle : Doctor & patient groups say White House intended to shut up opponents
Washington DC --
The Office of the President and other White House officials are defendants in a free speech lawsuit filed by a prominent physician group , and a non-profit advocate for inner-city poor .
The White House has �unlawfully collected information on political speech , � thereby illegally using the power of the White House to chill opposition to its plans for health care reform , according to the complaint filed in District Court for the District of Columbia , by the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons ( AAPS ) and the Coalition for Urban Renewal and Education ( CURE ) .
The lawsuit was prompted by the White House solicitation for the public to report any � fishy � comments to �[ email protected ] �
Although the White House slightly revised its data collection procedure last week , the email address still exists , the illegal activity continues , and is part of an �unlawful pattern and practice to collect and maintain information� on the exercise of free speech , which �continues in violation of the Privacy Act and First Amendment even if the Defendants terminate a particular information - collection component due to negative publicity . �
The lawsuit outlines how the White House has employed a form of �bait - and - switch � tactic of accusing the Plaintiffs and other opponents of spreading misinformation about the Administration�s goals for health care reform , and thereby refusing to �come clean� about its real agenda .
The lawsuit outlines that the White House knew that the data collection would chill free speech , and in fact , intended to do just that :
� 43 .
As part of their effort to advance the White House healthcare reform agenda , Defendants have accused opponents ( including Plaintiffs ) of spreading misinformation on issues such as whether ( a ) health reform would provide public funding for abortions , ( b ) put �death panels � in place to deny care to the elderly or infirm , ( c ) amount to a government takeover of healthcare , and ( d ) increase healthcare costs .. the Defendants and the administration have spread misinformation , semantics , and disinformation on these topics �..
� 45 .
By denying and continuing to deny that healthcare reform legislation includes �death panels � that make individual life - or - death decisions on the elderly or infirm , the Defendants and the current administration have ignored and implicitly denied and continue to ignore and implicitly to deny both that their healthcare reform agenda involves rationing healthcare� �
� My hate mail started shortly after the White House issued the �fishy � request , � said Kathryn Serkes , Director of Policy and Public Affairs for AAPS .
� We were quite visible and vocal before then , so it doesn�t seem like a coincidence .
Who did they share their data with ?
With whom might they share it ?�
AAPS and CURE demand that the White House remove all information already collected , and further , be prohibited from collecting any personal data in the future .
NOTE : AAPS is a non-partisan professional association of physicians dedicated since 1943 to protection of the patient - physician relationship .
CURE , founded by Star Parker , serves poor and inner-city communities through church , individual , and market - based solutions to poverty .
The case number is Civil Action No. 09-1621-EGS .
READ THE TEXT OF THE COMPLAINT
###
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
Immigrant rights activists are calling on U.S. retailers to stop selling two controversial " Illegal Alien " costumes that have surfaced for Halloween , saying the outfits are a broadside attack on illegal immigrants .
The " Illegal Alien " costume was being offered by retailers including Target , Walgreens and Amazon.com .
The " Illegal Alien Adult Costume , " manufactured by Forum novelties , includes an orange jumpsuit , similar to prison garb , with " Illegal Alien " stamped in black across the chest ; a space alien mask ; and a fake Green Card .
The " Illegal Alien Mask with Hat " also includes a space alien mask , this time with a dark handlebar mustache and a baseball cap .
The Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles said it began receiving e-mails from concerned legal immigrants on Friday .
In response , CHIRLA wrote a letter asking several retailers , including Target , Walgreens , and Amazon.com , to stop offering the costume .
As of Saturday afternoon , Target had pulled the products , and some links to the costumes on other sites were no longer functional .
Target said the " Illegal Alien " costume was inadvertently uploaded to its
Web site due to a data entry error .
" It is never our intent to offend the consumers with the products we offer , " a company statement said .
The makers of the costumes could not be reached for comment on Saturday .
Jorge - Mario Cabrera , the director of communications for CHIRLA , said he initially thought the costume was a stab at harmless satire .
But when he saw the Green Card , he realized it was an swipe at illegal immigrants .
" This was an ignorant attempt to poke fun at a small community , " said Cabrera .
Political satire and Halloween often merge .
Costumes depicting former well - known political figures are often seen along side those depicting Batman or Wonder Woman .
To some , the attempted humor of the costumes falls flat .
Guillermo Iglesias said both of his parents were illegal immigrants in the United States .
He felt the costumes were offensive because they depicted illegal immigrants as " not one of us . "
" I have a lot of illegal immigrant friends , " said Iglesias .
" If I showed them that costume , it would really hurt them . "
Despite the controversy , some stores say the costumes have been a hit .
" It 's a very well - recommended costume , " said an employee at Ricky 's , a costume store in New York City .
The store has sold seven costumes for $ 39.99 apiece and is set to receive another shipment .
William Gheen , the president of Americans for Legal Immigration , said he intends to buy the costume , and calls the reaction unfounded .
" The only people getting upset are the hyper - sensitive , over - politically correct , pro-amnesty , illegal alien - supporting nuts , " said Gheen .
" You ca n't attack people 's freedom in this country . "
" I think having a costume like that is distasteful , " said Andrea Hill , outside of Ricky's .
" But if it 's not illegal , I think it 's alright for them to sell it . "
All About Halloween • Immigration
On this first day of the Octomonth ( birthstone : opal ; flower : calendula ) , I would like to introduce you to Hedy Lamarr , the first ( of many ) BADASS OF THE MONTH(s ) :
“ Any girl can be glamorous .
All she has to do is stand still and look stupid . ”
Hedy was a successful actress as a young teenager , but her big breaththrough came in the controversial Bohemian ( as in , from Bohemia ) film , Ecstasy .
It was 1933 , and people were excited and outraged about a skinny dipping scene ; the most outstanding thing about this movie , however , is that it was the first studio film to have a sex scene in it — and the first to depict a female orgasm .
The movie is special not just for its prurient content ( and it should be said , the camera never leaves the actors ’ faces when things get heavy ) , but for being an powerful study of a young woman ’s sexual empowerment .
It was released a year before the Hays Code crackdown began , and so there ’s no moral play at work .
No virgin / whore complex to feed , no pretense that women live identically sexless lives , who only acquiesce to their husbands after shopping trips ( while thinking about their kitchen duties the entire time ) .
After Ecstasy ’s release , Hedy married an controlling Austro - fascist arms manufacturer thirty years her senior who forbade her from making movies .
He would take her with him to his business meetings ( where military technology and highly technical problems were debated ) , and force her to entertain at his parties ( which Mussolini often attended ) .
In 1937 , after having enough of his crap ( and after being forced by her husband to sleep with Hitler to get an arms contract ) ,
Hedy dressed up for a ‘ party ’ , drugged her husband , and left Austria ( with all of her magnificently expensive jewelry ) .
Over the next 10 years she made close to twenty films , had two children , and developed a backstage reputation as a voracious bisexual ( second only to her sometimes - lover , Marlon Brando ) .
In her time , she was reportedly involved with Frank Sinatra , Clark Gable , Jimmy Stewart , Johnny Carson , Howard Huges , Errol Flynn , JFK , and even Charlie Chaplin .
“ I do n’t think that anyone would call me a lesbian , it ’s just that I seem to be the type that other women get queer ideas about . ”
More importantly , however , she also did this .
That is the design drawing for her 1942 invention of Frequency Hopping Spread Spectrum communication , upon which all WiFi , CDMA cell networks , and countless other technologies rely .
It went like this : Radio controlled torpedoes are more accurate than ‘ dumb ’ torpedoes , but it ’s easy to jam the frequency that the torpedo control channel is on .
By rapidly changing the frequency that the control channel was transmitted on , you prevent the adversary from jamming your signals .
Working with experimental composer George Anthiel ( who once composed a symphony that required 16 player pianos ) , she placed a modified piano roll in the torpedo and the controller plane , allowing them to switch frequencies in sync with each other .
Unfortunately , it was nearly two decades later before her the importance and potential of her invention was realized .
The Navy of the time did not take seriously a device invented by a woman that ran on musical equipment , and suggested to Hedy that she could best support the war effort elsewhere .
She did , once raising $ 7,000,000 in a single event where she sold kisses for fifty grand each .
( When honored by the EFF in 1997 for her contribution of spread spectrum technology , she was quoted as saying “ It ’s about time . ” )
Her later years were noteworthy for her lavish parties , five husbands , two shoplifting arrests , a star on Hollywood ’s walk of fame , and a Boeing recruitment ad featuring her as a woman of science , with no mention of her film career .
So , here ’s to you , Hedy Lamarr .
You kicked ass , you took names , you did what you wanted , who you wanted , when you wanted , and you changed the world .
Humor has been viewed as the one behavioral characteristic that men and women seek in roughly equal proportion .
After all , everyone wants a partner who is entertaining and fun .
At least , that 's the popular conception .
However , humor researchers have long noted differences in the use and appreciation of humor .
While women want to settle down with a guy who can crack a good joke , men , to a large degree , want a partner who laughs at their antics .
According to Eric Bressler , a psychologist at McMaster University in Canada , men and women do n't mean the same thing when they say they value humor in a long - term partner .
His research , forthcoming in the journal Evolution and Human Behavior , manipulated how funny both men and women appeared on paper .
Subjects were asked to choose a potential date of the opposite .
Bressler found that women want a man who is a humor " generator , " while men seek a humor " appreciator . "
Geoffrey Miller , an evolutionary psychologist at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque and author of The Mind : How Sexual Choice Shaped the Evolution of Human Nature , argues that the humor divide is best understood as a result of sexual selection : Women are the choosier sex , and because they prefer funny men — a signal of cognitive fitness — men learned to deploy humor and wit to attract a mate and perhaps to outsmart other men .
" Men taunt other men with clever nicknames and insults , " says John Morreal , a professor of religion at William and Mary College in Williamsburg , Virginia , who has studied humor for 25 years .
" That is n't something that women do .
They do n't tend to play practical jokes , or engage in humor that humiliates or puts somebody down . "
The basic difference is that males tend to use humor to compete with other men , while women tend to use humor to bond with others .
Studies show that men more often use humor to jockey for position with other males when they are in the company of women .
The allure of male humor is so strong that female may have evolved as a signal of sexual interest — picture a woman 's girlish giggles as she flirts with a man at a bar .
Indeed , a German study found that when male and female strangers engaged in natural conversation , the degree to which a woman laughed while talking to a man was indicative of her interest in dating him .
How much the woman laughed also predicted the man 's desire to date her .
On the flip side , how often a man laughed was unrelated to his interest in a woman .
Bressler says that his study indicates humor likely developed through sexual selection because it is most desirable in .
Women do n't care about a friend 's sense of humor , whether male or female .
A woman who deploys a typically male sense of humor — one that 's aggressive or competitive — is a turnoff to men , says Don Nilsen , a linguistics professor at Arizona State University in Tempe and an expert on humor .
Many men feel threatened , perceiving a funny woman as a rival or worrying that they 'll become a target of her sharp tongue .
" I think every man in the world loves the humor , even the sexual put - down humor , of Judy Tenuta or Joan Rivers , " he says .
" But very few men want to marry them . "
Funny guys may be attractive , Nilsen says , because they tend to be creative , " outside the box " thinkers .
They also have " double vision , " the ability to understand another 's point of view , he says , both traits that are especially alluring to women .
Nilsen agrees with the evolutionary rationale of humor , up to a point .
It does n't explain , for example , how humor operates in long - term relationships , he argues .
To say that men do n't seek a funny mate is " painting with a broad brush . "
Men who do appreciate their female partner 's humor are usually more secure , mature and educated than the average guy , he says .
They hold their mates in high esteem and are n't intimidated .
A woman would do well to find a man who enjoys her humor , says Nilsen , because that 's an indication of his own and willingness to be supportive .
researchers concur .
Relationship expert , co-founder of the Gottman Institute in Seattle , has found that when humor plays a role in diffusing tension and conflict , marriages tend to last longer .
Additional studies show that people who joke with their spouses in everyday situations tend to be happier in their marriage than couples who do n't .
A playful and humorous frame of mind is protective , even when spouses do n't agree about what they find to be funny .
Police are looking for a Glendale man suspected of hitting and injuring two pedestrians , including his own daughter , with a car in a Peoria parking lot Tuesday .
Police said the suspect , of Iraqi descent , may have run down his daughter because he believed she was becoming too Westernized .
At about 2:05 p.m. , police officers and firefighters responded to a report of a vehicle striking a pedestrian in the parking lot of a state Department of Economic Security office near 91st and Peoria avenues , said Peoria police spokesman Mike Tellef .
Faleh Hassan Almaleki , 48 , is suspected of running down his daughter and a friend in a grey or silver 2000 Jeep Grand Cherokee with Arizona license plate ADS - 9192 , Tellef said .
Family and friends of the victims told detectives that the suspect had made threats toward his daughter because she was not living according to traditional Iraqi values , Tellef said .
However , police cannot immediately determine whether that was the motive in the incident .
According to Tellef , Almaleki fled the scene and drove west on Peoria Avenue .
The two women were transported to a Valley trauma center where the suspect 's daughter , Noor Faleh Almaleki , 20 , was reported to have life - threatening injuries and Amal Edan Khalaf , 43 , had injuries that were not life - threatening .
Tellef said the two victims , who live together in Surprise , were still in the hospital as of Wednesday morning .
Anyone with information is asked to call Silent Witness or the Peoria Police Tip Line at 623-773-7045 .
NEW YORK - He ’s had a gun put up to his head during a robbery .
He ’s been assaulted with a crowbar , and had every window in his car broken .
He ’s had a jagged beer bottle shoved into his neck .
He was nearly maced .
All of this on the job .
Of colleagues he knows :
One was stabbed in the lower neck with a hunting knife .
One was choked by a woman .
One was shot in the eye after being robbed .
Another remains in a four - year coma after a violent assault .
Still another , Ndiaye Serigne ( pronounced “ Jay Serene ” ) , was beaten violently on Halloween by mask - wearing men .
Police officer ?
Soldier in Iraq or Afghanistan ?
What sort of job does he , David , as well as his colleagues , hold ?
They work , according to the Department of Labor , the most dangerous job in the United States : New York City taxi driver .
While New Yorkers tend to take cab drivers for granted , they perform the most dangerous , and one of the most grueling , jobs in the city .
In Serigne ’s case , the four masked passengers jumped into his cab , one of them taking the front seat .
Since it was Halloween , Ndiaye was n’t surprised by the masks .
But after crossing the bridge into Staten Island , the man in the front seat switched off the meter , and told Serigne that “ now it ’s a free ride . ”
Serigne , in a move that may have saved his life , ignored his assailants ’ orders to pull down a narrow street and instead drove to a nearby gas station .
It was there that he was beaten and the passengers - turned - attackers fled .
Now when he looks at the security camera video , he can’t believe what he sees .
“ I ’m just thankful that I am alive , ” he said , noting that a childhood friend from his native Senegal was murdered on the job only three years ago .
“ We are just workers , but some passengers treat us so badly . ”
According to taxi workers and their representatives , this is a horrible story , but one that is neither an anomaly nor even surprising .
“ Drivers are 60 times more likely to be killed on the job and 80 times more likely to be robbed on the job than any other worker in the United States of America , ” said Bhairavi Desai , Executive Director of the New York Taxi Workers Alliance yesterday .
Taxis move nearly half a million people each day , she added .
“ The airports , finance , restaurants , Broadway , every single industry in New York City , depend on taxi drivers for their bottom line .
Our bottom line is our lives need to be protected . ”
Now taxi drivers , united into the TWA and well as elected officials are going to do something about it .
Standing next to Desai , New York State Assembly member Rory Lancman , D - Queens , announced that he would introduce a bill into the Assembly that would extend protection already won by bus and subway workers to taxi drivers .
“ Men and women who drive these taxis are entitled to just as much protection as the people who run our trains , drive our buses , ” Lancman , who chairs the Assembly Subcommittee on Workplace Safety , said .
Under recently - enacted laws , won after a sustained fight by Transport Workers Union Local 100 and its allies , anyone who assaults a bus driver , or subway or railroad worker , is to be charged with a felony and potentially sentenced to prison time .
Lancman , the TWA and some transit workers present , want to see that protection extended to taxi workers .
The law would also require a sign in each cab warning would - be assailants that any assault could lead to prison time .
The bill would send a signal , Lancman said , that “ we in New York state will not tolerate [ violence against drivers ] , and we will take every measure that we can to make sure that when these men and women get into their cab to start their shift , at the end of it , when they leave that cab to go home to their families , to go home to their children , that they come home safe and sound . ”
Photo : Libero Della Piana
Yellow banded dart frog .
Amphibians are facing some of the worst threats to their biodiversity .
A report in the journal Science highlights how biodiversity loss is weakening efforts to tackle global poverty .
Biodiversity loss is undermining global development , leading scientists warn .
The paper brings together a broad group of scientists and policy makers , including Natural History Museum plant expert Dr Sandra Knapp .
Biodiversity loss is undermining global development , leading scientists warn in a paper published in the journal Science this month .
Goals set to alleviate extreme poverty will not be met unless we address the accelerating rate of biodiversity loss , they say , and new achievable targets are needed urgently .
Led by Professor Jeffrey Sachs of ZSL ( Zoological Society of London ) , the paper brings together a broad group of scientists and policy makers , including Natural History Museum plant expert Dr Sandra Knapp .
Poverty and environmental degradation have many of the same fundamental causes , such as the pressures of unsustainable human population growth .
More research is needed into the links between biodiversity and poverty , the team says , so that better decisions can be made about how the environment is used in future .
The outcomes should benefit both poverty alleviation and conservation .
‘ Degradation of the natural diversity of our planet will inevitably bring problems for our own species , ’ says Dr Knapp .
Dr Knapp explains ,
‘ The integration of conservation and development goals will be difficult , and will require new interactions between scientific communities and with the public at large ’ .
‘ We hope the newly opened Darwin Centre at the Natural History Museum can be a focal point for discussion of issues that confront all of us as we integrate the Millennium Development Goals with our concern for the natural world . ’
The 8 Millennium Development Goals were agreed by all the world ’s countries and one of the goals is to halve extreme poverty by 2015 .
The Convention on Biological Diversity , signed by 150 governments at the 1992 Rio Earth Summit , is dedicated to promoting sustainable development .
However , the goals of both of these will not be met unless humans begin living in a more sustainable way .
Dr Kate Jones , Senior Research Fellow at ZSL concludes :
‘ The global issues are now so intense we will only succeed if we have an integrated environment and development agenda - our children ’s environment is an essential part of their welfare . ’
Provided by American Museum of Natural History ( news : web )
Explore further Biodiversity conservation may help reduce the impacts of natural disasters
Organisms ensure the survival of their species by genetically adapting to the environment .
If environmental conditions change too rapidly , the extinction of a species may be the consequence .
A strategy to successfully cope with such a challenge is the generation of variable offspring that can survive in different environments .
Even though a portion of the offspring may have a decreased chance to survive , the survival of the species as a whole is guaranteed .
For the first time scientists have now observed the evolution of such a strategy under lab conditions in an experiment with the bacterial species Pseudomonas fluorescens :
A bacterial strain exposed to rapidly changing environmental conditions developed the ability to generate variable offspring without additional mutations .
This new strategy ensured the survival of the bacterial strain .
The results were published in Nature .
A popular saying already tells an interesting truth , when it recommends " not to put all your eggs in one basket , " that is to say spread and hence reduce risks .
Also in biology , such strategies are already known and referred to as " bet - hedging . "
In the process of evolution , bet - hedging is not the usual way of adapting to the environment , in which carriers of advantageous mutations prevail against other individuals that do not show these mutations .
In fact , bet - hedging means that a generation produces offspring that is genetically identical , but differs in the ability to prosper in the current environments :
Some offspring is optimally adapted to the current environment , while others thrive under completely different conditions .
In case of rapid and drastic changes of the environment , the latter offspring is at an advantage and hence the species survives .
The evolutionary advantage of the bet - hedging strategy increases , the more drastically and unpredictably the environmental conditions change .
Such risk - spreading mechanisms are , for example , known from bacterial pathogens :
By varying their cell surfaces , genetically identical pathogen cells escape the human immune system .
Further examples of bet - hedging are known from the animal and plant kingdom .
Christian Kost , scientist at the Max Planck Institute for Chemical Ecology in Jena , Germany , has been working on this topic .
Funded by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation , he studied bacteria of the species Pseudomonas fluorescens at the New Zealand Institute for Advanced Study in Auckland .
Due to their short generation time ( cells divide every 52 minutes ) , these bacteria are particularly well suited to study evolution in the test tube .
Moreover , the relatively small genome of these organisms facilitates the detection of new mutations .
Advantageous mutations become disadvantages
In their experiments the researchers exposed Pseudomonas strains alternately to unshaken or shaken culture media .
Due to beneficial mutations in the genome , new variants emerged in both environments that had an advantage in either the " shaken " or " unshaken " environment .
Once emerged , each new variant had to outcompete all other unmutated representatives of the ancestral strain .
Under the assumption that one variant that differed in its outer appearance from its parent ( for example smooth vs. rough surface ) also must have outcompeted the parent strain , the most frequent representative of this new variant was picked and transferred to the respective other environment .
Mutations that were advantageous in shaken media became disadvantageous in unshaken environments , and vice versa .
As a consequence , new mutations and hence new variants evolved to compensate for this disadvantage .
As soon as the bacteria adapted to one environment they were forced to readapt to the second one .
Bet - hedging :
One genotype , several variants
The constant changes between shaken and unshaken media soon resulted in the development of types with the same genetic constitution ( genotypes ) , which always produced two different variants .
Once emerged , this was the ultimate survival strategy for the bet - hedging pseudomonades , for all other genotypes that produced new variants by mutation only had no chance to prevail against the bet - hedging variants .
Genetic analysis showed that both variants were absolutely identical on a genetic level .
Furthermore , the bet - hedging genotype differed by nine mutations from the ancestral strain , with which the experiment had been started .
Moreover , the final mutation in the series was causal for bet - hedging .
" Our experiments provide evidence that risk - spreading is a very successful strategy to rapidly adapt to changing environments .
If the same genotype generates several variants at the same time , it may survive major environmental changes , " Christian Kost says .
And Paul Rainey , principal investigator of the study at Massey University Auckland , adds : " The rapid and repeatable evolution of bet - hedging during our experiment suggests it may have been one of the earliest evolutionary solutions to life in constantly changing environments " .
prokopetz :
ibelieveinthelittletreetopper :
Totally .
A lot of analyses propose that the overwhelming predominance of male / male ships over female / female and female / male ships in fandom reflects an unhealthy fetishisation of male homosexuality and a deep - seated self - hatred on the part of women in fandom .
While it ’s true that many fandoms certainly have issues gender - wise , that sort of analysis willfully overlooks a rather more obvious culprit .
Suppose , for the sake of argument , that we have a hypothetical media franchise with twelve recurring speaking roles , nine of which are male and three of which are female .
( Note that this is actually a bit better than average representaton - wise - female representation in popular media franchises is typicaly well below the 25 % contemplated here . )
Assuming that any character can be shipped with any other without regard for age , gender , social position or prior relationship - and for simplicity excluding cloning , time travel and other “ selfcest ” - enabling scenarios - this yields the following ( non-polyamorous ) possibilities :
Possible F/F ships : 3
Possible F/ M ships : 27
Possible M/M ships : 36
TOTAL POSSIBLE SHIPS : 66
Thus , assuming - again , for the sake of simplicity - that every possible ship is about equally likely to appeal to any given fan , we ’d reasonably expect about ( 36/66 ) = 55 % of all shipping - related media to feature M/M pairings .
No particular prejudice in favour of male characters and / or against female characters is necessary for us to get there .
The point is this : before we can conclude that representation in shipping is being skewed by fan prejudice , we have to ask how skewed it would be even in the absence of any particular prejudice on the part of the fans .
Or , to put it another way , we have to ask ourselves : are we criticising women in fandom - and let ’s be honest here , this type of criticism is almost exclusively directed at women - for creating a representation problem , or are we merely criticising them for failing to correct an existing one ?
Britain may finally be emerging from recession , but many analysts warn that it is a false dawn .
In fact , they argue , the economy here is so ravaged by growing debts and ruined banks that it could well be following in the steps of Japan ’s lost decade of the 1990s .
The parallels are eerie : Like Japan , Britain enjoyed more than a decade of booming growth , fueled by aggressive bank lending and real estate investments .
Haunted by the comparison , policy makers here have been extra aggressive in using fiscal and monetary levers in hopes of preventing the type of sustained period of stagnation and banking stasis that plagued Japan for so many years .
Some economic indicators this past week have been positive : an uptick in retail sales , fewer jobs being lost and an export revival .
Yet analysts say they may well turn out to be teasers that cloak deeper , more structural flaws in the economy .
On top of rising debt , the tax base is collapsing and the crippled banking sector has yet to show it can generate profits by lending to companies .
If Richard Ziser ’s proposed constitutional amendment to outlaw abortion in Nevada were to be passed here and similar initiatives were eventually adopted by other states and nations , it would be a disaster .
Given that Earth is finite in size , population growth will have to cease at some point .
No power on Earth or in the heavens will permit continued population growth .
The only questions are when and how population growth will cease .
Population growth is controlled at two points in the human life cycle .
One is before birth — by artificial birth control and abortion .
( Because even the best methods of birth control can sometimes fail , abortion must be available to all of humanity to prevent continued population growth . )
The other is after birth — by war , starvation , murder and other horrors beyond anyone ’s imagination .
If population continues to grow , humanity will exceed the carrying capacity of the Earth .
Once humanity exceeds the carrying capacity of the Earth , wars and the other aforementioned horrors must happen as humanity fights over limited resources .
Take a first look at an e-reader and it would look like a simple device .
But the things get complicated when you are about to pick an e-reader for yourself .
There are many choices with some difference in features and prices .
Some of the features that you might be looking in an e-reader would be : battery time , size , display , downloading the e-books , the memory storage and few other things .
I have compiled a list of three most famous e-readers , which might help you in choosing the right one .
Kindle wireless reading device
Recently Amazon launched the Kindle wireless reading device .
The device features 6 inches diagonal EInk display and is as thin as most of the magazines .
It gives you with a comfortable reading experience like real paper with no glare even in bright sunlight .
Using 3G wireless technology kindle lets you download books , anytime , anywhere ; no monthly fees , service plans , or hunting for Wi -Fi hotspots .
Kindle weights about 10.2 ounces and hav a storage capacity up to 2 GB that can hold up to 1,500 books .
It comes up with 2.0 micro B connector and a 3.5 mm stereo audio jack and rear - mounted stereo speakers .
Battery time is excellent as you can read books for days on a single charge with wireless on .
Kindle has added a new text to speech feature ; now kindle can read any thing loud to you .
Various formats Supported by the kindle are : Kindle ( AZW ) , TXT , Audible ( formats 4 , Audible Enhanced ( AAX ) ) , MP3 , unprotected MOBI , PRC natively ; PDF , HTML , DOC , JPEG , GIF , PNG , and BMP through conversion .
Summarizing the all above features , Kindle gives you with :
20 % faster page turns than original Kindle
Wireless 3G
Kindle Store
Text - to - speech
The product gives you 1 year limited warranty .
Here are some of Amazon Kindle customer ’s comments about Kindle ’s screen :
“ My first impression of Kindle ’s screen was : ‘ that ’s a screen ?!
It does n’t look like a screen . ’
When I got my own , I had the same impression again .
It looks like a book page , only perfect .
No grain or pulp . ” — Jeremy
“ I love how the screen really looks like a page , because I do work at a computer all day , and the last thing I want to look at is another screen . ”
— Amy P .
“ I found the contrast to be soothing and I was able to read in direct sunlight with no glare . ” — M. H .
“ I use my Kindle for reading in bed and sitting at my desk .
I also did a test read while sitting in full sun and the screen is even more readable . ”
— Dallas M .
“ Everyone who has seen my Kindle is amazed at the clarity of the screen , ease of use , and plethora of features . ” — R.L.S .
Product is retailed for 259 $
For the purchase log on to this page .
Nook eReader
Barnes &
Noble set a new standard in the e-reader market by launching android based e-book reader .
Company claims that it is the most advanced e-book reader on the earth .
Like the other e-readers you can use it anywhere like at home , vacation , study , work , and travel .
The device comes up with a standard 6 - inch EInk display , and a small LCD touch screen at the bottom of the device , it weight about 11.2 ounces and gives you with 2 GB internal memory that can store up to 1,500 books .
The battery can be fully charged in 3.5 hours and would last for at least 10 days .
Like any other e-reader , the nook supports bookmarking , making notes , synchronizing books across devices and highlighting passages .
Nook e-reader comes with Wi - Fi ( 802.11 b/g ) facility by AT&T , the nation ’s fastest 3G network .
It has a universal 3.5 mm stereo headphone jack and a micro USB port .
The Nook will support EPUB and PDF documents .
In addition , the device can also play MP3 files .
A brief comparison with Amazon kindle :
B&N supports a multitude of devices including the iRex DR800SG , the forthcoming Plastic Logic QUE , and various mobile , including the BlackBerry , iPhone and Motorola Cliq .
And its partnership with Google gives its users access to over 500,000 public domain books which gives it a competitive edge over the kindle .
The best feature that I like about nook is that users will be able to lend out books for up to 14 days at a time .
You can just select a book and share it with your friends on ‘ Nook , iPhone or iPod touch .
Nook is available for pre-orders at 259 $ , the device is loaded with features .
It wo n’t be wrong to say that after the launch , nook is going to give Amazon kindle a real tough time , and technically speaking nook is giving features way better that the Amazon kindle .
For for information visit this page .
BeBook
BeBook is a small and light - weight as a single book .
It is a Dutch manufactured e-book which is only 5 inches tall .
The company has released its two models ; having almost the same features .
Like Nook and kindle the BeBook gives you with a unique paper reading feature , and a clear and visible reading even in the bright sunlight .
One time Battery charge last for at least 7,000 page turn , internal memory is only 512 MB , but it also has an expandable SD memory card slot .
BeBook supports different languages including English , French , Spanish , German , Dutch , Chinese , Russian , Greek , Ukraine , Turkish , Japanese , Korean , Bulgarian , Estonian , and Polish .
Various Supported file formats are : pdf , mobi , prc , epub , lit , txt , fb2 , doc , html , rtf , djvu , wol , ppt , mbp , chm , bmp , jpg , png , gif , tif , rar , zip , mp3 .
Like Nook and Kindle , it can also play the mp3 files .
BeBook comes up with 20,000 free books and its retail price is $ 249.00 , which is an excellent value .
The product comes up with 1 year warranty and do n’t forget to get your Leather protection case which is included with your BeBook .
For more information and order , visit this page .
Kindle
Nook e Reader
BeBook
Former Prime Minister of Belgium takes role just days after meeting with secretive globalist cabal
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , November 20 , 2009
UPDATE : EU president wants Copenhagen to give us “ global management ” of planet
Despite widespread expectation that former British Prime Minister Tony Blair would be announced as the first European Union President , the former Prime Minister of Belgium , Herman Van Rompuy , was picked for the role just days after he attended a Bilderberg Group dinner meeting .
Reports suggest that there is “ dismay ” in some quarters over the appointment because Van Rompuy has a “ low international profile , ” but his fealty towards taking orders from his bosses at Bilderberg is likely to have swayed the decision .
As we have exhaustively documented , Bilderberg has displayed its kingmaker power on numerous occasions , contradicting claims that it merely represents a “ talking shop ” for aging elitists .
Both Bill Clinton and Tony Blair attended Bilderberg meetings in the early 90’s before becoming President and Prime Minister respectively .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
In 2004 it was reported that John Edwards ’ performance at the Bilderberg conference in Italy was a key factor in his selection as John Kerry ’s number two .
Bilderberg attendees even broke house rules to applaud Edwards at the end of a speech he gave to the elitists about American politics .
Pedro Santana Lopes and Jose Socrates attended the 2004 Bilderberg meeting in Stresa , Italy before both going on to become Prime Minster of Portugal .
Just days before the announcement was made , Van Rompuy attended a dinner organized by the Bilderberg Group in Brussels , where he met with top Bilderberg steering committee members and gave a speech about implementing a raft of new taxes , including airline tax , fuel duty tax and value added tax , all of which will form an EU tax that goes straight to Brussels .
“ The possibilities of financial levies at European level must be seriously examined and for the first time the large countries in the union are open to that , ” said Van Rompuy , according to Dutch newspaper De Tijd .
The report describes how Van Rompuy held discussions with Bilderberg chairman Étienne Davignon , who earlier this year bragged to the EU Observer about how the Euro single currency was a brainchild of the Bilderberg Group .
Van Rompuy also had a meeting with lifelong Bilderberg member Henry Kissinger .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
The foundations for the EU and ultimately the Euro single currency were laid by the secretive Bilderberg Group in the mid-1950’s .
Bilderberg ’s owned leaked documents prove that the agenda to create a European common market and a single currency were formulated by Bilderberg in 1955 .
One of the group ’s principle founders was H. Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands , a former Nazi SS officer .
But the ideological framework for the European Union goes back even further , to the 1940 ’s when top Nazi economists and academics outlined the plan for a single European economic community , an agenda that was duly followed after the end of the second world war .
As we have highlighted in the past , Nazism and the EU have some very disturbing parallels .
Indeed , the two are fundamentally intertwined and the origins of the EU can be traced directly back to the Nazis .
The fact that the EU was a brainchild of top Nazi economists and industrialists , formulated as a means of preserving dictatorial power and then implemented by a former Nazi working under the auspices of the Bilderberg Group in 1955 , proves that the entire European Union system is poisoned with a legacy and a raison d’être of totalitarianism .
This is becoming increasingly obvious in the 21st century as popular social movements across Europe rise up to oppose the blatant power grab being undertaken by the EU via the Lisbon Treaty , which was forced through in Ireland earlier this year despite the population having already rejected it in a previous national referendum .
Just like Hitler repeatedly polled Germans of the 1930 ’s until he could intimidate them into delivering the result he wanted , the European Union has followed the same method .
The ratification of the Lisbon Treaty was what enabled the EU to create the post of a European President in the first place , and there seems little doubt that Van Rompuy will do everything in his power to accelerate the move towards Bilderberg ’s ultimate goal – a dictatorial European federal superstate that completely swallows up what tattered shreds of sovereignty member states have left .
This article was posted : Friday , November 20 , 2009 at 10:50 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
How the Obama administration is misreading the recession
If there was one thing that seemed certain about the Obama administration , it was their commitment to Keynesian deficit spending to boost the economy out of its slump .
But Keynes beware : With unemployment at a whopping 10.2 percent , and probably rising , the White House has begun trumpeting its commitment to Hoover - style deficit busting .
On November 13 , the White House warned cabinet departments of a spending freeze .
The next week , while in China , Barack Obama told an interviewer the United States could suffer from a “ double - dip recession ” if it did n’t restrain public debt .
And just this week , the White House declared its displeasure with House Democrats ’ plans for a new job stimulus .
If the administration does block a new stimulus program - - either directly or by reinforcing Republican complaints about government spending -- that will have severe repercussions , not only on the economic recovery but also on Obama ’s political standing .
In a Gallup poll last week , Obama ’s popularity dropped below 50 percent for the first time .
That reflected , perhaps , the turmoil on Capitol Hill over the health care bill , but it seems primarily due to rising unemployment -- which , without a new stimulus , will continue to rise over the next year .
Many previous recessions have been cyclical events precipitated by government efforts to stem the inflation created by a boom or other external events , such as an energy crisis .
The severe Reagan recession of the early 1980s , for example , came about when the Federal Reserve under Paul Volcker jacked up interest rates to choke off inflation .
As inflation eased , the Fed lowered interest rates , and the private economy quickly revived .
But the current recession , like the depression of the 1930s , did not result from the Fed ’s attempts to curb inflation .
It was the product of a slowdown in industrial production , which was caused by global overcapacity and foreign competition .
According to a recent report from the management consulting firm Deloitte , all American industries except for healthcare and aerospace / defense - - both of which government heavily regulates and subsidizes -- have suffered from declining rates of profit since 1995 .
A slowdown in the telecom and other core private industries contributed to the recession during 2001 - 2002 .
This slowdown - - epitomized most recently by autos , but not limited to them in the least -- underlies the current recession .
This recession is often described as a financial crisis -- and it ’s true that the bursting of the housing bubble did precipitate the sharp downturn that began in late 2008 .
But the bubble itself was a product of global savings ( particularly from the Chinese ) seeking investment outlets in the United States , finding few in industrial sectors , and turning instead to Treasury bills and derivatives from the inflated housing market .
That is , again , similar to the depression of the 1930s , which was precipitated by the stock market crash , but which was underlain by a downturn in auto and other key industries of the 1920s .
Tuesday , October 27 , 12:00 AM EDT Excuses for Not Giving out Candy on Halloween
11 . Requested party members to farm candy , but did n't get any takers .
10 . Used all the Mentos I bought during production of my latest YouTube video .
9 . I 'm Schroedinger 's house .
When you opened the door my candy disappeared .
8 . I thought giving out condoms would be more beneficial to society .
7 . Too busy installing Windows 7 patches to buy candy .
6 . My mother was killed by a peanut M & M. 5 . Better sales on candy on November 1 .
4 .
All the candy was eaten by the ravenous bugblatter beast of Traal .
3 . I sent all the candy to a Nigerian prince .
2 . I calculated the cost / benefit ratio , and saw all cost and no benefit .
1 . All the kids in this neighborhood are too fat already including you .
This one goes to 11 .
Previous Story :
MPAA Cracking Down on Unlicensed Halloween Costumes Next Story :
CNN Validates Time Traveler 's Claims , Networks Broadcast Message
For more than a year , BitTorrent search engine is oHunt has chased the Canadian music industry in court .
In an act of self - defense , the founder of the site has sued the Canadian branch of the RIAA , asking the court to legalize its operations .
After an initial setback , isoHunt submitted a full claim to the court this week .
During September 2008 , isoHunt founder Gary Fung grew tired of the threats from the Canadian Recording Industry Association ( CRIA ) .
Instead of waiting for the CRIA to take action against him , Fung took the unusual step of suing the music industry outfit , seeking confirmation that the site ’s operations are legal .
“ This is our preemptive strike with a narrowly defined petition for Declaratory Relief that we do not infringe , in anticipation they are going to file their own lawsuit that we do infringe ( their copyright ) , ” Fung told Torrent Freak at the time .
In March 2009 , isoHunt and the CRIA appeared in court where the judge ruled that the issues in question were too complex and consequences too far - reaching not to move to a full trial .
This decision was appealed by isoHunt , but without result , meaning that is oHunt has to go through the costly process of a full trial .
This week , isoHunt ’s founder continued his crusade and filed the statement of claim ( pdf ) with the Supreme Court .
The document describes the functionality of the search engines he operates ( isoHunt and sister sites Torrentbox and Podtropolis ) and asks the court to declare that these do not violate Canadian copyright law .
Despite the worsening copyright climate in other parts of the world , Fung remains confident that Canadian law is on his side .
“ I have high hopes for Canadian copyright laws and its courts to not make the mistakes that have been made elsewhere in the world .
We must fight the increasing noise we are drowned in , that file sharing is stealing , ” he said .
“ As for CRIA and member record labels , if you come to your sense of reason , I would love to talk to you outside of court .
The ball you ’ve dropped on us is back to you , ” Fung concludes .
After the partial shutdown of Mininova yesterday , isoHunt is now the second largest torrent site around in terms of traffic , trailing only behind The Pirate Bay .
However , all of Fung ’s torrent sites combined draw more traffic than any other torrent site around .
Aside from the three torrent sites mentioned in the case and despite the legal troubles , Fung recently launched Hexagon , a new ‘ social ‘ BitTorrent site .
Surveillance cameras have a pretty lousy track record of fighting terrorism and crime , here in the West .
But that has n't stopped major U.S. cities from putting up spycam networks – or kept Kabul from getting in on the act .
Afghanistan 's National Police have strung cameras around the capital , and are now monitoring their feeds from a central location .
" When a suspect is located , they are followed from camera to camera , from every angle of view – until they are identified as a threat , or not , " a NATO video says .
The cameras have a place , of course .
Western forces have used all kinds of surveillance blimps , drones , and towers to watch over war zones in Iraq and Afghanistan - and caught all kinds of adversaries in the process .
But keeping Kabul safe is going to rely primarily on more and more - upstanding cops on the beat , not turning those officers into monitor - jockeys .
ALSO :
She looks innocent and has a respectable job - but Holly is one of a generation of women for whom drunken violence is just part of a night out
For Yvonne Cole , the night began no differently from any other .
A new dress to show off to her girlfriends , a few drinks as they got ready at home and then off to the local nightclub for a bit of dancing and harmless fun .
That was the idea .
Instead , the night would end in a very different way - a way that a generation ago would have been unheard of , but which today is only too common .
Trying to calm down a petty argument between a friend and another young woman , 19 - year - old Yvonne suddenly found herself lying on the floor , blood streaming from a wound to her head .
Self - confessed ladette : Holly Clements looks like butter would n't melt , left , but on nights out fuelled by binge drinking she 's turned rowdy and violent
A glass had been smashed into her face by her drunk , female assailant , narrowly missing her right eye but leaving a two - inch cut deep into her forehead and knocking her out at the same time .
' I did n't expect it , ' recalls Yvonne , a part - time model and student nurse from Taunton , Somerset .
' This girl just exploded out of nothing and slammed the glass into my face . '
In some respects , Yvonne was lucky .
Because of a previous glassing in the club in which a young man lost an eye , the glass she was attacked with was made from reinforced plastic and did not shatter .
But even so , when she looked at herself in the mirror after being admitted to hospital , she knew her dreams of being a model were over before they had really begun .
' I was shocked at my reflection - the cut was deep and has left a scar that will probably never fade , ' she says .
Deeply upset , Yvonne was determined to press charges against her attacker .
But it became apparent that was not going to happen .
The police told her the young woman denied the attack , claiming the glass had slipped out of her hand .
She was issued with a caution , a slap on the wrist , and allowed to go on her way .
' I was surprised , ' said Yvonne .
Night out :
Holly said binge - drinking is the norm for her and her friends
' The police did n't seem to be too bothered about it .
I did n't think girls were involved in this sort of thing so thought it would be taken really seriously .
But maybe the police are used to it , maybe it happens all the time . '
Sad to say , that is n't far from the truth .
Shocking figures reveal women are being convicted of violent crimes at the rate of more than 200 every week - an increase of 81 per cent since Labour came to power .
Murders have more than doubled , life - threatening woundings are up by a fifth and common assault has soared by 151 per cent
More often than not , the violence is fuelled by alcohol as women make the most of 24 - hour drinking and emulate the worst behaviour of men .
And , as the Mail reported this week , the number of so - called ' stranger assaults ' in Binge Britain is soaring - partly thanks to attacks carried by foulmouthed , inebriated and violent ladettes .
' There has been a real and unacceptable rise in the number of offences committed by young women , ' says Paul McKeever , chairman of the Police Federation , the body which represents rankand - file police officers .
' As teenagers we used to sit on the swings swigging cider '
' The culture has changed in the past ten or 15 years and drink is a major factor .
In the past , people might have gone away on holiday and while there consumed large quantities of alcohol , but when they came back home would return to a more conservative way of drinking .
' Now it is almost holiday - drinking 52 weeks a year .
Whereas in the past if there was an altercation in a pub or club women would have been in the background , that is simply not the case any more .
' Today there is almost no shame involved in being drunk and out of control - it is almost seen as a vital part of a good night out . '
If proof of Mr McKeever 's observations were needed , then the news over the past two weeks provides a choice array of evidence .
First up is the unforgettable image of a young woman out celebrating in Cardiff which the Daily Mail published a few days ago .
Her hair carefully piled on to her head and her little black dress set off by a shimmering necklace , it is clear from the photograph that she has taken time with her appearance before going out .
But her behaviour is anything but demure .
Flanked by a laughing posse of female friends , she is caught on camera shrieking at the top of her voice , staggering down the middle of a road , arms raised above her head - and with a pair of knickers around her ankles .
No shame , there , it seems .
But at least ( and that 's assuming the young woman did n't subsequently trip and fall ) no one was physically hurt by that very public display of lewd behaviour .
Unfortunately , the same could not be said of another incident which involved five women , aged between 21 and 42 , who were each jailed for six months recently for attacking a man in Grimsby town centre .
The incident was captured on CCTV and showed Matthew Campbell , 38 , being punched to the pavement where he was then kicked and hit in a ferocious assault that lasted a full eight minutes .
His assailants , all members of the same extended family , had been drinking heavily .
To his credit , Mr Campbell restrained himself from hitting back - on the basis that no man should ever be violent towards a woman .
He now knows such chivalry is
The number of women fined for being drunk and disorderly in public has risen by nearly a third in three years
redundant in 21st - century Britain .
' Women like this are no strangers to mindless violence , ' Mr Campbell observed following the court case .
' Drink is just a fuel .
They do n't go out to enjoy themselves , they go out to cause as much mayhem as possible . '
Do n't believe it ?
Consider what the youngest of his assailants , Katie Tomlinson , wrote on her profile page on social networking site Bebo : ' Happiest when im all stella'd up n partyin . '
Evidence that more women are drinking to excess and then behaving badly is backed up by statistics .
One study , for example , showed the number of women fined for being drunk and disorderly in public has risen by nearly a third in three years .
The figures are up from 6,098 in 2005 to 7,930 in 2007 - a sharper increase than that seen in men .
The biggest rise of all was seen among young women .
The number of girls aged between 16 and 17 who were fined increased by 47 per cent , from 438 to 642 .
So what is going on ?
Dr Kate O'Brien , a criminologist at the University of Kent , says : ' First , until the early Nineties , women found drunk in town and city centres were n't dealt with in the same way as they are today .
Alcohol - driven scrapes :
Holly once attacked another woman in a bar when she was drunk
' There has been a big change in the way we perceive drunk and disorderly women , and police officers today are much more likely to arrest and charge a woman who is drunk on the street .
' In the past , a more welfare - based approach meant that young women being drunk in public spaces were likely to be treated with care and their safety considered .
' As a result of this new approach , the increase in recorded violent crime makes it look as though women are getting much more violent , but in fact it shows that the police are much more likely to use certain powers to criminalise young women . '
Dr O'Brien believes the opportunities for women to drink have increased .
Pub and club operators market themselves to young women , using female - friendly interiors and drink promotions .
Also , she says , because women are delaying having children and because many more are in post - 16 education , they are more likely to go out to drink in pubs and clubs .
' The taboos about women drinking in public spaces have reduced , ' says Dr O'Brien .
' In the past , if we saw a young , drunken disorderly woman in the street , we would have been quite shocked , thinking : " That is not what young women do . "
' Today , we are so used to seeing women behaving this way that we expect it . '
At the same time , many argue there has been a cultural shift , whereby female drunkenness is seen as a badge of honour .
There has been a cultural shift , whereby female drunkenness is seen as a badge of honour
A quick search of social networking sites such as Facebook reveals a plethora of groups dedicated to showcasing photographs of the drunken antics of young women - unconscious , vomiting , urinating or exposing themselves to the camera .
Incredibly , the pictures are often submitted by the women in the pictures .
Dr David Green , director of the Civitas think - tank , says : ' There has been a trend among a minority of young females to become more like men , and the roles they have chosen to emulate are the worst men .
Add to that the drinking , and that adds up to more violence . '
It is something that solicitor 's receptionist Holly Clements is well aware of .
At the age of 24 , she has been involved in more alcohol - driven scrapes than she can remember .
But given that she started drinking at the age of ten , perhaps that is hardly surprising .
Having started off by sampling the spirits in her parents ' drinks cabinet , by the time Holly arrived at secondary school she and a group of friends had progressed to being regular drinkers .
' We used to sit on the swings swigging cider , ' says Holly , whose mother Denise is a civil servant and dad Tony a London taxi driver .
Strain on resources :
The emergency services are having to deal with more and more incidents relating to women binge - drinking
' I would spend my dinner money on drink and , because my parents were both at work when I came home from school , they never guessed what I was up to .
' Among my contemporaries , binge - drinking is the norm , ' she says .
' All the clubs offer free entry for women .
These days , it is hard to go out and not have a drink . '
And when Holly has a drink , it often ends in trouble .
On one occasion , she was thrown out of a nightclub by bouncers for yelling obscenities at them .
On another , she was so drunk that she tripped and fell over a paving slab , injuring her face so badly that she had to go to hospital for treatment .
That incident served as a wake - up call for Holly who , by then , was drinking so much that she had put on a stone in weight .
Determined to turn her life around , last year she appeared on TV reality show Ladette To Lady , in which young women who have gone off the rails are coached to behave more appropriately .
Following the series , a seemingly reformed Holly was delighted to land a job with a legal firm .
But despite being given a second chance , it 's not all been plain sailing .
On holiday in Barbados last month , she was drinking again and ended up in a violent altercation with another British woman .
A fight broke out and ( although Holly claims she was acting in self - defence ) the other woman ended up needing hospital treatment for a cut to the face from a broken glass .
Holly was arrested on a wounding charge and fined £ 459 .
' I had n't even had much to drink and because it happened so fast , I can hardly remember what happened or what it was about .
Since then , I 've drunk even less .
' It brought home how dangerous excessive drinking is .
I am sure that had I not had any alcohol , I would have seen the trouble coming and walked away sooner .
But what happened to me is just a normal occurrence in almost every pub and nightclub any night of the week . '
That this is indeed the case is highlighted by research carried out in nightclubs in Glasgow .
It ’s a fact
The number of women found guilty of murder , vicious assault and other attacks has risen by 81 per cent since 1998
It discovered that women were responsible for 37 per cent of violent attacks in the clubs surveyed , shattering the belief that it is almost always men who are behind such trouble .
Of those women involved in fights , 40 per cent of female attackers pulled their victims ' hair , 30 per cent punched and slapped them and 10 per cent kicked and slapped their adversaries .
The researchers were on hand to witness the fights and noted that the level of violence involving women was comparable with fights between men .
In 30 per cent of female cases , the victim was injured .
In fights between men , the proportion was 34 per cent .
Among the female assailants witnessed by researchers was an ' extremely vicious ' woman in her early 20s who battered her victim with a stiletto heel .
In another incident , a baying mob of 18 - year - old females cornered a girl in a toilet cubicle and one of them shouted : ' I know you 're in there .
Just wait until you come out .'
The study observed that security staff in nightclubs , who are generally men , often appeared reluctant to intervene in fights involving women .
This allowed the women to get more out of control than men .
' The findings of this research were unexpected , as previous research of this nature has tended to find that aggressive behaviour in bars is a predominantly , or even exclusively , male activity , ' the study concludes .
' Female nightclub patrons ' aggression seems to be as severe as that of their male counterparts and also occurring at a similar frequency . '
It is something that Yvonne Cole has learned , to her cost , at the age of 19 .
And it is something she will be reminded of every time she looks in the mirror .
Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper speaks at a Canadian Chamber of Commerce conference on the economy in Toronto , October 21 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Mark Blinch
TORONTO ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Canadian 24 - hour news channels struggling for audience and advertising revenue against growing American competition from CNN , Fox News and MSNBC have one less viewer : Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
Harper turned heads when he told the Canadian Chamber of Commerce convention in Toronto that he prefers American to Canadian newscasts .
“ I watched the last several elections in the United States very closely .
I tend to watch mainly American news , because I do n’t like to watch Canadian news and hear what Allan ( Gregg ) and everybody else is saying about me .
So my hobby is to watch politics elsewhere , ” the prime minister said during a Q&A session .
Harper referred to prominent Canadian pollster and TV pundit Gregg , who was in the Toronto audience .
The prime minister ’s admission drew disbelief from Harper ’s cabinet ministers , and criticism from opposition politicians .
“ I ’m sure ( Harper ) does ” watch Canadian news , federal Industry Minister Tony Clement told reporters outside the House of Commons in Ottawa .
“ We ’re news junkies , all of us are .
Come on .
You know what we ’re all about , ” Clement added .
Some artists are more than merely great .
There are some artists that for a period of years , a period that is finite , consistently produced music that , it can be argued , far exceeded the work of their peers .
For that brief period of time they were definitely Masters of the Form .
A Miami lawyer has filed a class - action lawsuit against domain name auction site SnapNames.com , after the company announced that a former employee was bidding against potential customers in domain name auctions .
Attorney Santiago Cueto filed the lawsuit Monday in Miami - Dade County Circuit Court on behalf of his brother , Carlos Cueto , and others who participated in SnapNames.com ’s online auctions .
The lawsuit alleges that a former vice president at SnapNames.com secretly bid on tens of thousands of domain name auctions over the past four years , leading to falsely inflated prices .
Some of the SnapNames auctions run into the tens of thousands of dollars , Santiago Cueto said .
His brother , who owns about 3,000 domain names , has long suspected shill bidding in some domain name auctions , he said .
“ He ’s been frustrated by the process for years , ” Santiago Cueto said .
“ I think the entire industry needs to be cleaned up . ”
SnapNames.com , a subsidiary of Oversee.net , sent out notices last week that it had discovered the employee bidding on domain name auctions .
SnapNames , which resells expired domain names , calls itself the largest resale marketplace for domain names .
The company runs hundreds of auctions a day , it says on its Web sites .
In a notice sent out last week , SnapNames said the shill bidding affected about 5 percent of all its auctions since 2005 , with most of the activity happening between 2005 and 2007 .
Some auctions in 2008 and 2009 were also affected , it said .
The former employee won the auction in less than 1 percent of the cases , the company said .
The company recently “ discovered that an employee had set up an account on the SnapNames system under a false name and , under this name , bid in SnapNames auctions , ” it said in the notice .
“ This is a clear violation of our internal policy and was not approved by the company . ”
SnapNames will offer rebates to affected customers , with an independent auditor determining the rebates on a case - by - case basis , the company said .
SnapNames representatives were n’t immediately available to comment on the Miami lawsuit .
Cueto called domain names “ the last frontier for the average person to stake their claim on some very valuable property . ”
While his brother is the only plaintiff in the lawsuit so far , Cueto expects other bidders to join .
The Cueto Law Group will also explore legal actions against other firms suspected of similar activity , he said .
“ A lot of people are saying , ‘ Aha , I knew it , ’ ” he said .
Opinion Obama Has Failed the World on Climate Change
US President Barack Obama came to office promising hope and change .
But on climate change , he has followed in the footsteps of his predecessor , George W. Bush .
Now , should the climate summit in Copenhagen fail , the blame will lie squarely with Obama .
Von Christian Schwägerl
There is a lot of bad code in the world .
My objective in this article is to help wxPython programmers learn how to make their applications easier to maintain and modify .
It should be noted that what is in this article is not necessarily the so - called “ best ” way to refactor a program ; instead the following is a representation of what I have learned from my own experience , with a bit of help from Robin Dunn ’s book , wxPython in Action , and the wxPython community .
For illustration purposes , I created a GUI skeleton of the popular calculator program that computer science professors like to spring on unsuspecting new students .
The code only creates the user interface .
It will not actually do any calculations .
However , I found some code on this site that should be easy to adapt for this program .
I ’ll leave that as an exercise for the reader .
Let ’s take a look at a rough , non-refactored piece of code :
import wx class PyCalc( wx.App ) : def __init__( self , redirect = False , filename= None ) : wx.App.__init__( self , redirect , filename ) def OnInit ( self ) : # create frame here self .
frame = wx .
Frame ( None , wx. ID_ANY , title= " Calculator " ) panel = wx .Panel( self.frame , wx . ID_ANY ) self.displayTxt = wx .
TextCtrl ( panel , wx . ID_ANY , " 0 " , size = ( 155 , -1 ) , style=wx.TE_RIGHT|wx.TE_READONLY ) size = ( 35 , 35 ) zeroBtn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx . ID_ANY , " 0 " , size=size ) one Btn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx . ID_ANY , " 1 " , size=size ) two Btn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx . ID_ANY , " 2 " , size=size ) three Btn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx . ID_ANY , " 3 " , size=size ) four Btn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx . ID_ANY , " 4 " , size=size ) five Btn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx . ID_ANY , " 5 " , size=size ) sixBtn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx . ID_ANY , " 6 " , size=size ) sevenBtn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx . ID_ANY , " 7 " , size=size ) eight Btn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx . ID_ANY , " 8 " , size=size ) nine Btn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx .
ID_ANY , " 9 " , size=size ) zeroBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method1 ) oneBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method2 ) twoBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method3 ) threeBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method4 ) fourBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method5 ) fiveBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method6 ) sixBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method7 ) sevenBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method8 ) eightBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method9 ) nineBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method10 ) divBtn = wx.Button ( panel , wx. ID_ANY , " / " , size=size ) multiBtn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx. ID_ANY , " * " , size=size ) subBtn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx. ID_ANY , " - " , size=size ) add Btn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx. ID_ANY , " + " , size = ( 35,100 ) ) equals Btn = wx .
Button ( panel , wx .
ID_ANY , " Enter " , size = ( 35,100 ) ) divBtn.
Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method11 ) multiBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method12 ) addBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method13 ) subBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method14 ) equalsBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.method15 ) mainSizer = wx.BoxSizer(wx.VERTICAL ) masterBtnSizer = wx .
BoxSizer( wx.HORIZONTAL ) vBtnSizer = wx.BoxSizer(wx.VERTICAL ) numSizer = wx. GridBagSizer ( hgap=5 , vgap=5 ) numSizer .
Add(divBtn , pos= ( 0,0 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer.Add(multiBtn , pos= ( 0,1 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer.Add(subBtn , pos= ( 0,2 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer.Add(sevenBtn , pos= ( 1,0 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer.Add(eightBtn , pos= ( 1,1 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(nineBtn , pos= ( 1,2 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(fourBtn , pos= ( 2,0 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(fiveBtn , pos= ( 2,1 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(sixBtn , pos= ( 2,2 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(oneBtn , pos= ( 3,0 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(twoBtn , pos= ( 3,1 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add( threeBtn , pos= ( 3,2 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(zeroBtn , pos= ( 4,1 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) vBtnSizer.Add(addBtn , 0 ) vBtnSizer.Add(equalsBtn , 0 ) masterBtnSizer.Add(numSizer , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) masterBtnSizer .
Add(vBtnSizer , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) mainSizer.Add(self.displayTxt , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) mainSizer.Add(masterBtnSizer ) panel.SetSizer(mainSizer ) mainSizer .
Fit(self.frame ) self.
frame .
Show ( ) return
True def method1 ( self , event ) : pass def method2 ( self , event ) : pass def method3 ( self , event ) : pass def method4 ( self , event ) : pass def method5 ( self , event ) : pass def method6 ( self , event ) : pass def method7 ( self , event ) : pass def method8 ( self , event ) : pass def method9 ( self , event ) : pass def method10 ( self , event ) : pass def method13 ( self , event ) : pass def method14 ( self , event ) : pass def method12 ( self , event ) : pass def method11 ( self , event ) : pass def method15 ( self , event ) : pass def main ( ) : app = PyCalc( ) app.MainLoop( ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : main ( )
I based this code on some very nasty VBA code that I have had to maintain over the last few years .
This is the kind of code you ’re likely to encounter from programs that auto - generate code for the programmer , such as Visual Studio or the macro builder in Microsoft Office .
Notice that the functions are just numbered instead of being descriptive and that a lot of the code looks the same .
When you see two or more lines of code that look the same or seem to have the same purpose , they are usually eligible for refactoring .
A term for this phenomenon is “ copy and paste ” or spaghetti code ( not to be confused with other pasta - related code euphemisms ) .
Yes , copy and pasted code is evil !
When you need to make a change , you need to find every single instance of the copied code and change it too .
On that note , let ’s start refactoring this mess !
I think separating the frame , the app and the panel objects makes the code easier to deal with , so that ’s what we ’ll do first .
By looking at the widget ’s parents , we see that the text control and all the buttons use the panel for their parent , so let ’s put all of that into one class .
I ’ll also put the actual widget creation and layout into one function that can be called from the panel class ’s __init__ ( see below ) .
class MainPanel ( wx. Panel ) : def __init__ ( self , parent ) : wx.Panel.__init__(self , parent=parent , id=wx.ID_ANY ) self .
parent = parent self.formula = [ ] self.currentVal = " 0 " self.previousVal = " 0 " self.operator = None self.operatorFlag = False self.createAndlayoutWidgets ( ) def createAndlayoutWidgets ( self ) : mainSizer = wx.BoxSizer(wx.VERTICAL ) masterBtnSizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.HORIZONTAL ) vBtnSizer = wx.BoxSizer(wx.VERTICAL ) numSizer = wx. GridBagSizer ( hgap=5 , vgap=5 ) self.displayTxt = wx .
TextCtrl(self , wx . ID_ANY , " 0 " , size = ( 155 , -1 ) , style=wx.TE_RIGHT|wx.TE_READONLY ) # number buttons size = ( 45 , 45 ) zeroBtn = wx .
Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 0 " , size=size ) one Btn = wx .
Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 1 " , size=size ) two Btn = wx .
Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 2 " , size=size ) three Btn = wx .
Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 3 " , size=size ) four Btn = wx .
Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 4 " , size=size ) five Btn = wx .
Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 5 " , size=size ) sixBtn = wx .
Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 6 " , size=size ) sevenBtn = wx .
Button ( self , wx .
ID_ANY , " 7 " , size=size ) eight Btn = wx .
Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 8 " , size=size ) nine Btn = wx .
Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 9 " , size=size ) numBtnLst = [ zeroBtn , oneBtn , twoBtn , three Btn , fourBtn , five Btn , sixBtn , sevenBtn , eight Btn , nineBtn ] for button in numBtnLst : button .
Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton ) # operator buttons divBtn = wx.
Button ( self , wx. ID_ANY , " / " , size=size ) multiBtn = wx .
Button ( self , wx. ID_ANY , " * " , size=size ) subBtn = wx .
Button ( self , wx. ID_ANY , " - " , size=size ) add Btn = wx .
Button ( self , wx. ID_ANY , " + " , size = ( 45,100 ) ) equals Btn = wx .
Button ( self , wx .
ID_ANY , " Enter " , size = ( 45,100 ) ) equalsBtn.Bind(wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onCalculate ) opBtnLst = [ divBtn , multiBtn , subBtn , addBtn ] for button in opBtnLst : button .
Bind( wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onOperation ) numSizer .Add(divBtn , pos= ( 0,0 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer.Add(multiBtn , pos= ( 0,1 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer.Add(subBtn , pos= ( 0,2 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer.Add(sevenBtn , pos= ( 1,0 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(eightBtn , pos= ( 1,1 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(nineBtn , pos= ( 1,2 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(fourBtn , pos= ( 2,0 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(fiveBtn , pos= ( 2,1 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(sixBtn , pos= ( 2,2 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(oneBtn , pos= ( 3,0 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(twoBtn , pos= ( 3,1 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add( threeBtn , pos= ( 3,2 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) numSizer .
Add(zeroBtn , pos= ( 4,1 ) , flag=wx.CENTER ) vBtnSizer.Add(addBtn , 0 ) vBtnSizer.Add(equalsBtn , 0 ) masterBtnSizer.Add(numSizer , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) masterBtnSizer .
Add(vBtnSizer , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) mainSizer.Add(self.displayTxt , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) mainSizer.Add(masterBtnSizer ) self.SetSizer(mainSizer ) mainSizer.Fit(self.parent )
You ’ll notice that the addition of a function and some white space has made this portion of the code look much nicer .
It also enables us to take this code and put it into a separate file if we wanted to , which we could then import .
This can help promote the whole MVC way of doing of things .
If you were paying attention , you ’ll see that I ’ve bound the number buttons to one handler and the operator buttons to a different handler .
Here are the methods I am employing :
def onOperation ( self , event ) : " " " Add an operator to the equation " " " print " onOperation handler fired " def onButton ( self , event ) : " " " Keeps the display up to date " " " # Get the button object button Obj = event .
GetEventObject ( ) #
Get the label of the button object buttonLbl = buttonObj. GetLabel( ) def onCalculate ( self ) : " " " Calculate the total " " " print ' in onCalculate '
I stuck some code in the onButton event handler so that you could see how to get a handle to the button object that called it .
Otherwise , this method does n’t really do anything .
The other methods are just stubs .
Now let ’s look at the frame and app object code :
class PyCalcFrame ( wx. Frame ) : def __init__( self ) : wx .Frame.__init__(self , parent=None , id=wx.ID_ANY , title= " Calculator " ) panel = MainPanel( self ) class PyCalc( wx.App ) : def __init__( self , redirect = False , filename= None ) : wx.App.__init__( self , redirect , filename ) def OnInit ( self ) : # create frame here frame = PyCalcFrame ( ) frame .
Show ( ) return True def main ( ) : app = PyCalc( ) app.MainLoop( ) if __name__ == " __main__ " : main ( )
As you can see , they are very short and to the point .
If you ’re in a hurry , then this little bit of refactoring might be enough for you .
However , I think we can do better .
Scroll back up and take a second look at that refactored panel class .
See how there are over a dozen button creation lines that are basically the same ?
There are also a lot of “ sizer .
Add ” lines in there too .
Those will be our next target !
On the wxPython mailing list this last spring ( 2009 ) , there was a large discussion on this topic .
I saw lots of interesting solutions , but the one that was bandied about the most was the creation of some kind of widget building method .
That ’s what I will show you how to do .
Here is my limited version :
def onWidgetSetup ( self , widget , event , handler , sizer , pos=None , flags= [ ] ) : " " "
Accepts a widget , the widget 's default event and its handler , the sizer for the widget , the position of the widget inside the sizer ( if applicable ) and the sizer flags ( if applicable ) " " " widget .
Bind ( event , handler ) if not pos : sizer .
Add( widget , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) elif pos and flags : sizer .
Add( widget , pos=pos , flag=wx.CENTER ) else : sizer .
Add( widget , pos=pos ) return widget
This is a pretty simple bit of code that takes a widget , binds it to an event and adds the resultant combination to a sizer .
This script could be expanded to do additional bindings , nest sizers , set fonts and much more .
Use your imagination .
Now we can take a look at how this has changed the panel class code :
class MainPanel ( wx. Panel ) : def __init__ ( self , parent ) : wx.Panel.__init__(self , parent=parent , id=wx.ID_ANY ) self .
parent = parent self.formula = [ ] self.currentVal = " 0 " self.previousVal = " 0 " self.operator = None self.operatorFlag = False self.createAndlayoutWidgets ( ) def createAndlayoutWidgets ( self ) : mainSizer = wx.BoxSizer(wx.VERTICAL ) masterBtnSizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.HORIZONTAL ) vBtnSizer = wx.BoxSizer(wx.VERTICAL ) numSizer = wx. GridBagSizer ( hgap=5 , vgap=5 ) self.displayTxt = wx .
TextCtrl(self , wx . ID_ANY , " 0 " , size = ( 155 , -1 ) , style=wx.TE_RIGHT|wx.TE_READONLY ) # number buttons size = ( 45 , 45 ) zeroBtn = self .
on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 0 " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton , numSizer , pos= ( 4,1 ) ) one Btn = self .
on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 1 " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton , numSizer , pos= ( 3,0 ) ) two Btn = self .
on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx .ID_ANY , " 2 " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton , numSizer , pos= ( 3,1 ) ) three Btn = self .
onWidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 3 " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton , numSizer , pos= ( 3,2 ) ) fourBtn = self .
on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx .ID_ANY , " 4 " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton , numSizer , pos= ( 2,0 ) ) five Btn = self .
on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx .ID_ANY , " 5 " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton , numSizer , pos= ( 2,1 ) ) sixBtn = self .
on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 6 " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton , numSizer , pos= ( 2,2 ) ) sevenBtn = self .
on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 7 " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton , numSizer , pos= ( 1,0 ) ) eight Btn = self .
on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 8 " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton , numSizer , pos= ( 1,1 ) ) nineBtn = self .
on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx . ID_ANY , " 9 " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onButton , numSizer , pos= ( 1,2 ) ) # operator buttons divBtn = self .
onWidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx. ID_ANY , " / " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onOperation , numSizer , pos= ( 0,0 ) , flags=wx.CENTER ) multiBtn = self .
on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx. ID_ANY , " * " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onOperation , numSizer , pos= ( 0,1 ) , flags=wx.CENTER ) subBtn = self .
on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx. ID_ANY , " - " , size=size ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self .onOperation , numSizer , pos= ( 0,2 ) , flags=wx.CENTER ) addBtn = self .
on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx. ID_ANY , " + " , size = ( 45,100 ) ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onOperation , vBtnSizer ) equalsBtn = self .on WidgetSetup( wx.Button ( self , wx .ID_ANY , " Enter " , size = ( 45,100 ) ) , wx.EVT_BUTTON , self.onCalculate , vBtnSizer ) masterBtnSizer.Add(numSizer , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) masterBtnSizer .
Add(vBtnSizer , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) mainSizer.Add(self.displayTxt , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) mainSizer.Add(masterBtnSizer ) self.SetSizer(mainSizer ) mainSizer.Fit(self.parent ) def onWidgetSetup ( self , widget , event , handler , sizer , pos=None , flags= [ ] ) : " " "
Accepts a widget , the widget 's default event and its handler , the sizer for the widget , the position of the widget inside the sizer ( if applicable ) and the sizer flags ( if applicable ) " " " widget .
Bind ( event , handler ) if not pos : sizer .
Add( widget , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) elif pos and flags : sizer .
Add( widget , pos=pos , flag=wx.CENTER ) else : sizer .
Add( widget , pos=pos ) return widget
The best part about this code is that it puts all the button creation stuff into a method , so we do n’t have to write “ wx. Button ( ) ” over and over again .
This iteration also removed most of the “ sizer .
Add ” calls .
Of course , in its place , we have a lot of “ self.onWidgetSetup ( ) ” method calls instead .
It looks like this can still be refactored , but how !?
For my next trick , I looked through the Refactoring section in Robin Dunn ’s book and concluded that his ideas were worth a try .
( He is the creator of wxPython , after all . )
In his book , he has a button builder method that looks similar to my widget builder one , although his is much simpler .
He also has a method that just returns button data .
I ’ve taken those ideas and adapted them for this program , as you can see in my final panel code :
class MainPanel ( wx. Panel ) : def __init__ ( self , parent ) : wx.Panel.__init__(self , parent=parent , id=wx.ID_ANY ) self .
parent = parent self.formula = [ ] self.currentVal = " 0 " self.previousVal = " 0 " self.operator = None self.operatorFlag = False self.createDisplay ( ) def createDisplay ( self ) : " " " Create the calculator display " " " mainSizer = wx.BoxSizer(wx.VERTICAL ) masterBtnSizer = wx.BoxSizer( wx.HORIZONTAL ) vBtnSizer = wx.BoxSizer(wx.VERTICAL ) numSizer = wx. GridBagSizer ( hgap=5 , vgap=5 ) self.displayTxt = wx .
TextCtrl(self , wx . ID_ANY , " 0 " , size = ( 155 , -1 ) , style=wx.TE_RIGHT|wx.TE_READONLY ) for eachLabel , eachSize , eachHandler , eachPos in self.buttonData( ) : button = self.buildButton(eachLabel , eachSize , eachHandler ) if eachPos : numSizer .
Add( button , pos=eachPos , flag=wx.CENTER ) else : vBtnSizer.Add( button ) masterBtnSizer.Add(numSizer , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) masterBtnSizer .
Add(vBtnSizer , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) mainSizer.Add(self.displayTxt , 0 , wx .ALL , 5 ) mainSizer.Add(masterBtnSizer ) self.SetSizer(mainSizer ) mainSizer.Fit(self.parent ) def buttonData ( self ) : size = ( 45 , 45 ) return ( ( " 0 " , size , self .
onButton , ( 4,1 ) ) , ( " 1 " , size , self .
onButton , ( 3,0 ) ) , ( " 2 " , size , self .
onButton , ( 3,1 ) ) , ( " 3 " , size , self .
onButton , ( 3,2 ) ) , ( " 4 " , size , self .
onButton , ( 2,0 ) ) , ( " 5 " , size , self .
onButton , ( 2,1 ) ) , ( " 6 " , size , self .
onButton , ( 2,2 ) ) , ( " 7 " , size , self .
onButton , ( 1,0 ) ) , ( " 8 " , size , self .
onButton , ( 1,1 ) ) , ( " 9 " , size , self .
onButton , ( 1,2 ) ) , ( " / " , size , self .
onOperation , ( 0,0 ) ) , ( " * " , size , self .
onOperation , ( 0,1 ) ) , ( " - " , size , self .
onOperation , ( 0,2 ) ) , ( " + " , ( 45,100 ) , self .
on Operation , None ) , ( " Enter " , ( 45,100 ) , self .
onCalculate , None ) ) def buildButton ( self , label , size , handler ) : " " " Builds a button and binds it to an event handler .
Returns the button object " " " button = wx.
Button ( self , wx. ID_ANY , label , size=size ) self .
Bind( wx.EVT_BUTTON , handler , button ) return button
At this point , we should step back and see what this has gained us .
The original code was 132 lines , the first refactor bumped the line count down to 128 , the second increased the count to 144 and this last one took us back down to 120 .
The cynical might say that all we ’ve saved is 12 lines of code .
I disagree .
What we end up with ( whether or not it ’s more code than the original ) is a much easier - to - maintain code base .
This can be modified and kept clean much easier than the original .
I hope this post has helped you see how refactoring your code into classes and methods can make your programs more readable , easier to maintain — and share with other contributors , shame - free !
Downloads
Further Reading
Microsoft 's share of the Internet browser market has fallen by almost a tenth in the space of one year .
The lost share has been split between Firefox , Safari and Google 's new Chrome browser .
( Source : informationweek.com )
Monitoring firm Net Applications has just released its browser statistics for October .
While some reports are concentrating on the changes since September , which saw Internet Explorer drop by just one percentage point , the trends are much more striking when comparing October 2009 to October 2008 .
Firefox Does Most Damage
During that one year period the percentage of Internet users who chose to browse with Internet Explorer dropped from 73.64 % to 64.64 % .
Around half of that lost market share has gone to Mozilla 's Firefox ( 19.6 % rising to 24.07 % ) with the rest going to Apple 's Safari and Google 's Chrome .
The latter pair both remain under the 5 % mark , but , proportionally , have grown immensely in the past year , with Chrome 's audience more than tripling .
( Source : theatlantic.com )
The figures come from visitors to sites which use Net Application 's web application services .
While that represents only a sample of the entire Internet browsing audience , it 's large and diverse enough to give a reliable overall picture , particularly with such a clear and continued trend .
Switching to a Rival Browser
In most cases where a user changes their browser , they are starting from the default option , Internet Explorer , and then switching to a rival .
If they try a different browser and do n't like it , they 'll usually switch back quickly enough that it makes little difference to such figures .
Once they do make the switch for good , they are unlikely to switch back to Internet Explorer ; even if a new IE edition is an improvement , many defectors wo n't bother trying it out .
There are a few reasons why someone would switch to a rival browser .
Firefox appears to be gaining partly because it's the leading rival ( and thus the obvious choice for trying an alternative ) and partly because of theories that suggest it 's more secure .
Safari is gaining ground due to the increased use of Apple devices , particularly the iPhone .
And the low hardware demands of Chrome appear to be particularly attractive to the growing number of netbook users .
( Source : informationweek.com )
The American Time magazine article headline asks , " Will Switzerland Vote to Ban Minarets on Mosques ? "
Swiss citizens are becoming concerned about the threat that Islam presents to their traditional culture , economy and religious institutions .
As an American , I know how I would vote were I Swiss but the decision will be made by the Swiss electorate as they have this referendum right on all issues .
In Switzerland , the people still rule and have the ultimate right to decide decisions above the government or parliament .
Through the right of referendum they can cancel legislation and with the initiative they can pass or create legislative action on issues parliament refuses to act upon .
The bias and closed statist views shown in the article is business as usual for the US media elites out to protect the American political establishment and are so evident in this headline and article .
It is n't the question they asked but rather the question they did n't dare ask is the " 700 - lb gorilla in the room . "
Quoting from the article , " Critics say the SVP , the largest party in Switzerland ’s coalition government , has taken advantage of the country ’s unique brand of direct democracy to push its populist , anti-immigrant agenda on the Swiss electorate .
Citizens have the right to propose new laws in Switzerland — the only thing they need to force a nationwide vote on an initiative is a petition of 100,000 signatures . "
The question not asked is why does n't the American electorate have oversight over legislation and unpopular government regulations in the United States like in Switzerland ?
Imagine if 4 % of the American voters signed a petition requiring a nationwide vote " yea or nay " on the banking bailouts , going to war in Iraq , auditing the Federal Reserve , nationalized health care or on the trillions in new Washington debt added because of the financial meltdown .
The United States would still be a decentralized republic with limited government had we had the political option to hold back Washington and the special interests .
How America would be different if we had Swiss - style political rights to restrain government where the people rule instead of the special interests .
Imagine an America where the billions in graft and political influence that control Congress could still buy legislation but not ultimate control if we as a people could overrule their actions .
What if the will of the people still ultimately controlled the political system and direction with true limited government at the federal , state and local level ?
Imagine the American electorate overriding Congress and demanding a strong dollar backed by real gold reserves , an audit of the Federal Reserve , a rollback of the bailouts , a declaration of war for foreign military intervention , the abolishment of the Patriot Act and a return to banking privacy .
Yes , a Swiss political party ( The Swiss Peoples Party ) promotes a nationalist agenda to the Swiss voters and they will ultimately decide in referendum yes or no on the issue .
This is currently impossible in the United States but Swiss direct democracy and limited confederation government have worked in Switzerland for hundreds of years .
This is far superior to the two - party monopoly in America where the elites controlling both parties can push their self - serving agendas without restraint .
Currently , short of the Tenth Amendment movement , state nullification or outright state secession , there is no real effective way to push back against Washington .
Until the American people can find a way to restrain the Federal government , the bureaucracy and the judiciary , the best place for Americans to secure and safeguard their wealth is outside their own country .
Switzerland is one of the best jurisdictions to consider because their political system has preserved the rights and freedoms we once had as Americans .
Still the ultimate problem for Americans is the necessity to restore our liberties at home because history has shown that wealth without liberty is only a temporary condition at best .
I say , it is time to take a real look at direct democracy in the United States or else Americans who value their property and liberties will have little choice but to first transfer their wealth to safety outside the US as it will be lost in the coming crash of treasury debt and the dollar .
Next we must stand and fight the Washington leviathan through the political tools of the 10th amendment and John C. Calhoun 's political ideal of nullification both of which the Feds will probably just ignore .
Our final democratic political tool is to exercise the political right of state - by - state secession with all the political and historical baggage this entails .
Trust me , Swiss style direct democracy in the United States would be an easier way to control Washington and the special interests but we only have a few years before the Washington debt and dollar collapse is upon us .
Therefore I 'll close with a question .
Is anybody here for secession ?
November 12 , 2009
The Best of Ron Holland
The Best of Ron Holland
A judge ’s decision to reduce a killer ’s sentence because he has genetic mutations linked to violence raises a thorny question – can your genes ever absolve you of responsibility for a particular act ?
In 2007 , Abdelmalek Bayout admitted to stabbing and killing a man and received a sentenced of 9 years and 2 months .
Last week , Nature reported that Pier Valerio Reinotti , an appeal court judge in Trieste , Italy , cut Bayout ’s sentence by a year after finding out he has gene variants linked to aggression .
Leaving aside the question of whether this link is well enough understood to justify Reinotti ’s decision , should genes ever be considered a legitimate defence ?
No , says Nita Farahany , a legal scholar at Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee , who tracks the use of behavioural genetics in the courtroom .
She says genes may provide a guide as to how someone is likely to behave , but they will never tell us why they committed a specific act .
“ It does n’t tell us why they did the thing they did and that ’s what criminal cases are ultimately interested in . ”
Double-edge
What ’s more , the gene argument seems to cut both ways .
Reinotti viewed Bayout ’s genes as mitigating his crime , but Farahany has noticed that US courts are increasingly using genes in evidence for the prosecution .
“ It ’s just as likely to be used against a criminal defendant as for , ” she says .
“ People do n’t recognise the double - edged potential of this evidence . ”
Advertisement
Even if technological advances allow researchers to better explain how genes and environment influence violent behaviour , courts may not take notice , says Terrie Moffitt , a geneticist at King ’s College London and Duke University in Durham , North Carolina , whose previous work influenced the Italian court ’s decision .
Links between inherited genes , environment and violence are already bolstered by family histories and twin studies , she says .
“ Everything we know about family history still does n’t diminish our own responsibility for how we make choices . ”
Sometimes stating the obvious is necessary .
Apple Macs are no safer than Windows PCs when it comes to phishing attacks .
This USA Today newsblog post outlining how Mac users are getting victimized by phishers just as readily as PC users has irritated many Mac loyalists .
The posting made reference to a recent phone survey of 1,003 consumers — commissioned by antivirus vendor Eset — that shows 57 % of Mac users feel it is safe to use their computers with no antivirus protection , while only 27 % of Windows PC users feel that way .
But with phishing attacks spiking — and with elite phishers increasingly harvesting Web mail and social network account logos — the fact that Mac users are not immune is a point well worth making , however obvious .
False sense of security
Watching TV commercials like this one , which depicts the Windows PC geek in a biohazard suit , may reinforce a false notion in the minds of some some Mac users that they are immune to virtually all cyberattacks .
Not so .
Yes , Mac fans , virus writers continue to focus primarily on Windows , since nine of 10 computers connected to the Web are PCs .
However , phishers are platform agnostic .
And right now phishing attacks are surging .
That means all Web users , regardless of one ’s preferred platform , face an escalating risk .
“ Phishing attacks are just as effective on Macs , Linux , Windows , Solaris , and any operating system since they rely on tricking the user and not upon malicious software or any software vulnerabilities , ” says Randy Abrams , Eset ’s director of technical education .
“ The Mac offers no immunity to phishing attacks and so we see an equal percentage of victim representation across the board . ”
Meanwhile , as Macs become more popular , virus writers are stepping up development of malicious programs to take advantage of Macs , as Kaspersky Lab ’s Timothy Armstrong argues in this LastWatchdog guest blog posting .
To buy or not to buy
Kaspersky recently became the latest security vendor to begin offering an antivirus protection suite for Apple computers .
Other security products already on the market include Mac versions of Norton Antivirus , Sophos Antivirus , PC Tools iAntivirus , Avast Antivirus , and McAfee ViruScan , as well as Intego VirusBarrier X5 , Avast and ProtectMac AntiVirus .
Eset does not sell any antivirus products for Macs .
Still , Abrams says Mac users “ should definitely ” consider AV protection .
“ Right now the risk of malware to the Mac is pretty small , but there has been increasing interest by the bad guys in the platform , ” says Abrams .
“ There was a time that most PC users could go without AV protection , but those who were early adopters dodged a lot of bullets when the problem worsened and they were prepared . ”
Abrams is the author of this blog post offering simple , valuable tips s for avoiding phishing scams .
“ Currently the top protection against phishing is education , ” he says .
Illustration courtesy of Eset
– Byron Acohido
November 18th , 2009 | Imminent threats | Top Stories
Is there a more hypocritical figure in American politics than Joe Lieberman ?
The Connecticut senator declared Tuesday that he would support a filibuster of any health care reform bill that has a public option — even the version with the “ trigger ” compromise accepted by Republican Sen.
Olympia Snowe — because it might cost money .
“ I think that a lot of people may think that the public option is free , ” said Lieberman , one of the Senate ’s big spenders , in a suddenly frugal mood .
“ It ’s not .
It ’s going to cost the taxpayers and people that have health insurance now , and if it does n’t , it ’s going to add terribly to our national debt . ”
This from a senator who , as much as anyone , helped run up the national debt since 9/11 by pushing to raise the military budget to its highest level since World War II .
It is a budget inflated by enormous expenditures on high - tech weaponry irrelevant to combating terror , such as the $ 2 - billion - a - piece submarines — produced in his home state of Connecticut — that he claimed were needed to combat al - Qaida , a landlocked enemy holed up in caves .
The same week that he and others in Congress passed a $ 680 - billion defense bill larded with pork of the sort he has always supported , Lieberman is worried about the impact of a very limited public option on the debt .
Lieberman , whose state is also home to insurance companies that are opposed to any consumer - friendly medical coverage alternative , boldly stated that his opposition to even the most limited version of a public option should not be surprising : “ I think my colleagues know for a long time that I ’ve been opposed to a government - created , government - run insurance company . ”
Perhaps during his filibuster to prevent a vote on the public option Lieberman can square that position with his longtime support of the massive government–run insurance programs Medicare and Social Security .
Maybe he can also take that time to justify his strong support for the government bailout of troubled banking and insurance companies that has tripled the federal deficit this year to $ 1.4 trillion .
Is AIG not now a “ government - run insurance company , ” and does n’t the $ 185 billion of taxpayer money tossed at that sorry enterprise add up to more than twice the yearly cost of the health reform package ?
And that ’s without considering the trillions of tax dollars put into play to shore up Citigroup , Bank of America , GM , Chrysler and those other suddenly socialized sectors of American corporate life .
If a scant public choice in health care is so threatening to our way of life , because health care alone must be kept a pristine captive of the most destructive impulses of an unbridled free market , then why not privatize Medicare as well as the publicly financed health care programs for government workers — including those in Congress like Lieberman , veterans and the active military ?
And while we ’re at it , why not revive that Republican fantasy , popular in their ranks just a few years ago , of privatizing Social Security by turning the most effective government program over to the vagaries of the stock market ?
I do continue to begrudgingly respect the consistency , if not the wisdom , of libertarians like Ron Paul who oppose all of this big - government intrusion into the economy .
At least their belief in the efficiency of the free market , affirmed in opposition to the banking bailout , is not compromised by a willingness to throw trillions in taxpayer dollars into backing the riskiest of corporate bets .
But it is not possible to feel anything but loathing for those like Lieberman who vote for every big government program , no matter how wasteful , in support of big business , but draw the line at a program designed to cut medical costs for the ordinary citizens they have been sworn to serve .
Lieberman ’s threat to thwart a vote on sorely needed health care legislation , complete with a public option that a majority of Americans have consistently supported , should spell the end of his connection with the Democratic caucus .
It should also cost him the committee chairmanship he was granted in order to guarantee the 60 votes needed to prevent a filibuster .
But a filibuster , which would expose Lieberman and the others as irresponsible wreckers of essential reform , is not the worst outcome .
The surrender by the Democratic leadership to this blackmail by the party ’s disgraced former vice presidential candidate would be a blow from which the party would not deserve to recover .
Cool Energy , Inc. has announced the completion and operation of its third Stirling Engine platform .
The engine , called the SolarHeart Engine converts low temperature heat into electrical power and will be integrated with evacuated tube solar collectors and a storage tank system for homes and buildings to provide both heat and power .
Optimized for users of heating oil or propane in colder climates ( northern U.S. , Canada and Europe ) , the system will reduce energy bills by as much as 75 % , the company claims .
“ We are excited to have achieved this major technology milestone , ” said Sam Weaver , CEO and president of Cool Energy .
“ After our engineers finished assembly of the engine , it ran upon first activation and generated over 600 watts of electrical power .
In a short time the engine was producing near 1 kW .
Our team will now be using a higher temperature working fluid to simulate a solar application and we expect to generate power in the 1.5 kW range . ”
What a difference six months — and a health - care overhaul proposal — can make !
Just six months ago , the U.S Preventive Services Task Force , which works within the Department of Health and Human Services as a “ best practice ” panel on prevention , sounded a warning signal over a slight decline in annual mammograms among women in their 40s .
In fact , they warned women of this age bracket that they could be risking their lives if they did n’t get the annual preventive exam ( via HA reader Devil ’s Advocate ) :
The downward trend , however slight , has breast cancer experts worried .
Mammograms can enable physicians to diagnose the disease at early stages , often before a lump can be felt .
“ When breast cancer is detected early , it often can be treated before it has a chance to spread in the body and increase the risk of dying from the disease , ” says Katherine Alley , medical director of the breast health program at Suburban Hospital in Bethesda .
The U.S Preventive Services Task Force , an independent panel of experts working under the Department of Health and Human Services , recommends that women older than 40 get a mammogram every one to two years .
The task force finds the test most helpful for women between ages 50 and 69 , for whom it says the evidence is strongest that screening lowers death rates from breast cancer .
Other groups , including the American Medical Association , suggest a more rigorous schedule , saying the test should be done every year ; insurers often pay for annual tests .
But experts say they are seeing gaps beyond two years in many cases .
Carol Lee , chair of the American College of Radiology ’s Breast Imaging Commission and a radiologist at the Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center in New York , says many women understand that they need to have a mammogram but do n’t go back for repeat tests after the first one .
In Bethesda , Alley said she has even heard anecdotal reports of breast cancer survivors forgoing recommended mammograms .
But today , that same panel says … never mind :
“ We ’re not saying women should n’t get screened .
Screening does saves lives , ” said Diana B. Petitti , vice chairman of the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force , which released the recommendations Monday in a paper being published in Tuesday ’s Annals of Internal Medicine .
“ But we are recommending against routine screening .
There are important and serious negatives or harms that need to be considered carefully . ”
Several patient advocacy groups and many breast cancer experts welcomed the new guidelines , saying they represent a growing recognition that more testing , exams and treatment are not always beneficial and , in fact , can harm patients .
Mammograms produce false - positive results in about 10 percent of cases , causing anxiety and often prompting women to undergo unnecessary follow - up tests , sometimes - disfiguring biopsies and unneeded treatment , including surgery , radiation and chemotherapy .
But the American Cancer Society , the American College of Radiology and other experts condemned the change , saying the benefits of routine mammography have been clearly demonstrated and play a key role in reducing the number of mastectomies and the death toll from one of the most common cancers .
“ Tens of thousands of lives are being saved by mammography screening , and these idiots want to do away with it , ” said Daniel B. Kopans , a radiology professor at Harvard Medical School .
“ It ’s crazy — unethical , really . ”
What changed in six months to change the USPSTF from a sky - is - falling hysteric on a 1 % decline in testing to Emily Litella ?
If the administration gets its way , the government will be paying for a lot more of these exams when ObamaCare passes .
That will put a serious strain on resources , especially since many of the providers will look to avoid dealing with government - managed care and its poor compensation rates .
The motivation for HHS will be to cut costs , not to save lives .
The sudden reversal in six months of the USPSTF , especially after it made such a stink over a relatively minor decline in screening , certainly makes it appear that they have other priorities than life - saving in mind here .
One final thought .
Barack Obama predicated his ObamaCare vision on the notion that increased prevention would save costs .
Suddenly , his administration is for decreased screening and prevention .
Could that have anything to do with the CBO scoring on screening ?
And what does that say about how government will make decisions once they control the compensation and care in the US ?
Update : Courtesy of an anonymous reader , here are the members of the US Preventive Services Task Force .
See if you can figure out the one thing they all have in common :
What do they have in common ?
There is n’t a single oncologist among them , at least not as a listed specialty by the USPSTF published roster .
In the debate over who deserves credit for causing the Berlin Wall to collapse on the night of November 9 , 1989 , many names come to mind , both great and small .
There was Günter Schabowski , the muddled East German politburo spokesman , who in a live press conference that evening accidentally announced that the country 's travel restrictions were to be lifted " immediately . "
There was Mikhail Gorbachev , who made it clear that the Soviet Union would not violently suppress people power in its satellite states , as it had decades earlier ...
[ erlang - questions ]
Some facts about Erlang and SMP
Here are some short facts about how the Erlang SMP implementation works and how it relates to performance and scalability .
There will be a more detailed description of how multi core works and on the future plans available in a couple of weeks .
I plan to include some of this in my presentation at the ICFP2008 , Erlang Workshop in Victoria BC , September 27 The Erlang VM without SMP support has 1 scheduler which runs in the main process thread .
The scheduler picks runnable Erlang processes and IO - jobs from the run-queue and there is no need to lock data structures since there is only one thread accessing them .
The Erlang VM with SMP support can have 1 to many schedulers which are run in 1 thread each .
The schedulers pick runnable Erlang processes and IO - jobs from one common run-queue .
In the SMP VM all shared data structures are protected with locks , the run-queue is one example of a data structure protected with locks .
> From OTP R12B the SMP version of the VM is automatically started as default if the OS reports more than 1 CPU ( or Core ) and with the same number of schedulers as CPU 's or Cores .
You can see what was chosen at the first line of printout from the " erl " command .
E.g. Erlang ( BEAM ) emulator version 5.6.4 [ source ] [ smp:4 ] [ asynch - threads : 0 ] .....
The " [ smp : 4 ] " above tells that the SMP VM is run and with 4 schedulers .
The default behaviour can be overridden with the " - smp [ enable|disable|auto ] " auto is default and to set the number of schedulers , if smp is set to enable or auto " + S Number " where Number is the number of schedulers ( 1..1024 ) Note !
that it is normally nothing to gain from running with more schedulers than the number of CPU 's or Cores .
Note2 !
On some operating systems the number of CPU 's or Cores to be used by a process can be restricted with commands .
For example on Linux the command " taskset " can be used for this .
The Erlang VM will currently only detect number of available CPU's or Cores and will not take the mask set by " taskset " into account .
Because of this it can happen and has happened that e.g. only 2 Cores are used even if the Erlang VM runs with 4 schedulers .
It is the OS that limits this because it take the mask from " taskset " into account .
The schedulers in the Erlang VM are run on one OS - thread each and it is the OS that decides if the threads are executed on different Cores .
Normally the OS will do this just fine and will also keep the thread on the same Core throughout the execution .
The Erlang processes will be run by different schedulers because they are picked from a common run-queue by the first scheduler that becomes available .
Performance and scalability
------------------------------------ -
The SMP VM with only one scheduler is slightly slower than the non SMP VM .
The SMP VM need to to use all the locks inside but as long as there are no lock - conflicts the overhead caused by locking is not significant ( it is the lock conflicts that takes time ) .
This explains why it in some cases can be more efficient to run several SMP VM's with one scheduler each instead on one SMP VM with several schedulers .
Of course the running of several VM 's require that the application can run in many parallel tasks which has no or very little communication with each other .
-
If a program scale well with the SMP VM over many cores depends very much on the characteristics of the program , some programs scale linearly up to 8 and even 16 cores while other programs barely scale at all even on 2 cores .
This might sound bad , but in practice many real programs scale well on the number of cores that are common on the market today , see below .
- Real telecoms products supporting a massive number if simultaneously ongoing " calls " represented as one or several Erlang processes per core have shown very good scalability on dual and quad core processors .
Note , that these products was written in the normal Erlang style long before the SMP VM and multi core processors where available and they could benefit from the Erlang SMP VM without changes and even without need to recompile the code .
SMP performance is continually improved
------------------------------------------------------
The SMP implementation is continually improved in order to get better performance and scalability .
In each service release R12B - 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , ... , R13B etc. you will find new optimizations .
Some known bottlenecks
--------------------------------- -
The single common run-queue will become a dominant bottleneck when the number of CPU 's or Cores increase .
Will be visible from 4 cores and upwards , but 4 cores will probably still give ok performance for many applications .
We are working on a solution with one run-queue per scheduler as the most important improvement right now .
- Ets tables involves locking .
Before R12B - 4 there was 2 locks involved in every access to an ets-table , but in R12B - 4 the locking of the meta - table is optimized to reduce the conflicts significantly ( as mentioned earlier it is the conflicts that are expensive ) .
If many Erlang processes access the same table there will be a lot of lock conflicts causing bad performance especially if these processes spend a majority of their work accessing ets - tables .
The locking is on table - level not on record level .
Note ! that this will have impact on Mnesia as well since Mnesia is a heavy user of ets- tables .
...
Our strategy with SMP
-----------------------------
Already from the beginning when we started implementation of the SMP VM we decided on the strategy : " First make it work , then measure , then optimize " .
We are still following this strategy consistently since the first stable working SMP VM that we released in May 2006 ( R11B ) .
There are more known things to improve and we address them one by one taking the one we think gives most performance per implementation effort first and so on .
We are putting most focus on getting consistent better scaling on many cores ( more than 4 ) .
Best in class
-----------------
Even if there are a number of known bottlenecks the SMP system already has good overall performance and scalability and I believe we are best in class when it comes to letting the programmer utilize multi - core machines in an easy productive way .
/ Kenneth Erlang / OTP team , Ericsson
There are implants which are purely aesthetic , and then there 's the Digital Tattoo Interface concept .
It 's a blood - powered electronic interface which is embedded under skin to mimic a tattoo , display videos , or act as a phone or computer .
Advertisement
As great as it seems , this concept is seriously creepy because it powers itself by converting the glucose and oxygen found in blood into electricity .
Though somehow getting your blood sucked by a gadget is worth it for the endless potential applications .
I 'd probably just end up using it to moderate comments , but what would you do first with your implant ?
[ Core77 via Geekologie ]
Advertisement
This week , Gizmodo is exploring the enhanced human future in a segment we call This Cyborg Life .
It 's about what happens when we treat our body less as a sacred object and more as what it is : Nature 's ultimate machine .
Olivia Judson on the influence of science and biology on modern life .
Yesterday , Tuesday , Nov. 24 , was The Big Day : it was exactly 150 years since Charles Darwin ’s “ On the Origin of Species ” was first published .
In this book , Darwin described how evolution by natural selection works — and presented a huge body of evidence , drawn from every field of biology then known , that evolution can account for the patterns we see in nature .
I ’ve written before about what an important book it was and why it mattered so much , so I wo n’t do that again now .
Instead , I want to mark the occasion by looking at the limits of evolutionary potential .
To see what I mean by this , consider the following paradox .
Whenever we do evolution experiments in the laboratory or on the farm , we can cause pronounced
and rapid change in the traits we are interested in — we can evolve bigger horses , smaller dogs , cows that make more milk , viruses that thrive at higher temperatures and so on .
In the laboratory , in other words , evolution has huge potential .
But if it has that much potential — how come organisms keep going extinct in nature ?
In other words , why does evolution keep failing ?
The question matters as never before .
We humans are busily changing the environment for most of the beings on the planet , and often , we are doing so very fast .
To know what effect this will have , we badly need to know how readily different creatures can evolve to deal with changes to their environment .
For if we ’re not careful , many groups will soon be faced with an evolve - by date : if they do n’t evolve rapidly enough to survive in this changing world , they will vanish .
The basis of evolutionary potential is clear enough in principle .
Whether a population can evolve to cope with new circumstances depends on how much underlying genetic variation there is : do any
Associated Press
individuals in the population have the genes to cope , even barely , with the new environment , or not ?
If not , everybody dies , and it ’s game over .
If yes , evolution may come to the rescue , improving , as time goes by , the ability of individuals to cope in the new environment .
What determines the extent of the underlying genetic variation ?
Factors such as how big the population is ( bigger populations usually contain more genetic variation ) and how often mutations occur .
Let me give an example of how this works .
Imagine you have a population of algae that have been living for generations in a comfy freshwater pool .
Now suppose there ’s a ghastly accident and , all of a sudden , the pool becomes super - salty .
Whether the algae will be able to survive depends on whether any individuals already have any capacity to survive and reproduce in salty water .
If none of them do , they all die , and the population goes extinct .
But if some do , then the survivors will reproduce , and over time , beneficial mutations will accumulate such that the algae get better and better at living in a high - salt environment .
This is n’t just hypothetical : many experiments have taken organisms , be they algae , fungi or bacteria , from an environment to which they are well - adapted to one where they are not , and watched what happens .
The result is reliable : at first , they tend not to cope that well ( measured , as usual in evolution , by their ability to survive and reproduce ) .
However , as long as the environment does n’t change again , their coping ability rapidly improves : within a few tens of generations , beneficial mutations appear and spread , and the organisms evolve to become much better at handling their new circumstances .
But here ’s the thing .
A big drawback of experiments of this type is that the initial change the organisms experience is not that severe — it is not , in fact , so severe that no one can cope , and the population goes extinct .
The reason is simple : if the population immediately goes extinct , you have no experiment ( at least , not one you can publish ) .
Which means that we have the illusion that evolution is more powerful than it is : we keep studying evolutionary rescues , not evolutionary failures .
Moreover — and this also has a bearing on the matter — where no previous capacity exists , evolving a brand new trait can be a slow and haphazard affair .
Suppose you put bacteria into test tubes where their usual sugar source is in short supply , but an alternative one — which they ca n’t consume at all — is abundant .
( If you put them with just this alternative source , they would all die of starvation at once . )
Then , you can watch how long it takes for the bacteria to evolve so they can digest the alternative .
The answer , in one famous case , was more than 31,000 generations !
Which just goes to show : just because a particular trait would be useful does not mean that it will soon evolve .
To me , all this is a bit sobering .
If most organisms have to wait 31,000 generations to evolve a useful new trait — they will probably go extinct first .
Worse , many natural populations are shrinking fast , further reducing their evolutionary potential .
In short , we can expect that — if the environment continues to change as rapidly as it is at the moment — many creatures will fail to meet their evolve - by dates .
Notes :
As far as I know , the idea of evolutionary failure was first discussed by Bradshaw , A. D. 1991 .
“ Genostasis and the limits to evolution . ” Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London , Series B 333 : 289-305 .
This paper also contains some good examples of organisms in nature failing to adapt .
The problem of extinction in the context of adaptation has been more recently discussed by Bell , G. and Collins , S. 2008 .
“ Adaptation , extinction and global change . ”
Evolutionary Applications 1 : 3 -16 .
See also , Bell , G. and Gonzalez , A. 2009 .
“ Evolutionary rescue can prevent extinction following environmental change . ”
Ecology Letters 12 : 942-948 .
For a review of experiments in evolution — and for evidence that , for a wide range of organisms , a sudden change in the environment usually results in the pattern I described , see Elena , S. F. and Lenski , R. E. 2003 .
“ Evolution experiments with microorganisms : the dynamics and genetic bases of adaptation . ”
Nature Reviews Genetics 4 : 457-469 .
For bacteria taking more than 31,000 generations to evolve the ability to digest a new source of sugar , see Blount , Z. D. , Borland , C. Z. and Lenski , R. E. 2008 .
“ Historical contingency and the evolution of a key innovation in an experimental population of Escherichia coli . ” Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA 105 : 7899-7906 .
Many thanks to Dan Haydon , Gideon Lichfield and Jonathan Swire for insights , comments and suggestions .
A retail tipster sends word that Walmart will be selling an Xbox 360 Arcade with a $ 100 gift card for $ 199 this Saturday .
Advertisement
The retailer will also be selling a Sony BluRay player for $ 148 , according to our source , who included an image from the retailer 's computer system showing the deals .
Sounds like a great deal or two , though as with all rumors , make sure to take this with a grain of salt until we can get verification or the official news hits on Wednesday .
Education officials have run up a £ 10 m bill for the taxpayer from first - class rail travel over the last three years .
Civil servants bought an estimated 60,000 first - class tickets between 2006 and 2009 .
The scale of the spending – equivalent to just over 300 teachers ' salaries or four new primary schools – provoked anger among opposition MPs and parents ' leaders .
The bill was accumulated by the Department for Children , Schools and Families ( DCSF ) , headed by Ed Balls , and by its predecessor , the Department for Education and Skills .
Parliamentary answers disclose that it spent £ 3.8 m on first - class tickets in 2006 - 07 , followed by £ 3.1 m in 2007 - 08 and £ 3.2 m in 2008 - 09 .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Diana Johnson , a schools minister , said that senior staff were entitled to travel first - class and were advised " if they need to work on the train then there may be occasions when first class travel will be less busy and noisy than standard class " .
But David Laws , the Liberal Democrat education spokesman , said : " Ed Balls has warned he will slash the schools budget and lay off headteachers to do so , yet he is wasting millions on allowing his department 's bureaucrats to travel first - class .
" This money should be making a real difference in our schools .
Ed Balls needs to get a grip on his department . "
Margaret Morrissey of the parents ' pressure group Parents Outloud said : " I know there are reasons why civil servants would have to travel – but why would they need to go first - class ?
It 's absolutely ridiculous .
" If they spend so much time on the train , that may be the reason why they take so much time to answer a query .
It can take two months to get an acknowledgement for a letter and another two months for a reply . "
One of the reasons for the high cost is said to be because its offices are spread around the country with staff in Darlington , Runcorn and Sheffield often being called to London for meetings .
John Dunford , the general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders , which represents secondary headteachers , said : " Surely they could do a lot more of their business by telephone conferencing ? "
A DCSF spokesman said the department saved cash , and created jobs , by having several locations outside London .
" This multi-site operation does present some logistical challenges , meaning staff occasionally have to travel down to London and back from the regional offices .
" However , every effort is made to ensure that meetings can be done via video phone where possible to save time and money .
Most journeys are in standard class . "
You stand atop an elevated tee box on the first and only hole of the world ’s most dangerous golf course .
And you consider your chances .
This deadly little par 3 measures 192 yards but plays more like 250 in the face of the vicious winds that often blow out of North Korea across an exclusive piece of real estate called the DMZ just a few yards away .
Underneath your feet and off to the right are bunkers .
The military kind .
To the left , over an 18 - foot - high security fence topped by concertina wire , are hazards that make high rough , deep water and dense woods seem like child ’s play .
Advertisement
Try countless unexploded mines -- the very definition of out - of - bounds .
One herky - jerky backswing , one snap hook yanked out of your bag at the wrong moment and . . . ba-boom !
A sign nearby drives the point home : “ Danger .
Do not retrieve balls from the rough .
Live mine fields . ”
“ Oh , dear Lord , ” moans one of your two playing partners , Army Sgt. Mikel Thurman .
“ You know what would make this play easier ?
Let ’s go get the keys and open the bar . ”
The course is called Camp Bonifas .
It ’s named in honor of Capt .
Arthur Bonifas , who was axed to death by North Korean soldiers in 1976 during a disagreement over a tree - pruning project along the DMZ , or demilitarized zone .
Advertisement
Built four years earlier , in 1972 , the course provides a much - needed emotional outlet for the 50 U.S. soldiers stationed here at a lonely outpost without theaters or restaurants .
There ’s no night life , unless you count listening to the taunts of the North Korean soldiers stationed just within earshot .
“ It ’s like a Zen garden where we hit little white balls , ” says Thurman , 41 , an Army brat who was born in Seoul .
When they built the course , commanders figured that if they could n’t fit in all 18 holes in the compact camp , they ’d compensate by making it difficult .
They ’d match their skills against one tough little customer they would n’t soon forget .
The result is a layout that slices through dense rows of trees , along a fairway that ’s a mere 40 yards wide .
Forget about playing an iron here .
This is all wood , baby .
Give it your best shot .
Advertisement
“ Most golf holes would get boring if you played them again and again , ” says Sgt. James Meisenheimer , a 23 - year - old Kansas City native .
“ This one does n’t . ”
For years , when more than 700 Americans were stationed here , the course was kept in pristine condition , the fairway and green mowed almost daily .
( On a U.S. Army base , labor is cheap . )
But as the number of men dwindled along with military budgets , the Camp Bonifas tract fell on hard times .
The killer course became a cow pasture .
Not long ago , the hardy hackers here decided to do something about that .
They gave their course a face - lift , brought in a construction crew to fix the fairway and clean up the two sand traps .
They shipped in a riding lawn mower from the States and installed Astroturf on the tee box and green , giving each a greased - lightning tabletop - hard roll like Augusta on a Sunday afternoon .
Advertisement
The soldiers say they ’re not done yet .
“ We ’re hoping Tiger Woods will come play here and we ’ll get the money to do a better job , ” says Command Sgt. Maj .
Andres Ortiz .
Maybe he can do what no one else has done : hit a hole - in - one .
Just hitting par is rare .
And nobody goes looking for lost balls .
Over the years , the course has developed its own mystique .
Play alone here and you ’ll see .
Weird things happen .
Advertisement
“ You see animals , ” Thurman says .
Like wild boars , Korean tigers and so - called vampire deer .
And even something weirder .
“ Some guys say they ’ve seen this thing , a man - bear - pig , ” Thurman says without smiling .
“ That ’s what they say . ”
Advertisement
You play two shots off the tee , just like your playing partners .
You ’re without golf shoes , a glove , your own clubs .
It ’s vagabond golf , but you do n’t feel out of place .
There ’s no attitude here at Camp Bonifas .
Meisenheimer , a tough but polite kid who ’s spent 15 months in Afghanistan and will become a Green Beret in another year , plays his rounds U.S. Army - style : in combat boots and fatigues .
Some guys carry their military side arms , giving new meaning to playing a “ round ” of golf .
You hit your driver , spraying your first shot right into the trees .
It ’s a lousy start , but safely away from the minefield .
The second is spanked straight up the middle of the chute , coming to rest just short of the green in one of the traps .
Advertisement
Thurman is a golf beginner , inspired to take up the game after helping to give the course a face - lift .
He whiffs , gets nervous , asks for advice and dribbles a shot off the tee .
Meisenheimer , who has played for 10 years , has a knack for the game .
His shots fly straight and true .
All playing out of the same bag , you walk up the narrow fairway with your partners and play your shots , crunching over brittle pine needles , passing tables set up for paintball competitions
The ground is a brindle brown , contrasted by the cartoonish lime coloring of the tee box and green .
None of it matters .
This is n’t pretty golf .
It ’s Bonifas golf .
Advertisement
The green is a real piece of work .
A recent monsoon flooded the ground underneath .
Now the big sheet of Astroturf does n’t sit right and covers half the cup , which is made from an old piece of PVC pipe that sticks out of the ground , repelling balls .
Thurman whacks a putt .
“ That ’s not gonna stop , ” Meisenheimer says as the ball rolls off the green .
You ’re not paying attention .
You ’re looking out past the concertina and wondering how many explosives are buried in that field .
When it ’s over , when the scores are tallied , you record a 3 and a 6 -- a par with one ball , and a triple bogey with the other .
Advertisement
“ Good game , ” Meisenheimer says .
“ You did real well . ”
Here at the world ’s most dangerous golf course , you figure you did even better .
You took a good walk , unspoiled by penalty strokes and land mines .
--
Advertisement
john.glionna@latimes.com
I said in the last post that I 'd write a bit about adding a new machine instruction to the factor compiler once I 'd got round to actually doing it , so here it is :
If you 've been following my blog you 'll know that I wanted to utilise multiple cpu cores for a personal database project .
Unfortunately Factor does n't have an os - threaded runtime yet and so in order to work around this I modified the factor vm code to allow multiple vms to run simultaneously on separate threads .
I 'm now writing a concurrent queue so that messages can be passed internally between the running vms .
To implement my queue I wanted some fast atomic primitives so I set about adding a Compare - and - swap ( CAS ) instruction to Factor 's compiler .
To implement CAS on x86 you basically need the CMPXCHG and LOCK instructions , so my first job was to get these added to Factor 's x86 assembler DSL .
I located the machine - code opcodes in the intel manuals and added the CMPXCHG and LOCK instructions to the x86 assembler vocabulary thus :
basis/cpu/x86/assembler/assembler.factor : : CMPXCHG ( dst src -- ) { HEX : 0f HEX : B1 } 2 - operand ; : LOCK ( -- )
HEX : f0 , ;
With the new x86 instructions in place I was all set to add a new low - level IR ' virtual ' instruction to factor 's compiler .
There are basically 3 steps to this :
Declare the new low - level IR instruction along with the number and types of registers it requires
Tell the code generator where to dispatch the calls to generate the ' real ' cpu machine code for the instruction Write methods that emit both X86 and PPC versions of the machine code for the instruction .
I ’ll explain each step below :
Step one : Declaring the new instruction
Thanks to the recent addition of a low - level instruction DSL , adding a new instruction to the compiler backend is just a case of declaring the instruction name and the argument registers it requires :
basis / compiler/cfg/instructions/instructions.factor : INSN : ##atomic - compare - exchange def : dst / int - rep use : ptr/int - rep old / int - rep new / int - rep temp : temp/int-rep ;
##atomic - compare - exchange is my new virtual CAS instruction that receives 3 input arguments : a pointer to a word in memory , an expected ' old ' value and a new value .
The implementation of # #atomic - compare - exchange will do the following : compare the value pointed to by the ptr register to the value in old and if it 's equal replace it with the value in new , otherwise leaves it as it is .
Finally , put the resulting value in the destination register dst .
In case you have n't guessed , this is pretty much exactly what CMPXCHG does on x86 .
At compile time Factor 's register allocator allocates the real ( e.g. x86 ) cpu registers and passes them to our code generator .
Unfortunately as an added complication in this particular case the x86 instruction CMPXCHG uses the EAX / RAX register as an implicit argument , and unfortunately Factor 's code generation does n't support tying particular cpu registers to parameters yet ( though Slava assures me it will soon ) .
To work around this I 'm asking the compiler to pass me an extra ' temp ' register so we can use this if any of the others happens to be EAX / RAX .
With the low - level instruction declared I now want to get some interactive testing going , so I write a high level word called ' compare - swap ' and a compiler intrinsic which uses the ##atomic - compare - exchange instruction .
( See the previous post for an overview of factor compiler intrinsics ) .
The point of this is that we can dump out and check the low level IR instructions emitted by the compiler .
Here 's the compare - swap word and compiler intrinsic :
: compare - swap ( ptr old new -- ? ) 2 drop " compare - swap needs to be compiled " throw ; : emit - compare - swap ( node -- ) drop 3inputs ^^atomic - compare - exchange ds - push ; \ compare - swap [ emit - compare - swap ] " intrinsic " set- word - prop
Now we can use the ' test - mr . ' debugger word to see the new instruction in action .
We 'll just pass in a bunch of junk arguments for now so we can see what the low - level MR instructions look like in context :
( scratchpad ) USE : compiler.cfg.debugger ( scratchpad ) [ ALIEN : 20 1 2 compare - swap ] test-mr .
=== word : ( gensym ) , label : ( gensym ) _label 0 _label 1 ##load - reference RAX ALIEN : 20 ##load - immediate RCX 8 !
1 << 3 ##load - immediate RDX 16 ! 2 << 3 ##atomic - compare - exchange RAX RAX RCX RDX RBX !
Oops !
- RAX allocated as a register # #inc-d 1 # #replace RAX D 0 _label 2 # #return _spill - area - size 0
In this example you can see that the register allocator has allocated RAX as both the destination register and one of the input registers , so our X86 implementation of # #atomic - compare - exchange will need to work around that .
Step two : Wiring up the code generator
Ok , now that we have low level IR working the next step is to tell the compiler how to generate the real cpu machine - code for the new instruction .
There 's a convention that all machine code emitting words start with a ' % ' so I 'm going to create a generic word % atomic - compare - exchange with method implementations for each CPU .
Here 's the generic word declaration :
/ basis/cpu/architecture/architecture.factor : HOOK : % atomic - compare - exchange cpu ( dst cptr old new temp -- )
N.B. Factor has a generic dispatch mechanism called ' HOOK : ' which dispatches polymorphically based on the value of a variable at compile time .
In this case it 's the cpu variable which is set to a singleton representing the target architecture ( x86.32 , x86.64 , ppc ) , so essentially this generic word is polymophic based on CPU architecture .
Now I tell the compiler to used this generic word for code generation using the CODEGEN : DSL word .
( again , see Slava 's post on the new compiler DSL words ) :
/ basis/compiler/codegen/codegen.factor : CODEGEN : ##atomic - compare - exchange %atomic - compare - exchange
Step three : Doing the x86 code generation
All that 's left now is to implement % atomic - compare - exchange for our cpu architectures .
Below is my method implementation for x86 .
To make the example more straightforward I 've omitted the code that works around the implicit EAX / RAX register , which I abstracted into a ' with - protected - accumulator ' combinator .
/ basis/cpu/x86/x86.factor : :: ( % atomic - compare - exchange ) ( dst cptr old new -- ) accumulator - reg old MOV LOCK cptr [ ] new CMPXCHG dst accumulator - reg MOV ; !
CMPXCHG implicitly uses EAX / RAX ( accumulator ) so need to remove !
EAX from arguments and protect it from being stomped M : x86 % atomic - compare - exchange ( dst cptr old new temp -- ) [ ( %atomic - compare - exchange ) ] with - protected - accumulator ;
The ( %atomic - compare - exchange ) word contains the actual machine code generation :
You can see I simply output 4 lines of assembler using the factor x86 assembler DSL and the registers passed to me by the compiler .
( N.B. ' accumulator - reg ' is my helper word that returns EAX or RAX depending on whether the arch is 32 or 64 bit )
Now that the x86 implementation is written we can check the output machine code with the disassemble word ( which uses either the Udis86 library or GDB under the hood to do the disassembling ) :
( scratchpad ) [ ALIEN : 20 1 2 compare - swap ] disassemble 00007f85690413a0 : 48b8fe3ac566857f0000 mov rax , 0x7f8566c53afe 00007f85690413aa : 48b90800000000000000 mov rcx , 0x8 00007f85690413b4 : 48ba1000000000000000 mov rdx , 0x10 00007f85690413be : 4889c3 mov rbx , rax 00007f85690413c1 : 4889c8 mov rax , rcx 00007f85690413c4 : f0480 fb113 lock cmpxchg [ rbx ] , rdx 00007f85690413c9 : 4889c0 mov rax , rax 00007f85690413cc : 4983c608 add r14 , 0x8 00007f85690413d0 : 498906 mov [ r 14 ] , rax 00007f85690413d3 : c3 ret
The disassembler output verifies that the cmpxchg instruction is being compiled correctly .
You can also see that I 'm doing some juggling with the rax register to manage using it as an implicit argument to cmpxchg .
Hopefully that gives a good overview of how to get new low - level instructions added to Factor 's compiler , and also illustrates how machine - code generation works in Factor .
Ed Husain of the anti-extremism group Quilliam and Shami Chakrabati of Liberty on how the community engagement scheme is being used to gather personal information guardian .
co.uk
The government programme aimed at preventing Muslims from being lured into violent extremism is being used to gather intelligence about innocent people who are not suspected of involvement in terrorism , the Guardian has learned .
The information the authorities are trying to find out includes political and religious views , information on mental health , sexual activity and associates , and other sensitive information , according to documents seen by the Guardian .
Other documents reveal that the intelligence and information can be stored until the people concerned reach the age of 100 .
Tonight Shami Chakrabarti , director of Liberty , branded it the biggest spying programme in Britain in modern times and an affront to civil liberties .
The intelligence is being gathered as part of the strategy Preventing Violent Extremism – Prevent for short .
It was launched three years ago to stop people being lured to al - Qaida ideology and committing acts of terrorism .
The government and police have repeatedly denied that the £ 140 m programme is a cover for spying on Muslims in Britain .
But sources directly involved in running Prevent schemes say it involves gathering intelligence about the thoughts and beliefs of Muslims who are not involved in criminal activity .
Instances around the country include :
• In the Midlands , funding for a mental health project to help Muslims was linked to information about individuals being passed to the authorities .
• In a college in northern England , a student who attended a meeting about Gaza was reported by one lecturer as a potential extremist .
He was found not to be .
• A nine - year - old schoolboy in east London , who was referred to the authorities after allegedly showing signs of extremism – the youngest case known in Britain .
He was " deprogrammed " according to a source with knowledge of the case .
• Within the last month , one new youth project in London alleged it was being pressured by the Metropolitan police to provide names and details of Muslim youngsters , as a condition of funding .
None of the young Muslims have any known terrorist history .
• In one London borough , those working with youngsters were told to add information to databases they hold to highlight which youths were Muslim .
They were also asked to provide information , to be shared with the police , about which streets and areas Muslim youngsters could be found on .
• In Birmingham the programme manager for Prevent is in fact a senior counter - terrorism police officer .
Paul Marriott has been seconded to work in the equalities division of Britain 's biggest council .
• In Blackburn , at least 80 people were reported to the authorities for showing signs of extremism .
They were referred to the Channel project , part of Prevent .
• A youth project manager alleges his refusal to provide intelligence led to the police spreading false rumours and trying to smear him and his organisation .
• One manager of a project in London said : " I think part of the point of the [ Prevent ] programme is to spy and intelligence gather .
I wo n't do that . "
In another London borough wardens on council estates were told to inform on people not whom they suspected of crimes , but whom they suspected could be susceptible to radicalisation .
One source , who has been involved in Whitehall discussions on counter - terrorism , said : " There is no doubt Prevent is in part about gathering intelligence on people 's thoughts and beliefs .
No doubt . "
He added that the authorities feared " they'd be lynched " if they admitted Prevent included spying .
Ed Husain , of the Quilliam Foundation , who has advised both Labour and the Conservatives on extremism , said : " It is gathering intelligence on people not committing terrorist offences . "
Husain , whose group receives £ 700,000 in Prevent funding , believes it is morally right to give law enforcement agencies the best chance of stopping terrorists before they strike .
Serious concerns that the Prevent programme is being used at least in part to " spy " on Muslims have been voiced not just by Islamic groups , but youth workers , teachers and others .
Some involved in the programme have told the Guardian of their fears that they are being co-opted into spying .
They did not want to be named , fearing they would lose their job .
Some groups have refused its funding .
In several areas the provision of funding is explicitly linked to agreeing to sharing of information , or intelligence , with agencies including law enforcement .
Traditionally in Britain intelligence is gathered by the police and security services .
Prevent is trying to turn community , religious and voluntary groups into information or intelligence providers .
Prevent is run by the Office for Security and Counter Terrorism , part of the Home Office .
It is widely regarded in Whitehall as being an intelligence agency .
The OSCT is headed up by Charles Farr , a former senior intelligence officer , with expertise in covert work .
Also senior in the OSCT is another former senior intelligence officer .
The Guardian has been asked not to name him for security reasons .
Chakrabarti said she was horrified by the revelations .
" It is the biggest domestic spying programme targeting the thoughts and beliefs of the innocent in Britain in modern times , " she said .
" It is information - gathering directed at the innocent and the spying is directed at people because of their religion , and not because of their behaviour . "
The Home Office said : " Any suggestion that Prevent is about spying is simply wrong .
Prevent is about working with communities to protect vulnerable individuals and address the root causes of radicalisation . "
The idea that Kimi Raikkonen agreed to leave Ferrari without knowing his next destination in F1 seems to be a little hard to believe .
The Finn will , of course , be paid handsomely by Ferrari for having agreed to give up the final year of his contract at Maranello , but he will also have wanted another deal in place before cutting loose .
Thus it is safe to assume that Kimi ’s ducks were all in a row before the Ferrari announcement came .
Raikkonen is a super talent but his motivation has often been questioned since he won the title in 2007 .
This is the root cause of his departure from Ferrari no matter how it is dressed up .
The word has long been that Kimi is going to go back to McLaren where things are very different these days and he will not have to deal with Ron Dennis , the two having had a rather prickly relationship when he was previously with the Woking team .
Others who were being mentioned as possible McLaren drivers : Nico Rosberg and current incumbent Heikki Kovalainen have clearly given up on the idea , with Rosberg expected to be confirmed at Brawn GP when the season is over and Kovalainen hoping for a chance with either Renault or Toyota .
Suggestions that Raikkonen will go to Toyota or to Red Bull Racing seem to be nothing more than page - filling on the Internet , or wishful thinking on the part of the teams in question .
There is no reason to think that he would be interested in Toyota as the team has yet to prove it is a winner , despite having spent inordinate amounts of money .
Red Bull Racing has two drivers under contract for 2010 .
The team is hoping to have Mercedes - Benz engines next year , but there is a lot now getting in the way of that deal , not least McLaren which is blocking the arrangement , as it has the right to do in its contracts with Mercedes - Benz .
The McLaren - Mercedes relationship is obviously strained and heading for a divorce , probably at the end of next year or in 2011 and so there is really no reason why McLaren would agree to letting Red Bull have the engines , particularly if Red Bull was trying to sneak off with Raikkonen as well .
McLaren helped out Brawn GP last winter and is now paying the price for that largesse as Stuttgart has fallen head over heels in love with Brawn , has proposed marriage and has been accepted .
Brawn GP will soon be painted silver .
It does not help that the FIA is now arguing that no engine manufacturer be allowed to supply more than three teams ( Cosworth excepted ) because engine supply divided up between Ferrari , Renault and Mercedes might be considered a cartel under European law .
This is a very poor argument , but it is clear that the FIA is worried about three manufacturers having total control of F1 engine supply and thus being in a position to create a DTM - style championship .
This explains the federation ’s love affair with Cosworth .
The idea that Red Bull Racing will pay off Mark Webber in order to get Raikkonen sounds unlikely .
Contracts exist with Webber ( or at least that is what has been announced ) and if he does not want to leave the team , he does not have to .
Red Bull can throw money at him , but with many of the drivers these days , money is not the issue .
They have enough for the rest of their lives and their chief goal is to be in the right car as this will bring results and ultimately money as well .
Thus buying a driver out of his contract is not really a solution , unless the driver is more interested in money than in performance , in which case his career is probably on a downward path .
This may be true with Raikkonen , but Webber ’s career is still moving in an upward path .
His recent races have been rather poor but he is fourth in the World Championship and is quite capable of bouncing back as Sebastian Vettel did after his midseason slump .
The team would obviously prefer him to try to help Vettel in the last two races but the German ’s title hopes are remote at best .
There are a maximum of 20 points available from the last two races and Vettel need 17 to win the title , with Button failing to score .
Given that Jenson has scored in every race he has finished this year ( 15 out of the 16 Grands Prix ) and retired only once , there is little statistical chance for Vettel .
He could win both the final races easily enough but Button needs only four points to see off that challenge .
So What Is The Story With Dante 's Inferno ?
by David ' Hades ' Becker [ Monday , 16th of November 2009 - 11:32 PM ]
Well our friends over at GameTrailers , and in turn EA and Visceral , have put together a nice little short clip of why Dante is going to Hell .
It also shows off a bit of the game as well as some pretty cool quotes from literature to mix it all well .
They also look to be going the Square Enix way of cut scenes , the full motion video over using the in game graphics .
Something I have been longing to make a come back .
Take a look at how this " love " story is going to get it 's start and a bit more of what we have to look forward too when EA sends us to hell on February 9th .
Just a few days before the day of love too .
Modern Medicine is a wondrous thing .
Despite the heated national debate on how to fix the healthcare system , it ’s painfully apparent that America is one of the most medically advanced nations on earth .
Our Doctors and surgeons can swap organs like alternators in a 1976 Pinto .
Less than 40 years ago a torn MCL or ACL was a career ending injury for an athlete , now the guy can be back in uniform and on the field before the end of the season .
A hundred years ago , if you broke your leg , you were pretty much crippled for life , now it ’s no big thing .
But is that enough for the Brilliant Doctors and researchers of The good ole US of A? Nope .
So what was next on their list ?
Cancer ?
Too Easy .
AIDS , naaah , we ’ll save that one for the 2020s .
So what did the Medical Establishment set their sites on next ?
Broke - pecker - itis .
This horrible affliction effects millions of old guys and otherwise healthy men married to soul crushing harpies .
And they did !
THEY CURED Broke - pecker - itis !
Your wife a detestable shrew ?
Take this pill and you can convince her you ’re still attracted to her !
Ain’t had had a stiffy since the seventies ?
Here , take this , and have a crash cart handy for the missus !
Just one problem .
How can we tell the the masses ?
We ’re Doctors , not Ad-men .
Hey wait a second ….. why do n’t we hire advertising agencies !
Then things went horribly wrong .
5 Viva Viagra
A bunch of guys past their prime start a garage band to recapture their misspent youth …. and sing about their chemically enhanced wangs .
Just plain wrong .
4 Side Effects may include homosexuality
Seriously , WTF was that ?
Did he take too much and had to dance to work to hide the raging hard - on he was still packing ?
But it only get ’s worse .
3 Barry White and The Robot ?
Barry
White must be spinning in his grave .
Older shlubby guy , and a much younger , much hotter ‘ wife ’ figure .
Then these two decide to start on the foreplay while doing the dishes …with their daughter ( God , I hope she was the daughter , and they were n’t Mormons . ) in the next room .
Then the Shlubby guy breaks out the robot .
Has that ever gotten ANYONE laid ?
2 Appropriate workplace conversation ?
Yeah , you got laid .
And you ’re also getting fired .
And sued for sexual harassment .
Then probably divorced .
Dumbass .
1 Malfunctioning Johnson : maybe not his biggest problem
Sure , Everyone has talked to their reflection at one point in time .
But when your reflection starts talking back , your dong not working is the least of your worries , and you should be seeing a different kind of doctor .
Mentally unstable middle - aged guy running around with an pharmaceutically improved erection ?
They write horror movies about that kinda stuff .
Matter of fact … I think I ’m going to start on a screenplay right now …
Article by Mike Jordan
Those arrested are a cross-section of Americans hurt by our broken healthcare system .
A social worker , tired of watching her clients suffer .
Cindy Young , health policy director of the California School Employees Association , who is tired of watching full - time school employees and other union members depend on free clinics for care .
A senior leader , a retiree , a progressive activist .
They do n't have a seat at the table alongside the insurance industry , but they should .
These activsts are learning what the stars of Michael Moore 's SiCKO report in the following video : their problems will not be addressed by this bill .
These are the people that the House leadership lied to when they claimed , earlier this year , that they would allow a vote on the Kucinich amendment — so that right - wing , red- state Democrats do n’t veto California ’s move to healthcare justice .
These are the people tired of watching their loved ones suffer because their claims for healthcare were denied , or were approved , only to go bankrupt with co-pays .
These are the people who have made calls and helped build the coalition in California to pass SB 840 , the state ’s single - payer bill , which has twice been sent by the legislature to Gov.
Schwarzenegger , only to meet with his veto .
Arnold will be gone next year , but the federal roadblocks to putting single - payer into place in the states will remain .
And the roadblocks will remain in the other states that will seriously consider single - payer reforms ... Maine and Pennsylvania being at the top of that list .
Hundreds of calls have been flooding the offices of House leaders in support of two amendments , cited in this e-mail alert today from Floridians for Health Care :
It 's not too late to call !
The managers ' amendment that can put the Kucinich amendment back into the legislation has not been released .
Members of Congress have received many phone calls .
The push for single payer is working .
Please keep it up and call now !
Take the two following steps : Keep the Kucinich amendment in HR 3269 !
The Kucinich amendment makes changes to ERISA law that make it possible for states to pass single payer and not have it challenged on the basis of ERISA .
Keep the promise and let the Weiner amendment come to the floor of the house for a debate and vote .
See the video of this at : http://www.youtube.com/...
This will be the first time that single payer has come to a vote in the House .
It is historic and we do n't want to lose this opportunity .
Call :
Speaker Pelosi at 202-225-4965
Majority Leader Hoyer at 202-225-4131
Chairman Waxman at 202-225-3976
I ’ll leave you with the words of Robert Kuttner , who argues that this “ industry - sponsored ” healthcare will be at best a wash politically for the President , and the Democrats — not the defining victory it could have been .
It takes a huge leap of faith to believe that this measure is a good incremental strategy to achieve secure health care for Americans and a more just and efficient allocation of health resources .
The long - term struggle for health reform does n't end with this bill .
In the next round , Harry and Louise should accurately be identified as the problem , not the partners .
He ’s right .
The long - term struggle for health reform is only beginning — irrespective of what happens with this bill .
UPDATE : Here 's the San Francisco Chronicle report on the protest
Reality TV encourages and rewards vulgar , selfish , antisocial , pissy - pants behavior .
Ever since “ Puck ” put MTV ’s Real World on the map with his nose - picking , homophobic , rebel - without - a- clue posturings and earned notoriety as the first contestant to be evicted from the premises , self - centered jerkhood has put reality ’s lab rats on the publicity fast track .
On Bravo ’s Shear Genius , Tabatha Coffey , doing a sawed - off version of Cruella De Vil , gloated with nasty delight after being eliminated from the show in a team challenge , because she was able to take a despised rival down with her ; she exuded such Schadenfreude that she made losing look like sweet victory , a sacrifice worth making to louse up someone else ’s chances .
And what was the fallout from her unsporting , cold - dish behavior ?
Why , she received her own Bravo show — Tabatha ’s Salon Takeover , where she got to be a bossy boots , bestowing her bad attitude on the less fortunate .
TLC ’s Jon & Kate plus
Eight was a popular , wholesome family favorite , but it was a tacky act of alleged infidelity that turned the marital split of Jon and Kate Gosselin into a nova express , their uncivil war splashed across checkout - magazine covers as America took sides , choosing between Jon , the philandering dope with the dazed expression , and Kate , the castrator with the choppy Posh Spice hair .
We are now stuck with them for the foreseeable future , just as we are saddled with MTV’s The Hills ’ Spencer Pratt , who has just brought out a book — which is probably one more than he ’s ever actually read — in which he caddishly boasts about his bastardly behavior toward Lauren Conrad , exulting in the wet hisses he and his wife , Heidi Montag , receive as America ’s least - admired bobbleheads .
From the New York Daily News : “ He brags in the book that he made a point of telling every blog around that a sex tape of nemesis [ and former Hills star ] Lauren Conrad existed .
Why ?
Because he could .
He … says he would n’t have personally attacked Conrad had she not been so darn nasty to his then - girlfriend Montag . ”
He ’s now thumping his chest in triumph at having helped drive Conrad off the show .
“ ‘ If I were n’t me , I ’d hate me , ’ he announces . ” I hate him and I ’ve never even seen The Hills , which only testifies to Reality TV ’s phenomenal outreach , its ability to annoy even the uninitiated .
The ego maneuvers of a Tabatha or Spencer are minor - league Machiavelli compared with the latest scar on Reality TV ’s record — the savage murder of former bikini model Jasmine Fiore , whose mutilated body was jammed into a trunk and discovered in a Dumpster .
The chief suspect was her former husband , a reality star named Ryan Alexander Jenkins , whose paltry claim to fame was his having been a contestant on the VH1 reality show Megan Wants a Millionaire , that ample contribution to humanity .
( The Megan in want of a millionaire is Megan Hauserman , a graduate of VH1 ’s Rock of Love : Charm School , who aspires to the title of “ trophy wife . ” )
“ The case cast an unsettling light on the casting practices of reality television , in particular the sometimes tawdry shows broadcast by VH1 , ” reported Brian Stelter , in a New York Times story headlined , with a delicate understatement bordering on self - parody , killing raises new reality tv concerns .
Proper vetting would have revealed that Jenkins had been previously convicted of assault against a woman and would perhaps have disqualified him from appearing on Megan Wants a Millionaire and I Love Money 3 ( also VH1 ) .
Nine days after Fiore ’s disappearance , Jenkins was found hanging dead in a motel room , his suicide completing the circle of misery , brutality , and fame - grubbing futility .
In his final caper novel , Get Real , the late Donald Westlake had his woebegone protagonist Dortmunder and his gang cast in a Reality TV series that would have them plotting and executing a heist as a camera crew tagged along , borderline accomplices in crime .
An ingenious story line , but Get Real may have been outdone and then some by the Brazilian series Canal Livre , whose host , Wallace Souza , is alleged to have commissioned a fistful of murders to bump off rivals in the drug trade and to ensure that his cameras would be the first on the scene for the buzzard feast ( arriving so promptly that gun smoke was still streaming from one victim ’s body ) .
Ordering a hit and then dining out on the corpse — talk about controlling supply and demand at both ends !
Reality TV gives voyeurism a dirty name .
For film directors from Alfred Hitchcock to Andy Warhol to Brian De Palma to Sam Peckinpah ( whose last film , The Osterman Weekend , was set in a house rigged with closed - circuit TV ) to Michael Haneke ( Caché ) , voyeurism has been one of the great self - reflexive themes in postwar cinema , James Stewart with his zoom lens in Rear Window being the primary stand - in for us , the audience , spying at life through a long - range gaze .
In thrillers , the idle viewer becomes implicated , ensnared , in the drama unfolding and discovers that voyeurism is a two - way mirror : Raymond Burr , the watched , glares across the courtyard and meets Stewart ’s binocular gaze — contact .
In the voyeurism of Reality TV , the viewer ’s passivity is kept intact , pampered and massaged and force - fed Chicken McNuggets of carefully edited snippets that permit him or her to sit in easy judgment and feel superior at watching familiar strangers make fools of themselves .
Reality TV looks in only one direction : down .
James Wolcott is a Vanity Fair contributing editor .
Paul Armentano has an exciting summary of various marijuana reform legislation , initiatives , etc. that are moving forward around the country .
Meanwhile , The Washington Post had a report Monday entitled Support for legalizing marijuana grows rapidly around U.S. , celebrating the issue 's forward momentum in terms of public opinion and political victories .
Looking around the room , it seems we 've moved beyond the question of whether marijuana reform is possible , and everyone seems to be asking instead when the breakthrough will occur or what form it will take .
And no , I do n't think there 's anything misplaced or unhealthy about this sudden sense of inevitability .
Time has always been on our side and optimism is a very necessary virtue in the fight for social and political change .
A wise colleague ( I think it was this guy ) recently suggested to me that we should stop introducing our arguments with phrases like " if marijuana were legal … " and instead say , " when marijuana is legal … " and he 's exactly right .
One of our greatest obstacles has always been a widespread lack of faith that our politicians and fellow citizens would ever stand with us in great enough numbers to create a mandate for reform .
That simple assumption stops untold numbers of potentially great activists dead in their tracks before they ever sign up for an email list , send a letter to the editor , or make a small donation .
It also helps explain why the press spent decades fueling anti-drug hysteria and investing in the drug war doctrine , even after the case for reform had begun to bubble beneath the surface .
Yet , the instant that spell is broken , you get the opposite result .
People you 'd never heard of prior to this year are leading legalization efforts in California .
Journalists you 've known for decades are speaking out about drug policy reform for the first time in their careers .
And the leaders of the drug war army are experimenting with new language to replace the failed propaganda that so profoundly discredited their predecessors .
So those who have a problem with legalizing marijuana should really consider doing everyone ( including themselves ) a favor and refrain from spending the next several years trying in vain to prevent this from taking place .
It 's going to happen one way or the other and it's going to work , because we 're all going to make sure it works .
Ten years after marijuana legalization takes hold in America , almost everyone will agree that it's an improvement , and those who most vigorously opposed it will probably deny ever having done so .
Evgeni Malkin at practice
: Welcome to the program .
The first Russian Radio
Show is proud to have our first guest , a very famous guest ... : Keep talking George . : I wanted to take the time right now to list all the awards that he 's won . :
You can make some up if you 'd like . :
Yes , I think I 'll add some .
He started in the NHL in 2006 , the same year he won the Calder Trophy .
He 's won the Art Ross Trophy , Conn Smythe Trophy .
He 's won the Stanley Cup ! :
Well , that 's the most important one . :
Yes , the most important . :
When do I get my applause ? :
He was a part of the All - Star Game .
For two years he was the best player for the Pittsburgh Penguins , a two - time bronze winner of the World Championships …
Evgeni Malkin : Applause : Louder , louder ! :
I think the best part is that … :
Is that I 'm the best looking ? :
Well , that 's a given .
You 're the best looking in Pittsburgh .
( The best part is ) that all your fans all over the world are able to listen to you right now . :
Is the show already over ?
Am I supposed to say bye now ?
Until next time ?
I wanted to wish everyone the best health because right now it seems like health is a big issue .
To all my fans , thank you for your constant support .
And I 'm really happy to have you . :
Geno , this is the first episode . :
No , no , my first assist was in 2006 on the ice ( Note : peredacha means both episode and assist in Russian ) . :
First episode of NHL in Russian , the radio show .
What do you think about this show ?
What 's your opinion ? :
Well , I think this is a great idea first off .
I know I have a lot of friends and fans that live in Moscow and other cities that are interested in the game of hockey and the NHL overall , and it would be interesting for them to listen to the show whether it be in their car or wherever , to hear news about games or their favorite players , Ovechkin or Kovalchuk .
And I 'm really happy to be a part of the this show and I 'd like to continue to be a part of it if you 'll invite me again .
Of course . :
We 'll have you for every show . :
How often does this come out again ? : ( laughing ) Everyday ! : Everyday ?
And every day there will be different players ? :
Yes , we 'll have many guests .
Actually , our second guest will be Igor Larionov . :
Is he coming here ? :
No , we 'll be speaking with him on the phone .
He 's very busy .
So let 's first talk about hockey .
Oleg has a couple questions for you . :
Yes , last season became the best season for you and the team . :
I 'm hoping it 's not the last one . :
Of course not .
Remember the playoffs last year , when was the time that you felt you had a chance to win the Cup ?
Was there a certain game , day , month ?
Well it 's hard to remember but for me , the moment where I thought we could win the Cup was our first game against Detroit because when we played last year , they had an obvious advantage over our game and it was tough to play against them .
But this year starting with the first minute , the first shift , even though we lost the game we could tell that we did n't give up anything and did n't let them have their way .
In shots , in our game , we were even more refreshed than them and I think during that game I felt that we can definitely battle against Detroit and we have an amazing chance to win . :
Go back to the 7th game against Detroit .
It 's 2 - 1 .
You 're winning .
Were those the longest six minutes of your life ? :
Yes , they must have been .
You 're right .
I was sitting on the bench and it was as if everything was in slow motion and ‘ Flower , ’ although he saw the puck , somehow it went in to make it 2 - 1 and you look up at the clock and it says 6:50 . :
Wow , you even remember the exact seconds ? : Yeah , approximate .
After each line change , you 're constantly looking back up at the clock and it seemed like forever and thank God it was all over and we won. :
I have to ask you , when you won and everyone runs out onto the ice , was there someone you jumped on first ?
On Gonchar ?
Fleury ? : I think I jumped on everyone .
But I think towards Fleury .
Everyone was skating towards Fleury and not me !
I just kept thinking that everyone was going to skate towards me !
But yeah , we all had this group jumping on top of each other . :
Yes , you guys were like kids and the look on your face was like you won it all , you had the ultimate success .
All the suffering was over . :
Well of course , for many it was their first Cup .
For me , it was my first ' first - place ’ trophy .
I 've lost for Championships and in Russia .
It 's hard to explain .
We could have won last year , but we did n't so a big thank you to the team for keeping it together and winning the ultimate Cup. :
Who did you call first ? : I called my parents .
I went back to the locker room and I looked at my Russian phone and I saw all these messages . :
Right now is where you leave your number so all the fans can write you . :
Hopefully they 'll write when we win again .
I had so many texts and calls and messages and it was hard to write everyone back and say thank you .
Like Alyonka said , it was a busy time . :
Real quick , let 's return to game 7 and the last faceoff .
What were the emotions running through you ? :
I remember when there were 18 seconds left and the faceoff was in center ice .
I thought that was still enough to get a goal .
But when there were six seconds left in our zone , I thought there ’s no way they can score in six seconds .
There ’s no way and we had to win the faceoff .
Immediately we lose the faceoff and there are two , three shots towards our net and it was all like slow motion
But I kept believing and maybe our belief was the reason we won .
I just kept believing they were n't going to score that goal and that we were going to win. :
After the game , did you have the feeling that you 'd win the playoff MVP ? :
Well of course , thoughts like that run through your head and it's always very nice to hear but all my thoughts were about Game 7 and winning .
So yeah , it crossed my mind but winning and the Cup was No. 1 on my mind . : Let's ...:
Ok , let 's. : Let 's talk about the Stanley Cup. :
What is that ? :
When we came back to Pittsburgh , there was a huge parade .
How was it for you to be a part of that , riding through the streets with that many fans around you ?
I think 100,000 ? : More than 300,000 . :
You were off by a little there . :
Yeah a little , around 200,000 . :
How was that for you ?
What were your feelings ?
And that the MVP trophy was with you . : I definitely did n't expect that .
We started a little bit outside of downtown where we got into our cars and there were a few people , and a few fans and you thought that that was it .
But then we went into downtown and all I could say was ' wow ' because I 've never seen that many people .
On rooftops , people were hanging out of windows and trees .
It was crazy .
And then I truly felt ' we actually won '
My dream came true that I 've been dreaming of since I was a kid of winning some kind of cup :
Some kind of cup ? :
Well then , yes , but now the most prized and amazing Cup .
It was shocking . :
Can you tell me your favorite moment with Lord Stanley ?
Do you have one ? : Probably on the ice .
When Max Talbot handed me the Cup and I lifted it and then kissed it . :
You kissed Max ? : And Max too !
That was my favorite moment .
Here he is !:
Here he is and he 's mine ? :
Here he is and he 's ours . :
The Olympics are coming up and Oleg has a couple questions about that . :
You were at the camp in August . :
I only had one day there because I had the Cup the day before but yes , it was in August and all the guys came out and it was a lot of fun .
It was shocking that everyone came .
Even from America just for those two days .
It was so nice to see everyone together .
There was n't even a thought that someone would n't show up .
Everyone was happy to work hard . : Like friends ? :
Yeah and like a National Team and practicing together .
A big thank you to the guys for coming together and for including me in this team . :
Did you meet some new guys that you had n't known before ?
Or what player really made an impact on you ? :
It 's hard to say that I did n't know anyone . :
He 's a superstar !
He knows everyone . :
Well , everyone knows you but maybe you did n't know someone before this camp ? :
I had never met ( Simeon ) Varlamov and now we met on the ice .
So yes , there were some people I had n't personally met but the hockey world is so small that with the three years I 've played , I 've pretty much met everyone , even all my heroes from my childhood . :
What is your relationship like with coaches of the National Team ? :
Well I think it 's not only me , we all have very close relationships with our coaches and I know that they make sure to call us and to see how we are .
It ’s a friend type of relationship and its very nice .
We have an amazing group of guys and with this group we do n't have the option of losing .
And so we have a big chance to win although I do n't want to make predictions but it is all in our hands . :
Do n't want to make any guarantees ? :
No one will give you a guarantee but you have to prove that you will win because of the group of people we have for our team this year , especially the coaching staff .
It 's their third season .
They 've been proving that with their hard work they are deserving to lead our country to the Olympics and go for the gold medal . :
Do the injuries play a part of any worries that you have for the Russian players that will be a part of this group ? :
It 's hard to say .
Sometimes injuries work in your favor , you have some time to rest . :
You 're talking about yourself right now ? : ( laughs )
Well , I had a good two weeks to pull myself together , but injuries are injuries .
The most important thing is that they are n't around in February and we still have time and I think everyone will be ready by then .
Maybe it's a good thing that there are injuries now and not later . :
Can you imagine yourself in the final game and you 're at a faceoff with Sidney Crosby and in net is Fleury . :
Well no but now that I think about it . : Scary , right ? :
No , they 're not scary .
You can play against them like any other team .
Even Fleury misses shots and Crosby sometimes does n't score .
So it 's totally normal to think that I 'll play against them and I will .
And I hope this vision comes true where we 're standing at the faceoff . :
So what if the final game will be ended by a shootout .
Will you help your teammates on how to best beat Fleury in net . :
Of course ! :
Even women know the answer !
Of course I 'll help them out .
Even Gonchar will help out since we know and we play on the same team .
But it 'll be a nerve - wrecking situation if that plays out .
But the type of skilled players we have on our team , I think they know how to play against any goalie , those like Sergei Fedorov .
I do n't think you 'd even want to tell them how to play .
But if he asks , of course I 'll try to help the best I can , especially in a deciding moment like that . :
Maybe you 'll have the opportunity to check Crosby against the boards . : ( laughing )
And not only by the boards !
I mean we laugh right now but when you 're on a different team , even if it were Gonch playing against me on another team , I 'm going to play against him like he 's an opponent . :
We ’ll make sure to let Gonch know . :
Well he 'll probably make it out to this show . :
But I think that that 's what it is .
It 's a business of sorts . :
Yes , it 's just how hockey is . :
And if you 're not playing 100 percent you 're only making it harder for yourself . :
To play for the National Team is a pretty prestigious moment for you .
Very important right ?
And Alex Ovechkin made a statement about playing for the games in Sochi , that no matter what he will be a part of that tournament .
I do n't know if you heard but where do you stand if NHL players will not be allowed to participate in their National Teams ? :
I 'll say that we talked during the All Star games amongst the Russians and I think we all kind of came to the agreement that no matter what would happen we'd all come together to play for our country and our National Team .
These Olympics are in Canada and all Canadians will be there to support their country .
If we have the games in Sochi and we do n't show up , that ’s not right .
So we have to be there and I think we will be there .
So from my side , Yes , I will be there . :
So you agree with Alex ? : 100 percent .
This must be the only thing you agree on with Ovechkin . :
Well everything else is a secret . : OK , so I was born in Moscow but I 've never been in Magnitogorsk . :
Thank god .
( laughing ) . :
Do n't say that .
It 's still your birth place and where you grew up .
Can you tell our listeners what you do there ?
What are your hobbies when you go home ?
Describe the city . :
Well you said so yourself , I grew up there and so I love that city and it ’s probably the most beautiful city and my favorite .
What do I do there ?
Well , probably what everyone else does .
I relax ; I hang out with friends , go to the movies , play pool , we go fishing although the fish do n't bite .
Or maybe there are no more fish left . :
There must be no more fish . :
So you said you come home and you 're with friends .
Here ’s my question .
I met you four years ago when you came to America and we became friends .
You were this normal , open , great person .
Four years have passed , you 've accomplished a lot , you 've won many things . :
Yes , keep going . :
And you 've stayed the same .
How is that ?
Where is that star factor ?
It 's true .
We can sit together as friends and talk about anything and it will always be a good time .
How did you stay that way ? :
Well I 'll probably have to say a big thank you to my parents .
That is something they get the credit for .
They raised me to be this way and they still give me advice .
So thank you to them .
They put me on the right track .
I think it comes down to the way you were raised and then you carry that on in your life .
I always listen to their advice .
I 'm sure I had a moment of stardom in my first team in Magnitogorsk but I was probably quickly brought back down to earth and understood very quickly that it's not about the fame or money because nothing good comes from that .
I started to look at hockey and life differently . :
When you came here you first lived with the Gonchars .
Do you think his knowledge of the game and the NHL , ways of living here , etc. , do you think that helped you ? :
Of course it helped .
I think what Sergei did for me , it 's hard to put a price on it .
What he did for me .
I think I will be forever in debt to him .
I have to say thank you to him .
Every day we talked and he'd explain everything to me and I think you all know what type of person Sergei is and how kind he is .
Especially when my parents left for the first time , Sergei became like an older brother to me .
And I looked up to him .
Alyonka , you 're right , he really helped me . :
When you lived with Sergei , you even learned how to act around kids .
I 've seen you play with Sergei 's daughter . :
Well , I love children , I always have .
Even when I go back home to Magnitogorsk , I 'm always playing with my friends kids .
So it was nice to spend time with Natasha . :
Do you remember your first stadium and coach in Magnitogorsk ? : First Arena was the ice outside .
My parents first bought my brother and I tattered skates , well brand new skates then .
We came to the ice and my father played hockey and when we were young , we were always there day and night and then when we got old enough to play a part of a team , my parents signed me up for a local team for our age group .
So everything kind of started there .
My first coach was Yuri Tykaserev .
Then they 'd change quite often .
But when I was around 7 or 8 , Viktor Petrovich Vikman .
he really started working with us until an older age .
He gave me a lot in hockey and in life .
I can say a lot about him .
I still speak with him often and I can't thank him enough for everything he 's done . :
It 's great when people fulfill their dreams and become as famous as you are and still remember those people that helped them along the way . :
I think the coolest thing is that everything you just said , there 's a chance that he heard it all on the radio . :
Will this be playing in Magnitogorsk ? :
Yes of course .
OK , well I know time is running out for you . :
Yes , I 'd love to come back another day . :
We 'll make sure to invite you back 100 times over but I want to ask you a couple quick questions for our female listeners who want to … :
Who want me ? : Yes .
Blonde or Brunette ? : Blonde : Why ?:
It 's hard to say .
When I look at a blonde I get more emotions inside of me .
I do n't know why .
I 've had a brunette girlfriend before but blondes are No. 1 for me . :
What is the one quality you look for in a woman . :
What do you like the most ? :
It 's hard to say just one quality . :
Love for hockey ? : I guess support in everything in hockey and life . :
Well let 's say we 're going on our first date and I invite you over for dinner . : Me ?
When ? :
What would you like for me to cook for you ?
Pierogies ? :
Well actually you 've already invited me over for those ! :
Yes , and they did n't turn out so well .
Well , that was a very popular video .
Everyone saw that . :
Well of course , to laugh at us both here . :
Have you learned to cook ?
What 's the next thing you two are going to cook ?
Because Alyonka can come over and cook for you . :
Well I can't do that because I obviously ruined the first date .
He did n't like the pierogies . :
She 's practiced !:
She 's been studying and reading books , making notes . :
So she lied to me last time .
I do n't know what the second dish should be .
It should be much more challenging than folding dough .
So maybe duck ?
Baked duck ? :
Ok , we 'll write it just like that , Bake a Duck . : I think we 're going to have to close out soon .
Any last questions ? :
In two words , what can you say about Pittsburgh for all the listeners in Russia who have never seen the city ? :
Many say that Pittsburgh is n't the greatest compared to New York but in my opinion it's a great city and there is absolutely everything anyone would need .
We have beautiful bridges and I think we have the most out of any other city .
We have beautiful rivers around downtown .
When I drive to the arena at night , the view is beautiful .
It 's captivating . :
Most importantly that there are nice people here . :
Do you watch soccer ?
For our National Team ? : I root for our National Team but have n’t watched many of the games .
I 've watched Zenit in St. Petersburg .
Our National
Team has been losing but we 're always wishing them the best of luck . :
Thank you so much Geno for coming on the show with us . :
Is there someone you want to say hi to right now ? : Hello ?
To all my friends and family and parents .
Hopefully this will reach them in Magnitogorsk . :
When are your parents coming back to town ? : Probably sometime around the New Year . : I think your parents are more famous than you are . :
And I do n't like that !:
Could you have ever imagined that they'd be so popular ? :
Honestly , I never thought they would be .
For me it was a shock .
During the games , I walk around the concourse of the Mellon Arena and many people know that I 'm friends with your family and they all come up and ask me " When are the Malkins coming back ? " I swear to you .
That 's how popular they are . :
Yes , and when they 're here , people come up to them and ask for their autographs and to take photos . :
And you 're dad loves to hug the ladies . : ( laughing )
Do n't say that !:
Let 's hope your mom was n't listening during this part . :
Will you guys ever let me go ?!
( laughing ) Yes , yes .
Thank you very much for coming again !
Power , performance , style , innovation and an in - line six - cylinder engine are basic requirements in a BMW .
The cars , that is .
Not the motorcycles .
But BMW has crammed six round pegs into a square hole to create the sexiest and sleekest six - cylinder motorcycle yet .
BMW Motorrad has for years teased motorcycle enthusiasts with the Cheshire - cat grin inducing power of an in - line six .
The Concept 6 is not the first of its kind by any means ; Honda 's awesome CBX - 1000 from 1978 comes to mind .
But this is the first one we ’ve seen that does n’t look as if it were designed for – and by — a seven - foot tall linebacker .
With power numbers comparable to a BMW 1.3 - liter four - banger and better emissions and fuel economy , the candy coating on the Concept 6 is it 96 foot - pounds of torque at 2,000 rpm .
We can only imagine what kind of ridiculous numbers this bike is capable of with an engine that revs to about 9,000 rpm .
The first , and biggest challenge , BMW 's engineers had to overcome was shrinking an engine never designed to be small .
We tried to wrap our collective heads around BMW 's explanation , which requires advanced degrees in mechanical engineering and German .
Simply put , the trick according to BMW involved a “ slightly over - square bore : stroke ratio with a relatively longer stroke and very small gaps between cylinders . ”
Whatever .
The important thing is the engine is about four inches slimmer than any six - cylinder motorcycle engine in history and only slightly wider than the big fours you see these days .
It 's canted forward 55 degrees to maintain a low center of gravity , and the dry - sump system means the engine should continue BMW 's rep for anvil - like durability .
There are many more toys besides the engine , which sits in a light alloy bridge frame with BMW ’s Duolever and Paralever suspension .
BMW made the Concept 6 light , it made it fast and it made it stop on a dime with oversized six - piston fixed calipers .
Most interesting , though , may be instrument cluster .
It 's minimalist in form yet offers more info than Wikipedia unless you ’re looking for a traditional tachometer .
It may rub you the wrong way , but BMW 's opted instead to let the rider know how much torque is on tap at any given moment .
Once the engine , suspension and uber - geek tech was sorted , BMW needed the key ingredient to any Beemer – style .
The Germans considered Concept 6 “ more than just the attempt to develop a motorcycle of a kind never seen before . ”
They wanted the bike to be a stunner .
They succeeded .
BMW has captured the emotional and physical connection between man and machine in the sexiest café racer to ever grace the tarmac .
The long split - face nose , short tail , twin - tipped chin spoiler and LED lighting look great .
Catch a glimpse of the triple - tipped exhaust and your eye follows a sensual line to the rest of the bike , gawking at curves from top to bottom , front to rear .
In the world of moto - porn , the Concept 6 is a centerfold .
And like a centerfold , the chances are slim you 'll ever ride one .
The Concept 6 is just that – a concept .
But do n’t worry .
Having proven that a straight - six motorcycle of a sporty flavor is more than possible , BMW says the engine will “ expand the K - Series in the foreseeable future . "
We ’re hoping we ’ll see the Concept 6 produce in the foreseeable future too .
Photos : BMW
On the heels of a Toronto report warning the city is losing its battle with bedbugs , new research suggests that plastic bowls and talcum powder can be powerful weapons in the war .
" Bedbug interceptors " — $ 2 Ikea bowls dusted with baby powder and placed under furniture legs — " are very useful tools to monitor and inspect bedbug infestation , " said Dr. Changlu Wang , an entomologist at Rutgers University , in an interview Tuesday .
Both Wang and a study released this week for the city of Toronto concur that bedbug infestation is growing rapidly , fighting it is expensive and nothing short of a concerted and unified plan will stop it .
DDT was highly effective in all but eradicating bedbugs in Western countries in the 1940s and 1950s but at the cost of its extreme toxicity , Wang said .
Frequent misdiagnoses by doctors , increased travel , slow public response and poor understanding of effective control methods have brought bedbugs back and are allowing them to multiply .
" Before 2003 , they have been characterized by Toronto Public Health as sporadic and mild , " the report by WoodGreen Community Services and Habitat Services for the city and the province said .
" In 2003 , a Toronto study showed that there were only 46 reports of bed bugs to Toronto Public Health but by 2008 , ( there were ) almost 1,500 bed bug infestations between March and October . "
Tiny , resilient and devious , bedbugs hide in electrical outlets , laptop vents , shoe seams and book spines during the day , can walk down an apartment hallway , live up to 18 months without feeding and , in egg form , can resist the suck of a vacuum cleaner .
In Wang 's study , only half of the 16 apartments came through bedbug - free , mostly because of the human factor : people who would n't or could n't afford to dump grossly infested furniture or would n't follow the tedious , painstaking methods to eradicate them , including ditching or cleaning up clutter .
The researchers used a combination of wrapping mattresses , hot steam cleaning , furniture legs stuck in the bowls and then either two pesticide treatments : diatomaceous earth dust or chlorfenapyr spray .
Most striking , said Wang , were the clumps of dead bedbugs in the bowls days after they thought the insects had been eliminated .
Since furniture and bedding can't be directly doused with pesticide , he said , the bowls are a strong alternative .
The system involved placing a small bowl with a bottom coating of talcum powder and diatomaceous earth , a kind of talc , inside a larger bowl and putting furniture legs in the bowls .
Initially , Wang said , they used ethylene glycol in the larger bowls but developed concerns about its toxicity to pets .
Talcum powder is slippery and harmless to humans but punctures the bugs ' shells , dehydrating them .
Wang , who has advised Toronto hotels , travel agencies and pest - control consultants , warns that bedbugs deterred from one apartment often just jump to the next .
" Apartment manages and contractors have to inspect the neighbours .
They 'll find at least 60 per cent of the neighbours also have bugs .
There has to be a program or they can never be controlled . "
Hotels , facing quickly damaged reputations , will usually take the expensive and quick eradication route of enveloping a building in a four - hour barrage of steam at 44 C or above , said Wang .
Apartment dwellers are at the mercy of fellow tenants and managers .
" Toronto Community Housing has had to increase its pest control budget from $ 1 million in total to $ 2.5 million for bed bugs alone , " the WoodGreen report said .
" There is a stigma attached to having bed bugs and it causes hardship for those with infestations , " Steve Floros of TCH is quoted as saying in the report .
" There is a false perception that individuals with a bed bug infestation must not be clean .
There have been occasions when
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Echoing Wang , Cathy Loik of Toronto Public Health said , " We need to develop strategies for entire buildings , mass education campaigns for the public at large , increase social assistance for vulnerable populations , have more public awareness to reduce stigma , get landlords on board teaching people integrated pest management , stop self - treating with over - the - counter products ( as this builds resistance in bed bugs ) . "
The report calls on the Ontario Ministry of Health and Long - Term Care to lead the education and eradication campaign .
One of the unfortunate buzzworthy topics in the current NHL season has been the quality - or lack thereof - of the refereeing .
Disagreements with the boys in the zebra suits are part and parcel of professional sports fandom , but it seems as though the 2009 - 2010 NHL hockey season has had more than its share of borderline , questionable , and outright blown calls .
The current joke - riffing on the now - infamous Brad May " non-goal " against the Dallas Stars - goes that the referees are exercising their " intent to suck . "
Coyotes fans have had to weather bad refereeing in several games this year , but on Saturday night they found themselves in the strange position of having earned two points over the Philadelphia Flyers by virtue of two very questionable calls .
The Coyotes and Flyers were knotted at 1 - 1 heading into the third period when the first controversial call occurred .
As the period moved past its halfway point , the Coyotes found themselves on the power play .
While cycling the puck , Adrian Aucoin bobbled a pass by the Flyers ' blueline above the right circle .
The view from the left side of the ice was clear - the puck traveled across the blueline and the left linesman indicated offsides .
However , whether he was screened or whether he saw something that almost everyone in the arena did n't , the right linesman energetically waved off the offsides .
The Flyers bench went ballistic and coach John Stevens erupted into passionate arguing .
Unfortunately for the Flyers , play continued - Aucoin passed to Matthew Lombardi , who found Keith Yandle at the right circle .
Yandle 's rocket shot cleared Flyers goalie Ray Emery and the Coyotes took a 2 - 1 lead .
Scott Hartnell indicated that the confusion over the non-call contributed to the Coyotes ' goal by distracting Emery .
" You can't blame Ray for that one , " Hartnell said .
" He thought what we all did . "
Although Yandle 's goal would prove to be the game - winner , the controversy was n't over .
With just over 30 seconds to go in the game , Shane Doan found himself with the puck with Emery off the ice for a sixth attacker .
Driving to the net , Doan passed Philadelphia 's Chris Pronger , who reached out with his stick .
Doan 's shot dribbled past the right post , and then the play was blown dead with 39.9 seconds remaining as the Flyers gained control of the puck .
Pronger headed to the penalty box , arguing vehemently with the referees .
But what looked to be a Coyotes power play turned into something strange as the Coyotes players suddenly began clapping Doan on the back .
Eventually , the scoreboard changed to 3 - 1 , Pronger was let out of the box , and the game ended in a welter of confusion .
No goal horn , no replay , and more importantly no puck in the net .
And yet , there it was - 3 - 1 .
The referees , it turned out , had judged Pronger 's hook to be worthy of a penalty shot .
And according to the NHL 's rule 26.1 , which reads :
A goal will be awarded to the attacking team when the opposing team has taken their goalkeeper off the ice and an attacking player has possession and control of the puck in the neutral or attacking zone on , without a defending player between himself and the opposing goal , and he is prevented from scoring as a result of an infraction committed by the defending team .
... Doan was credited with an awarded goal ... even though his eventual shot never got close .
Pronger , of course , was livid .
" He ( the referee ) said I got him on the hands but I got him on the stick , " he said after the game .
" I disagree .
I did n't think it should have been a goal .
I did n't even think it was a penalty .
He had his stick down .
How am I going to get him on the hands when I lifted his stick ? "
Needless to say , the Flyers fans in attendance at Jobing.com Arena - who made up almost half of the crowd of just over 11,000 - left disappointed , bewildered and more than a little bitter .
But even Coyotes fans were filing out of the arena , more sheepish than jubilant after having two points essentially gifted to them by the refereeing crew .
Some fans were already rationalizing the events of the game as karmic retribution for bad calls against them earlier in the season , but all around the arena there were signs of Coyotes fans in animated conversation with Flyers fans , most likely commiserating on a very strange end to a very strange third period .
It is now almost two months since Terry Gregson took over for Stephen Walkom as head of the NHL 's officiating department , but games like the Coyotes - Flyers tilt are starting to draw some unwelcome attention in a season already rife with tension and pessimism from issues such Southern market struggles , the NHLPA fiasco , the player safety debate , and issues with DirecTV and VERSUS .
While it is true that the quality of officiating reaches an equilibrium over the course of a given season , the sheer weight of dispute this early in the campaign does not bode well for the NHL 's officiating crews .
Bad officiating is at least a nuisance , but on this scale any inaction on the part of the NHL will only spell bad publicity for the league .
Coyotes fans love having two more points - but to get them in such a controversial fashion makes some fans nervous .
Who can tell whether later in the season the scales will shift to the other side ?
Here is the video recap of the game from NHL Video - judge for yourself .
From John Tate , President of Campaign for Liberty :
September 24 , 2009
Dear Friend of Liberty ,
This Friday , the House Financial Services Committee will meet at 9 am eastern to hold a hearing on Congressman Paul ’s Audit the Fed bill , HR 1207 .
We have come a long way in this historic effort , but your action is needed now more than ever .
Click here to find the names of the representatives on the Financial Services Committee and to get their contact information .
Even if they do not represent your district , be sure to call as many of them as you can anyway , as their work on the Committee greatly impacts every one of us .
Urge them to pass the Audit the Fed bill to the floor on its own merits and not as part of an overall package that would strengthen the Federal Reserve and further damage our economy .
Transparency in our monetary system is too important to be smothered in yet another Washington regulatory bill .
If your representative is not on the Committee , please contact him as well and tell him you want to know what the Fed has done with your money .
Demand a standalone vote on Audit the Fed and that he cosponsor HR 1207 if he has not yet done so .
The hearing will be streamed live on the Committee ’s website .
This hearing would not have taken place if not for all of your hard work in calling , writing , faxing , and petitioning Congress to support HR 1207 and S 604 , its Senate companion .
It ’s incredible to see all the support we have amassed in this historic effort , but if we want to achieve a complete victory , we must now push harder than ever and turn the heat up !
Your call could have a critical impact on your representative ’s decision .
Contact them immediately !
In Liberty ,
John Tate
President
LONDON 
In the realm of Twitter insults , it was at the far end of mild .
“ Much as I admire and adore the chap , they are a bit ... boring , ” a Twitter user called brumplum wrote Saturday , speaking of the tweets of Stephen Fry , the British writer , actor and television personality .
But that little tweet set off a frenzy of vitriolic attacks and counterattacks on Twitter , drawing an untold number of people into an increasingly charged debate and thrusting brumplum  in reality a man from Birmingham , England , named Richard  unhappily into the public ’s angry glare .
It was an example once again of the extraordinary power of Twitter to distribute information and to sway the opinions of vast groups of people in tiny amounts of time .
It was also an example of how Twitter reinforces the tendency of adults to behave like high school students , passing rude notes , spreading exaggerated rumors and obsessing endlessly  and pointlessly  about who said what mean thing about whom .
In any case , after brumplum sent his mildly critical tweet , Mr. Fry somehow found out about it , and it made him feel terrible .
It made him feel so terrible , he tweeted , that he was considering quitting Twitter altogether on account of all the “ aggression and unkindness around . ”
Ex -judge accused of spanking U.S. male inmates in his office and awarding them reduced jail time in return for sex
A former judge is facing life in prison after being charged with sexually abusing male inmates in exchange for leniency .
Respected circuit judge Herman Thomas , who was once the Democratic Party ’s choice to be the first black federal judge in south Alabama , is accused of bringing inmates to his office and spanking them with a paddle .
His trial for charges of sodomy , kidnapping , sex abuse , extortion , assault and ethics violations is set to begin today .
The 48 - year - old insists he is innocent and claims he was trying to mentor the inmates .
Herman Thomas is accused of sexually abusing male inmates in exchange for leniency
Thomas ’s defence lawyer Robert ‘ Cowboy Bob ’ Clark has branded the accusers ‘ lying felons ’ who are trying to wreck the career of ‘ a prestigious member of the Bar for over 20 years . ’
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , a leading civil rights group , has defended Thomas and claims race is behind his prosecution .
Thomas and his attorney blame the charges on politicians who do n't like him .
‘ There is no doubt that people assisted these inmates in telling these lies on me , ’ Thomas said in April .
In an echo of sex allegations made against black Supreme Court justice Clarence Thomas , Thomas 's lawyer called the indictment ‘ a high - tech lynching ’ .
‘ They do n't like uppity black folks , and that 's what they consider Herman , ’ Clark added .
Chief Assistant District Attorney Nicki Patterson said authorities began looking at Thomas after he changed a jail sentence in 2006 for his cousin , former Mobile County school commissioner David Thomas , even though the case was being handled by another judge .
Other cases that Thomas had taken over from other judges without their approval soon surfaced , she said .
Some inmates in those cases described being checked out of the jail for meetings with Thomas in his car or in his private office in the county courthouse .
First , there were reports of inmates having to pull down their underwear for spankings with a wooden paddle .
Then came allegations of oral and anal sex , according to court records .
Mobile , Alabama , where Mr Thomas 's trial will start today ( file photo )
Noting that each of the alleged victims is black , Patterson says jail checkout records back up inmates ' claims about trips to Thomas ' private office , and other inmates spotted marks after paddlings .
There also is other evidence , according to court records , including one inmate 's seminal fluid on the office carpet .
The inmates also were able to describe in detail Thomas ' unmarked windowless office .
Thomas stepped down from the bench in 2007 after the allegations of paddling surfaced and just ahead of a judicial ethics trial that could have forced him out of office .
He was indicted on the more - serious charges this past spring by a Mobile County grand jury .
If convicted of the most serious charges - sodomy and kidnapping - he faces from 20 years to life in prison .
The oldest incident in the charges dates to 1999 , his first year as a circuit judge .
The first public claim against Thomas surfaced in lawsuits filed by an inmate in 2001 in Mobile circuit court and in federal court that claimed the judge offered to help him with his case in return for sex .
Both lawsuits were dismissed , and Thomas ' reputation remained unblemished .
Retired Mobile County Circuit Judge Braxton Kittrell said people thought Thomas ' personal interest in the defendants was a positive .
' Everyone thought he had a lot of concern for people who got into criminal difficulty .
All of this was a surprise to everyone , ' he said .
The case has shocked Thomas ' friends and former colleagues .
' I 've always had the highest regard for him .
The allegations were a complete surprise to me and everyone else who knew him , ' said Bob Edington , a prominent Mobile attorney and former Democratic state senator .
Prosecutors say they have 15 current and former male inmates lined up to testify in a trial that could take several weeks .
Thomas grew up in Mobile and returned home after law school at Florida State University to become an assistant district attorney .
At the time , the majority white county had no black judges , and local officials were concerned that a federal judge might end countywide elections for judges .
Local Democrats and lawyers recruited Thomas , and they got a Republican governor to appoint him to a vacancy in 1990 .
Thomas later won election to a full term .
He handled lower level cases as a district judge , but he moved up to a county circuit judgeship in 1999 and started handling the most serious crimes , including murder .
In 1997 , Alabama 's presidential advisory committee recommended President Bill Clinton appoint Thomas as the first black federal judge in the southern district of Alabama .
The nomination was never acted on after Thomas failed to get the American Bar Association 's top rating and amid some squabbling within the party .
A lot of recent graduates are not able to find a job .
Or the best one they can find right now pays only $ 7 an hour part - time .
Because of the current economy , many Americans are leaving .
They are going to places where there are still jobs available .
One of these places is China .
Many recent grads have hopped on planes and are now teaching English full - time .
English teachers are in high demand for both Chinese students and businessmen .
For example , Mikala Reasbeck just recently graduated from college and could n't find a job in the U.S. , so she headed to China and found a full time job without speaking any Chinese dialects .
In China " the jobs are so easy to find .
And there are so many , " Reasbeck said .
These jobs are not only offering graduate 's salaries , but professional experience .
However , when the economy does improve , they will face a difficult decision of continuing to work in China , or coming back to the U.S .
Chris Watkins manager of a headhunting firm in China and Hong Kong said that " China is really the land of opportunity now , compared to their home countries . "
" This includes college graduates as well as more established businesspeople , entrepreneurs and executives from companies around the world . "
Even though China has also faced a slowing economy , the prospects of finding employment are much better over there .
China has seen young foreigners coming for work , because the markets are much worse in the United States , Europe , and some Asian countries .
Many graduates had to accept job offers that were different than they had planned , because they either could n't find work or companies withdrew their offer .
So many college grads are teaching piano lessons , leading fishing tours in Alaska , delivering pizzas , or whatever else they can find .
For individuals that either can't find a job or hate their job might want to think about working abroad .
China is one country that can be easier for foreign workers to get into .
There have been difficulties acquiring work permits in Russia and some other European countries .
Although rules were tightened preceding the Beijing Olympics in 2008 , which forced some foreign workers to leave because their visas expired .
Approximately 217,000 individuals held work permits in China at the end of 2008 .
But thousands more use temporary business visas and go abroad regularly in order to renew them .
Many young professionals report that they live more comfortably in China with a lower salary than they would enjoy in the U.S. Working in China not only can offer you employment , but it 's also a great asset when you return to your home country , or when trying to get into business schools .
A former London banker reports that it is easier to reach top - level positions in China , plus he earns more money and works fewer hours .
However , this is n't the case for everybody .
Applicants must also realize that there are also many Chinese competing for jobs that also have degrees from western universities , work experience , and many will work for less money .
While leaving the U.S. to find a job may not work for you , it is a great option .
You will not only have a steady income , but also great experience which can help you when you 're applying for a job back in the U.S .
Or you may fall in love with China and become an expatriate .
40,000 students march in Vienna on October 30 , 2009 .
Photo : Press TV .
By the international press working group , Occupied University of Vienna
November 3 , 2009 --
Throughout the last few years , studying conditions at Austrian universities have dramatically declined .
The introduction of tuition fees , a massive cutback of democratic structures and lack of course availability are only some examples .
Reasons can be found in the huge decline in university funding on the one hand and the introduction of the three - level " Bologna " system on the othe , resulting in the implementation of admission reductions and limits .
On October 22 , students ' dissatisfaction turned into savage protest .
At noon several hundred students from the Academy of Fine Arts ( which was occupied the day before ) and the University of Vienna gathered to make known their desperate situation .
In a spontanious action they squatted in Austria 's largest auditorium in the main university building .
The news of the occupation spread rapidly and soon students from several other departments joined .
What started as a spontanious act of protest , within the course of just a week , evolved into massive student protests throughout all major Austrian university cities .
The University of Vienna , for example , has been constantly occupied by several thousand people .
Self - organised action groups have built an efficient infrastructure that includes a public kitchen , first aid and legal consulting .
In addition to that 100 work groups have been formed , whose main subject is the discussion of strategy and denands .
On October 28 , seven days after the initial occupation , Vienna witnessed one of the largest education - related rallies in Austrian history , with 40,000 people taking part .
The following day , in Graz , Austria 's second - largest city , a demonstration with several thousand people took place .
The students have presented a broad catalogue of demands to government and university policy makers .
Demands include the democratisation of all aspects of university life , a massive increase in funding , free and equal admission for all with the necessary qualifications and the implementation of accessible / barrier - free studying for those with special needs .
The students are also calling for a ``50 % women '' clause for all positions in university administration and the education system .
Along with various organisations and groups from all corners of Austrian society and the world , many university professors and administrative staff have demonstrated their solidarity with the protesting students .
This and the incredible power and hope that has developed , encourage the movement to persist and grow until the students ' demands are met .
The movement that has formed in the wake of the protests is opening up free social spaces , practising grassroots democracy and invigorating university life with self - organised lectures , workshops and task groups .
Students are getting involved in an unprecedented fashion and are receiving great public support for their concerns .
Leading figures from politics , culture and society at large consider the protest movement as a seismograph for problems that reach far beyond the education system .
So far , more than 350 university lecturers and researchers have declared solidarity with the occupying students and many actively participate in the protests .
The highly precarious working conditions that university staff increasingly face , including short - term contracts and little job security , has a detrimental effect on the quality of research and teaching .
After the widening of the protests and the numerous declarations of solidarity from all over the world , the Austrian government finally reacted .
The minister of science and research Johannes Hahn promised 34 million euro from the ministry ’s reserve budget .
The protesters believe this gesture is not in the least adequate to effectively solve the range of structural problems .
Furthermore , there is criticism that the minister still has not approached the protesters to discuss their demands in detail .
On November 5 , the protest movement is planning a nationwide day of action in order to strengthen their demands and further encourage public debate about the Austrian education system .
Contact the students of the Occupied University of Vienna at internationalpress.unsereuni@gmail.com , tel. : +43 699 1920 3371 and at http://www.unsereuni.at
Mehrheit der Österreichischen Universitäten weiterhin besetzt !
Eine Chronologie der landesweiten Protestbewegung .
In den letzten Jahren verschärfte sich die Situation auf Österreichs Universitäten immer weiter : Studiengebühren wurden eingeführt , die Universitäten entdemokratisiert , Seminarplätze sind seit Jahren Mangelware .
Diese Probleme sind nicht zuletzt auf krasse Unterfinanzierung sowie eine überhastete Einführung des auf den Bolognaprozess zurückzuführenden dreigliedrigen Studiensystems zurückzuführen .
Diese Umstellung wurde auch genutzt um den Zugang zu ganzen Studienrichtungen zu beschränken .
An Gründen für den Protest hat es also in den letzten Jahren nicht gemangelt .
Am Donnerstag den 22.10 .
lief das Fass schließlich über .
Um 12:00 Uhr versammelten sich mehrere hunderte Studierende der Akademie der Bildenden Künste ( welche schon am Vortag besetzt wurde ) sowie der Hauptuniversität
Wien um auf ihre prekäre Situation aufmerksam zu machen .
Recht schnell entschlossen sie sich , den Audimax der Universität Wien ( den größten Hörsaal Österreichs ) zu besetzen .
Die Nachricht über diese Besetzung verbreitete sich wie ein Lauffeuer und aus den umgebenden Instituten schlossen sich Studierende der Besetzung an .
Was als spontane Kundgebung begann entwickelte sich im Laufe der nächsten acht Tage zu einer fast alle österreichischen Universitätsstädte umfassenden Protestbewegung .
Weitere Hörsäle wurden besetzt bzw .
Protestkundgebungen abgehalten .
So wird beispielsweise die Universität Wien von mehreren tausend Menschen durchgehend besetzt .
Von selbstorganisierten Arbeitsgruppen wurde eine regelrechte Infrastruktur aufgebaut , welche von der Versorgung mit Nahrungsmitteln über Erste Hilfe bis hin zu Rechtsberatung reicht .
In knapp 100 inhaltlichen Arbeitsgruppen werden universitäts - und gesellschaftspolitische Alternativen diskutiert .
Am Tag sieben der Besetzung fand mit 40.000 TeilnehmerInnen in Wien eine der größten Bildungsdemos der österreichischen Geschichte statt .
Tags darauf demonstrierten in der zweitgrößten österreichischen Stadt Graz mehrere tausend Studierende .
Die Studierenden treten mit einem breiten Forderungskatalog an die VerantwortungsträgerInnen in der Politik und an den Universitäten heran .
So wird die Demokratisierung und Ausfinanzierung der Universitäten ebenso gefordert wie ein freier Bildungszugang für alle sowie eine Frauenquote von 50 % auf allen Ebenen der Universität .
Neben vielen zivilgesellschaftlichen Organisationen in und außerhalb Österreichs solidarisierten sich inzwischen auch zahlreiche Lehrende der Universitäten mit den Forderungen der BesetzerInnen .
Bestärkt durch die enorme Dynamik sowie die zahlreichen Solidaritätsbekundungen sind diese gewillt mit ihrer Besetzung und weiteren Protestaktionen fortzufahren .
Rückfragehinweis :
Arbeitsgruppe Internationale Pressearbeit / Besetzte Universität Wien
mail : internationalpress.unsereuni@gmail.com
tel. : +43 699 1920 3371
web : http://www.unsereuni.at
There is allegedly proof that the story of balloon boy Falcon Heene was a stunt to help pitch a television show .
But the purported proof will cost you thousands of dollars to get .
Advertisement
Today , we spoke with a Denver - area student who claims to have worked with Falcon 's father , Richard Heene , on a reality show proposal for ABC .
The student wants to sell the information and says the National Enquirer is considering buying it for between $ 5,000 and $ 8,000 .
Advertisement
The student claims to have been hired by Heene , and says the two worked together from March until May 2009 to prepare " business plans and proposals " to pitch to ABC .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Here 's what the seller says the documents prove :
" The show surrounds scientific experiments and controversial pranks , and one of the pranks within it — actually several of the things within this document — talks about very similar information to what is being debated on the air . "
Advertisement
The seller adds :
" When Mr. Heene is denying having any involvement with this being for a show — when the little kid , Falcon , says ' Dad , you said to go hide in the attic , we 're doing this for the show ' — and then he 's adamantly denying that , that 's when I started cracking up because I have proof that that 's not true . "
Advertisement
The student says
Heene never paid for the work , which took more than 15 hours .
The student emailed him / herself the proposal as a record and does n't believe Heene knows the seller has the information .
" I never would have thought it would become valuable , but at this time , this is kind of the evidence that they 're looking for , " the seller says .
Advertisement
" I'm a student , you know , so if I can get my rent paid from this it'd be awesome . "
If you want to buy the proof , let us know , and we 'll put you in touch with the seller .
Claim : Barack Obama ’s thesis for Columbia University , entitled “ Aristocracy Reborn , ” noted that America ’s founding fathers “ did not allow for economic freedom . ”
FALSE
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , October 2009 ]
I saw someone online claim that the following is a quote from Barack Obama ’s thesis at Columbia contains the following segment : I saw someone online claim that the following is a quote from Barack Obama ’s thesis at Columbia contains the following segment : “… the Constitution allows for many things , but what it does not allow is the most revealing .
The so - called Founders did not allow for economic freedom .
While political freedom is supposedly a cornerstone of the document , the distribution of wealth is not even mentioned .
While many believed that the new Constitution gave them liberty , it instead fitted them with the shackles of hypocrisy . ”
Origins :
In academia , a thesis is a typical requirement for a graduate degree ( although some schools require a thesis for a bachelor ’s degree as well ) , an original research project submitted by a student on a topic related to his major .
Many universities keep their students ’ theses on file and make them available to the public as library resources .
In recent years , theses written by U.S. presidential candidates and their spouses have become subjects of great interest , particularly for the possibility that they might provide some insight into the thinking and mindsets of their authors , including the disclosure of once - held viewpoints that might be now be considered controversial and disadvantageous to their current political careers ( or those of their spouses ) .
Accordingly , major political figures have become more circumspect about allowing public access to their theses : Former First Lady Hillary Clinton ‘s 1969 Wellesley College thesis on community organizer Saul D. Alinsky , for example , was not available for examination by the public during the eight years of her husband ’s presidency , and current First Lady Michelle Obama ‘s 1985 Princeton University thesis on “ Princeton - Educated Blacks and the Black Community ” was the subject of controversy when access to it was initially blocked during her husband ’s campaign for the presidency .
( The Obama campaign made a copy of Michelle ’s thesis publicly available in February 2008 , and Princeton ’s restriction on access to it was likewise lifted . )
Throughout the 2008 presidential campaign ( and afterwards ) , one of the items that was frequently cited as a “ missing document ” connected with Barack Obama was his own thesis for Columbia University , a school from which he graduated in 1983 with a bachelor ’s degree in political science ( with a specialization in international relations ) .
Politico noted in October 2008 that :
There ’s not a whole lot of information available about Obama ’s time at Columbia University in New York , which he attended for three years after attending Occidental College in Los Angeles for one year and from which he graduated in 1983 .
There ’s not a whole lot of information available about Obama ’s time at Columbia University inwhich he attended for three years after attending Occidental College infor one year and from which he graduated in 1983 .
His campaign would not release his transcripts , and it says it does not have a copy of his thesis , which dealt with Soviet nuclear disarmament and which has drawn intense interest .
As far as has been determined , Barack Obama did not produce a formal thesis for his degree at Columbia University ; the closest match is a paper he wrote during his senior year for an honors seminar in American Foreign Policy .
However , Columbia University has said it did not retain a copy of that paper , Obama spokesman Ben LaBolt has said that Barack himself does not have a copy , and the professor to whom the paper was submitted has said that he no longer has a copy in his possession either :
In 1983 , as a senior at Columbia in New York , Barack Obama enrolled in an intense , eight - student honors seminar called American Foreign Policy .
His former professor , Michael Baron , recalled in an interview with NBC News that Obama easily aced the year - long class .
But Baron says he never had any inkling that the gangly senior would scale such heights .
In 1983 , as a senior at Columbia in New York , Barack Obama enrolled in an intense , eight - student honors seminar called American Foreign Policy .
His former professor , Michael Baron , recalled in an interview with NBC News that Obama easily aced the year - long class .
But Baron says he never had any inkling that the gangly senior would scale such heights .
[ Baron ] had saved Obama ’s senior paper for years , and even hunted for it again [ in July 2008 ] in some boxes .
But he said his search was fruitless , and he now thinks he tossed it out [ in 2000 ] during a move .
Baron described [ Obama ’s ] paper as a “ thesis ” or “ senior thesis ” in several interviews , and said that Obama spent a year working on it .
Baron recalls that the topic was nuclear negotiations with the Soviet Union .
“ My recollection is that the paper was an analysis of the evolution of the arms reduction negotiations between the Soviet Union and the United States , ” Baron said in an e-mail .
“ At that time , a hot topic in foreign policy circles was finding a way in which each country could safely reduce the large arsenal of nuclear weapons pointed at the other …
For U.S. policy makers in both political parties , the aim was not disarmament , but achieving deep reductions in the Soviet nuclear arsenal and keeping a substantial and permanent American advantage .
As I remember it , the paper was about those negotiations , their tactics and chances for success .
Barack got an A. ”
Baron said that , even if he could find a copy of the paper , it would likely disappoint Obama ’s critics .
“ The course was not a polemical course , it was a course in decision making and how decisions got made , ” he said .
“ None of the papers in the class were controversial . ”
So would it provide any political ammunition today ?
“ I do n’t think it would at all , ” Baron said .
“ It was n’t a position paper ; it was an analysis of decision - making . ”
In October 2009 , a purported excerpt from Barack Obama ’s “ missing ” Columbia thesis began circulating widely on the Internet , one which claimed the paper stated that the Constitution drafted by American ’s founding fathers “ did not allow for economic freedom ” and failed to mention “ the distribution of wealth ” ( a play on the common campaign charge that a redistribution of wealth was one of Barack Obama ’s political goals ) .
Had someone finally turned up Barack Obama ’s elusive senior paper ?
The Pajamas Media web site reported on 21 October 2009 that writer / reporter Joe Klein had been permitted to read the first ten pages of it and had revealed that the paper ( supposedly entitled “ Aristocracy Reborn ” ) included the excerpt reproduced above .
However , that claim seemed dubious , as a paper on “ Aristocracy Reborn , ” with musings about the Founding Fathers ’ supposed lack of interest in “ economic freedom ” and “ the distribution of wealth , ” would have been rather unusual content to find in a senior paper on the topic of Soviet nuclear disarmament , written for a seminar on American foreign policy .
In fact , the putative excerpt was fictitious , something lifted from a bit of satire published on the Jumping in Pools blog back on 25 August 2009 :
Obama was required to write a ‘ senior seminar ’ paper in order to graduate from Columbia .
The subject of this paper , which totaled 44 pages , was American government .
Entitled Aristocracy Reborn , this paper chronicled the long struggle of the working class against , as Obama put it , “ plutocratic thugs with one hand on the money and the other on the government . ”
Obama was required to write a ‘ senior seminar ’ paper in order to graduate from Columbia .
The subject of this paper , which totaled 44 pages , was American government .
Entitled , this paper chronicled the long struggle of the working class against , as Obama put it , “ plutocratic thugs with one hand on the money and the other on the government . ”
In the paper , in which only the first ten pages were given to the general media , Obama decries the plight of the poor : “ I see poverty in every place I walk .
In Los Angeles and New York , the poor reach to me with bleary eyes and all I can do is sigh . ”
In part , the future President blames this on the current economic system : “ There are many who will defend the ‘ free market . ’
But who will defend the single mother of four working three jobs .
When a system is allowed to be free at the expense of its citizens , then it is tyranny . ”
However , the President also singled out the American Constitution : “ … the Constitution allows for many things , but what it does not allow is the most revealing .
The so - called Founders did not allow for economic freedom .
While political freedom is supposedly a cornerstone of the document , the distribution of wealth is not even mentioned .
While many believed that the new Constitution gave them liberty , it instead fitted them with the shackles of hypocrisy . ”
Pajamas Media issued a notice a few days after its original report acknowledging that the information about Barack Obama ’s Columbia thesis was a hoax .
Joe Klein also affirmed that he had never seen the paper in question .
Last updated : 25 October 2009
Sources :
Featured Jobs
Mainframe SQL Developer ( SAS ) Baltimore , MD Meet our professionals CGI : A place to build an IT career Position Description Become part of a team to help a large governmen ...
Project Lead Application Software Engineer ( Core ... St. Louis , MO Job Description : Position Purpose : Responsible for the entire implementation process and drive definition of business needs * Res ...
Application Developer Jacksonville , FL Job Description : The Applications Development Senior Programmer Analyst is an intermediate level position responsible for partici ...
Cobol Programmer Analyst III Omaha , NE Experis is looking for a COBOL Programmer to Join their Team !
6 month Contract to Hire Opportunity .
Role will be starting on a Re ...
The NHL 's rival league hopes to expand into Sweden next season .
Russia 's KHL , in its second year of operation , announced Thursday it has signed a letter of intent with AIK Stockholm that would see the second - division Swedish club join its league next season .
" The acceptance of the invitation by AIK Hockey Club to join the KHL is very important for us , " KHL president Alexander Medvedev said in a news release .
" It confirms the positive dynamics in the development of hockey and the good chances to get off the ground the project of setting up the Pan- European Championship . "
In September , Medvedev proposed at an IIHF council meeting that club teams from other European leagues join the KHL in future years .
" Yes , I made a presentation during the [ IIHF ] council meeting in Tunisia with the idea to have a pan-European league , with involvement of Scandinavian and Central European hockey clubs , " Medvedev told ESPN.com in an October interview .
" I believe it 's the only way not to stagnate and to better develop European hockey . "
The 24 - team KHL currently has teams in Russia , Belarus , Latvia and Kazakhstan .
The addition of AIK still requires KHL board approval as well as the approval from the Swedish Ice Hockey Federation , the latter being no small matter .
" We are thrilled by the invitation of the KHL , " Peter Mellqvist , chairman of the board at AIK , said in a statement .
" It creates new possibilities for AIK Hockey to participate in the KHL .
It brings the club to a completely different platform and creates enormous potential for the future .
AIK
Hockey and its fans and members will have the opportunity to take part in the world 's best hockey played on big ice . "
AIK has battled financial problems over the last few years and plays to about 2,000 fans a game .
Former NHLers playing in the KHL include Jaromir Jagr , Alexei Yashin , Alexander Radulov , Sergei Zubov , Robert Esche , Jiri Hudler and Josef Vasicek .
Pierre LeBrun covers the NHL for ESPN.com .
The Art of Appreciation 101
I 'm now getting the survival stuff , the gratitude for a roof , and a bed , and a shower and food .
The precious - time - spent - with - my - son stuff .
The once - in - a - lifetime chance to see places I 've never seen before .
There 's also the usual stuff to appreciate , which is most often something we 've judged as " good " -- a beautiful sunset , a sumptuous meal , a Jimi Hendrix solo , a discreet mistress or a reliable pot connection .
That 's easy .
In fact , there 's way too much of that stuff going around as I mentioned in a
No , the true message of Busting Loose for me , as it continues to sink in , is that appreciation goes for everything we 've created .
So the other day I began making a list of the many things I now appreciate about my life , beginning with the catalogue of personal traits that used to make me uncomfortable .
Bear with me .
As Robert Scheinfeld notes in " Busting Loose From the Business Game , " we 're here to exchange beliefs and illusions for the Truth , not just different beliefs and illusions .
So for me , the key is acknowledging exactly what those beliefs about myself are , so they can be processed and taken to the return department in Phase 2 and exchanged for my big , bad , abundant essence .
Again , the idea here is not to turn my " negatives " into positives , like you 're trained to do in job interviews .
Q : " What 's your biggest weakness ? " A : " Uh , I work too hard . "
Nah , none of that crap .
This is an exercise in recognizing our judgment about what is , and embracing these things we perceive about ourselves and our lives as part of the human game we 've created .
So here goes .
I appreciate my laziness and willingness to take short cuts when it suits my purposes .
I appreciate my ability to avoid serious introspection .
I appreciate my ability to spot character flaws in others .
I appreciate the way I over - think things .
I appreciate my obsessiveness .
I appreciate my carelessness .
I appreciate my lack of blog ideas and my occasional bouts of writers block .
I appreciate my insomnia and my snoring ( though maybe not as much as others ) .
I appreciate my ability to not do anything " meaningful , " and waste hours online watching Youtube and searching for naked pictures of celebrities .
I appreciate watching my bank account drain down to nothing and the great concern this causes me .
I appreciate my consternation about having no permanent residence .
I appreciate my envy of those creations that appear to have more than I do .
I appreciate my skepticism and my gullibility .
I appreciate the many doubts I have about myself and my abilities .
I appreciate that I do n't try hard enough .
I appreciate that I 'll always let you talk me into letting you pay for lunch .
I appreciate my fear -- my fear of confrontation , my fear of making mistakes , my pathological avoidance of yoga and skydiving , my fear of imposing on others , my fear of being taken advantage of , my fear of not being able to finish the job .
I appreciate the shape and weight of my body , the fitness and tone or the lack thereof , the ingrown toenail , the sore knees , the fallen arches , the bad eyesight , the pinched nerve in my shoulder .
I appreciate my lower back pain and the times when my prostate acts up .
I have gratitude for the ways in which I sabotage myself and my goals and resist the guidance of my Expanded Self .
I appreciate my amazing ability to justify or rationalize anything -- from having unprotected sex to eating Original Recipe Kentucky Fried Chicken ( two of the most hazardous things known to man . )
I appreciate how I freely give power to things outside of me .
I appreciate my ability to be authentic and phony , often at the same time .
I appreciate my ability to be honest and lie , often at the same time .
I appreciate my tendency to avoid talking about the elephant in the room , whatever it is , and then bring it up later at the most inappropriate time .
I appreciate how easily I can be talked into giving money to organizations I 've never heard of , for things I do n't really care about , and how rude and confrontational I can become over a mistake on my phone bill .
I appreciate how easily I give up some times .
I appreciate how dogged I can be about some things , especially when they 're leading to a dead end .
I have much appreciation for the amazing illusions and stories I am able to spin about romantic breakups , and the ungodly amount of suffering I was willing to submit myself to .
I appreciate how I still occasionally embrace the role of victim .
I appreciate my belief that I 've never been a good enough father , son , brother , husband , friend or boyfriend .
I appreciate my self - absorption and my total lack of concern for tsunami victims in Southeast Asia .
I appreciate my mean - spiritedness .
I appreciate my attitude of not giving a shit sometimes .
I appreciate my complete lack of interest in politics and my pity for those who believe politics can change anything .
I appreciate my super cautious nature and my willingness to take risks based on whims and / or faulty intelligence .
I appreciate the gnawing thought that my life has been a waste of time .
I appreciate that I do n't listen to my inner guidance as much as I 'd like to .
I appreciate that I have no desire to save the world .
I appreciate that I 'm probably not going to be the guy to help you move into your new apartment .
This is by no means a comprehensive list , and I do n't necessarily recommend this exercise for everyone .
But God , that felt good .
During my time in Japan , I have come to a much deeper appreciation of gratitude .
I'm now getting the survival stuff , the gratitude for a roof , and a bed , and a shower and food .
The precious - time - spent - with - my - son stuff .
The once - in - a - lifetime chance to see places I 've never seen before .
There 's also the usual stuff to appreciate , which is most often something we 've judged as " good " -- a beautiful sunset , a sumptuous meal , a Jimi Hendrix solo , a discreet mistress or a reliable pot connection .
That 's easy .
In fact , there 's way too much of that stuff going around as I mentioned in a previous column .
Not that we should n't acknowledge these things , but we 're overloaded with easy and obvious things to express gratitude for .
No , the true message of Busting Loose for me , as it continues to sink in , is that appreciation goes forwe've created .
So the other day I began making a list of the many things I now appreciate about my life , beginning with the catalogue of personal traits that used to make me uncomfortable .
Bear with me .
As Robert Scheinfeld notes in " Busting Loose From the Business Game , " we 're here to exchange beliefs and illusions for the Truth , not just different beliefs and illusions .
So for me , the key is acknowledging exactly what those beliefs about myself are , so they can be processed and taken to the return department in Phase 2 and exchanged for my big , bad , abundant essence .
Again , the idea here is not to turn my " negatives " into positives , like you 're trained to do in job interviews .
Q : " What 's your biggest weakness ? " A : " Uh , I work too hard . "
Nah , none of that crap .
This is an exercise in recognizing our judgment about what is , and embracing these things we perceive about ourselves and our lives as part of the human game we 've created .
So here goes .
I appreciate my laziness and willingness to take short cuts when it suits my purposes .
I appreciate my ability to avoid serious introspection .
I appreciate my ability to spot character flaws in others .
I appreciate the way I over - think things .
I appreciate my obsessiveness .
I appreciate my carelessness .
I appreciate my lack of blog ideas and my occasional bouts of writers block .
I appreciate my insomnia and my snoring ( though maybe not as much as others ) .
I appreciate my ability to not do anything " meaningful , " and waste hours online watching Youtube and searching for naked pictures of celebrities .
I appreciate watching my bank account drain down to nothing and the great concern this causes me .
I appreciate my consternation about having no permanent residence .
I appreciate my envy of those creations that appear to have more than I do .
I appreciate my skepticism and my gullibility .
I appreciate the many doubts I have about myself and my abilities .
I appreciate that I do n't try hard enough .
I appreciate that I 'll always let you talk me into letting you pay for lunch .
I appreciate my fear -- my fear of confrontation , my fear of making mistakes , my pathological avoidance of yoga and skydiving , my fear of imposing on others , my fear of being taken advantage of , my fear of not being able to finish the job .
I appreciate the shape and weight of my body , the fitness and tone or the lack thereof , the ingrown toenail , the sore knees , the fallen arches , the bad eyesight , the pinched nerve in my shoulder .
I appreciate my lower back pain and the times when my prostate acts up .
I have gratitude for the ways in which I sabotage myself and my goals and resist the guidance of my Expanded Self .
I appreciate my amazing ability to justify or rationalize anything -- from having unprotected sex to eating Original Recipe Kentucky Fried Chicken ( two of the most hazardous things known to man . ) I appreciate how I freely give power to things outside of me .
I appreciate my ability to be authentic and phony , often at the same time .
I appreciate my ability to be honest and lie , often at the same time .
I appreciate my tendency to avoid talking about the elephant in the room , whatever it is , and then bring it up later at the most inappropriate time .
I appreciate how easily I can be talked into giving money to organizations I 've never heard of , for things I do n't really care about , and how rude and confrontational I can become over a mistake on my phone bill .
I appreciate how easily I give up some times .
I appreciate how dogged I can be about some things , especially when they 're leading to a dead end .
I have much appreciation for the amazing illusions and stories I am able to spin about romantic breakups , and the ungodly amount of suffering I was willing to submit myself to .
I appreciate how I still occasionally embrace the role of victim .
I appreciate my belief that I 've never been a good enough father , son , brother , husband , friend or boyfriend .
I appreciate my self - absorption and my total lack of concern for tsunami victims in Southeast Asia .
I appreciate my mean - spiritedness .
I appreciate my attitude of not giving a shit sometimes .
I appreciate my complete lack of interest in politics and my pity for those who believe politics can change anything .
I appreciate my super cautious nature and my willingness to take risks based on whims and / or faulty intelligence .
I appreciate the gnawing thought that my life has been a waste of time .
I appreciate that I do n't listen to my inner guidance as much as I 'd like to .
I appreciate that I have no desire to save the world .
I appreciate that I 'm probably not going to be the guy to help you move into your new apartment .
This is by no means a comprehensive list , and I do n't necessarily recommend this exercise for everyone .
But God , that felt good .
MILAN 
In a landmark ruling , an Italian judge on Wednesday convicted a base chief for the Central Intelligence Agency and 22 other Americans , almost all C.I.A. operatives , of kidnapping a Muslim cleric from the streets of Milan in 2003 .
The case was a huge symbolic victory for Italian prosecutors , who drew the first convictions involving the American practice of rendition , in which terrorism suspects are captured in one country and taken for questioning in another , often one more open to coercive interrogation techniques .
Critics of the Bush administration have long hailed the case as a repudiation of the tactics it used to fight terrorism .
And the fact that Italy would actually convict intelligence agents of an allied country was seen as a bold move that could set a precedent in other cases .
Still , the convictions may have little practical effect .
They do not seem to change the close relations between the United States and Italy .
Nor did they reveal whether the government of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi had approved the kidnapping .
And it seemed highly unlikely that anyone , Italian or American , would spend any time in prison .
Fred Thompson : The Afghan War " Has Been Lost "
Ouch .
The trouble with this sort of statement -- even though I agree with it -- is that it 's hard for even a hack like me to explain why this statement is unobjectionable while Dingy Harry 's " The war is lost " statement is noxious .
And yet :
It is .
Thompson is saying this to spur President Present into action , while Dingy Harry was urging only defeat .
" It really does n't matter how President Obama divides the Afghan baby , how he splits the difference between McChrystal and Biden .
Because the war has been lost , " Thompson said on his radio show today .
" I say this because of one sad and simple fact .
The president does not have the will and determination to do what 's necessary to win it .
His heart 's not in it , and never has been .
The Taliban knows it .
Al Qaeda knows it .
Our allies know it .
And the American people know it .
" Our enemies are now emboldened and our friends are discouraged .
We cannot prevail if the American people are not willing to make the sacrifices necessary for an extended effort .
The case has not been made to them to justify this effort .
The case can only be made by the president .
This president is unable or unwilling to make that case , " Thompson said .
I can see the spin : Even conservatives like Fred Thompson say the war is lost , so Obama of course should surrender .
* Analysts had expected several Linux models
* Symbian stays smartphone platform
* Executive says no plans to sell manufacturing plants
* Nokia shares close 1.1 percent lower
( Adds Nokia comments , updates shares )
By Tarmo Virki , European technology correspondent
HELSINKI , Nov 30 ( Reuters ) - Nokia NOK1V .HE plans to install Linux software on just one new smartphone next year , a source told Reuters on Monday , dampening prospects of a quick makeover of the Finnish group 's struggling product line - up .
The Finnish firm has started to invest more in Internet services in recent years , seeking to counter falling handset prices and increased competition in smartphones from the likes of Apple and Blackberry - maker RIM RIM .
TO .
The Linux Maemo operating system is seen as key for Nokia in its rivalry with Apple Inc's AAPL.
O iPhone , and many analysts and industry players have been expecting the firm to roll out numerous Linux models already next year .
“ This is not necessarily worrying , but they need a hit product .
It has to be a winning one and Nokia needs to continue to work on Symbian in the meantime , ” said Gartner analyst Carolina Milanesi .
Nokia started to sell its first Linux phone , the top - of - the - range N900 model , this month .
“ The potential of Linux computer operating system is in the high - end , and we have not yet fully harnessed that , ” Ari Jaaksi , head of Maemo at Nokia , told Reuters .
Nokia has used open source Linux Maemo since 2005 in its niche range of Internet tablets - sleek phone - like devices without connection to mobile networks .
“ The key lesson we have had - almost everyone asked for a phone : ai n’t there a cellular connection ? , ” Jaaksi said .
The Maemo operating system will be updated in 2010 , with full integration of Qt technology , which enables software developers to create one application for different operating systems , iPhone - like capacitive touchscreen support and a tighter integration of Nokia ’s services .
‘ FULLY COMMITTED ’ TO SYMBIAN
“ Launching just one Maemo model in the whole of 2010 need not be a problem if Nokia can develop an iPhone killer with standout design and superior usability , ” said analyst Neil Mawston from Strategy Analytics .
“ The Symbian operating system will receive some upgrades over the next 6 to 18 months , so Nokia could well choose to focus on that critical task , ” he said .
The plan for one Linux phone also dampens rumours the firm would replace the Symbian operating system in its line - up .
“ We remain firmly committed to Symbian as our smartphone platform of choice , ” said another Nokia spokesman , adding the company does not comment on future product plans .
Nokia will hold its capital markets day on Wednesday , an event at which the firm traditionally has outlined or updated its strategy for the coming one - to - two years .
[ ID : nGEE5AL0B2 ]
Nokia 's closest rival Samsung Electronics 005930 .KS gave an upbeat forecast for 2009 mobile phone sales on Monday due to sharp growth in touchscreen models , but analysts warned surging volumes may not guarantee higher margins .
[ ID : nSEO35846 ]
NO PLANS TO CLOSE PLANTS
Nokia marketing head Anssi Vanjoki said the world ’s biggest handset maker had no plans to sell its manufacturing plants , dismissing speculation sparked by his interview in the run-up to the company ’s strategy update on Wednesday .
“ Our logistics and manufacturing are an important competitive advantage , and a core part of Nokia ’s business ...
We have no plans to change this business model , ” Vanjoki said on Monday in a statement .
German magazine Wirtschaftswoche quoted Vanjoki as saying one should “ never say never ” should a sale of handset manufacturing at some point be warranted as part of Nokia ’s transformation into a services provider .
[ ID : nGEE5AR082 ]
Following the Wirtschaftswoche report , the Chinese - language , Taipei - based Economic Daily on Monday cited unidentified institutional investors as saying Hon Hai 2317 .
TW , Taiwan 's biggest electronics parts maker , would be the most likely candidate for Nokia 's handset plants .
Nokia 's shares closed 1.1 percent lower at 8.77 euros in Helsinki , slightly outperforming a 1.6 percent weaker Dow Jones Stoxx European Technology Index .
SX8P .
( Additional reporting by Brett Young in Helsinki and Kelvin Soh in Taipei ; editing by John Stonestreet and Jon Loades - Carter ) ( ( tarmo.virki@thomsonreuters.com , +358-9-680 50 235 , Reuters messaging : tarmo.virki.reuters.com@reuters.net ) )
Point guard Rajon Rondo and the Boston Celtics have reportedly agreed in principle on a five - year contract extension worth at least $ 55 million , so we broke Rondo 's salary down using his 2008 - 09 statistics .
To find out how long it takes Rajon Rondo to earn your wages ,
enter your annual salary here :
Submit
Savers have had little returns from their funds Consumer borrowing - excluding mortgages - recorded its biggest month - on - month fall since Bank of England records began in 1993 .
This adds further evidence to the likely trend of people paying off loans rather than saving more during a time of low interest rates .
Unsecured loans fell by £ 713 m in October compared with September .
But the number of mortgages approved for house purchases rose for the 11th month in a row in October .
The number of homeowners remortgaging remains subdued .
Debts repaid Borrowing on credit cards rose by £ 134 m in October compared with September , but was more than offset by the record fall of £ 713 m in other forms of consumer credit such as bank loans , loans for cars , and hire purchase agreements .
There is little incentive for people to increase savings whilst the Bank Rate remains at its current low level
Adrian Coles , BSA
It was the fourth month in a row that people repaid more than they took out in non-mortgage borrowing .
The total stock of outstanding unsecured loans stood at £ 228bn - a similar level to January 2008 .
Separate figures from the Building Societies Association ( BSA ) showed that there was a net outflow of savers ' funds for the eighth consecutive month .
" There is little incentive for people to increase savings whilst the Bank rate remains at its current low level , and many may opt to repay debt instead , " said BSA director general Adrian Coles .
" Building societies and other deposit - takers are also facing heightened competition from institutions with a government guarantee , which is creating further distortions in the savings market . "
Howard Archer , chief UK and European economist at IHS Global Insight , said : " The record , and fourth , successive net repayment in consumer credit in October is clearly the consequence of many consumers ' desire to reduce their debt , low demand for credit and a lack of availability of unsecured credit from banks . "
Mortgage lift The Bank of England data showed that mortgage approvals for house purchases rose to 57,345 in October , up by about 1,000 from the previous month and 18 % higher than a year ago .
New mortgage lending has risen steadily since the depth of the credit crisis last November , but remortgaging remains subdued - having fallen slightly again .
" Significantly , net secured lending rose by a little over £ 3bn in the three months to October compared with just £ 443 m in the previous three - month period , " said Simon Rubinsohn , chief economist at the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors .
" While this is still way down on the level of lending seen at the height of the boom in the market , it does suggest that that there is now a little more give from lenders . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A groundbreaking , $ 30 million study into cell phones has found a link between long term use and brain tumors .
The World Health Organization is about to reveal that its decade - long investigation has found the devices can lead to cancer — and the internationally - respected body will soon issue a public health message with its findings , London ’s Daily Telegraph reported today .
The conclusion goes against years of assurances by cell phone companies and scientists that cell phone use is safe .
But last month , Sen. Arlen Specter ( D – Pa ) organized Senate hearings to examine health implications of talking on - the - go .
The WHO ’s Interphone investigation ’s results showed , “ a significantly increased risk ” of some brain tumors “ related to use of mobile phones for a period of ten years or more , ” the Telegraph reported today .
The study ’s head , Dr. Elisabeth Cardis , said , “ In the absence of definitive results and in the light of a number of studies which , though limited , suggest a possible effect of radiofrequency radiation , precautions are important . ”
The project carried out studies in 13 countries , talking to tumor sufferers as well as healthy cell phone users ,
It interviewed 12,800 people .
The results will be officially published before the end of the year , according to the Telegraph .
Excerpt from Paul Mero's opening remarks at the Common Ground debate with Equality Utah :
The gloves must come off .
The fact remains that we do n't just disagree with you over the Common Ground Initiative , we disagree with you over nearly every motivating assumption that underlies the initiative .
We 're dealing here with two separate realities : one truth , one illusion .
The intellectual , legal and moral chasm between the two sides is so great that true common ground is nearly impossible to achieve .
And so , for my part anyway , I 'm here to argue that the Equality Utah version of reality is an illusion .
The CGI bills constantly refer to sexual orientation .
Sexual orientation is an illusion .
It only exists in the minds of activists , and their academics , who need to explain away why people do what they do even when they do n't want to do it .
There are no replicable scientific or medical studies about that issue of sexual orientation that exist .
Never mind that the only way it can be identified is through sexual behavior .
There 's no reasonable argument to be made that subjective feelings or attractions toward another human being means anything deeper than what it actually is .
The truth is that we are born male and female with moral agency .
Because it 's behavior , our sexuality is always a choice , and any other sexual construct is an illusion .
Your idea of rights is an illusion .
With the backing of every miserable misanthropic philosopher of the post - Enlightenment era , your initiative feeds on the unreasonable notion that you have these magically organic rights to do whatever you desire .
These rights are usually couched in terms of equality , but because you constantly confuse what you do for who you are , your equality is illusory .
You think your equality is about who you are , when it 's really only about what you do .
In terms of human behavior , there 's no equality as you try to imagine .
Posted on October 26 , 2009 in Political Cartoons
See Also : The Taxpayers Money , Goldman Sachs Record Bonuses , Marginal benefits , Too - Big - To - Fail Resolution : Why One Size Ca n’t Fit All , Mister , we could use somebody ( somewhat ) like Andrew Jackson again , Time To End “ Too Big To Fail ” , The Pay Czar ’s Pay Cut Ruling : The Hype , the Hoax , Outrageous Compensation and Bonuses , The Wall Street Oligopoly Rails on Compensation Controls , and The Wall Street Economic Death Squad .
[ tags ] goldman sachs , gold man sachs , bailout , the american worker , godlman sachs salutes the american worker , thanks for the bailout , cartoon , political cartoon , comic [ / tags ]
OK , we ’re loading the van , preparing for the Morristown Armory Antiques
Show this coming weekend , when Lia ( my wife ) calls me in the office and says “ You ’ve got to come down right away and see this ! ” .
So I go downstairs to the driveway and guess what ?
Lia and Bill ( my employee ) are feeding five wild turkeys .
I ’ve lived on Long Island for over 30 years and I ’ve never even seen one wild turkey , let alone five , so imagine my surprise !
Nassau County is on Long Island and does n’t have many wild animals .
I ’ve seen rabbits , raccoons , fox , one owl , various small birds and once a very large bird — a blue heron , but no deer or other large mammals .
What is the meaning of their timing ?
Were they offering themselves for Thanksgiving dinner ?
We made a lot of jokes , but there ’s no way I could do it .
Thanksgiving is my favorite holiday of the year .
It ’s a wonderful time to get together with family and friends and actually be thankful for all of our blessings .
At this time of year , let us be especially thankful to all of our brave young men and women in the military who are in harm ’s way around the world .
May they all come home safely and soon !
Please send me your suggestions or questions about art glass , lamps , Louis Icart , shows , auctions , etc .
If it ’s interesting , I ’ll answer your question in a future blog entry .
Call or write and let me know what you would like to buy , sell , or trade .
philchasen@gmail.com or 516-922-2090 .
And please visit my website .
chasenantiques.com
Dublin was brought to a standstill today as up to 70,000 people took to the streets as part of a national day of protest .
The Irish Congress of Trade Unions ( ICTU ) organized eight rallies across Ireland to protest against the $ 4bn in public cuts expected in the Irish budget on December 9 .
The rallies took place in Dublin , Cork , Galway , Limerick , Waterford , Sligo , Tullamore and Dundalk with Dublin by far the largest .
ICTU leader David Begg said a " more gentle way " was needed to narrow the fiscal deficit to 3 percent by 2013 .
He slammed the planned cuts as " economic madness , " and said they would stall any economic recovery and send the country " into a prolonged coma . "
Jack O'Connor , the president of the services trade union Siptu blasted the Government for targeting the ordinary people of Ireland over the rich .
“ We will not go away , we will not roll over , we will not surrender regardless of what they do , ” he said .
" We insist the people at the top of society pay their contribution and that is the only solution to this particular issue . ”
The Dublin Fire Brigade took part in the protest and chairman John Kidd said the government had been " extremely unfair with the ordinary workers . "
" We have never benefited from the ' Celtic Tiger ' , " he said .
" We are asking the government for a fairer society . "
Kidd is one of the roughly 100,000 emergency workers who will next week vote on a 24 - hour strike on November 24 .
The huge numbers at the rallies today will boost the hopes of union organizers who are planning the national strike .
The former undisputed heavyweight champion of the world has a lot to say .
Certainly one of the most quotable athletes in recent memory , the Sifter reflects on the musings of Mike Tyson .
Below you will find a small collection of motivational quotes to inspire , compel and educate .
Follow Tyson ’s guiding principles and you too could be champion of the world …
Mike Tyson Motivational Quotes
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A T - shirt a day has kept unemployment at bay for an American man who is making about $ 85,000 a year by selling advertising space on his torso .
Jason Sadler , 26 , a former marketing professional from Florida , founded his own company , www.iwearyourshirt.com, in 2008 with the idea to wear a T - shirt supplied by any company and then use social media tools to promote the firm .
For his human billboard service , Sadler charges the “ face value ” of the day so January 1 costs $ 1 , while December 31 costs $ 365 .
Sadler said this may not sound like a lot but it adds up to $ 66,795 a year if he sells out every day , which he did this year .
He also sells monthly sponsorships for $ 1,500 , adding another $ 18,000 to his income .
“ I walk around , take photos , wear the shirt all day ... I blog about those photos , I put ‘em up on Twitter , I change my Facebook profile ... and then I do a Youtube video , ” he told Reuters Television .
“ I made about $ 83,000 this year . ”
The average U.S. wage is about $ 615 a week or about $ 32,000 a year , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Sadler has already begun filling his 2010 calendar so , in true entrepreneurial fashion , he is expanding services by hiring another individual to wear a shirt a day on the west coast of the United States -- and is doubling his price .
The Man Who Predicted the Depression Ludwig von Mises explained how government - induced credit expansions led to imbalances in the economy .
Is This It was critically acclaimed when it was released in 2001 The Strokes ' debut album Is This It has been named the best album of the decade by music magazine NME .
The Libertines ' 2002 debut
Up the Bracket was voted second in the list of the top 50 albums , with Primal Scream 's XTRMNTR coming in third .
Bands such as Radiohead and Arctic Monkeys , plus record producers and label bosses were among those who cast their votes .
Guitar - led rock acts dominated the list with nine out of the top 10 places .
Is This It , with its lo-fi scratchy guitars and hits like Last Nite and Someday , was one of the most acclaimed albums of the year when it was released in 2001 .
Its infamous cover shows a hand in a black vinyl glove resting on a woman 's naked thigh - thought by many to be a reference to Spinal Tap 's fictitious Smell The Glove album .
' Definitive word ' The Strokes ' frontman Julian Casablancas said of his band 's top position : " It 's totally crazy !
I thought it was great when I heard .
TOP 10 ALBUMS OF THE DECADE 1 .
The Strokes - Is This It 2 . The Libertines - Up The Bracket 3 . Primal Scream - XTRMNTR
4 . Arctic Monkeys - Whatever People Say I Am , That 's What I 'm Not 5 . Yeah Yeah Yeahs - Fever To Tell 6 . PJ Harvey - Stories From The City , Stories From The Sea 7 .
Arcade Fire - Funeral 8 . Interpol - Turn On The Bright Lights 9 . The Streets - Original Pirate Material 10 .
Radiohead -
In Rainbows " But does it mean it 's a good musical decade or a bad musical decade ?
I do n't know , I 'm such a bad judge of my own stuff .
" Recording the album was fun .
It was stressing , it was exciting .
I do n't want to get carried away , but I 'm pretty damn psyched with myself , " he added .
The year 2002 is the most well - represented in the list with eight albums , including releases by Interpol , The Streets and Queens of the Stone Age .
NME Editor Krissi Murison said : " This is the definitive word on the greatest albums of the 00s - as voted for by everyone who helped make music brilliant this decade .
"
The full top 50 can be seen in this week 's issue of the magazine .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Industry
With daylight savings time ending today , I thought this was a good time for a post .
How to handle time is one of those tricky issues where it is all too easy to get it wrong .
So let 's dive in .
( Note : We learned these lessons when implementing the scheduling system in Windward Reports . )
First off , using UTC ( also known as Greenwich Mean Time ) is many times not the correct solution .
Yet many programmers think if they store everything that way , then they have it covered .
( This mistake is why several years ago when Congress changed the start of DST in the U.S. you had to run a hotfix on Outlook for it to adjust reoccurring events . )
So let 's start with the key question – what do we mean by time ?
When a user says they want something to run at 7:00 am , what do they mean ?
In most cases they mean 7:00 am where they are located – but not always .
In some cases , to accurately compare say web server statistics , they want each " day " to end at the same time , unadjusted for DST .
At the other end , someone who takes medicine at certain times of the day and has that set in their calendar , will want that to always be on local time so a 3:00 pm event is not 3:00 am when they have travelled half way around the world .
So we have three main use cases here ( there are some others , but they can generally be handled by the following ) :
The same absolute ( for lack of a better word ) time .
The time in a given time zone , shifting when DST goes on / off ( including double DST which occurs in some regions ) .
The local time .
The first is trivial to handle – you set it as UTC .
By doing this every day of the year will have 24 hours .
( Interesting note , UTC only matches the time in Greenwich during standard time .
When it is DST there , Greenwich and UTC are not identical . )
The second requires storing a time and a time zone .
However , the time zone is the geographical zone , not the present offset ( offset is the difference with UTC ) .
In other words , you store " Mountain Time , " not " Mountain Standard Time " or " Mountain Daylight Savings Time . "
So 7:00 am in " Mountain Time " will be 7:00 am in Colorado regardless of the time of year .
The third is similar to the second in that it has a time zone called " Local Time . "
However , it requires knowing what time zone it is in in order to determine when it occurs .
Outlook now has a means to handle this .
And you can now set the time zone for each event .
When I have business trips I use this including my flight times departing in one zone and arriving in another .
Outlook displays everything in the local timezone and adjusts when that changes .
The iPhone on the other hand has no idea this is going on and has everything off when I 'm on a trip that is in another timezone ( and when you live in Colorado , almost every trip is to another timezone ) .
Putting it to use
Ok , so how do you handle this ?
It 's actually pretty simple .
Every time needs to be stored one of two ways :
As UTC .
Generally when stored as UTC , you will still set / display it in local time .
As a datetime plus a geographical timezone ( which can be " local time " ) .
Now the trick is knowing which to use .
Here are some general rules .
You will need to figure this out for additional use cases , but most do fall in to these categories .
When something happened – UTC .
This is a singular event and regardless of how the user wants it displayed , when it occurred is unchangeable .
When the user selects a timezone of UTC – UTC .
An event in the future where the user wants it to occur in a timezone – datetime plus a timezone .
Now it might be safe to use UTC if it will occur in the next several months ( changing timezones generally have that much warning - although sometimes it 's just 8 days ) , but at some point out you need to do this , so you should do it for all cases .
In this case you display what you stored .
For a scheduled event , when it will next happen – UTC .
This is a performance requirement where you want to be able to get all " next events " where their runtime is before now .
Much faster to search against dates than recalculate each one .
However , this does need to recalculate all scheduled events regularly in case the rules have changed for an event that runs every quarter .
For events that are on " local time " the recalculation should occur anytime the user 's timezone changes .
And if an event is skipped in the change , it needs to occur immediately .
. NET DateTime
Diving in to .NET , this means we need to be able to get two things which the standard library does not provide :
Create a DateTime in any timezone ( DateTime only supports your local timezone and UTC ) .
For a given Date , Time , and geographical timezone , get the UTC time .
This needs to adjust based on the DST rules for that zone on that date .
Fortunately there 's a solution to this .
We have open sourced out extensions to the DateTime timezone functionality .
This uses registry settings in Windows to perform all calculations for each zone and therefore should remain up to date .
Browser pain
The one thing we have not figured out is how to know a user 's location if they are using a browser to hit our web application .
For most countries the locale can be used to determine the timezone – but not for the U.S. ( 6 zones ) , Canada , or Russia ( 11 zones ) .
So you have to ask a user to set their timezone – and to change it when they travel .
If anyone knows of a solution to this , please let me know .
Update : I received the following from Justin Bonnar ( thank you ) :
< input id =" timezone_offset " type =" hidden " name =" timezone_offset " value= " " >
< script type =" text / javascript " >
document.getElementById('timezone_offset').value = new Date().getTimezoneOffset ( ) ;
</script >
Using that plus the suggestion of the geo location for the IP address mentioned below will get you close .
But it 's not 100 % .
The time offset does not tell you if you for example if you are in Arizona ( they & Hawaii do not observer daylight savings time ) vs Pacific / Mountain ( depending on DST ) time zone .
You also depend on javascript being on although that is true for 99 % of the users out there today .
The geo location based on IP address is also iffy .
I was at a hotel in D.C. when I got a report of our demo download form having a problem .
We pre-populate the form with city , state , & country based on the geo of the IP address .
It said I was in Cleveland , OH .
So again , usually right but not always .
My take is we can use the offset , and for cases where there are multiple timezones with that offset ( on that given day ) , follow up with the geo of the IP address .
But I sure wish the powers that be would add a tz= to the header info sent with an HTML request .
Did I miss anything ?
If I missed an interesting use case , please let me know .
Comments as always are very welcome .
What every developer should know series :
‍
#!/usr/bin/env python " " " worker.py : Executes inline code across multiple execution contexts .
The inline code to be executed is contained in a generator , which contains a `yield` statement to signal each context change .
A decorator added to the generator function wraps the returned generator in the executor when the generator function is called .
Calling the returned executor iterates the generator to completion , handling the context switching at each `yield` .
The executor and generator can communicate values through the `yield` statements and `send ( ) ` method of the generator .
An example is provided of an executor which executes alternate iterations of a generator asynchronously ( in a ` Thread` ) and synchronously ( in an event loop ) .
References : http://code.activestate.com/recipes/576952/ [ inline asynchronous code ] " " " import threading from sys import exc_info from traceback import print_exc from functools import partial , wraps from Queue import Queue , Empty if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : import optparse from time import sleep __version__ = '$ Revision : 2539 $ ' . split ( ) [ 1 ] __usage__ = ' usage : % prog [ options ] ' def execute ( exec_factory , * exargs , ** exkeys ) : " " " Wrap a returned generator in an executor .
The returned executor can then be called to iterate the generator to completion .
The executor should also implement the signature of the returned generator .
The `exec_factory` argument is a callable ( such as a class or function ) which takes a generator as its first argument and returns a callable executor .
Generator functions decorated with `execute` can be passed arguments in three different places : * in the decorator ( `exargs` and `exkeys` ) ; these arguments are passed to `exec_factory` when the executor is instantiated ; * in the call to the wrapped generator function ; these arguments are passed unchanged when instantiating the generator ; and * in the call to the executor returned by the wrapped generator function . " " " def exec_wrapper ( generator ) : @wraps ( generator ) def work_factory ( * genargs , ** genkeys ) : work_iter = generator ( * genargs , ** genkeys ) return exec_factory ( work_iter , * exargs , ** exkeys ) return work_factory return exec_wrapper class Executor : " " " A skeletal base class for executors .
Delegates to the enclosed generator so as not to change the signature .
Subclasses must implement the `_execute ( ) ` method . " " " def __init__ ( self , generator , exc_handler = print_exc ) : " " " Construct an executor .
If `exc_handler` is not ` None` and any method of the generator raises an exception other than `StopIteration` , `exc_handler` will be called ; otherwise , exceptions ( including ` StopIteration` ) are reraised to the caller .
Thus , an implementation of Executor can call the exception handler by calling `self.throw(*sys.exc_info( ) ) ` ; the exception will be handled by the generator , handled by the exception handler ( if any ) , or thrown back to the caller . " " " self .
__generator = generator self .
__executing =
False self .
__exc_handler = exc_handler self .
__throw = generator .
throw self .
__send = generator .
send self .
__next = generator .
next self .
__close = generator .
close def __iter__ ( self ) : return self def __call_gen ( self , method , * args , ** keys ) : " " " If the generator exits , discard it and call `_handle_exit ( ) ` . " " " if not self .
stopped ( ) : try : return method ( * args , ** keys ) except StopIteration : return self .
_handle_exit ( True ) except : return self .
_handle_exit ( False ) elif self .
__exc_handler is None : raise StopIteration ( ) else : return
None def __call__ ( self , * args , ** keys ) : " " " Start the executor .
May only be called once per executor .
Returns the excutor , as a convenience for chained calls .
Subclasses should not override this method , but should implement the `_execute ( ) ` method to iterate the generator to completion , changing contexts as appropriate at each `yield` statement .
If the `exc_handler` key is present , it will be removed and will override the default exception handler . " " " if not self .
__executing : self .
__executing =
True exc_handler = keys .
pop ( ' exc_handler ' , None ) if exc_handler is not None : self .
__exc_handler = exc_handler try : self .
_execute ( * args , ** keys ) except : self . throw ( * exc_info ( ) ) else : raise ValueError ( " executor already executing . " if self .
__generator else " executor already complete . " ) return self def _execute ( self ) : " " " Start the executor .
Subclasses must implement the `_execute ( ) ` method to iterate the generator to completion , changing contexts as appropriate at each `yield` statement . " " " raise NotImplementedError , " _execute ( ) must be implemented in subclass " def _handle_exit ( self , isStop = False ) : " " " Handle a generator exit .
Discards the generator , so that generator exit can be checked by calling `stopped ( ) ` , rather than wrapping every call to the generator in a `try ... except` clause .
Calls `exc_handler` if the generator raises an exception other than `StopIteration` ; reraises exceptions ( including ` StopIteration` ) if `exc_handler` is None.
`isStop` is ` True` if the generator raised ` StopIteration` . " " " self .
__generator =
None if not self .
__exc_handler : raise elif not isStop : self .
__exc_handler ( ) return
None def stopped ( self ) : " " " Check whether the generator has exited . " " " return self .
__generator is
None def throw ( self , * args , ** keys ) : " " " If the generator exits , discard it and call `_handle_exit ( ) ` . " " " return self .
__call_gen ( self .
__throw , * args , ** keys ) def close ( self ) : " " " If the generator exits , discard it and call `_handle_exit ( ) ` . " " " return self .
__call_gen ( self .
__close ) def next ( self ) : " " " If the generator exits , discard it and call `_handle_exit ( ) ` . " " " return self .
__call_gen ( self .
__next ) def send ( self , value ) : " " " If the generator exits , discard it and call `_handle_exit ( ) ` . " " " return self .
__call_gen ( self .
__send , value ) class ThreadExecutor ( Executor ) : " " " Executes alternate iterations asynchonously and synchronously .
Asynchronous iterations are executed in a separate thread ; synchronous iterations are executed through a callable , which usually queues into an event queue . " " " def __init__ ( self , generator , synchronizer , exc_handler = print_exc ) : " " " Construct a threaded executor .
`synchronizer` is a callable which executes a callable passed to it in the synchronous context , usually by queueing the passed callable in an event dispatch queue . " " " self .
__synchronizer = synchronizer Executor .
__init__ ( self , generator , exc_handler ) def _execute ( self ) : " " " Check for exit , iterate once in a separate thread , and call `__finish ( ) ` . " " " if not self .
stopped ( ) : try : threading .
Thread ( target = lambda :( self .
next ( ) , self . __finish ( ) ) ) . start ( ) except : self . throw ( * exc_info ( ) ) def __finish ( self ) : " " " Check for exit , iterate once in the synchronous context , and call `self ( ) ` . " " " if not self .
stopped ( ) : try : self .
__synchronizer ( lambda :( self .
next ( ) , self .
_execute ( ) ) ) except : self . throw ( * exc_info ( ) ) class GeneratorWrapper ( Executor ) : " " " An executor which turns a generator into a callable . " " " def __init__ ( self , generator , iterate_once = False , exc_handler = None ) : " " " If `iterate_once` is ` True` , the generator is iterated once ( by calling `next ( ) ` ) immediately after construction , in order to be able to pass the parameters of the first `__call__ ( ) ` to the generator by calling `send ( ) ` .
Any yielded value is discarded .
Note that if the first `__call__ ( ) ` passes no arguments or a single ` None` , the first iteration will succeed , and the generator need not be iterated once to initialize it .
Note also that the default exception handler for a wrapper is ` None` , so that exceptions are raised to the caller of `__call__ ( ) ` . " " " Executor .
__init__ ( self , generator , exc_handler ) if iterate_once : generator .
next ( ) def __call__ ( self , * args , ** keys ) : " " " Iterate the generator .
Packages the parameters in the most reasonable fashion , calls `next ( ) ` or `send ( ) ` , and returns the yielded value .
Overrides `__call__ ( ) ` rather than `_execute ( ) ` , because it does n't iterate to completion . " " " if not keys : if not args : return self .
next ( ) elif len ( args ) == 1 : return self .
send ( args [ 0 ] ) else : return self .
send ( args ) else : if not args : return self .
send ( keys ) else : return self .
send ( ( args , keys ) ) class QueuedGeneratorWrapper : " " " Call `task_done ( ) ` on a ` Queue` when the generator terminates . " " " def __init__ ( self , generator , queue ) : self .
__generator = generator self .
__queue = queue def __call_gen ( self , method , * args , ** keys ) : if self .
__generator is not None : try : return method ( * args , ** keys ) except : self .
__generator =
None self .
__queue .
task_done ( ) raise else : raise StopIteration ( ) def __getattr__ ( self , attr ) : " " " Delegate to the generator . " " " if self .
__generator is None : raise AttributeError ( " no generator in QueuedGeneratorWrapper " ) else : attr = getattr ( self .
__generator , attr ) return partial ( QueuedGeneratorWrapper .
__call_gen , self , attr ) if callable ( attr ) else attr class ExecutionQueue ( Queue ) : " " " A queue of Executors which are dequeued and executed in sequence .
An instance of this class can be passed to the `@execute` decorator , followed by the executor factory and its arguments that will be used to execute the decorated generator function .
When the executors returned by the decorated generator functions are called , they will be queued for execution rather than executing immediately . " " " def __init__ ( self , * qargs , ** qkeys ) : " " " Construct an execution queue .
`qargs` and `qkeys` are passed to the underlying ` Queue` object . " " " Queue .
__init__ ( self , * qargs , ** qkeys ) self .
__current_exec =
None self .
__exec_mutex = threading .
Lock ( ) def __call__ ( self , generator , exec_class , * exargs , ** exkeys ) : " " " Create an executor and return a function which will queue it .
Wrap the generator in an object which starts the next queued executor when it exits . " " " executor = exec_class ( QueuedGeneratorWrapper ( generator , self ) , * exargs , ** exkeys ) return lambda * args , ** keys : self .
put_nowait ( ( executor , args , keys ) ) def task_done ( self ) : " " " Start up the next task in the queue as each one completes . " " "
Queue .
task_done ( self ) self .
__next ( isRunning = True ) def put ( self , item , * args , ** kwargs ) : " " " Queue an executor , along with its arguments .
Start executing the queue if this is the first entry . " " "
Queue .
put ( self , item , * args , ** kwargs ) self .
__next ( ) def flush ( self ) : " " " Empty the execution queue and then close the current executor .
Calls `close ( ) ` on all executors in the queue ( after calling `next ( ) ` to initialize them ) as well as the running executor .
Executors should clean up when `close ( ) ` is called , and the associated generators must catch the resulting `GeneratorExit` exception and clean up . " " " self .
__exec_mutex . acquire ( ) try : while True : #
Empty the execution queue , closing all queued generators qexec , args , keys = self .
get_nowait ( ) qexec .
next ( ) qexec .
close ( ) except Empty : #
Close the current executor ; the executor is responsible for cleanup .
if self .
__current_exec is not None : self .
__current_exec . close ( ) self .
__current_exec =
None finally : self .
__exec_mutex .
release ( ) def executing ( self ) : self .
__exec_mutex . acquire ( ) try : return self .
__current_exec is not None finally : self .
__exec_mutex .
release ( ) def __next ( self , isRunning = False ) : " " " Dequeue and start the next executor .
`isRunning` is checked against the current execution status before dequeuing and starting the next executor . " " " self .
__exec_mutex . acquire ( ) if isRunning != ( self .
__current_exec is None ) : try : self .
__current_exec , args , keys = self .
get_nowait ( ) except Empty : self .
__current_exec =
None return finally : self .
__exec_mutex .
release ( ) self .
__current_exec ( * args , ** keys ) else : self .
__exec_mutex . release ( ) if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : optparser = optparse .
OptionParser ( usage = __usage__ , version = __version__ ) optparser . disable_interspersed_args ( ) optparser .
add_option ( '- - workers ' , type = ' int ' , metavar = ' N ' , default = 4 , help = ' Number of workers to create [ %d efault ] ' ) optparser .
add_option ( ' - - loops ' , type = ' int ' , metavar = ' N ' , default = 2 , help =
' Number of times to iterate each worker [ %d efault ] ' ) optparser .
add_option ( ' - - looptime ' , type = ' float ' , metavar = ' SECONDS ' , default = 0.5 , help = ' Timeout for event loop [ %d efault sec ] ' ) optparser .
add_option ( ' - - worktime ' , type = ' float ' , metavar = ' SECONDS ' , default = 2.0 , help =
' Worker delay to simulate work [ %d efault sec ] ' ) ( options , args ) = optparser .
parse_args ( ) printLock = threading .
Lock ( ) eventq = Queue ( ) execq = ExecutionQueue ( ) def printThread ( name , action ) : printLock . acquire ( ) print " %s loop %s in %s of %d threads " % ( name , action , threading .
currentThread ( ) . getName ( ) , threading . activeCount ( ) ) printLock .
release ( ) def loop ( looptime = 0.5 ) : " " " A simple event queue loop . " " " while threading .
activeCount ( ) > 1 or not eventq . empty ( ) : try : next = eventq .
get ( timeout = looptime ) printThread ( " Event " , " executing event " ) if callable ( next ) : next ( ) except Empty : printThread ( " Event " , " running " ) @execute ( execq , ThreadExecutor , eventq .
put , exc_handler = None ) def work ( wnum , loops = 2 , worktime = 2.0 ) : for count in range ( loops ) : # Work performed in separate thread printThread ( " Worker %d loop %d " % ( wnum + 1 , count + 1 ) , " starting " ) sleep ( worktime ) printThread ( " Worker %d loop %d " % ( wnum + 1 , count + 1 ) , " ending " ) yield True #
Work performed in event queue printThread ( " Worker %d loop %d " % ( wnum + 1 , count + 1 ) , " finishing " ) yield True # Create and queue the workers , and then loop the event queue for x in range ( options .
workers ) : work ( x , loops = options .
loops , worktime = options .
worktime ) ( exc_handler = print_exc ) loop ( looptime = options .
looptime )
You 've probably read the horror stories about sexting that are popping up all over the news , but what exactly is sexting ?
Is it something I should worry about as a parent ?
Who 's actually sexting ?
Is it really a problem ?
Do n't worry , we 'll help you learn everything you need to know about sexting slang .
Recent studies claim that as much as 39 % of teens and 59 % of young adults have sexted at least once .
Sexting is defined as the act of sending sexually explicit messages or images between cell phones .
It 's the modern equivalent of what we older people used to call phone sex .
Sexting is a combination of the words " sex " and " texting " and originated in the early 2000's as people became equipped with camera phones .
Unlike phone sex however , sexting leaves very little to the imagination .
Sexting is a natural progression among couples .
It can be fun and playful - but it can also have consequences for teens .
If you suspect your teen is sexting , you should talk to them about the dangers of sending out pictures .
In most states , teens caught with " sexting pictures " on their phones can actually be charged with possession of child porn - even if they themselves are under 18 , and sometimes even if the images are of themselves .
It 's also a good idea to remind your teen that those images can be permanent .
It may seem fun and risky to send sexy pictures to a current boyfriend , but what happens if the relationship ends ?
Can that person really be trusted not to do anything with those images ?
It 's not a chance your teen should take .
Common Sexting Slang Terms
By Leo Babauta
There ’s a part of today ’s consumerist world that drives us to want more , buy more , act on our impulses , hoard , spend to solve our problems , create comfort through shopping , seek thrills through travel , do more , be more .
What would happen if we broke from our addiction to wanting and buying more ?
What would life be like if we did n’t need all that ?
Imagine a life where we could enjoy simple , free pleasures like going for a walk in nature , meditating , reading a book , writing .
By buying less we ’d have less debt , less clutter , less to take care of .
We ’d need smaller houses , less storage .
Perhaps we could even work less to support all this buying , unless the work were something we loved to do .
Now , I ’m not saying we can free ourselves of all desire .
I ’ve certainly not learned to do that yet .
But what if we could recognize our wants , and not be driven by them ?
What if we could let go of them when they are not helpful , and instead be happy with what we have ?
I ’m exploring this myself .
I ’ll share some things that work for me , with the acknowledgement that I ’m still learning , I still fail at this all the time .
I have a lot to learn , but here ’s what I ’ve learned so far :
Recognize when you have an impulse to buy , a desire to do what other people are doing , a need to solve problems or create a certain life by buying things .
Learn to see this impulse , and say , “ Ah , I have an urge to buy ! ” Just see it .
, a desire to do what other people are doing , a need to solve problems or create a certain life by buying things .
Learn to see this impulse , and say , “ Ah , I have an urge to buy ! ” Just see it .
Recognize that the impulse is n’t a command , just a feeling that arises like any other , just temporary , like a passing cloud .
Watch it , feel it , stay with it , but know that it will pass .
, just a feeling that arises like any other , just temporary , like a passing cloud .
Watch it , feel it , stay with it , but know that it will pass .
Set a limit to your stuff .
I am experimenting with a limit of only having clothes that fit in one bag , but you might set an temporary limit of 33 personal things , one drawerful of clothes , etc .
This limit is n’t to feel restricted , but to give you pause before you buy something , to remind you that you already have enough .
.
I am experimenting with a limit of only having clothes that fit in one bag , but you might set an temporary limit of 33 personal things , one drawerful of clothes , etc .
This limit is n’t to feel restricted , but to give you pause before you buy something , to remind you that you already have enough .
See this moment as enough .
A desire to buy , to experience what others are experiencing , to do more … these all stem from the idea that the present is n’t enough somehow .
We are n’t satisfied with what we are , what we have , what is in front of us … we want more .
But I ’ve been practicing with the idea that the current moment is already enough .
I ’m already good enough .
There does n’t need to be more .
When I have an impulse to buy or do more , I think about what ’s in front of me , and I try to understand that it ’s enough as it is .
.
A desire to buy , to experience what others are experiencing , to do more … these all stem from the idea that the present is n’t enough somehow .
We are n’t satisfied with what we are , what we have , what is in front of us … we want more .
But I ’ve been practicing with the idea that the current moment is already enough .
I ’m already good enough .
There does n’t need to be more .
When I have an impulse to buy or do more , I think about what ’s in front of me , and I try to understand that it ’s enough as it is .
Enjoy simple things .
There is already enough in front of us , right now , that we do n’t need more .
We can go for a walk , sit and read a book , do some pushups or yoga , sketch or write or play some music , have a conversation with someone , or do nothing and see what that ’s like .
We can walk barefoot on grass , drink a cup of tea , create something new , learn about something new , be curious about the life that ’s in front of us .
This is delightful , without needing to buy more or get more .
Finally , recognize that it ’s an ongoing practice .
In my experience , you do n’t just get rid of desires and then you ’re done .
You let go of one , turn to the present moment , appreciate it , find satisfaction in what there already is … and then a little while later , another desire arises .
It comes from advertising , websites , magazines , seeing what other people are doing on social media , watching the news , talking to people , walking past a cool store , seeing a new bag that your friend just bought , etc .
The desires will keep coming back , but we can develop the skill of recognizing them , letting them go , being happy with the enough - ness of now .
After you 've gotten your Dubai fill , take a break and check out the situation in Greece .
Here 's the Telegraph from earlier this week :
When the European Central Bank 's Jean - Claude Trichet said last week that certain sinners on the edges of the eurozone were " very close to losing their credibility " , everybody knew he meant Greece .
The interest spread between 10 - year Greek bonds and German bunds has jumped to 178 basis points .
Greek debt has decoupled from Italian debt .
Athens can no longer hide behind others in EMU 's soft South .
" As far as the bond vigilantes are concerned , the Bat - Signal is up for Greece , " said Francesco Garzarelli in a Goldman Sachs client note , Tremors at the EMU Periphery .
The newly - elected Hellenic Socialists ( PASOK ) of George Papandreou confess that the budget deficit will be more than 12 pc of GDP this year , four times the original claim of the last lot .
After campaigning on extra spending , it will have to do the exact opposite .
" We need to save the country from bankruptcy , " he said .
Good luck .
Communist - led shipyard workers have already clashed violently with police .
Some 200 anarchists were arrested in Athens last week after they torched streets of cars in a tear gas battle .
Read the whole thing >
New ScienceWise website
This website is an archive of ScienceWise Magazine issues and its content is longer being updated .
Please visit our new ScienceWise website for the latest articles .
ScienceWise - Jul / Aug 2009
The Holographic Neurone Stimulator
Dr. Vincent Daria , Dr. Christian Stricker and Professor Hans Bachor with the prototype Holographic Neurone Stimulator
The Holographic Neurone Stimulator uses localised light pulses to stimulate points on living neurones in real time .
When physics and biology combine
For some time neuroscientists have been using microscopic electrodes to excite nerve cells in order to study their response to various stimulation patterns and to unravel the secrets of how nerves process information .
However , inserting an electrode into a dendrite only a few µm thick is a very difficult task .
Doubly so if you require multiple points to be stimulated at the same time .
This approach is also slow and painstaking so you can’t really select and excite a sequence of contact points anywhere near as fast as it happens in living neural networks .
This reliance on electrodes has posed some limitations on the types of experiments neurobiologists have been able to conduct .
However , two neurobiologists , Dr. Christian Stricker and Prof. Steve Redman of the John Curtin School of Medical Research , have recently achieved a breakthrough in this area in a collaborative project with physicists at the ANU Department of Quantum Science .
“ We were looking for a system that could generate real time images of living neurones in three spatial dimensions and then stimulate those neurones at several specific points . ”
Dr Stricker explains .
“ So we approached physicists Professor Hans Bachor and Dr. Vincent Daria to explore what we might be able to achieve collaboratively . ”
As often happens with collaborations , experts from diverse fields were able to pool their expertise and create a system that none of them could have built individually .
The result was a new tool in neuroscience which the team have christened the Holographic Neuron Stimulator .
The Holographic Neuron Stimulator works by immersing a sample of living neurones in a solution containing neurotransmitters - a class of molecules that stimulate neuronal firing .
Of course if the cells were simply bathed in active neurotransmitters they would fire constantly .
So scientists have adapted a “ caged ” neurotransmitter molecule such that it only becomes active ( or “ uncaged ” ) in the presence of a strong light field .
In order for the system to work effectively , the triggering light has to be highly localised at selected points in space .
The team decided that the best way to achieve this was to use a holographic projection technique .
A normal photographic hologram is a combination of dense and transparent regions in a photographic emulsion that do n’t outwardly look like anything recognisable .
But when illuminated by a broad plane coherent wave , such as that produced by an expanded laser beam , the dense and transparent regions in the hologram project an interference pattern that mimics an object in 3 dimensional space .
In conventional holography , the hologram is recorded on a photographic plate using the reverse process – laser illumination of a real object and interference with a second beam .
Although many holograms are recorded in this photographic way , it ’s quite possible to calculate the holographic pattern of an object using optical theory alone .
Such pre-calculated holographic patterns are commonly called Computer Generated Holograms ( CGH ) .
A programmable electronic light modulator can be encoded with such a CGH , and project a complex three dimensional light pattern from a single laser .
The projected light pattern from the hologram can be in the form of tiny spots of light , which could in principle be used to create bright spots within sections of neural tissue .
If that tissue were surrounded by an inactive “ caged ” neurotransmitter solution , the holographically projected bright spots would release ( or uncage ) the transmitters at various points in the sample .
If those points were made to correspond with the location of a nerve cell membrane , the result would be to stimulate the cell and potentially initiate a nerve impulse .
This is precisely what the Holographic Neuron Stimulator does .
Using a programmable hologram to alter the shape of the laser beam and a powerful computer , the machine creates a series of patterns of spots in precisely determined locations for stimulating various sections in a neuron .
This is more versatile than using a simple mask or lens .
Another advantage is that it can be changed in real time allowing the light spots to be switched and moved every few milliseconds .
In this way scientists can stimulate several points on the same neurone either simultaneously or in a set temporal sequence .
A significant challenge with any optical neurone stimulating system is correlating your light spots with features on the actual neurones in the sample .
The Holographic Neuron Stimulator achieves this by using the same holographic technique to create a special kind of microscope known as multi-photon fluorescence microscope or MFM .
An MFM works by using a femtosecond - pulse laser to excite natural molecules in the sample into fluorescence .
The simplest kind of fluorescence is when a molecule absorbs a highly energetic photon and re-emits a less energetic one .
This is commonly seen when things glow under ultraviolet light .
This is n’t very useful in microscopy as it would cause the entire sample to absorb light and glow at once .
So the fluorescence event employed by a MFM is the absorption of two or more low - energy infrared photons to excite one molecule , which then emits in the visible spectrum .
Because of quantum rules , in order to raise the energy in two jumps , both photons must be absorbed by the molecule at exactly the same time .
Hence , to increase the probability of simultaneous multi-photon absorption , the density of photons at an instant of time needs to be very high , which can only be achieved in a strongly focussed pulsed - laser with pulse - width in the order of several femtoseconds ( 10 - 15 s. )
Prior to using the Holographic Neuron stimulator to excite impulses , a 3D image of the neuron sample is created by switching the system to MFM mode .
By raster scanning the femtosecond - pulse laser beam across the sample very quickly , a beautiful crisp three dimensional image of the neuron is generated .
Once the 3D image of the neuron is acquired , the hologram for projecting the appropriate light spot pattern is calculated and encoded on the programmable hologram .
To a neuroscientist trying to understand how billions of individual neurones integrate together to create complex structures like the human brain , this new technique offers a very exciting opportunity to do new science .
“ The great thing about this set up is that you can generate an image of a living neurone in situ , identify points that you wish to stimulate , then switch to stimulate mode and directly hit those points in any sequence you like .
“ Dr Stricker says .
“ In neuroscience we are always looking to push the boundaries and this should really help us do so . ”
He is looking forward to the first trial runs of the stimulator .
Do you have a child who is struggling in school ?
Or perhaps they are n’t struggling , but are so far ahead they ’re bored and getting in trouble ?
Is homework not getting turned in on time ?
Maybe your student is n’t in school at all because you ’re homeschooling , but you need some help working with them on a particular subject .
Your child might be working on a Big Project or interested in delving deeper into an interest area , and you need someone else to work on it with them .
Or you could be taking the early college route , and you ’re looking for someone for your student to talk to about their experiences .
If any of those descriptions sounds familiar , you ’re in the right place !
Exceeds Expectations
Learning offers tutoring and mentoring services for students ages 7 and up , online worldwide via Skype or Zoom and in person in the Seattle area .
We cover subjects across the board , and specialize in working with gifted and twice - exceptional ( 2e ) students , tailoring our approach to each student .
Whether it ’s homework help or unschooling subject support , in elementary school or halfway through college , we ’ll work with you to ensure you and your student are getting what you need .
Approaching every challenge with a ready smile , helping hand , compassionate heart , and excellent sense of humor .
I waited a long time to write this post .
While combing through stats from last season I stumbled upon some truly startling evidence that illustrates just how valuable Colby Armstrong was to the Thrashers .
I sat on this data until after his contract was signed ( Note : if any of NHL agents are reading this and you want to hire a stats guy to help with your non-thrashers arbitration cases my email is on my profile page ) .
Why ?
Because I think Armstrong is way more valuable than the traditional stats would indicate and now I 'm going to explain how the new stats prove it .
Before I talk about Colby Armstrong , first let me explain how I evaluate players .
Team Goal Differential explains 93 % of the NHL standings .
Players can contribute to a good Goal Differential three ways : terrific PP , PK or ES ( Even strength ) play .
If a player does n't drive the PP , PK or have a positive ES Plus / Minus number , then that player is not helping his team win hockey games .
Ilya Kovalchuk is a great power play guy , but contributes nothing on the PK and at ES his team was outscored 73 - 79 last season .
Kovalchuk 's primary contribution is his PP scoring .
At ES Kovalchuk 's highlight reel goals are wiped out by his own bad defensive play and those of his teammates .
Simply put at ES Kovalchuk is doing worse than breaking even .
I 'll have more to say about this next week .
Colby Armstrong is the opposite of Kovalchuk - - his primary contribution comes not on special teams but at Even Strength .
Another key difference is that Armstrong does n't contribute with highlight reel goals but by making subtle plays that keep the puck in the opponent 's end .
There is a growing consensus in the hockey stats community that " puck position " ( not " puck possession " ) is the single most important part of ES hockey .
Hockey is part skill and part luck .
The puck takes funny bounces and all things being equal , if you spend more time in the opposition end of the ice you 're a more likely to turn the " lucky " aspect of hockey into goals for your team if you spend more time in the good end .
Tom Benjamin points out how Detroit won the Cup in 2008 not with " puck possession " but rather with " puck position " strategies :
First , they get the puck out of their own end better than anyone else .
All seven of their defensemen are good passers and six of their seven ( Chelios excepted ) are very mobile .
Furthermore , the forwards are all very responsible so the defenseman always has a pass to make .
If the defenseman is forced to chip the puck along the boards , the forward is always there .
If the defenseman has some time , a forward always seems to get open in the neutral zone …
Second , once the puck is in the opponent ’s end , the Red Wings make it impossible for the other team to easily move the puck up the ice .
Detroit attacks the puck in a swarm all over the ice .
The puck possession meme is a myth .
The Wings frequently lost the puck when on the attack in the Pittsburgh end , but when they did they immediately forced the Penguin defense and often recovered it .
If puck position is crucial to winning , then smart hockey teams will gather up players who play in the opposition end of the ice .
And this is where Colby Armstrong excels .
For the last two NHL seasons we have data on where players started and stopped a shift that involved a faceoff .
Every player has a mixture of Offensive , Neutral and Defensive Zone faceoffs ( more on this mix next week ) , but those players who end up with more Offensive Zone faceoffs than they started with are players who are moving the puck down the ice and applying pressure at the other end .
Hockey stats guys refer to this as Zone Shift .
Here are Thrasher leaders for the 2008 - 09 Season and guess who is the runaway leader for Atlanta ?
Player Position Zone Shift Armstrong F 80 Kozlov F 49 Enstrom D
33 Reasoner F 31 Peverley F 30 Little F 27 White F 16 Hedberg G
12 Schneider D 9 Oystrick D 7 Bogosian D 3 Sterling F 3 Salmela D 1 Crabb F - 2 Valabik D - 7 Pavelec G
- 9 Lehtonen G
- 12 Christensen F - 17 Perrin F - 17 Williams F - 18 Havelid D - 19 Stuart F - 20 Kovalchuk F - 21 Exelby D - 25 Slater F - 30 Thorburn F - 30 Hainsey D - 41 Boulton F - 69
One thing that REALLY has me encouraged about next season is most of the players with negative Zone Shift numbers last season will not be back .
Gone are Christensen , Williams , Perrin , Havelid , Stuart and Exelby .
The only returning players from that list are Kovalchuk and the over rated 4th line ( Boulton - Slater - Thorburn ) who get outshot badly despite their limited ice time .
Our roster is much more suited for Coach Anderson 's style of play than it was last August .
A major problem for the Thrashers is that they have been massively out shot for years -- basically the entire history of the franchise .
When you 're spending a lot of time in your own end , it is very hard to out shoot the opposition .
If " puck position " matters it should show up in the terms of which players do the best at out shooting the opposition .
Let 's see if that is the case , we will look at Shots Fired ( aka Corsi Number ) which includes Goals + Shots on Goal + Missed Shots + Blocked Shots .
Once again we see that Armstrong is very near the top ( I 'll have more to say about this table next week , Schneider and Oystrick benefited from a lot of favorable faceoff starts ) .
Guess who leads the Thrashers ES Net Shots Fired list ?
Colby Armstrong again .
Player Positin Adj. Corsi Armstrong F 7 Schneider D 7 Oystrick D - 1 Salmela D - 25 Crabb F - 33 Sterling F - 42 Stuart F - 45 Slater F - 57 Bogosian D - 58 Pavelec G - 58 Christensen F -64 Kozlov F - 72 Reasoner F -91 Peverley F -100 Williams F - 103 Perrin F - 104 Hedberg G - 106 Little F - 107 White F - 128 Thorburn F - 130 Boulton F - 139 Valabik D - 152 Exelby D -158 Kovalchuk F -167 Hainsey D -180 Enstrom D - 184 Havelid D -286 Lehtonen G -324
Another reason I consider Colby Armstrong to be the Thrasher Even Strength MVP is that he made everyone around him better last season .
Colby does many little things that go unnoticed by most hockey fans .
He always clears his zone when he has the chance , he makes safe outlet passes .
If there is no safe outlet pass he chips it up the wall or dumps into the offensive corner and starts the forecheck to get the puck back .
He almost never ices the puck , he finds a way to gain ground .
If you share the ice with a guy like Colby that means you 're playing more of your minutes in the good part of the ice .
You 're able to spend your energy wearing out the other team 's players and when they do clear their own zone the opposition is tired and much less likely to get a high quality shot .
The result is a better SV % when you 're wearing out the opposition in their own end .
Because Colby plays more at the good end of the ice , virtually every Thrashers who played minutes with Armstrong had a better ES SV % with him on the ice than when he was n't on the ice .
In some cases the differences are enormous .
Enstrom had a personal ES SV % of .957 with Colby but just .907 without Colby .
Rich Peverley also greatly benefited from playing with Armstrong at the good end of the ice .
ES Team Save % Colby Player Position with Colby without Colby Benefit Enstrom D 0.957 0.907 0.050 Hainsey D 0.940 0.917 0.024 Havelid D 0.942 0.916 0.026 Schneider D 0.907 0.895 0.012 Exelby D 0.944 0.929 0.015 Bogosian D 0.951 0.896 0.054 Valabik D 0.889 0.908 - 0.019
Perrin F 0.927 0.900 0.028 Reasoner F 0.953 0.931 0.022 Kozlov F 0.930 0.908 0.022 Kovalchuk F 0.911 0.901 0.010 Peverley F 0.964 0.929 0.034
Plus / minus is a often misused and misunderstood stat .
If is wrongly used as a measure of defensive ability .
If you strip out the SH stuff and the Empty Net situations , ES Even Skater Plus / Minus is a very handy measure of who is playing winning hockey on your team .
Good players out score the opposition .
There are ways to make Plus / Minus ever more accurate , but if we just stick with ES Even Skater Plus / Minus we can see that whoever played with Colby Armstrong was much more likely to end up with a positive number in our measure of " winning " hockey .
ES Plus / Minus ES Plus / Minus Colby Player Position with Colby without Colby Benefit Enstrom D 8 - 1 9 Hainsey D 3 - 14 17 Havelid D 2 - 4 6 Schneider D - 3 -5 2 Exelby D - 3 - 2 - 1 Bogosian D 4 1 3 Valabik D -2 -13 11
Perrin F 4 - 13 17 Reasoner F 5 -1 6 Kozlov F 9 - 13 22 Kovalchuk F 2 - 15 17 Peverley F 3 7 -4
Several players have an enormous swing depending on whether or not Armstrong was out there with them on the ice .
Kozlov and Kovalchuk and Perrin all posted positive ES Plus / Minus numbers with Armstrong and double digit negative numbers without him .
The same goes for Ron Hainsey a more offensive defensemen who shines best in the Offensive and Neutral Zones where he can make good use of his excellent skating ability .
Conclusion :
If we could clone Armstrong and have three Colbys that would make one heck of a checking line .
I certainly hope the Thrashers re-sign him at some point because last season at Even Strength Colby Armstrong was the straw that stirred the Thrashers drink among the forwards .
Renegade ex-Scientology employee Marc Headley discussed his traumatic experiences living and working within the confines of the controversial religion , and the abusive treatment of staff members .
Dutch researcher Saskia Lindhoud has discovered a new way to package enzymes by causing charged polymers to form a ' ball of hair ' around them .
Her approach significantly increases the utility of the enzymes .
For example , healthy enzymes with a foul taste can be packaged in such a way that they are released in the stomach without being tasted .
Enzymes are molecules that can trigger specific chemical reactions .
They are responsible for the taste of beer , the effectiveness of detergents and the digestion of food in our guts .
However , the optimal use of enzymes requires that they do not trigger the chemical reactions too early or too late .
Moreover , enzymes are quite sensitive to changes in their environment such as temperature fluctuations and changes in the salt concentration or pH .
Enzymes can be protected from such influences by means of a packaging .
Lindhoud discovered a new way of doing this well .
Hairy balls
Lindhoud used polyelectrolyte complex micelles for the packaging .
These consist of at least two types of molecules that have an opposite charge and of which at least one type has a charged and an uncharged block ( diblock copolymer ) .
If these molecules are mixed together then the oppositely charged parts of the molecules form a complex because opposite charges attract .
The uncharged parts of the molecules prefer not to be located in the core and stick outwards .
This results in the automatic formation of balls with hairs on the outside .
As enzymes are also charged they can be packaged into these hairy balls .
Yet unfortunately , particles that consist of just enzymes and diblock copolymers are not very robust .
Lindhoud therefore substituted a part of the enzymes with a polymer of the same charge .
This improved the stability and robustness of the particles .
Moreover , Lindhoud discovered that the enzymes preferred not to be located in the core of the particle but on the boundary of this instead .
Adding polymers with the same charge increased the surface of this boundary .
The advantage of enzymes packaged using Lindhoud 's approach is the ease with which these can be unpackaged again .
This is essential for the effective use of enzymes in industrial applications .
Lindhoud 's research could therefore do more than improve detergents ; it could enable new applications of enzymes .
One such possible application is the specific delivery of medicines .
Saskia Lindhoud carried out her research with a TOP grant from the NWO Division for the Chemical Sciences .
She is now a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Bath .
It is ok to be awkward .
But sometimes it is possible to go too far and being awkward is really not an excuse .
Chinese martial arts , popularly as kung fu , consist of a number of fighting styles that were developed over the centuries .
Those fighting styles can be classified according to common themes that are identified as “ families ” (? , ji ? ) , “ sects ” (? , pai ) or “ schools ” (? , men ) of martial arts .
Example of themes are physical exercises that mimic movements from animals or a history and training method that gather inspiration from various Chinese philosophies , myths and legends .
Some styles focus on the harnessing of qi and are labeled internal ( ??? ) , while others concentrate on improving muscle and cardiovascular fitness and are labeled external ( ??? ) .
Geographical association , as in northern ( ?? ) and southern ( ?? ) , is another popular method of categorization .
Each fighting style offers a different approach to the common problems of self - defense , health , and self - cultivation
Kung fu and wushu are popular terms that have become synonymous with Chinese martial arts .
However , the Chinese terms kung fu and wushu have very different meanings .
The Chinese literal equivalent of “ Chinese martial art ” would be zhongguo wushu
In Chinese , kung fu can be used in contexts completely unrelated to martial arts , and refers colloquially to any individual accomplishment or skill cultivated through long and hard work .
In contrast , wushu is a more precise term for general martial activities .
W? shù literally means “ martial art ” .
It is formed from the two words ?? : ? ( w ? ) , meaning , “ martial ” or “ military ” , and ?
( shù ) , which translates into “ discipline ” , “ skill ” or “ method . ”
The term wushu has also become the name for a modern sport involving the performance of adapted Chinese bare - handed and weapons forms ( tàolù ?? ) judged to a set of contemporary aesthetic criteria for points .
Chinese martial arts may possibly be traced to the Xia Dynasty ( ?? ) which existed more than 4000 years ago .
Their origin is attributed to self - defense needs , hunting activities and military training in ancient China .
Hand - to - hand combat and weapons practice were important components in the training of Chinese soldiers .
From this beginning , Chinese martial arts proceeded to incorporate different philosophies and ideas into its practice — expanding its purpose from self - defense to health maintenance and finally as method of self - cultivation .
The influence of martial ideals in civilian society spread into poetry , fiction , and eventually film .
According to tradition , the Yellow Emperor ( Huangdi , traditional date of ascension to the throne 2698 BCE ) introduced the earliest fighting systems to China .
The Yellow Emperor is described as a famous general who , before becoming China ’s leader , wrote lengthy treatises on medicine , astrology and the martial arts .
He allegedly developed the practice of jiao di or horn - butting and utilized it in war .
Sh?ubó ( ?? ) , practiced during the Shang dynasty ( 1766–1066 BCE ) , and Xiang Bo ( similar to Sanda ) from the 600s BCE , are just two examples of ancient Chinese martial arts .
In 509 BCE , Confucius suggested to Duke Ding of Lu that people practice the literary arts as well as the martial arts ; thus , wushu began to be practised by ordinary citizens external to the military and religious sects .
A combat wrestling system called juélì or ji?ol ì (?? ) is mentioned in the Classic of Rites ( 1st c. BCE ) .
This combat system included techniques such as strikes , throws , joint manipulation , and pressure point attacks .
Jiao
Di became a sport during the Qin Dynasty ( 221–207 BCE ) .
The Han History Bibliographies record that , by the Former Han ( 206 BCE – 8 CE ) , there was a distinction between no -holds - barred weaponless fighting , which it calls sh?ubó ( ?? ) , for which “ how - to ” manuals had already been written , and sportive wrestling , then known as juélì or ji?ol ì (?? ) .
Wrestling is also documented in the Sh ?
Jì , Records of the Grand Historian , written by Sima Qian ( ca. 100 BCE ) .
A hand to hand combat theory , including the integration of notions of “ hard ” and “ soft ” techniques , is expounded in the story of the Maiden of Yue in the Spring and Autumn Annals of Wu and Yue ( 5th c. BCE ) .
In the Tang Dynasty , descriptions of sword dances were immortalized in poems by Li Bai .
In the Song and Yuan dynasties , xiangpu ( a predecessor of sumo ) contests were sponsored by the imperial courts .
The modern concepts of wushu were fully developed by the Ming and Qing dynasties .
The ideas associated with Chinese martial arts changed with the evolving Chinese society and over time acquired a philosophical basis .
Passages in the Zhuangzi ( ?? ) , a Daoist text , pertain to the psychology and practice of martial arts .
Zhuangzi , its eponymous author , is believed to have lived in the 4th century BCE .
The Tao Te Ching , often credited to Lao Zi , is another Daoist text that contains principles applicable to martial arts .
According to one of the classic texts of Confucianism , Zhou Li ( ??/?? ) , Archery and charioteering were part of the “ six arts ” ( simplified Chinese : ?? ; traditional Chinese : ?? ; pinyin : liu yi , including rites , music , calligraphy and mathematics ) of the Zhou Dynasty ( 1122–256 BCE ) .
The Art of War ( ???? ) , written during the 6th century BCE by Sun Tzu ( ?? ) , deals directly with military warfare but contains ideas that are used in the Chinese martial arts .
Daoist practitioners have been practicing Tao Yin , physical exercises similar to Qigong that was one of the progenitors to Tai Chi Chuan , from at least as early as 500 BCE .
In 39 –92 CE , “ Six Chapters of Hand Fighting ” , were included in the Han Shu ( history of the Former Han Dynasty ) written by Pan Ku .
Also , the noted physician , Hua Tuo , composed the “ Five Animals Play ” — tiger , deer , monkey , bear , and bird , around 220 BCE .
Daoist philosophy and their approach to health and exercise might have influenced , to a certain extent , the Chinese martial arts .
Check more Daily News
Iranian - Canadian journalist Maziar Bahari says he was regularly beaten and threatened with execution while imprisoned in Iran for 118 days .
Maziar Bahari kisses baby Marianna .
Bahari was released from Tehran 's Evin Prison on Oct. 17 , just days before his daughter 's birth .
( ( CBC / Nancy Durham ) )
Bahari spoke to CBC's Nancy Durham about what happened in Tehran 's Evin Prison , where he was taken after his arrest during the post - presidential election protests in Iran .
Bahari was reporting for Newsweek when he was arrested at his home on June 21 , a number of days after witnessing one of the street protests .
After a worldwide campaign for his freedom he was released from prison in October and reunited with his wife in London just in time for the birth of their first child .
Bahari made Canada his home in 1987 , but the allure of Iran drew him back over the past decade — even though he says he expected that one day he'd be arrested .
Last June 's protests gave the authorities a reason .
They decided Bahari was a spy and began efforts to force a confession .
Punches , threats and insults
" When they took me to the interrogation room , I had a blindfold on and I could just see little bit from under the blindfold and I saw my interrogator 's feet and he had slippers on , and that was a bad sign , because slippers meant he was making himself comfortable . "
The journalist also spoke of the death threats and other interrogation tactics .
" Almost during every interrogation session I was told by him that he was going to execute me and he also told me that he'd make sure that he would be the person who is going to kick the chair off my feet … so when I was being woken up at 4 o'clock in the morning sometimes I thought , maybe that 's it .
I did n't know . "
Bahari described being insulted repeatedly , slapped , punched , hit with a belt and having his ear squeezed , daily .
Inevitably he thought about death .
" I thought maybe it 's better just to finish myself before they can do anything , " he said .
" And I would just say , do n't be stupid .
Do n't do their job for them .
If they want to kill you they can do it themselves , but do n't co-operate at all . "
Bahari said he felt the walls were closing in around him while in solitary confinement , but he was comforted as he hummed the words to Leonard Cohen 's song , Sisters of Mercy .
He said the title came to him in a dream about two women who both looked like his sister .
" And all of a sudden this universe was created , this universe that was guarded by Mr. Leonard Cohen , and it was just ridiculous to me that this old Jewish [ man ] , and one of the most cynical poet songwriters in the world , managed to save me in the heart of the Islamic Republic . "
Daily
Show spoof taken literally
That was n't the only imaginary parallel world in prison .
The journalist recalled one particularly bizarre exchange with his interrogator , who believed that Jon Stewart 's political satire , The Daily Show , offered proof that his prisoner was a spy and was working with other spies .
Bahari had participated in a send - up interview with Canadian comic Jason Jones , whom the interrogator did n't realize was just an actor on the television comedy and not a real spy .
" One day my interrogator told me that , ' We have video evidence of you working as a spy , ' and then when he put the DVD of The Daily Show in the laptop , I just thought , ' Oh my God . ' "
Bahari said Jones acted like " this really red-neck American who did n't know anything about the Middle East and pretended to be a spy .
He called me Mr. Pistachio . "
" And I told my interrogator , I hope you ’re not suggesting that he ’s a real spy and he said , ' Well , he looks very suspicious , and why should he pretend to be a spy — why should he choose you for an interview ? ' "
Now that life is returning to normal , Bahari is focusing on his family : his wife , Paola Gourley , and their daughter .
" I have to change nappies at four in the morning .
That keeps me going , and as a person I 'm happy , but I 'm also very sad for my colleagues and my friends who are still languishing in Iranian jail and the people in Iran who have to live with this system . "
Bahari vows to campaign for those still in Iran without a voice or profile of any kind .
Around 80 people have been jailed and five sentenced to death in connection with the unrest .
Deirdre Walker , the 24 - year police veteran and former Assistant Chief of the Montgomery County , Maryland , Department of Police who wrote up a sharp , professional critique of the TSA 's checkpoint procedures , has written a follow - up , showing a huge flaw in the " random " screening process used at the BWI airport :
I asked , " How are people selected for secondary searches ?.
She replied " It 's random . "
I asked " Is there a mark on my boarding pass ? "
She replied , " We used to do that , but we do n't do it anymore . "
She did not know why that practice had been discontinued .
I stated " So you look at people as they are entering the metal detector , you make some type of assessment , and then you select people for secondary searches , right ? "
… At this point , I turned to look over my shoulder and observed a Caucasian woman in her late thirties or early forties standing inside the whole - body imager .
I called my screener 's attention to this and said .
" Look over there .
There 's a woman in the scanner .
You all picked me for a search , and then the very next person you select is a woman .
Why did n't you pick a white guy ?
Where are all the white guys ? "
She replied , helpfully , " We are understaffed today and we do n't have enough male screeners to do pat downs .
We are not allowed to do opposite sex pat - downs so we are only selecting women for secondary screening . "
By this point , I was seated and she was patting down the bottom of my feet .
The secondary search , more thorough than the last search I had been subjected to in Albany , but equally ineffective , was nearing completion .
I said " If you are only selecting women , how is that random ? "
She said , " You 're done .
You can collect your belongings , Have a nice day . "
And the Democrats are doing what , exactly , about this ?
Do the Republicans want the economy to get worse , hoping it means they 'll sweep the mid-terms ?
( As if we needed any further proof of their sociopathic mindset . )
While this piece is about California , it will apply to other states as well :
Few , if any , unemployed people will be able to get the full 20 - week extension in jobless benefits because Congress delayed so long and failed to change a sunset provision , says a California Employment Development Department official .
As a result , most Californians — an estimated 285,000 long - term unemployed — will be able to qualify for only an additional 14 weeks of benefits , says Loree Levy , an EDD spokeswoman .
The legislation , which was approved by the House today , provides 14 weeks of additional benefits to all states .
Those states with a jobless rate over 8.5 % — California 's is 12.2 % — get up to 20 more weeks .
But instead of simply tacking on the additional weeks in one new extension , the bill sets up a Byzantine plan that adds two new extensions to the two previous ones before the last extension , referred to as FedEd , kicks in .
Congress previously extended FedEd from 13 weeks to 20 weeks , but included a sunset provision for the end of the year .
If Congress does n't change that provision , FedEd will revert to 13 weeks on Jan. 1 .
So even if a person could start collecting on the latest extension today , the calendar will run out before that person can get all 20 weeks of benefits .
As currently written , they will get one additional week for the second extension and , because their unemployment will carry into next year , 13 weeks of FedEd , for a maximum of 14 weeks .
Bruce Judson with a description of a " chilling call " that occurred while he " was a guest on OnPoint which is distributed nationally by NPR . "
As he notes in an email , " the post raises an important issue .
All of the discussion of economic inequality essentially presumes that people continue to view the existing economic system as legitimate .
As foreclosure rise , jobs disappear , and the divide between the have 's and have not 's increases , our ability to take this for granted becomes less clear " :
Will Economic Inequality Lead to Terrorism ?
A Chilling Moment on NPR , by Bruce Judson : Last week ,
It Could Happen Here was the subject of a 45 - minute segment of Tom Asbrook ’s OnPoint , which airs nationally on NPR .
To demonstrate , how inequality can divide a nation , It Could Happen Here , which is a nonfiction book , opens with a fictional scenario involving American terrorists who threaten the nation with dirty bombs demanding an end to foreclosures by “ vulture banks , ” and free access to healthcare and higher education for all .
Tom Ashbrook asked hard questions about this scenario .
I said to him think of a laid off engineer who works with radioactivity to create medical devices …
Here ’s the transcript of the discussion :
BRUCE JUDSON : First off , here ’s a flash point for you .
In the scenario , in the fictional scenario , I talk about …
It is very easy to imagine that an engineer , or someone else with the necessary knowledge who works on , let ’s say , medical devices and has used radioactivity to create a better world ….
to save lives , is laid off .
You can imagine that he suddenly is facing foreclosure .
He ’s an educated person unable to put his kids through college .
A few minutes later the show took calls .
The show received a chilling call from an out of work nuclear engineer –who had helped to build 13 nuclear power plants but had not worked in two years .
You can read the transcript of his call below , or click to listen to his call here .
Click player below to listen to out of work Nuclear Engineer :
TOM ASHBROOK : Certainly inequality ’s a big issue .
Let me get a call right here from New London , Connecticut .
And Don. Hi , Don .
You ’re on the air .
CALLER : Hi. TOM ASHBROOK : Hi. CALLER : I think you should be listening to this guy , Judson .
I ’m an unemployed nuclear engineer .
I ’ve worked on 13 nuclear power plants .
Making a dirty bomb is not a big deal .
I ’m not going to go out and tell everybody now to do it , but I ’m just saying things like that can happen .
And it sounds like you ’re just being dismissive of all his ideas and what he ’s saying .
Because there ’s a lot of anger out here , and there are a lot of people who feel that the American Dream is slipping away from them , they do n’t have a chance .
And the only entrepreneurial opportunity for them is to sell drugs and to be an outlaw .
It ’s happening .
TOM ASHBROOK : [ OVERLAPPING ]
I hear you , [ PH ] Don .
We ’ve got Bruce on for an hour .
So , I ca n’t say we ’re not listening to him .
But let me ask you , you ’ve got a lot of expertise in your field , nuclear engineering .
But does that mean you ’re unhappy if you ’re unemployed ?
Do you really feel like the country ’s ready to revolt ?
CALLER : I ’m not an expert in revolution , and I do n’t really know how they happen .
All I know is I ’m 60 years old .
There ’s not a lot of people who want to hire a nuclear engineer who ’s 60 years old .
And there are a lot of people out there like me who are out there who , you know , once you have so much gray hair , you ’re out of here .
And there ’s just a lot of people that are just not happy with the way that the country ’s going right now .
And I do n’t know … where it ’s going to take it , or what ’s going to be its spark , or what ’s going to be the event .
But people feel like there ’s just no way to climb out of the hole .
Like there ’s just nothing that ’s going to get them out .
This attitude , that I ’ve seen , over 60 years , I ’ve never seen anything like it .
It scares me .
TOM ASHBROOK : Up against it .
And with an education , a particular education .
Don , thank you for your call .
You can listen to the full OnPoint segment by clicking the player below :
In ... today ’s New York Times column Safety Nets for the Rich , Bob Herbert , details our emerging have and have not society , where two - thirds of the entire income gains of the nation between 2002 and 2007 went to the top 1 % of Americans .
Herbert writes :
And we still do n’t seem to have learned the proper lessons .
We ’ve allowed so many people to fall into the terrible abyss of unemployment that no one — not the Obama administration , not the labor unions and most certainly no one in the Republican Party — has a clue about how to put them back to work .
Meanwhile , Wall Street is living it up .
I ’m amazed at how passive the population has remained in the face of this sustained outrage .
Unfortunately if we do not change course , Herbert ’s amazement may end in circumstances that we do not want to contemplate .
We are witnessing the unfolding of a chain of dangerous events associated with our collapsing middle class and increasingly two - tier economy .
Sadly , the dynamics outlined in It Could Happen
Here that lead to political instability are occurring with increasing ferocity .
More on this in my next post ...
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The U.S. government will pay $ 1.26 million to five Muslim men detained for months without charges after the September 11 attacks who sued for unlawful imprisonment and abuse , their lawyers said on Tuesday .
The men claimed they suffered inhumane and degrading treatment in a Brooklyn detention center , including solitary confinement , severe beatings , incessant verbal abuse and a blackout on communications with their families and attorneys .
Rachel Meeropol , a lawyer for the Center for Constitutional Rights who brought the case in Brooklyn federal court , said it was the largest settlement so far for claims of abuse in the United States following the attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
The Justice Department agreed to settle the suit , which was filed in 2002 after hundreds of immigrants were rounded up and held for months following the attacks , according to the CCR .
A spokesman for the U.S. Justice Department was not immediately available to comment on the settlement , in which the U.S. government admits no liability or fault .
The five men were all eventually released after being cleared of any connection to terrorism but then deported .
One of the men , Yasser Ebrahim , will receive the largest payout of $ 356,250 minus legal fees .
“ After seven long years , I am relieved to be able to rebuild my life , ” he said in a CCR statement .
“ We were deprived of our rights and abused simply because of our religion and the color of our skin , ” he said .
“ I know that I and others are still affected by what happened and that communities in the U.S. continue to feel the fallout .
I sincerely hope this will never happen again . ”
WELCOME TO AMERICA
Ebrahim , 37 , who had a website design business in Brooklyn , and his plaintiff brother Hany , a deli worker , had lived in New York for several years before the September 11 attacks .
They now live in Egypt .
The two were arrested on Sept 30 , 2001 , and held for eight months even after an FBI memo from December 7 stated they were cleared of links to terrorist groups , the lawsuit said .
A 2003 report by Justice Department ’s Office of the Inspector General found that some prison officers slammed detainees against walls , twisted their arms and hands in painful ways , stepped on their leg restraint chains and punished them by keeping them restrained for long periods .
The report said videotapes showed some detention center staff “ misused strip searches and restraints to punish detainees and that officers improperly and illegally recorded detainees ’ meetings with their attorneys . ”
The lawsuit said some of the plaintiffs , upon entering the jail , had their faces smashed into a wall where a blood - smeared American flag T - shirt was taped and told “ welcome to America , ” according to the lawsuit .
The other plaintiffs who settled are Ashraf Ibrahim who also now lives in Egypt , Pakistan native Asif - Ur-Rehman Saffi who now lives in France and former Pakistani physician Shakir Baloch who now lives in Canada .
The lawsuit , which sued top Bush administration officials including former U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft , was one of many that accused the Bush administration of disregarding constitutional rights .
The claims against Ashcroft and others are continuing .
The CCR is also seeking to bring claims on behalf of five new plaintiffs .
Jesse Ronson returned to the UFC and competed on " Fight Island ' .
The return was a successful one as the Canadian made quick work of Nicolas Dalby in the first - round .
Ronson also scored a whopping $ 50 k for his submission victory .
The Canadian is back !
Full results are right here for any of you that missed the action !
Robert Whittaker vs .... Read More
By Mark Kinver
Science and environment reporter , BBC News
Identifying a plant 's DNA " barcode " will help tell is if it is being illegally traded Hundreds of experts from 50 nations are set to agree on a " DNA barcode " system that gives every plant on Earth a unique genetic fingerprint .
The technology will be used in a number of ways , including identifying the illegal trade in endangered species .
The data will be stored on a global database that will be available to scientists around the world .
The agreement will be signed at the third International Barcode of Life conference in Mexico City on Tuesday .
" Barcoding is a tool to identify species faster , more cheaply and more precisely than traditional methods , " explained Patricia Escalante , head of the zoology department at Mexico 's National University ( UNAM ) , which is hosting the gathering .
In an effort to limit the impact on the planet 's biodiversity , Dr Escalante said it was vital to establish a reliable monitoring system .
" We need an accurate inventory , " she observed , " to recognize parasites of medical , economic or ecological importance . "
Mexican researchers , she added , were involved in a network to produce barcodes in key taxonomic groups , such as trees , fungi , bees and aquatic insects .
Cracking the code " Biodiversity scientists are using DNA technology to unravel mysteries , much like detectives use it to solve crimes , " said David Schindel , executive secretary for the Consortium for the Barcode of Life ( CBOL ) .
If the process is working , then you will get identical sequences or very , very similar sequences for the same species
Dr David Schindel ,
COBL executive director " You start with a specimen that has been identified by a specialist , so you have a known species , " he explained .
" You then take a tiny piece of tissue ; let 's say we are dealing with a mosquito , we'd take half of one leg , put it in a little tube and grind it up .
You'd then extract the DNA .
" We are only looking at a tiny , tiny part of the whole genome - just 650 base pairs .
In comparison , the human genome has three billion base pairs .
" So the next stage is finding that tiny little region , cutting it out and making millions of copies - which is known as magnifying - in order to analyse the region .
" What you get out of that process is a string of 650 letters - and if the process is working then you will get identical sequences or very , very similar sequences for the same species . "
The information is then added to a global database , which can be accessed by scientists around the globe .
DNA breakthrough Researchers have been able to use this technique to identify animal species since 2003 .
But , until now , the system has not worked for plant species .
It has been necessary to identify a different region of DNA that also provided a number of important characteristics .
These characteristics included : • technologically easy to process • readily obtainable from degraded material • variable between species , but not too variable A team of researchers had been assessing seven potential barcodes .
This was then narrowed down to just two possibilities .
The announcement in Mexico will mark the end of the process , with the international biodiversity scientific community reaching an agreement on the best way to identify plants .
Dr Schindel said one of the benefits of the technology was the speed and ease of identifying species .
" Now - within just a few hours - you can get an answer , " he told BBC News .
This would lead to much more effective use of resources when it came to tackling problems such as crop pests or the spread of diseases , he explained .
It would no longer be necessary to wait for a specialist botanist to examine the sample in order to get an accurate identification of the species .
The technology would also allow species to be identified from a fragment of material .
Illegally harvested timber is often processed into furniture before being shipped overseas , making it very difficult to assess the origin of the wood .
However , identifying the timber 's " DNA barcode " would quickly reveal whether the wood was sourced from a legitimate source .
As part of the International Barcode of Life Project , scientists hope that five million specimens from 500,000 species will be catalogued in the next five years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Herb Stuffing Muffins
{ Click here to see all the on - the - side Thanksgiving side dish and dessert recipes I ’ve shared over the years .}
When I mentioned to my mother that I was planning to make a traditional herb stuffing this weekend , she replied , “ You should bake it in muffin tins ! ”
She had just read an article in The New York Times in which the author was extremely pleased with the results of her efforts to concoct stuffing muffins that were crisp on the outside and steamy soft on the inside : “ Imagine how good they must have been , then times it to the 10th power . ”
That was all the encouragement I needed to give it a try .
This turned out to be an excellent way to prepare stuffing , for a few reasons .
Foremost , it maximizes the crispy parts , which are my favorites .
Also , the individual portions are easy to freeze – in that it ’s still over a week until Thanksgiving , you can be sure I ’ll be saving these !
Did the muffins stay intact ?
Some yes , some no .
I think I attempted to remove them while they were still a little too warm .
The recipe in The New York Times , with the addition of white wine and pancetta , appears to be a bit wetter than this McCormick recipe so it might have held together better .
But even for the ones that fell apart , the extra-crispiness and individual portioning alone was enough to make this approach worthwhile to me .
Print This !
Herb Stuffing Muffins Adapted from a McCormick holiday recipe pamphlet and inspired by The New York Times Makes 14 - 16 muffins INGREDIENTS : 1/2 cup ( 1 stick ) butter , plus more for greasing muffin tin 1 cup chopped celery 1 / 2 cup chopped onion 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves 3 / 4 teaspoon poultry seasoning 1 / 2 teaspoon seasoned salt 1 / 4 teaspoon ground black pepper 6 cups dry unseasoned bread cubes 2 cups chicken stock DIRECTIONS : Preheat oven to 375 °F .
Melt butter in a large skillet on medium heat .
Add celery and onion ; cook and stir 5 minutes .
Stir in thyme , poultry seasoning , seasoned salt and pepper .
Place bread cubes in a large bowl .
Add celery mixture and broth ; toss gently until well mixed .
Spoon into generously greased muffin tins , pressing down so each cup is well - filled .
Bake for 25 - 30 minutes or until heated through and lightly browned .
Parma --
The city has disciplined a police commander found guilty of disorderly conduct in Geauga County after being accused of sucker - punching a teen driver in a burst of road rage last fall .
Lt. Kim Cornachio received three " penalty days " as punishment .
He lost one paid holiday and has been order to work two of his off days , according to Parma Detective Marty Compton .
An internal investigation and hearing determined that Cornachio violated Police Department rules in the off - duty incident in November 2008 .
Cornachio could not be reached for comment .
A 17 - year - old driver told Geauga sheriff 's investigators that Cornachio slugged him in the side of the head as he sat in his stopped car , leaving him with a black eye .
Bob Zahn , who was a Kenston High School senior at the time , said the encounter took place after Cornachio passed his slow - moving car on Auburn Township 's Taylor May Road and then blocked the street with his SUV .
Cornachio , 56 , of Auburn , denied striking Zahn but admitted to stopping the teen in the roadway .
The police veteran said he took action because he witnessed Zahn driving erratically .
Prosecutors charged Cornachio with disorderly conduct .
A Chardon Municipal
Court judge fined him the maximum $ 150 after a plea of no contest in April .
Zahn 's mother , Gina , accused Prosecutor Jim Gillette of minimizing the altercation and said she wanted Cornachio charged with assault .
On Friday , she said she was pleased Parma reprimanded Cornachio to acknowledge the wrongdoing .
She said the officer deserves to have the black mark on his personnel record .
For decades , the most popular destination for migrants the world over has been the United States .
It was in America that the downtrodden and the footloose of this world saw their destiny .
But America 's ability to accommodate such people has always been finite .
Billions of poverty - stricken people today crave the comfort and the affluence of a better world and almost none of them can have it .
The increase in global population now exceeds the entire population of the US every five years ; if migration is the solution to the problems of mankind then we 're going to have to find a different planet .
With this in mind , the Americans have just launched their very latest rocket , the Ares 1 .
Fully developed , Ares will be able to carry four people to the moon .
It does n't sound like much but it's a start , and quite a few other nations – including the Chinese and the Indians – are planning missions of this kind .
For a generation weaned on the adventures of Jean - Luc Picard in Star Trek , the idea of moving out into outer space does n't sound quite as preposterous as it used to do .
The big question is , where could we go to and what would it be like when we got there ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Our species has evolved to live on the surface of our own little planet about 93 million miles from the Sun .
Sadly , most of the nine planets in our solar system .
are freezing balls of gas , and only about four are rocky worlds like the Earth .
The first rock from the Sun , Mercury , is pretty tiny and ludicrously hot .
In fact , talk of colonising Mercury is largely fanciful and we should probably move on to a promising little planet by the name of Venus .
Venus has enough going for it to make it stand out as the planet with most potential for recreating our own environment .
Venus is almost exactly the same size as the Earth and this gives it a similar gravitational field .
Since gravity is practically the only thing we could n't simulate on another planet , this is a big plus for Venus .
On the downside , surface pressures would crush us to death in an instant and even if you did survive , surface temperatures would fry you even faster .
Establishing an acceptable environment on Venus would be a colossal challenge , and most serious space explorers have long since discarded the option .
Which leaves us with a difficult decision .
Should we go for our own Moon or for Mars ?
Before we get too excited by the merits of one world over another , it 's worth remembering that the Moon has a land surface area about the same as the African continent , whereas Mars has a land surface area similar to the dry land on our own world .
Even assuming there might be a way for us to get there in large numbers , current global population growth could saturate our Moon to the same level as Africa within 10 years .
Furthermore , life on the Moon is n't likely to be pleasant .
Without falling back on any kind of imaginary science , the creation of large pressurised cities is at least possible , but gravity on the Moon is only one sixth of the Earth – that 's why Neil Armstrong is always bouncing around so much in the archive film .
Worse still , the Moon has a four week day - night cycle , meaning the nights go on for 14 Earth days .
Since most plans for space colonisation rely on solar power , the arrival of nightfall would be a big problem .
The only good thing about the Moon is that if things go wrong in your spacecraft ( and things do go wrong in spacecraft ) you could beat a hasty retreat to the Earth in less than a week .
As far as the next 100 years goes , Mars is the only realistic world we could build on , but the early stages of colonisation are likely to be tough .
The first manned expedition to Mars is likely to take six months .
Given that the return journey would take six months too , the crew would have to spend several weeks on the surface of the planet just to justify the journey time .
Freed from gravity for six months , osteoporosis is a big problem and the risk that the first man on Mars might slip and break his femur the moment he gets off the spacecraft is a very real one .
Simulating gravity in the outbound spacecraft would be possible by rotation , but a luxury of this kind is unlikely to be available to a pioneering crew and the early astronauts will probably spend all day dosed up on the kind of drugs we currently give to the elderly .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The capsule will be cramped .
Sexual tensions between crew members are likely to be unbearable and the first expeditions will probably be all - male .
If the spacecraft arrives at the planet and finds itself over an impenetrable sandstorm , well , this would n't surprise anyone who 's worked at NASA so far .
Mars has a habit of kicking up a tantrum just when you least want it to .
Having said that , an atmosphere can be useful for slowing a spacecraft down , and every vehicle to land on Mars so far has deployed parachutes .
As surface pressures are much too low for oxygen masks , the crew would have to wear full pressure suits out on the surface .
Mars is vast .
Meaningful exploration would require a nuclear - powered buggy .
It 's hard to imagine any government funding a one - off manned trip to Mars , so the crew would lay the foundations of a future base there .
The day - night cycle is almost identical to that on Earth and the option of pressurised greenhouses on Mars has been widely discussed .
Plants are good for eating , but they can also turn carbon dioxide into breathable oxygen .
Recycling would be essential for any long - term settlement on Mars .
There does n't seem to be a lot of water on the surface , but there 's heaps of the stuff near the polar ice caps and in time the astronauts would presumably trek out there in search of this crucial commodity .
Water is good for drinking and for irrigation , but it contains the basic ingredients of rocket fuel too and the discovery of water in the equatorial permafrost would transform the credibility of a future colony .
Right now , there are people on our own planet dreaming up all kinds of weird and wonderful ways to cut the CO2 and arrest global warming .
Maybe , just maybe , some of these techniques will give us the option of turning the planet Venus into an Earth - like world .
But even if they do , the idea of Venus as a place worth visiting is still centuries away .
If we Earthlings are looking for a place to establish our first colonies in space , it is surely Mars .
Steven Cutts 's book about Mars , Viking Village , is available in December 2009 ( Pen Press )
Psychopaths ... we usually only know them from Hollywood movies .
We never expect them to enter our real life .
But , the psychopath is closer than you think .
Experts believe their number to be as high as one in a hundred .
Most of them function incognito in high - powered professions ... all the way to the very top .
But ... it takes one to truly know one .
In this intriguing documentary , Sam Vaknin , a self - proclaimed psychopath , goes in search of a diagnosis .
In a scientific first , he allows himself to undergo testing to find out if he was born without a conscience .
He knows he 's narcissistic and cannot empathize with others .
By his own admission , he 's pompous , grandiose , repulsive and contradictory , ruthless and devoid of scruples , capricious and unfathomable ... but he believes , he 's not a bad person .
What he is is indifferent ... he could n't care less .
Unless , of course , the topic is himself .
Vaknin and his long - suffering but ever - loyal wife , Lidija , embark on a diagnostic road trip .
But , it 's uncharted territory ... deep into the mind and life of a psychopath .
The 47 - year - old convicted corporate criminal has agreed to take part in the pursuit of his own diagnosis ... meeting the world 's experts in psychopathy in the hope that science will provide some answers for why he is like he is .
These experts put Vaknin ( and his wife ) through a battery of rigorous psychological tests and neuro - scientific experiments .
Vaknin is shocked at the results .
Sam , his wife , the scientists , the film - makers - will they ever be quite the same again ?
News Articles Excerpts of Key News Articles in Major Media
Below are key excerpts of little - known , yet highly revealing news articles from the media .
Links are provided to the full news articles for verification .
If any link fails to function , read Links are provided to the full news articles for verification .
If any link fails to function , read this webpage .
These articles are listed by order of importance .
You can also explore them listed by order of the date of the news article or by the date posted .
By choosing to educate ourselves , we can build a brighter future
Note : Explore our full index to revealing excerpts of key major media news articles on dozens of engaging topics .
And read excerpts from 20 of the most revealing news articles ever published .
U.S. Military Wanted to Provoke War With Cuba
2001-05-01 , ABC News
In the early 1960s , America 's top military leaders reportedly drafted plans to kill innocent people and commit acts of terrorism in U.S. cities to create public support for a war against Cuba .
Code named Operation Northwoods , the plans reportedly included the possible assassination of Cuban émigrés , sinking boats of Cuban refugees on the high seas , hijacking planes , blowing up a U.S. ship , and even orchestrating violent terrorism in U.S. cities .
The plans were developed as ways to trick the American public and the international community into supporting a war to oust Cuba 's ... Fidel Castro .
America 's top military brass even contemplated causing U.S. military casualties , writing : " We could blow up a U.S. ship in Guantanamo Bay and blame Cuba , " and , " casualty lists in U.S. newspapers would cause a helpful wave of national indignation . "
The plans had the written approval of all of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and were presented to President Kennedy 's defense secretary , Robert McNamara , in March 1962 .
But they apparently were rejected by the civilian leadership and have gone undisclosed for nearly 40 years .
The Joint Chiefs even proposed using the potential death of astronaut John Glenn during the first attempt to put an American into orbit as a false pretext for war with Cuba .
Should the rocket explode and kill Glenn , they wrote , " the objective is to provide irrevocable proof … that the fault lies with the Communists . "
The scary thing is none of this stuff comes out until 40 years after .
Note :
Why was ABC the only major news source to report on this highly revealing story ?
Read the shocking declassified documents on Operation Northwoods .
Many military and political leaders look at the world as a grand chessboard .
Sacrificing pawns ( innocent civilians ) is sometimes necessary to capture the queen .
Explore revealing news articles on military corruption .
Then check out eye - opening 9/11 news articles .
Inside the secretive Bilderberg Group
2005-09 - 29 , BBC News
How much influence do private networks of the rich and powerful have on government policies and international relations ?
One group , the Bilderberg , has often attracted speculation that it forms a shadowy global government .
Every year since 1954 [ they have brought ] together about 120 leading business people and politicians .
At this year 's meeting in Germany , the audience included the heads of the World Bank and European Central Bank , Chairmen or Chief Executives from Nokia , BP , Unilever , DaimlerChrysler and Pepsi ... editors from five major newspapers , members of parliament , ministers , European commissioners ... and the queen of the Netherlands .
The chairman ... is 73 - year - old Viscount Etienne Davignon .
In an extremely rare interview , he played down the importance of Bilderberg .
" I do n't think ( we are ) a global ruling class because I do n't think a global ruling class exists . "
Will Hutton ... who attended a Bilderberg meeting in 1997 , says people take part in these networks in order to influence the way the world works , to create what he calls " the international common sense " .
And that " common sense " is one which supports the interests of Bilderberg 's main participants .
For Bilderberg 's critics the fact that there is almost no publicity about the annual meetings is proof that they are up to no good .
Bilderberg meetings often feature future political leaders shortly before they become household names .
Bill Clinton went in 1991 while still governor of Arkansas , Tony Blair was there two years later while still an opposition MP .
All the recent presidents of the European Commission attended Bilderberg meetings before they were appointed .
Informal and private networks like Bilderberg have helped to oil the wheels of global politics and globalisation for the past half a century .
Note :
Why is this meeting of top world leaders kept so secret ?
Why , until a few years ago , was there virtually no reporting on this influential group in the major media ?
Thankfully , the alternative media has had some good articles .
And a Google search can be highly informative .
Explore many other revealing major media news articles on powerful secret societies .
And for those interested , check out reliable , eye - opening information covering the big picture of how and why these secret societies are using government - sponsored mind control programs to achieve their agenda .
[ 9/11 ]
Hijack ' suspects ' alive and well
2001-09 - 23 , BBC
News
Another of the men named by the FBI as a hijacker in the [ 9/11 ] suicide attacks on Washington and New York has turned up alive and well .
The identities of four of the 19 suspects accused of having carried out the attacks are now in doubt .
Saudi Arabian pilot Waleed Al Shehri was one of five men that the FBI said had deliberately crashed American Airlines flight 11 into the World Trade Centre on 11 September .
His photograph was released , and has since appeared in newspapers and on television around the world .
He told journalists there that he had nothing to do with the attacks .
He has contacted both the Saudi and American authorities .
He acknowledges that he attended flight training school at Daytona Beach in the United States , and is indeed the same Waleed Al Shehri to whom the FBI has been referring .
But , he says , he left the United States in September last year [ and ] became a pilot with Saudi Arabian airlines .
Abdulaziz Al Omari , another of the Flight 11 hijack suspects ... says he is an engineer with Saudi Telecoms , and that he lost his passport while studying in Denver .
Meanwhile ... a London - based Arabic daily says it has interviewed Saeed Alghamdi .
He was listed by the FBI as a hijacker in the United flight that crashed in Pennsylvania .
And there are suggestions that another suspect , Khalid Al Midhar , may also be alive .
FBI Director Robert Mueller acknowledged on Thursday that the identity of several of the suicide hijackers is in doubt .
Note :
The deceptions in the 9/11 official story are clearly shown in this key story .
The FBI never revised its list of alleged hijackers .
These four are all listed in the official 9/11 Commission report as the hijackers .
Click here and scroll down a little over half way to see their photos in the official report .
For more , see this webpage .
Explore also concise summaries of deeply revealing news articles with evidence of a 9/11 cover - up from reliable major media sources .
Then examine an abundance of reliable information suggesting a major 9/11 cover-up .
Former Air Force officers say UFOs interfered with nuclear missiles
2010 - 10 - 27 , ABC
News
The U.S. government 's official line may be that unidentified flying objects ( UFOs ) do n't pose a national security threat , but a group of former Air Force officers gathered Monday in the nation 's capital to tell a different story .
During a press conference at the National Press Club in Washington , D.C. , seven former Air Force officers once stationed at nuclear bases around the country said that not only have UFOs visited Air Force bases , some have succeeded in disabling nuclear missiles stationed there .
" I want the government to acknowledge that this phenomenon exists , " said Robert Salas , a former U.S. Air Force Nuclear Launch Officer .
Salas said he does n't think the UFOs he claims to have encountered had any offensive intent , but he believes they wanted to leave an impression .
" They wanted to shine a light on our nuclear weapons and just send us a message , " he said .
" My interpretation is the message is get rid of them because it 's going to mean our destruction . "
Other former officers recounted similar stories of unexplained moving lights and odd - shaped flying objects during their time in the service .
Leslie Kean , an investigative journalist and author of the new book " UFOs : Generals , Pilots , and Government Officials Go on the Record , " said thousands of pages of documentation support the officers ' accounts .
She spent the last 10 years researching UFOs and combing through thousands of pages of declassified government material .
Kean said that one declassified document that she researched for her book , relating to the Salas incident , said , " the fact that no apparent reason for the loss of the 10 missiles can easily be identified is a cause for grave concern to this headquarters . "
Note : Watch CNN coverage of this most fascinating testimony .
This is not the first time government and military witnesses have testified at the National Press Club about a major cover - up of UFOs .
Watch 22 witnesses testifying to remarkable personal stories in May 2001 .
A two - page written summary presents amazing UFO testimony from top officials .
And do n't miss these fascinating news articles on UFOs .
What may be the best UFO documentary ever made , Out of the Blue , is also available for free viewing .
The War On Waste
2002-01 - 29 , CBS News
On Sept. 10 [ 2001 ] , Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld declared war .
Not on foreign terrorists , " the adversary 's closer to home .
It 's the Pentagon bureaucracy . "
He said money wasted by the military poses a serious threat .
Rumsfeld promised change but the next day – Sept. 11 – the world changed and in the rush to fund the war on terrorism , the war on waste seems to have been forgotten .
Just last week President Bush announced , " my 2003 budget calls for more than $ 48 billion in new defense spending . "
More money for the Pentagon ... while its own auditors admit the military cannot account for 25 percent of what it spends .
" According to some estimates we cannot track $ 2.3 trillion in transactions , " Rumsfeld admitted .
$ 2.3 trillion – that 's $ 8,000 for every man , woman and child in America .
A former Marine turned whistle - blower is risking his job by speaking out ... about the millions he noticed were missing from one defense agency 's balance sheets .
Jim Minnery , Defense Finance and Accounting Service ... tried to follow the money trail , even crisscrossing the country looking for records .
" The director looked at me and said ' Why do you care about this stuff ? '
It took me aback .
My supervisor asking me why I care about doing a good job , " said Minnery .
He was reassigned and says officials then covered up the problem .
The Pentagon 's Inspector General " partially substantiated " several of Minnery 's allegations .
Note : Watch the CBS video clip of this shocking admission .
Another key clip is available here .
Explore also other media articles revealing major government corruption .
Even though originally not reported because of the trauma of 9/11 , why was n't this news broadcast far and wide later ?
Why is n't it making media headlines now ?
See also a revealing collection of news articles on military corruption .
Report of the Select Committee on Assassinations of the U.S. House of Representatives
1979-07-01 , United States National Archives
Findings of the Select Committee on Assassinations in the Assassination of President John F. Kennedy in Dallas , Tex. , November 22 , 1963 .
Scientific acoustical evidence establishes a high probability that two gunmen fired at President John F. Kennedy .
Other scientific evidence does not preclude the possibility of two gunmen firing at the President .
The committee believes , on the basis of the evidence available to it , that President John F. Kennedy was probably assassinated as a result of a conspiracy .
The committee is unable to identify the other gunman or the extent of the conspiracy .
The [ original ] investigation into the possibility of conspiracy in the assassination was inadequate .
The conclusions of the investigations were arrived at in good faith , but presented in a fashion that was too definitive .
The Department of Justice failed to exercise initiative in supervising and directing the investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation of the assassination .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation failed to investigate adequately the possibility of a conspiracy to assassinate the President .
The Central Intelligence Agency was deficient in its collection and sharing of information both prior to and subsequent to the assassination .
The Warren Commission failed to investigate adequately the possibility of a conspiracy to assassinate the President .
Note :
This same US Congressional report , on the subject of the Martin Luther King , Jr. assassination , states that " The committee believes , on the basis of the circumstantial evidence available to it , that there is a likelihood that James Earl Ray assassinated Dr. Martin Luther King as a result of a conspiracy . "
Why has n't this information been widely reported and become public knowledge ?
Explore a possible answer .
For more along these lines , see concise summaries of deeply revealing news articles on assassinations from reliable major media sources .
A New Way to Fight Cancer ?
2007 -01 - 23 , Newsweek
There are no magic bullets in the fight against cancer : that 's the first thing every responsible scientist mentions when discussing a possible new treatment , no matter how promising .
If there were a magic bullet , though , it might be something like dichloroacetate , or DCA , a drug that kills cancer cells by exploiting a fundamental weakness found in a wide range of solid tumors .
So far , though , it kills them just in test tubes and in rats infected with human cancer cells ; it has never been tested against cancer in living human beings .
DCA ... is an existing drug whose side effects are well - studied and relatively tolerable .
Also , it 's a small molecule that might be able to cross the blood - brain barrier to reach otherwise intractable brain tumors .
Within days after a technical paper on DCA appeared in the journal Cancer Cell last week , the lead author , Dr. Evangelos Michelakis of the University of Alberta , was deluged with calls and e-mails from prospective patients — to whom he can say only , “ Hang in there . ” DCA is a remarkably simple molecule .
It acts in the body to promote the activity of the mitochondria .
Researchers have assumed that the mitochondria in cancer cells were irreparably damaged .
But Michelakis wondered if that was really true .
With his colleagues he used DCA to turn back on the mitochondria in cancer cells — which promptly died .
One of the great things about DCA is that it's a simple compound , in the public domain , and could be produced for pennies a dose .
But that 's also a problem , because big drug companies are unlikely to spend a billion dollars or so on large - scale clinical trials for a compound they can't patent .
Note : Read a 2010 follow - up by Dr. Michelakis with promising results and watch a 10 - minute video .
Explore the DCA website .
Why did n't other mass media report this major story ?
Why are n't many millions of dollars being poured into research ?
Notice even Newsweek acknowledges the drug companies are not interested in finding a cure for cancer if they can't make a profit from it .
Some suspect the drug companies have even suppressed cancer cures found in the past .
See one amazing example of this .
For more , see these major media articles on potential cancer cures .
C.I.A. Data Show 14 - Year Project On Controlling Human Behavior
1977-07 - 21 , New York Times
The Central Intelligence Agency conducted a 14 - year program to find ways to " control human behavior " through the use of chemical , biological and radiological material , according to agency documents made public today by John Marks .
The documents ... suggested broader experimentation on unwitting humans by the intelligence agency or its paid researchers than had been publicly known before .
Mr. Marks distributed 20 documents that described the following incidents , among others :
In 1956 , the C.I.A. contracted with a private physician to test " bulbocapnine , " a drug that can cause stupor or induce a catatonic state , on monkeys and " convicts incarcerated at " an unnamed state penitentiary .
A letter from an unnamed C.I.A. official in 1949 discussed ways of killing people without leaving a trace .
" I believe that there are two chemical substances which would be most useful in that they would leave no characteristic pathological findings , " the letter said .
In 1952 , two Russian agents who were " suspected of being doubled " were interrogated using " narcohypnotic " methods .
The two men were given sodium pentothal and a stimulant .
One interrogation produced a " remarkable " regression , the papers said , during which " the subject actually relived certain past activities of his life .
The subject totally accepted Mr. [ name deleted ] as an old and trusted and beloved personal friend whom the subject had known in years past in Georgia , U.S.S.R . "
The C.I.A. conducted secret medical experiments from 1949 through 1963 under the code names Bluebird , Artichoke , MK Ultra and MK Delta .
Note :
If the above link fails , click here .
Watch a one - minute video clip showing Congressional testimony on a dart gun which causes a heart attack without leaving any evidence .
Explore further reliable , verifiable information suggesting a major cover - up of government mind control programs .
Read other revealing news articles on mind control .
Hypnotic Experimentation and Research
1954-02 - 10 , Declassified CIA
Document ( Verify using note below )
A posthypnotic of the night before ( pointed finger , you will sleep ) was enacted .
Misses [ deleted ] and [ deleted ] immediately progressed to a deep hypnotic state with no further suggestion .
Miss [ deleted ] was then instructed ( having previously expressed a fear of firearms in any fashion ) that she would use every method at her disposal to awaken Miss [ deleted ] ( now in a deep hypnotic sleep ) and failing this , she would pick up a pistol nearby and fire it at Miss [ deleted ] .
She was instructed that her rage would be so great that she would not hesitate to “ kill ” [ deleted ] for failing to awaken .
Miss [ deleted ] carried out these suggestions to the letter including firing the ( unloaded ) gun at [ deleted ] and then proceeding to fall into a deep sleep .
Both were awakened and expressed complete amnesia for the entire sequence .
Miss [ deleted ] was again handed the gun , which she refused ( in an awakened state ) to pick up or accept from the operator .
She expressed absolute denial that the foregoing sequence had happened .
Note :
This text is quoted from page 1 of declassified CIA document MORI ID 190691 .
To verify the statement in the text , make a FOIA ( Freedom of Information Act ) request as described here , or directly view a scanned copy online here .
To access thousands of pages of declassified CIA mind control documents online , click here .
For lots more reliable information on this crucial topic , click here .
For many revealing news articles on mind control , click here .
When Seeing and Hearing Is n't Believing
1999-02-01 , Washington Post
" Gentlemen !
We have called you together to inform you that we are going to overthrow the United States government . "
So begins a statement being delivered by Gen. Carl W. Steiner .
At least the voice sounds amazingly like him .
But it is not Steiner .
It is the result of voice " morphing " technology developed at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico .
Psychological operations ... PSYOPS , as the military calls it , seek to exploit human vulnerabilities in enemy governments , militaries and populations to pursue national and battlefield objectives .
Covert operators kicked around the idea of creating a computer - faked videotape of Saddam Hussein crying or showing other such manly weaknesses , or in some sexually compromising situation .
The nascent plan was for the tapes to be flooded into Iraq and the Arab world .
The tape war never proceeded ... but the " strategic " PSYOPS scheming did n't die .
What if the U.S. projected a holographic image of Allah floating over Baghdad urging the Iraqi people and Army to rise up against Saddam ?
According to a military physicist given the task of looking into the hologram idea , the feasibility had been established of projecting large , three - dimensional objects that appeared to float in the air .
A super secret program was established in 1994 to pursue the very technology for PSYOPS application .
The " Holographic Projector " is described in a classified Air Force document as a system to " project information power from space ... for special operations deception missions . "
Note :
If the above link fails , click here .
If you want to understand some of the many hidden capabilities of the U.S. military , this article is a must read .
Watch this video to see how easily anyone 's face can be manipulated on video to say anything in a way that appears startlingly real .
For other revealing news articles on the use of these " nonlethal " weapons on this webpage .
Pentagon sets sights on public opinion
2009-02-05 , NBC / Associated Press
The Pentagon is steadily and dramatically increasing the money it spends to win what it calls " the human terrain " of world public opinion .
In the process , it is raising concerns of spreading propaganda at home in violation of federal law .
An Associated Press investigation found that over the past five years , the money the military spends on winning hearts and minds at home and abroad has grown by 63 percent , to at least $ 4.7 billion this year , according to Department of Defense budgets and other documents .
That 's almost as much as it spent on body armor for troops in Iraq and Afghanistan between 2004 and 2006 .
This year , the Pentagon will employ 27,000 people just for recruitment , advertising and public relations — almost as many as the total 30,000 - person work force in the State Department .
The biggest chunk of funds — about $ 1.6 billion — goes into recruitment and advertising .
Another $ 547 million goes into public affairs , which reaches American audiences .
And about $ 489 million more goes into what is known as psychological operations .
Staffing across all these areas costs about $ 2.1 billion , as calculated by the number of full - time employees and the military 's average cost per service member .
That 's double the staffing costs for 2003 .
Recruitment and advertising are the only two areas where Congress has authorized the military to influence the American public .
Far more controversial is public affairs , because of the prohibition on propaganda to the American public .
Note :
For more revealing reports from reliable sources on the realities of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , click here .
How can it be that you pay more to the IRS than General Electric ?
2010 -04-01 , Forbes magazine
Some of the world 's biggest , most profitable corporations enjoy a far lower tax rate than you do – that is , if they pay taxes at all .
The most egregious example is General Electric .
Last year the conglomerate generated $ 10.3 billion in pretax income , but ended up owing nothing to Uncle Sam .
In fact , it recorded a tax benefit of $ 1.1 billion .
How did this happen ?
It 's complicated .
GE in effect consists of two divisions : General Electric Capital and everything else .
The everything else – maker of engines , power plants , TV shows and the like – would have paid a 22 % tax rate if it was a standalone company .
It 's GE Capital that keeps the overall tax bill so low .
Over the last two years , GE Capital has displayed an uncanny ability to lose lots of money in the U.S. ( posting a $ 6.5 billion loss in 2009 ) , and make lots of money overseas ( a $ 4.3 billion gain ) .
Not only do the U.S. losses balance out the overseas gains , but GE can defer taxes on that overseas income indefinitely .
It 's the tax benefit of overseas operations that is the biggest reason why multinationals end up with lower tax rates than the rest of us .
Note : Note that Forbes later changed the title of this article to a more innocuous " What The Top U.S. Companies Pay In Taxes . "
Can you believe that GE not only pays no taxes , they actually get credit from the US government ?
They ship US jobs overseas and then reap huge tax benefits as a result .
What 's wrong with this picture ?
For a wealth of media news articles on the hidden manipulations of major financial corporations , click here .
BlackLight 's physics - defying promise : Cheap power from water
2008-07-02 , CNN Money
Imagine being able to convert water into a boundless source of cheap energy .
That 's what BlackLight Power , a 25 - employee firm in Cranbury , N.J. , says it can do .
The only problem :
Most scientists say that company 's technology violates the basic laws of physics .
Such skepticism does n't daunt Dr. Randell Mills , a Harvard - trained physician and founder of BlackLight , who recently claimed that he has created a working fuel cell using the world 's most pervasive element : the hydrogen found in water .
Mills says he has a market - ready product : a fuel cell that produces a chemical reaction to alter hydrogen atoms .
The fuel cell releases heat that turns water into steam , which drives electric turbines .
The working models in his lab generate 50 kilowatts of electricity - enough to power six or seven houses .
But these , Mills says , can be scaled [ up ] to drive a large , electric power plant .
The inventor claims this electricity will cost less than 2 cents per kilowatt - hour , which compares to a national average of 8.9 cents .
Mills developed the patented cocktail that enables the reaction - a solid fuel made of hydrogen and a sodium hydride catalyst - only a year ago .
( He recently posted instructions on the company 's Web site , blacklightpower.com ) .
Now that the device is ready for commercialization , he says , BlackLight is negotiating with several utilities and architecture and engineering firms .
The business , Mills says , has attracted $ 60 million in funding from wealthy individuals , investment firms ... and it is no longer seeking money .
BlackLight 's board of directors reads like a Who 's Who of finance and energy leaders .
Note : For two New York Times articles showing the viability of this amazing technology , click here and here .
And for the latest on this exciting technology , click here .
For many other exciting major media news articles on new energy inventions , click here .
Political ties to a secretive religious group
2008-04-03 , MSNBC
News
For more than 50 years , the National Prayer Breakfast has been a Washington institution .
Every president has attended the breakfast since Eisenhower .
Besides the presidents ... the one constant presence at the National Prayer Breakfast has been Douglas Coe .
Although he ’s not an ordained minister , the 79 - year - old Coe is the most important religious leader you 've never seen or heard .
Scores of senators in both parties ... go to small weekly Senate prayer groups that Coe attends , [ including ] senators John McCain , Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton .
Observers who have investigated Coe ’s group , called The Fellowship Foundation , [ describe ] a secretive organization .
Coe repeatedly urges a personal commitment to Jesus Christ .
It ’s a commitment Coe compares to the blind devotion that Adolph Hitler demanded .
" Hitler , Goebbels and Himmler .
Think of the immense power these three men had . ”
Coe also quoted Jesus and said : “ One of the things [ Jesus ] said is ' If any man comes to me and does not hate his father , mother , brother , sister , his own life , he can't be a disciple . ’ "
Writer Jeff Sharlet ... lived among
Coe 's followers six years ago , and came out troubled by their secrecy and rhetoric .
“ We were being taught the leadership lessons of Hitler , Lenin and Mao .
Hitler ’s genocide was n’t really an issue for them .
It was the strength that he emulated , ” said Sharlet , who ... has now written about The Fellowship , also known to insiders as The Family , in [ a ] book called The Family : The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power .
Note :
This article strangely has been removed from the MSNBC website , though you can still access it using the Internet Archive .
Watch the incredible four - minute NBC video clip showing Coe praising a communist Red Guard member for cutting the head off his mother at this link .
For more on Coe 's powerful links to Congress and corruption , see the MSNBC article available here .
And for powerful inside information from a mind programmer who claims to have escaped from " the family , " and another who says he is from a very high level there , click here and here .
To develop an understanding of the bigger picture behind all of this , click here .
Free -hug man speaks out
2006 -09 - 28 , Sydney Morning Herald ( Australia 's leading newspaper )
The man behind the latest YouTube sensation has spoken out for the first time about his global cuddling controversy .
Serial hugger Juan Mann describes the free hugs he hands out ... as fast - food emotion .
His cuddling campaign received an international dose of publicity today , after a clip showing his public displays of affection won a coveted front page spot on the video sharing website .
An American television audience of millions also watched him at work , when the video was broadcast on the prime - time breakfast program Good Morning America yesterday .
Today , the hugger was at it again , brandishing his " free hugs " sign in the busy pedestrian thoroughfare , and having quite a few people take him up on his offer .
" It 's a way to make people smile , " Mann said .
" For every person who gets a hug , you see five walk past with a smile on their face . "
But his efforts to spread the love became a little too popular for some people 's liking , according to a blurb on the YouTube video , which said : " As this symbol of human hope spread across the city , police and officials ordered the Free Hugs campaign BANNED . "
Undeterred , Mann collected more than 10,000 signatures on a petition he presented to the City of Sydney council .
Demands for a halt to the hugs petered out shortly after , and the end of the clip shows Mann hugging an official .
City worker Elly Mitchell , who handed out a few free hugs on her lunch break today , said she was inspired to organise [ an ] event after seeing the video online .
" We 're going to hug the city , " Ms Mitchell said .
Note :
If you have n't seen this powerfully inspiring four - minute video clip , join the many millions who have by watching it on this webpage .
The free hugs movement spread rapidly around the world !
See this fun video and this inspiring one for great examples .
Then check out several other short , deeply inspiring videos .
' Bonesmen ' for president
2004-03 -10 , NBC News
Pres. Bush and John Kerry were both members of the secret organization .
‘ Skull and Bones ’ dates to 1832 .
It was in fact a reaction to a secret society , the Masons .
Founder William Huntington
Russell thought of his little enclave as sort of anti-Masons and as a home for the wealthy and the powerful ... who would do anything for another Bonesman .
Each year , 15 young undergraduate seniors are tapped for membership .
Members of ‘ Skull and Bones ’ gather on High Street in the Yale campus at the tomb .
New members , the neophytes , are expected to do things like lie in coffins , wrestle in mud , kiss a skull , and confess their sexual histories in front of the group to bond themselves together .
Once you ‘re in , you ‘re in : ‘ Skull and Bones ’ is for life .
There are a lot of [ famous ]
Bonesmen ... Henry Luce , who created “ TIME ” magazine ; Harold Stanley , founder of Morgan Stanley ; William F. Buckley ; Averell Harriman , long - time governor of New York .
And then there are the presidents : William Howard Taft , whose father , Alphonso , had helped found the group ; George Herbert Walker Bush , whose father , Prescott , was a Bonesman and a senator ; the current President Bush .
[ And there 's ] John Kerry , Bonesman class of ‘ 66 .
His wife Teresa Kerry ‘s first husband , John Heinz ... was ‘ Skull and Bones . ’
Both Bush and Kerry refused to answer ‘ Meet the Press ’ host Tim Russert when asked about the organization .
Alexandra Robbins , author of “ Secrets of the Tombs " [ said ]
" The sole purpose of Skull and Bones is to get members into positions of power and then to have those members hire other members to prominent positions , which is something that President Bush has done . "
Note :
For a highly revealing , four - minute CNN News clip on Skull and Bones , click here .
Many have claimed that secret societies have not had much influence on world politics .
This article and videos raises many serious questions about this .
For those interested in exploring reliable information covering the big picture of how and why these secret societies are using government - sponsored mind control programs to achieve their agenda , click here .
And for other revealing media news articles on powerful secret societies , click here .
Alleged [ 9/11 ]
Hijackers May Have Trained At U.S. Bases
2001 -09 - 14 , Newsweek Magazine
U.S. military sources have given the FBI information that suggests five of the alleged hijackers of the planes that were used in [ the 9/11 ] terror attacks received training at secure U.S. military installations in the 1990s .
Three of the alleged hijackers listed their address on drivers licenses and car registrations as the Naval Air Station in Pensacola , Fla . -- known as the " Cradle of U.S. Navy Aviation , " according to a high - ranking U.S. Navy source .
Another of the alleged hijackers may have been trained in strategy and tactics at the Air War College in Montgomery , Ala. , said another high - ranking Pentagon official .
The fifth man may have received language instruction at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio , Tex .
Both were former Saudi Air Force pilots who had come to the United States , according to the Pentagon source .
The five men were on a list of 19 people identified as hijackers by the FBI on [ September 14 ] .
The three foreign nationals training in Pensacola appear to be Saeed Alghamdi and Ahmad Alnami , who were among the four men who allegedly commandeered United Airlines Flight 93 .
That flight [ ended in ] rural Pennsylvania .
The third man who may have trained in Pensacola , Ahmed Alghamdi , allegedly helped highjack United Airlines Flight 75 , which hit the south tower of the World Trade Center .
Military records show that the three used as their address 10 Radford Boulevard , a base roadway on which residences for foreign - military flight trainees are located .
Note :
For more on this vitally important news , see this Washington Post news article and this Los Angeles Times news article .
Several of the alleged hijackers also contacted US media shortly after 9/11 to report that they were alive and were not on the hijacked planes , as reported in this BBC article and this Times of London article .
Yet the 9/11 Commission Report lists these men as the official hijackers .
Explore many other major media news articles suggesting that rogue elements of government were involved in 9/11 .
See also our excellent 9/11 Information Center .
US plans to fight the net revealed
2006-01 - 27 , BBC
News
A newly declassified document gives a fascinating glimpse into the US military 's plans for " information operations " .
The declassified document is called " Information Operations Roadmap " .
It was obtained by the National Security Archive at George Washington University using the Freedom of Information Act. Officials in the Pentagon wrote it in 2003 .
The Secretary of Defense , Donald Rumsfeld , signed it .
The operations described in the document include a surprising range of military activities : public affairs officers who brief journalists , psychological operations troops who try to manipulate the thoughts and beliefs of an enemy , computer network attack specialists who seek to destroy enemy networks .
The military 's psychological operations , or Psyops , is finding its way onto the computer and television screens of ordinary Americans .
" Psyops messages will often be replayed by the news media for much larger audiences , including the American public .
Strategy should be based on the premise that the Department [ of Defense ] will ' fight the net ' as it would an enemy weapons system , " it reads .
The document recommends that the United States should seek the ability to " provide maximum control of the entire electromagnetic spectrum " .
US forces should be able to " disrupt or destroy the full spectrum of globally emerging communications systems , sensors , and weapons systems dependent on the electromagnetic spectrum " .
The fact that the " Information Operations Roadmap " is approved by the Secretary of Defense suggests that these plans are taken very seriously indeed in the Pentagon .
Note :
For other revealing news articles on military corruption , click here .
For other revealing news articles on government corruption , click here .
Why Almost Everything You Hear About Medicine Is Wrong
2011 -01 - 24 , Newsweek
If you follow the news about health research , you risk whiplash .
First garlic lowers bad cholesterol , then — after more study — it does n’t .
Hormone replacement reduces the risk of heart disease in postmenopausal women , until a huge study finds that it does n’t .
But what if wrong answers are n’t the exception but the rule ?
More and more scholars who scrutinize health research are now making that claim .
It is n’t just an individual study here and there that ’s flawed , they charge .
Instead , the very framework of medical investigation may be off - kilter , leading time and again to findings that are at best unproved and at worst dangerously wrong .
The result is a system that leads patients and physicians astray — spurring often costly regimens that wo n’t help and may even harm you .
Even a cursory glance at medical journals shows that once heralded studies keep falling by the wayside .
A major study concluded there ’s no good evidence that statins ( drugs like Lipitor and Crestor ) help people with no history of heart disease .
The study ... was based on an evaluation of 14 individual trials with 34,272 patients .
Cost of statins : more than $ 20 billion per year .
“ Positive ” drug trials , which find that a treatment is effective , and “ negative ” trials , in which a drug fails , take the same amount of time to conduct .
But negative trials took an extra two to four years to be published .
With billions of dollars on the line , companies are loath to declare a new drug ineffective .
As a result of the lag in publishing negative studies , patients receive a treatment that is actually ineffective .
From clinical trials of new drugs to cutting - edge genetics , biomedical research is riddled with incorrect findings .
Note :
For the good of your health , the entire article at the link above is well worth reading .
For lots more on how the profit - oriented health profession puts public health at risk , click here and here .
INTELLIGENCE : Of Dart Guns and Poisons
1975-09-09 , Time Magazine
For nearly nine months the congressional investigations of the Central Intelligence Agency have been conducted behind closed doors .
In the old Senate caucus room the ten members of the select Senate committee were questioning CIA officials , including Director William Colby and the deputy director for science and technology , Sayre Stevens , about 11 gm. of shellfish toxin and 8 mg. of cobra venom discovered last May in a CIA storeroom .
Colby revealed that the agency in 1952 began a supersecret research program , code - named M.K. Naomi , partly to find countermeasures to chemical and biological weapons that might be used by the Russian KGB .
CIA researchers ... came up with an array of James Bond weaponry that could use the shellfish toxin and other poisons as ammunition .
To illustrate his testimony , Colby handed a pistol to Committee Chairman Frank Church .
Resembling a Colt .45 equipped with a fat telescopic sight , the gun fires a toxin - tipped dart , almost silently and accurately up to 250 ft .
Moreover , the dart is so tiny — the width of a human hair and a quarter of an inch long — as to be almost indetectable , and the poison leaves no trace in a victim 's body .
Charles Senseney , an engineer for the Defense Department , told the Senators that he had devised dart launchers that were disguised as walking canes and umbrellas .
Note :
This silent , lethal dart gun causes what looks like a natural heart attack .
If this sophisticated assassination technology was available back in 1975 , what kind of secret weapons do you think they have now ?
To watch an incredible one - minute video clip on this dart gun , click here .
To watch the full , highly revealing Warner Brothers documentary Secrets of the CIA , click here .
For other riveting major media articles along these lines , click here .
Important Note : Explore our full index to revealing excerpts of key major media news articles on several dozen engaging topics .
And do n't miss amazing excerpts from 20 of the most revealing news articles ever published .
Radio 4 has replaced a continuity announcer known as the " voice of the Shipping Forecast " a month after he accidentally swore on air .
Peter Jefferson , who worked for the BBC for 45 years , swore after mixing up his words as he tried to complete a sentence before the famous " pips " at the top of the hour on Radio 4 .
The 64 - year - old has been told by BBC managers that his services are no longer needed .
The Corporation received two complaints after Jefferson 's accidental outburst during the 8 pm pips on 18 August .
He was reading a continuity announcement when he mixed up his words , causing him to almost talk over the beginning of the pips .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Although he managed to finish just in time he could then be heard muttering the F - word between the second and third pips , mistakenly believing he had turned the microphone off : " Archive on Friday ... on Four on Saturday at eight ... fuck ! "
The BBC offered a swift apology and said at the time it would discuss the issue with Jefferson .
Last night , the Corporation insisted that the decision to end his freelance work as a Radio 4 continuity announcer was unrelated to the incident and part of a wider plan to open up opportunities for newcomers .
It said Jefferson would still feature on the station 's panel game Quote Unquote .
David Anderson , Radio 4's presentation editor , said : " We have a hugely experienced team of continuity announcers and newsreaders who add much to the quality of Radio 4 , and Peter has been very much a part of the fabric of the network for many years .
We are extremely grateful to him for his contribution throughout that time both as a member of staff and as a freelancer .
Peter has also been a great colleague and always a gentleman . "
A spokesman for the Corporation added : " It is important that we look forward and it is in the light of these future considerations that we have decided to make some space on our freelance rota to provide more opportunities to newcomers . "
There are more than 20 continuity announcers and newsreaders on Radio 4 but at this stage only Mr Jefferson has left the Corporation .
The news will disappoint millions of listeners for whom his distinctive voice on the Shipping Forecast was synonymous with the station .
Jefferson took early retirement from the BBC in 2001 but continued to work for the Corporation as a freelancer .
His last shift will be on 20 September .
Jefferson joined the BBC in 1964 , first as a librarian , before working as an announcer on the World Service , the Home Service and the Light Programme .
He has been at Radio 4 since 1974 and appeared on Quote Unquote and Poetry Please .
( CNN ) -- Oprah Winfrey will interview President Obama and his wife , Michelle , next month for a 60 - minute program to air before Christmas , the talk show host announced Wednesday .
" Christmas at the White House : An Oprah Primetime Special " will air at 10 p.m. ET December 13 on ABC , her Web site said .
" The intimate , informative and entertaining hourlong special will include a one - on - one conversation with the president , marking the first time Oprah has interviewed him since he took office , as well as an exclusive sit - down interview with the first couple , " it said .
The special " will showcase behind - the - scenes preparations as the White House gets ready for the holiday season , " the Web site said .
Winfrey , who supported Obama in his presidential bid and this month interviewed defeated GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin , recently said she will stop hosting her syndicated talk show in 2011 to focus on launching an Oprah Winfrey Network .
Dell Streak 5 - inch 3G Android MID leaks [ Update : Video ! ]
After Dell CEO Michael
Dell confirmed that the company ’s Android smartphone would , in fact , make it to the US – albeit with some changes from the original Chinese model – details of a second Android - based device have leaked .
According to Tinhte.com and another image supplied to SlashGear , you ’re looking at the Dell Streak , a 5 - inch WVGA 800 x 480 touchscreen Android 2.0 Donut MID , with WiFi , Bluetooth and 3G WWAN connectivity .
Front photos of the Dell Streak – together with size comparison shots – in the gallery , together with a hands - on video after the cut .
The Dell Streak – as the prototype is labelled – also has a 5 - megapixel camera with dual - LED flash , a microSD card slot and a 1,300 mAh battery .
Hands - on feedback is scant , aside from that the WiFi was very sensitive .
From the video , below , we can see that hardware controls are minimal , with three touch - sensitive buttons along the right - hand side of the display and volume controls – together with a camera shortcut and an unknown key – on the top edge .
A multifunction dock connector is on the bottom edge , and there appears to be a front - facing camera – presumably for video calls – on the left - hand side of the display .
On the “ engineering sample ” label , meanwhile , the model variant is listed as “ US ” , suggesting that at least prototypes using US - spec 3G are being tested .
The existence of the device fits in with rumors from back in June , when the Wall Street Journal reported that Dell had been developing Android MID prototypes .
Described as “ larger than Apple ’s iPod touch ” , the speculation was fuelled by later comments from Dell ’s consumer devision president , Ronald Garriques , who suggested that the company was considering screen sizes ranging from 4 - to 12 - inches .
[ Thanks Trung Tran ! ]
I found a website that has hundreds of USB gadgets and most of them are not dumb ....
They 're not just for geeks and gamers either , but are quite practical for all of us who spend our lives nearly chained to a computer .
Cold weather has arrived so I picked some hot , or at least warming , USB powered items as ideas for Christmas gifts from from the hundreds of USB products offered .
From USB Brando's Winter Collection ...
( UPDATE : Links to discontinued items have been removed .
You can find the latest USB heated items here . )
USB Christmas Gift Number 1 : USB Eye Warmer
I bet you think this is a joke , but think again .
Eyes get tired , if not cold , and heat relaxes .
The USB - powered Eye Warmer gives your eyes and your mind a break they totally deserve .
The Eye Warmer has a corded on - off switch and high - low settings for your heat .
( Discontinued )
USB Christmas Gift Number 2 . USB Whirl Wind Warmer Cup
Brando carries several different USB cup warmers as well as chillers , all with extra features .
But this USB cup does n't just hold your hot beverage , it mixes it for you .
No need to use a spoon , adding more clutter to your desk ; just add milk and / or sweetener and let the USB Whirl Wind them together .
Although not included , you may also use the Whirl Wind Warmer Cup with an AC adapter .
See a short video of the cup 's performance here .
.
USB Christmas Gift Number 3 : USB Lunchbox Warmer
This is a great choice for someone who works in an office without a microwave .
( Food smells do n't exactly impress office visitors . )
The plastic lunch box ( about 7.5 x 5.5 x 2.8 inches ) is surrounded top and bottom by two heaters stationed inside the thermal bag units .
Heats up to 122 degrees F. An Ac Adapter is included , if you do n't choose to use USB power .
USB LunchBox Warmer
USB Christmas Gift Number 5 : USB Hand Warmers
Brando carries all the cutie - pie USB gloves in various animal designs ; some with fitted finger holes and others made like mittens with an open space for fingers to move around .
They even have USB - heated Santa Claus Gloves .
For adults , especially if used in an office setting , I like Brando's USB Heating Gloves .
These are woolen and glove - style with covers for your finger tips , when you can take a break from the keyboard .
With two - levels of heat , the double - connected gloves can rise 10 degrees in five minutes .
USB Christmas Gift Number 6 : USB G - Gloves ( G is for Girls ! )
Geek chickadees will love these girlie USB G - Gloves in Pink , Blue , and Beige .
They work just like the adult ones , above , but they 're made for small hands and they 're pretty !
USB Christmas Gift Number 7 : USB Heated Knee Warmers
The USB Heated Knee Warmers knee warmers come with two USB cables and two battery packs , so you can wear them outdoors as well as at your desk .
Guys may not choose to wear these , but the ribbons -- which make them look a little girlie -- can be changed for different closures , which after Christmas may be a good idea for both genders .
USB Christmas Gift Number 7 : USB Heated Blanket
Now this is versatile .
You 've got 33 x 18 inches of soft heated blanket to cover anywhere you need warming ... in pink , grey , and dark blue .
Comes with a long cable for convenience .
Stays at about 95 degrees F , after heating .
USB Heated Blanket
USB Christmas Gift Number 8 : USB Foot Warmers
These booties come in pink and blue , are decently styled , and can be powered by two USB cables or two ( AA ) battery packs .
There are on / off and heat control switches , which provides more convenience in regulating your footsies ' heat .
Available in women 's size 10 US and men's size 9 US .
Men , I 'd go for the navy blues below which are in size 11.5 inches ; they have the same features except no battery packs .
USB Christmas Gift Number 9 : USB Mouse Pad Warmers
Brando has a few different styles of the Mouse Pad Warmer : the Burger , as shown here , the strawberry , and the mouse - eating dolphin for example .
They are all really fun , and practical , if it 's just your mouse hand that gets cold .
The lower surface of the Burger is a mouse pad , so you can guide your mouse around easily and keep your whole hand warm at the same time .
There are many more USB lifestyle gift ideas at Brando.com , as well as cool USB Christmas decorations for your monitor or computer area .
It really has everything USB !
( UPDATE : Links to discontinued items have been removed .
You can find the latest USB heated items here . )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An increasing number of Israeli soldiers are publicly objecting , on religious and political grounds , to their role in the evacuation of Jewish settlements in the West Bank .
" Refuseniks " , as dissenting soldiers are called in Israel , are being severely disciplined , amid fears for army morale .
Katya Adler reports .
There ’s a theory that goes something like this ‘ that a real man is a man who does all the fucking and asserts his will over the dominion .
He is the king and the queen is his muse , his prerogative and the thing that he fucks at will . ’
It ’s a theory that for some time has held sway .
Of course that was then and this is now and what you see now is a man that no longer resembles standard definitions .
It ’s a diabolical situation at best as the American male struggles to understand his place in the vast sandbox .
Current culture has dictated a consortium of platforms that the typical male is expected to conform to if he is to retain his valor , respect and yes ultimately the unyielding attention of the opposite sex who he aims innately to consort .
If he chooses to act outside these understood guidelines he risks ‘ being left ’ out and denied his masculinity .
Of course if he chooses to act within these guidelines he is also ultimately giving away his masculinity , for he is now asked to perform for show .
Failure to perform brings risk of alienation and being unable to pass on his genes assuming passing genes and sperm is the preferred pastime of the red blooded American male .
When one argues current culture dialectics we are obliged to ask ourselves what codes of behavior are we asking the male species to adopt to ?
Is he being asked to be more sensitive , show more emotion , exfoliate more often ?
What exactly defines his being ?
What is he obliged to show the world to support the idea that he is desirable and a worthwhile companion to the female series and a male that other males can respect and look up to ?
At one stage of America ’s history what defined masculinity included stoic dispositions , street brawls , broken noses , fast cars , drunken fits and lets never forget the ability to bring home the bacon .
It was a mans world that was typified by billboards full of cowboys looking into the vast distance of an America that he had yet to conquer but was bound to conquer .
He was Clark Gable , smooth , manly , with a way of the world and forever a reassuring presence no matter what demons lay ahead .
Juxtapose this today with images of balding fat men in sitcoms jumping and fearing their wives and full of insecurity .
Yet somehow this makes sense as we all now live in a world with vast unknown factors and ultimately the realization that he was never going to bring home the bacon unless his mate joined in the struggle .
A result of disintegrating economics , a result that now women were emancipated and if he were to stand a chance to attain their affections he would need to accept that where as the woman used to wait in the kitchen for her man now she would join him in the workforce and by extension show him he she rarely needed him except when it came time to procreation .
With the nineties the American male was introduced to the idea of the metro sexual , a man who could dress well , take care of his skin and who knew which fragrance went with what .
And it was good because he felt liberated , getting in touch with his feminine side and making the manufacturers who deemed such new products the necessary thing to have quite wealthy .
If he knew any better he was obliged to want .
On one hand a woman would claim she needed her man to be strong , virulent , able to protect and do all the dirty work and yet now he was also asked to show sudden emotion , compassion and an ability to express himself .
The same guy who had spent centuries being a brute , killing Indians , constructing vast railroads and machines , going to war and suddenly being told that was n’t good enough .
He was bound to be confused .
Today bill board are full of images of effeminate men with barely a chest hair , narrow hips and smooth chiseled cheeks .
He exists not as an overt sex symbol but as a synonym to female virtues .
He has ossified to the ideal female image and he strives to maintain these ideals even if he really does n’t understand what compels him .
In the end he betrays his tendencies to be dominant and instigative .
He can only retaliate by buying more cosmetics and then suddenly flying into mad drunken rages .
At least he looked manly when he got to show his muscles and if he was wrong he could always say it was the liquor …
In this environment how does a man begin to appreciate his role in society , as he struggles to find balance , the respect of other males and the sex of his counterparts ?
It is a vicious game of survival that requires most men keep their emotions in check , never to give too much away except when it was demanded of him .
A man of course ultimately has free will , irrespective of which tribe he comes from or which tribe he ferrets in .
He has to ultimately carve his identity irrespective of the tribe even if the tribe is always watching .
In the end the American male is left wondering how he must choose to behave , forever reminded as to what passes as acceptable and what unfortunately does n’t .
He is the conflicted male with more choices than ever , choice which weigh on him and that negate his natural desire to lead and to conquer .
It ’s a mans world except it really is n’t .
He is a man in duty , at his office and in his position yet ultimately he is obliged to be he is own man outside of cultural binaries if he is to sustain his identity assuming he has n’t bought into the myths that he is only a desirable male as long as he behaves , feels and dresses as what is expected of him .
What he expects of himself is rarely a question only so long as it proves his value to the tribe .
Spare a thought what a male could be if he were allowed to really own up to what made him whole , perhaps then he would’t necessarily feel obliged to live up to absurd societal standards but to platforms that would lead to his emancipation .
The Hue Of Hefner : How Color Made An Empire Possible
Dear Hugh Hefner :
Ever wondered why you ’re rich ?
Yes , yes , you ’re a savvy businessman who succeeded where thousands have failed .
But there are deeper reasons underlying why your business model works at all .
When one digs deeply enough one finds that color – yup , the stuff of rainbows and Crayola – is at the core of your success .
Without hue , there ’d be no Hugh .
To see why you should be giving thanks to the existence of color , let ’s start with something closer to your home ; nakedness .
Although mammals tend to be furry - faced , some of us primates had the chutzpah to lose the hair on our faces , and often on our rumps .
And we humans are nearly naked all over , something you may have noticed .
If we humans were n’t so bare , we would probably not wear robes .
And then there would be no reason to disrobe .
If there were no bare skin , there would be no Hefner as we know it .
Now let ’s delve deeper and ask why some of us primates got bare in the first place .
One feature that distinguishes the primates with bare faces from the furry - faced ones is color vision .
The naked primates can see in color , but the furry - faced ones cannot .
Color goes with nudity .
Why ?
As I have argued in my research , our color vision is a distinctive kind of color vision , one that is specialized for detecting the color changes that happen in skin due to the physiological changes in blood ( e.g. , oxygenation ) .
Most varieties of color vision – like that in birds , reptiles and bees – do not have this extraordinary capability .
Our color vision is for seeing blushes , blanches , red rage , sexual engorgement and the many other skin color changes that occur as one ’s emotion , mood , or physiology alters .
Color is for seeing embarrassment , fear , anger , sexual excitement , and so on .
Our primate ancestors once had furry faces , and one was born with our style of color vision , able to detect the peculiar changes in our underlying blood physiology .
Although the faces this ancestor looked at were furry , some skin would have been visible , such as around the eyes , nostrils , lips and any lighter patches of fur .
This ancestor would have been born an “ empath , ” able to see the moods of others .
Color vision of this kind would thus spread over time .
And once it spread , animals could then have evolved to “ purposely ” signal colors indicating their mood , and then bare skin would have evolved to have more canvas for signaling .
Many of our skin color changes are indeed “ purposeful , ” i.e. , not simply inevitable consequences of our underlying physiological state .
For example , Peter D. Drummond has shown that peoples ' faces blush more on the side which people can see .
You might be wondering why , unlike the other primates who mainly have bare faces and rumps , we humans are so naked all over .
It might be that , although we do n’t consciously notice it , we color signal over our entire canvas .
If all our bare spots are for color signalling ( setting aside the palms and the bottoms of the feet ) then we should not be naked in places that viewers would not tend to be able to see .
Well , there are three places on the body that are difficult to observe ; the top of the head , the underarms and the groin .
And notice that , as expected if bare skin is for color signaling , these three spots are the universally furry spots on humans .
The only complication here is that the groin does occasionally become dominated by bare skin rather than fur , namely when the genitalia engorge .
But at these times there is often another person involved in a behavior wherein the groin is , ahem , no longer difficult to see .
Bare skin really may be for looking at !
And it is worth looking at because it often signals something to the viewer .
But the viewer can only see these signals if they have our special kind of color vision .
No color vision , no nakedness .
No nakedness , no Hugh Hefner .
Or , no hue , no Hugh .
And now the real point of my writing :
Because of the dependency of your enterprise on the evolution of color , it would only be natural to bring some diversity to those apocryphal parties at the mansion … by inviting an evolutionary neuroscientist .
Just have your people call my person .
Scientists have assembled the first global geological map of the Solar System ’s largest moon – and in doing so have gathered new evidence into the formation of the large , icy satellite .
Wes Patterson , a planetary scientist at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Maryland , led a seven - year effort to craft a detailed map of geological features on Ganymede , the largest moon of Jupiter .
Patterson and a half - dozen scientists from several institutions compiled the global map – only the third ever completed of a moon , after Earth ’s moon and Jupiter ’s cratered satellite Callisto – using images from NASA ’s historic Voyager and Galileo missions .
“ The map really gives us a more complete understanding of the geological processes that have shaped the moon we see today , ” says Patterson , whose team will present and discuss the map at the 2009 European Planetary Science Congress in Potsdam , Germany on Wednesday 16 September .
With a diameter of 5262 kilometers ( 3280 miles ) , Ganymede is the largest moon in the solar system .
Larger than both planet Mercury and dwarf planet Pluto , it ’s also the only satellite in the solar system known to have its own magnetosphere .
The map details geologic features of the moon that formed and evolved over much of our Solar System ’s history .
These features record evidence of the internal evolution of this large icy satellite , of its dynamical interactions with the other Galilean satellites , and of the evolution of the population of small bodies impacting the surface of the satellite .
While scientists have crafted several regional geological maps of Ganymede ’s surface using Voyager data , Patterson ’s team was the first to combine the low - resolution Voyager photos with high - resolution Galileo images to create a global and consistent view of the moon ’s geology
“ By mapping the entirety of Ganymede ’s surface , we can more accurately address scientific questions regarding the formation and evolution of this truly unique moon , ” Patterson says .
“ Work done using the map by collaborator Geoff Collins at Wheaton College , for instance , has shown that vast swaths of grooved terrain covering the surface of the satellite formed in a specific sequence .
The details of this sequence tell us something about the forces that must have been necessary to form those swaths . ”
Patterson says scientists can look at Ganymede ’s geological history as a “ touchstone ” for comparing and contrasting the characteristics and evolution of other large to mid-sized icy satellites .
The map will also , he adds , be a reference for exploration of the Jovian system .
NASA and the European Space Agency are currently developing that next voyage : the Europa Jupiter System Mission would include orbiters of Ganymede as well as the icy satellite Europa .
“ A primary goal of the next flagship mission to the Jupiter system will be to characterize , in detail , the geophysical , compositional , geological , and external processes that affect icy satellites , ” he says .
“ This map will be an invaluable tool in determining how best to address those goals for Ganymede . ”
The team includes Patterson and Louise Prockter , also from APL ; James Head , from Brown University ; Geoffrey Collins of Wheaton College ; Robert Pappalardo from NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory ; Baerbel Lucchitta of the U.S. Geological Survey ; and Jonathan Kay of the University of Idaho .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
For more than 50 years , physicists have been intrigued by the concept of closed time - like curves ( CTCs ) .
Because a CTC returns to its starting point , it raises the possibility of traveling backward in time .
More recently , physicists have theorized that CTC - assisted computers could enable ideal quantum state discrimination , and even make classical computers ( with CTCs ) equally as powerful as quantum computers .
However , a new study argues that CTCs , if they exist , might actually provide much less computational benefit than previously thought .
A team of scientists consisting of Charles Bennett , Graeme Smith , and John Smolin from IBM , along with Debbie Leung from the University of Waterloo , argues that previous analyses of CTCs have fallen into the so - called “ linearity trap , ” and have been based on physically irrelevant definitions that have led to incorrect conclusions about CTCs .
The new study will be published in an upcoming issue of Physical Review Letters .
As the physicists explain , CTCs are difficult to think about because they make quantum evolution nonlinear , whereas standard quantum mechanics systems evolve linearly .
( In linear systems , the evolution of a mixture of states is equal to the mixture of the evolutions of individual states ; this is not the case in nonlinear systems . )
It seems that much of the apparent power of CTCs has come from analyzing the evolution of pure quantum states , and extending these results linearly to find the evolution of mixed states .
The physicists call this situation the “ linearity trap , ” which occurs when nonlinear theories are extended linearly .
In the case of CTC computations , Bennett and coauthors found that this problem was causing the output to be uncorrelated with the input , which is n't a very useful computation .
“ The trouble with the earlier work is that it did n't take into account the physical processes by which the inputs to a computation are selected , ” Smith told PhysOrg.com .
“ In a nonlinear theory , the output of a computation depends not only on the input , but also on how it was selected .
This is the strange thing about nonlinear theories , and easy to miss . ”
To overcome these problems , the scientists proposed that the inputs to the system should be selected by an independent referee at the start of the computation , rather than being built deterministically into the structure of the computer .
In order to ensure that the proper input is selected , the physicists proposed the “ Principle of Universal Inclusion . ”
The principle states that the evolution of a nonlinearly evolving system may depend on parts of the universe with which it does not interact , ensuring that scientists do not ignore the parts of the universe that need to be used to select the inputs .
The physicists hope that these criteria will lead to choosing the correct input , and then to generating the correct corresponding output , rather than simply evolving the system linearly based on incorrect inputs .
As the scientists note , one of the motivating factors for their investigation is the previous finding that CTCs can distinguish between two nonorthogonal pure states , which is impossible in standard quantum mechanics .
Further , the previous results seemed to imply that CTCs could be used to distinguish between two identical states , which should be impossible no matter how you look at it .
To investigate this problem , the scientists considered what would happen if they prepared and evolved quantum states according to a specific physical process .
They found that two output states can be distinguished even without using a CTC , eliminating any advantage the CTC may have offered .
In addition to quantum state discrimination , the physicists also investigated the alleged computational power of CTCs , where they found that the output is often not correlated with the input .
The scientists argue that the root of the problem seems to lie in the definition of the CTC - assisted computational class , which is not physically or computationally meaningful , and does not produce correctly correlated mixtures of input - output pairs .
The scientists proposed an alternate CTC - assisted computational class that allows them to correctly evaluate the system ’s abilities , but it also shows that CTC - assisted systems do not seem to increase computational power .
Not all scientists agree with the new results .
Scott Aaronson of MIT , who has also investigated the possible computation benefits of CTCs , said that he has been aware of the issues of nonlinearity , but does not consider it as important as the scientists do in the current study .
Further , he explains that , even in the new model , CTCs would still increase the power of quantum computers .
“ The underlying reason for the disagreement is this : in the actual universe , CTCs almost certainly do n't exist , ” Aaronson said .
“ So , in asking what the right model of computation ‘ would be ’ if they did exist , one is inherently asking a strange and somewhat ill - defined question . ”
Aaronson agreed with the new study that requiring the input to be a pure state ( as he and coauthor John Watrous do in a previous study ) is a problem .
But , he said , the new model requires the input to be nothing , which is an even bigger problem .
“ As it turns out , every answer to the question that people have come up with has had conceptual problems , ” he said .
“ But in ( essentially ) prohibiting any input whatsoever to the CTC register , it seems to me that Bennett et al. make the conceptual problems worse , not better , than they are in my and Watrous 's model .
This is a matter of honest disagreement . ”
In spite of the new study ’s conclusions , Smith also thinks that CTCs are still worth investigating , as they may be useful in ways that are currently unknown .
“ I think it 's still interesting , ” he said .
“ Our work just highlights some of the subtleties involved that can lead you to inaccurate conclusions .
I should point out that we have n't proven CTCs are no good for computation , we 've only shown that the existing algorithms that have been proposed do n't work .
So , there might be something more out there ( though I would n't bet on it ) . ”
More information : Charles H. Bennett , Debbie Leung , Graeme Smith , and John A. Smolin .
“ Can closed timelike curves or nonlinear quantum mechanics improve quantum state discrimination or help solve hard problems ? ” Physical Review Letters .
To be published .
arXiv:0908.3023v1
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further How Time - Traveling Could Affect Quantum Computing
Friday , 4 September , 2009 - 10:56
Auckland , Sept 4 NZPA - Consumer resistance to paying for plastic bags has spread north , with New World and Four Square supermarkets in the upper North Island today removing a 5 c charge .
The move follows the axing of the same fee at the same supermarkets in the lower North Island three days ago .
It comes just four weeks after the stores , which are part of the Foodstuffs chain , introduced the levy in an attempt to get people to reduce their reliance on plastic bags .
Foodstuffs Auckland 's general manager of retail sales and performance , Murray Jordan , said the charge had been removed in response to customer feedback .
" Our customers have spoken and we have listened , " he said .
" Our owner operators , who know their customers , have been receiving a lot of feedback on the floor and this feedback has been confirmed by a customer survey . "
Mr Jordan said there had been an " exceptional increase " in people using reusable bags and Foodstuffs would continue to put measures in place that recognised those customers .
However , the 5c levy is remaining at New World and Four Square supermarkets in the South Island .
Foodstuffs South Island 's general manager for retail operations , Alan Malcolmson , said there had been great support from customers and plastic bag use had dropped 60 percent over the past month .
As a result of the fee , $ 50,000 would be donated to five South Island environmental projects identified by the Department of Conservation .
" This is just the first of what we envisage will be ongoing support for environmental projects , " Mr Malcolmson said .
" It 's a win -win for the environment -- bags being saved and projects benefiting . "
Mr Malcolmson said a levy introduced in Ireland in 2002 had cut plastic bag usage by 90 per cent , while Coles in Australia had indicated they were about to start charging as well .
YORKTOWN HEIGHTS , N.Y . 
Gaze into the electron microscope display in Frances Ross ’s laboratory here and it is possible to persuade yourself that Dr. Ross , a 21st - century materials scientist , is actually a farmer in some Lilliputian silicon world .
Dr. Ross , an I.B.M. researcher , is growing a crop of mushroom - shaped silicon nanowires that may one day become a basic building block for a new kind of electronics .
Nanowires are just one example , although one of the most promising , of a transformation now taking place in the material sciences as researchers push to create the next generation of switching devices smaller , faster and more powerful than today ’s transistors .
The reason that many computer scientists are pursuing this goal is that the shrinking of the transistor has approached fundamental physical limits .
Increasingly , transistor manufacturers grapple with subatomic effects , like the tendency for electrons to “ leak ” across material boundaries .
The leaking electrons make it more difficult to know when a transistor is in an on or off state , the information that makes electronic computing possible .
They have also led to excess heat , the bane of the fastest computer chips .
The transistor is not just another element of the electronic world .
It is the invention that made the computer revolution possible .
In essence it is an on - off switch controlled by the flow of electricity .
For the purposes of computing , when the switch is on it represents a one .
When it is off it represents a zero .
These zeros and ones are the most basic language of computers .
( CNN ) --
A doctor in suburban Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , was arrested Monday and accused in the early morning death of his 9 - year - old son , police said .
Dr. Stephen Wolf , 51 , faces first - degree murder charges , said Nichols Hills , Oklahoma , Police Chief Richard Mask .
Third - grader Tommy
Wolf was dead when authorities arrived at the family 's home about 4 a.m. CT in response to several 911 calls , Mask said .
" It was obvious there had been some type of altercation " when police arrived , Mask said .
Arriving officers disarmed Wolf , he said , but did not elaborate except to say a knife was found at the home .
Although the investigation is still under way , authorities believe the altercation may have begun in the boy 's room " and proceeded from there " to other rooms , Mask said .
Mary Wolf , Stephen Wolf 's wife and the boy 's mother , suffered defensive puncture wounds to her hands and a wound to her mouth , and was being treated at a hospital , Mask said .
Authorities believe she attempted to " intercede and protect her child , " he said .
Her wounds were not considered life - threatening .
The first 911 call came in at 3:53 a.m. , from the Wolf family 's next - door neighbor .
Mary
Wolf had run to the house for help , and the resident reported someone was knocking on the door , Mask said .
Mary
Wolf made the second call , but hung up , possibly because she was defending herself , he said .
She also made the third call , after police had arrived .
Mask said tapes of the 911 calls would be released later .
" We are trying to put all the facts together , " Mask said .
The boy 's death , he said , has had a " devastating " effect on Nichols Hills , a city of about 4,000 people in Oklahoma County in the central part of the state .
" It 's had a huge impact , " he said .
Officials at the boy 's school , Christ the King Catholic School , said teachers and students had been made aware of his death , CNN affiliate KOCO reported .
Stephen Wolf is listed as an internist in Oklahoma City .
In his booking photo , on the Oklahoma County sheriff 's Web site , a wound can be seen on his head .
He does not see that America , or the world for that matter , can wean themselves from a dependence on hydrocarbons , and quotes Keith Rattie , the chief executive of Questar , from a commencement speech as well as Edward Morse , from a story in Foreign Affairs in which Morse states that there is plenty of natural gas available – perhaps a hundred years at the present rate of consumption , and that the deep water fields just beginning to be exploited are significantly larger than thought .
And he includes Daniel Yergin as stating that " the resource base of the planet is sufficient to keep up with demand for decades to come . ”
In 1977 . . .
Jimmy Carter predicted that mankind " could use up all the proven reserves of oil in the entire world by the end of the next decade . "
Since then the world has consumed three times more oil than was then in the world 's proven reserves .
Last Sunday George
Will wrote about the abundance of fossil fuels in his column for the Washington Post .
He began by surmising that Titusville , PA might have a claim to being most responsible for the modern world through the contribution of oil to world wealth .
He then went on to list some of the many folk that have predicted ( falsely ) the arrival of a peak in oil production and the amount of reserves that are available .
From all this he concludes that it is only the environmentalists that are going to ensure scarcity for the planet .
So where does one begin to disassemble what would appear , at first sight , to be a rational argument based on the utterances of three prominent individuals ?
To pick the last first , it has unfortunately not been that long since I last wrote about Dr Yergin and CERA .
Earlier this month I noted , after giving a number of occasions in the past that CERA had been wrong , that some of the assumptions that they were currently using to project future oil production were likely to be wrong also .
The most obvious immediate reason is the collapse of the oil industry in Mexico .
Having fallen from the projected 4 mbd to potentially only 2.7 mbd next year , global supply is going to have to find another source for that 1.3 mbd .
Bear in mind that Mexican production has been falling as fast as 100,000 bd per month at Cantarell and the magnitude of this problem becomes apparent .
The current hope of seeing 10 mbd from Iraq by 2020 is , I would suggest , also perhaps more than a little optimistic .
So let ’s tick Dr Yergin from the list , and move on to Edward Morse and the prediction of natural gas production from fields such as the Marcellus and from the deep waters of the world .
This case is a little more tricky to argue , but only in the sense that there are considerable resources in both these regions of the world and that they will continue to produce significant quantities of fuel for some considerable time .
The questions that are being raised are , however , more along the lines of how much and for how long will they produce and at what cost ?
Evidence to date ( that I am trying to explain in the tech talks , but have n’t got to the downside talks yet ) is that by using new technologies these fields can be produced with very high initial yields from slickwater , multi - frac ’ed horizontal wells , but that these wells have a much shorter life and faster decline rate than was predicted when the production from these fields were estimated .
The deepwater fields require dramatically higher investment costs and while the technology and equipment is available , to some limited degree , there are n’t that many rigs that can be mobilized to drill in these conditions .
Further continued production from some of the weaker rocks that the oil lies in , at these depths , is going to continue to be a technical challenge , driving costs higher and higher and further limiting levels of production available .
Yes there will be oil , but it will be more expensive and there wo n’t be nearly as much as one might think at any one given time ( the production rate ) to even maintain current levels of production very much longer .
Which brings me to look at Mr Rattie ’s speech , which is one that I have considerable agreement with .
Except for the assumption that we can continue to grow our way into the future in terms of increasing supplies to meet an increase in global demand for energy that will increase by 30 – 50 % over the next two decades .
He lists some of the anticipated growth :
The Salt Lake Tribune recently celebrated the startup of a 14 MW geothermal plant near Beaver , Utah .
That ‟s wonderful !
But the Tribune failed to put 14 MW into perspective .
Utah has over 7,000 MW of installed generating capacity , primarily coal .
America has about 1,000,000 MW of installed capacity .
Because U.S. demand for electricity has been growing at 1 - 2 % per year , on average we ’ve been adding 10 - 20,000 MW of new capacity every year to keep pace with growth .
Around the world coal demand is booming – 200,000 MW of new coal capacity is under construction , over 30,000 MW in China alone .
In fact , there are 30 coal plants under construction in the U.S. today that when complete will burn about 70 million tons of coal per year .
Mr Rattie also points out something that is sometimes missed in the debate about coal and natural gas fired power plants :
America has about one million MW of installed electric generation capacity .
Forty percent of that capacity runs on natural gas – about 400,000 MW , compared to just 312,000 MW of coal capacity .
But unlike those coal plants , which run at an average load factor of about 75 % , America ’s existing natural gas - fired power plants operate with an average load factor of less than 25 % .
Turns out that the market has found a way to cut CO2 emissions without driving the price of electricity through the roof – natural gas ’s share of the electricity market is growing , and it will continue to grow – with or without cap and trade .
That is surely true in the short term , but the questions about natural gas production , and the fact that if natural gas were , for example , to be used at double the current rate ( i.e. to produce 50 % of the nation ’s electricity ) then even if the current prediction of 100 years of gas at current levels of consumption were true , then at double the rate , the lifetime of the reserve would be cut to 50 years .
Given the questions on production referred to above , it may , be quite likely that estimates are at about twice reality , and thus there might be 50 years of supply , but this is likely to be consumed at somewhat higher rates than current , so that the effective lifetime is going to be closer to 25 – 30 years , I would suspect .
( And do n't forget that Questar is one of the largest natural gas producers , who may be vulnerable in the fight to retain market share as the increased availability of natural gas from conventional sources struggles against supplies from the gas shales and from LNG supplies - in the short term ) .
Oh I anticipate that there will be adjustments in the fuel mix in the future , the decline in oil ’s share of the market will have to be replaced with some alternate fuel , and natural gas will have to carry some of this burden .
I tend to see that there will be problems in getting an adequate amount of energy supplied from renewable sources , as the scale of their use grows , and the realistic availability of good sites for development of new farms reduces .
( It is all too easy to just say we need the equivalent of say half of Utah , without recognizing just what percentage of Utah is actually available – just to pick some numbers for the sake of discussion ) .
Put this all together , and in an ideal world , when gold , oil and natural gas production could continue to increase in availability every year , then George Will ’s suggestions might well come to pass .
Unfortunately when there is a realistic limit to the actual volumes available , as we are now seeing with gold , so shall we soon see with oil , and before then I would suggest that Mr Will seek additional advice from elsewhere – perhaps here ?
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Cancer experts fear new U.S. breast imaging guidelines that recommend against routine screening mammograms for women in their 40s may have their roots in the current drive in Washington to reform healthcare .
Critics of the guidelines , issued on Monday by the U.S. Services Task Force , an independent panel sponsored by the U.S. Agency for Healthcare Quality , say the new guidelines are a step backward and will lead to more cancer deaths .
Here are some of their concerns .
* Dr Carol Lee , chairwoman of the American College of Radiology Breast Imaging Commission , said she fears insurers -- both private and public -- will use them to pare back health costs .
“ These new recommendations seem to reflect a conscious decision to ration care , ” Lee said in a statement .
She said since the onset of regular mammogram screening in 1990 , the death rate from breast cancer , which had been unchanged for the preceding 50 years , has decreased by 30 percent .
* Dr Len Lichtenfeld , deputy chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society , said the influential group will not change recommendations for routine mammograms for women starting at age 40 .
But he is worried that women will become so confused by the conflicting recommendations they will stop getting mammograms altogether .
“ Frankly , from our point of view that would be the worst possible outcome , ” Lichtenfeld said in a telephone interview .
* Lichtenfeld and other doctors are worried that insurance companies and government insurers will seize on the recommendations as a way to control rising health costs .
“ What is going to happen is insurers are going to say , ‘ The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force does n’t support screening .
We ’re not going to pay for it , ’ ” said Dr Daniel Kopans , professor of radiology at Harvard Medical School and a senior radiologist at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston .
“ There were no new data to assess .
One has to wonder why these new guidelines are being promulgated at a time when healthcare is under discussion and I am afraid their decision is related to saving money rather than saving lives , ” Kopans said .
* “ The USPSTF recommendations are a step backward and represent a significant harm to women ’s health , ” Dr W. Phil Evans , president of the Society of Breast Imaging , said in a statement .
“ At least 40 percent of the lives saved by mammographic screening are of women aged 40 - 49 .
These recommendations are inconsistent with current science and apparently have been developed in an attempt to reduce costs .
Unfortunately , many women may pay for this unsound approach with their lives . ”
Commercial real estate is blowing up so what do regulators do ?
The answer of course is to come up with new rules and regulations that will allow banks to ignore losses .
On October 31 the Wall Street Journal reported Banks Get New Rules on Property .
Federal bank regulators issued guidelines allowing banks to keep loans on their books as " performing " even if the value of the underlying properties have fallen below the loan amount .
The guidelines , released on Friday by agencies including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , provide guidance for bank examiners and financial institutions working with commercial property owners who are " experiencing diminished operating cash flows , depreciated collateral values , or prolonged delays in selling or renting commercial properties . "
Restructurings are often in the best interest of both lenders and borrowers , the guidelines point out .
The new guidelines are targeted primarily at the hundreds of billions of dollars worth of loans that are coming due that can't be refinanced largely because the value of the properties have fallen below the loan amount .
In many of these situations , the properties are still generating enough income to pay debt service .
Banks have generally been keeping a lid on commercial real - estate losses by extending these mortgages upon maturity .
However , that practice , billed by many industry observers as " extending and pretending , " has come under criticism by some analysts and investors as it promises to put off the pains into the future .
Now federal regulators are essentially sanctioning the practice as long as banks restructure loans prudently .
The federal guidelines note that banks that conduct " prudent " loan workouts after looking at the borrower 's financial condition " will not be subject to criticism ( by regulators ) for engaging in these efforts . "
In addition , loans to creditworthy borrowers that have been restructured and are current wo n't be reclassified as " high risk " by regulators solely because the collateral backing them has declined to an amount less than the loan balance , the new guidelines state .
Critics say the new rules are yet another example of a head - in - the - sand approach by regulators , pointing to the relaxed accounting standards last year that enabled banks to avoid marking the value of the loans down .
This is doing long - term damage to the economy , they say , because it ties up bank capital , preventing them from resuming lending .
Rush To Lie
Banks are moving quickly to restructure commercial mortgages under new U.S. guidelines that are more forgiving of battered property values and can help banks avoid bigger losses .
Citigroup Inc. , regional bank Whitney Holding Corp. and other lenders around the country are planning to review loans now considered nonperforming to determine if they can be reclassified under the guidelines announced Oct. 30 by bank , thrift and credit-union regulators , according to bank executives and people familiar with the matter .
The moves could help the banks absorb fewer losses on troubled real - estate loans and preserve capital .
" It 's a positive all the way around , " said James Smith , chief credit officer for National Bank of South Carolina , a unit of Synovus Financial Corp .
Matthew Anderson , partner at research firm Foresight Analytics , estimates that about two - thirds of the $ 800 billion in commercial real - estate loans held by banks that will mature between now and 2014 are underwater , meaning the loan amount exceeds the value of the property .
The flexibility extended by regulators will apply to $ 110 billion to $ 130 billion of loans , he said .
The guidelines are controversial , with critics accusing the U.S. government of prolonging the financial crisis by not forcing borrowers and lenders to confront inevitable problems .
Regulators respond that they are being prudent , adding that a crackdown will occur at any banks misinterpreting last month 's announcement as an opportunity for leniency .
" We will push banks to be realistic [ about losses ] and will drag them out of denial if that 's what we need to do , " Tim Long , senior deputy comptroller at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , said in an interview Tuesday .
Regional and small banks are the most likely financial institutions to benefit from the guidelines because of their exposure to commercial real estate .
More than 2,600 banks and thrifts have commercial real - estate - loan portfolios that exceed 300 % of total risk - based capital , according to an analysis of regulatory filings by The Wall Street Journal .
Nearly all of those institutions have less than $ 5 billion in assets .
Regulators consider the 300 % threshold a red flag , though it does n't necessarily mean the banks are in danger of failing .
Risk - based capital is a cushion that banks use to cover losses .
Commercial real - estate woes contributed to 100 of the 120 bank failures this year , according to Foresight Analytics .
With new rules designed to encourage more lies firmly in place , it should be no surprise to see Banks Hasten to Adopt New Rules
Lies " A Positive "
" It 's a positive all the way around , " said James Smith , chief credit officer for National Bank of South Carolina , a unit of Synovus Financial Corp .
More than 150 publicly traded U.S. lenders own nonperforming loans that equal 5 percent or more of their holdings , a level that former regulators say can wipe out a bank ’s equity and threaten its survival .
The number of banks exceeding the threshold more than doubled in the year through June , according to data compiled by Bloomberg , as real estate and credit - card defaults surged .
Almost 300 reported 3 percent or more of their loans were nonperforming , a term for commercial and consumer debt that has stopped collecting interest or will no longer be paid in full .
The biggest banks with nonperforming loans of at least 5 percent include Wisconsin ’s Marshall & Ilsley Corp. and Georgia ’s Synovus Financial Corp. , according to Bloomberg data .
Among those exceeding 10 percent , the biggest in the 50 U.S. states was Michigan ’s Flagstar Bancorp .
All said in second - quarter filings they ’re “ well - capitalized ” by regulatory standards , which means they ’re considered financially sound .
“ At a 3 percent level , I ’d be concerned that there ’s some underlying issue , and if they ’re at 5 percent , chances are regulators have them classified as being in unsafe and unsound condition , ” said Walter Mix , former commissioner of the California Department of Financial Institutions , and now a managing director of consulting firm LECG in Los Angeles .
He was n’t commenting on any specific banks .
Synovus , plagued by defaulting construction loans in the Atlanta area , said nonperforming loans rose to 5.4 percent in the second quarter from 5.2 percent the previous period .
Disposals of nonperforming assets reached $ 404 million in the quarter ended in June , the Columbus , Georgia - based company said .
Synovus is selling troubled loans and will continue its “ aggressive stance on disposing of nonperforming assets ” as long as the level is elevated , spokesman Greg Hudgison said in an e-mailed statement .
Perl 5.11.2 is now available
From : =? ISO -8859-1?Q?L=E9on_Brocard ?=
Date : November 20 , 2009 01:37
Subject : Perl 5.11.2 is now available
Message ID : a92222c80911200136g71efa3c5l2520b6ef38e30f7b@mail.gmail.com
November 20 , 2009 01:37 Perl 5.11.2 is now available
The streets were pretty quiet , which was nice .
They 're always quiet here at that time : you have to be wearing a black jacket to be out on the streets between seven and nine in the evening , and not many people in the area have black jackets .
It 's just one of those things .
I currently live in Colour Neighbourhood , which is for people who are heavily into colour .
All the streets and buildings are set for instant colourmatch : as you walk down the road they change hue to offset whatever you 're wearing .
When the streets are busy it 's kind of intense , and anyone prone to epileptic seizures is n't allowed to live in the Neighbourhood , however much they 're into colour .
- Michael Marshall Smith , " Only Forward "
It gives me great pleasure to announce the release of Perl 5.11.2 .
This is the third DEVELOPMENT release in the 5.11.x series leading to a stable release of Perl 5.12.0 .
You can find a list of high - profile changes in this release in the file " perl5112delta.pod " inside the distribution .
You can download the 5.11.2 release from : http://search.cpan.org/~lbrocard/perl-5.11.2/
The release 's SHA1 signatures are : 2988906609ab7eb00453615e420e47ec410e0077 perl-5.11.2.tar.gz 0014442fdd0492444e1102e1a80089b6a4649682 perl-5.11.2.tar.bz2
We welcome your feedback on this release .
If you discover issues with Perl 5.11.2 , please use the ' perlbug ' tool included in this distribution to report them .
If Perl 5.11.2 works well for you , please use the ' perlthanks ' tool included with this distribution to tell the all - volunteer development team how much you appreciate their work .
If you write software in Perl , it is particularly important that you test your software against development releases .
While we strive to maintain source compatibility with prior stable versions of Perl wherever possible , it is always possible that a well - intentioned change can have unexpected consequences .
If you spot a change in a development version which breaks your code , it 's much more likely that we will be able to fix it before the next stable release .
If you only test your code against stable releases of Perl , it may not be possible to undo a backwards - incompatible change which breaks your code .
Notable changes in this release : * It is now possible to overload the C< qr //> operator * Extension modules can now cleanly hook into the Perl parser to define new kinds of keyword - headed expression and compound statement *
The lowest layers of the lexer and parts of the pad system now have C APIs available to XS extensions * Use of C < := > to mean an empty attribute list is now deprecated Perl 5.11.2 represents approximately 3 weeks development since Perl 5.11.1 and contains 29,992 lines of changes across 458 files from 38 authors and committers : Abhijit Menon - Sen , Abigail , Ben Morrow , Bo Borgerson , Brad Gilbert , Bram , Chris Williams , Craig A. Berry , Daniel Frederick Crisman , Dave Rolsky , David E. Wheeler , David Golden , Eric Brine , Father Chrysostomos , Frank Wiegand , Gerard Goossen , Gisle Aas , Graham Barr , Harmen , H. Merijn Brand , Jan Dubois , Jerry D. Hedden , Jesse Vincent , Karl Williamson , Kevin Ryde , Leon Brocard , Nicholas Clark , Paul Marquess , Philippe Bruhat , Rafael Garcia - Suarez , Sisyphus , Steffen Mueller , Steve Hay , Steve Peters , Vincent Pit , Yuval Kogman , Yves Orton , and Zefram .
Many of the changes included in this version originated in the CPAN modules included in Perl 's core .
We 're grateful to the entire CPAN community for helping Perl to flourish .
Jesse Vincent or a delegate will release Perl 5.11.3 on December 20 , 2009 .
Ricardo Signes will release Perl 5.11.4 on January 20 , 2010 .
Steve Hay will release Perl 5.11.5 on February 20 , 2010 .
Regards , Léon
Perl 5.11.2 is now available by =?ISO - 8859-1?Q?L=E9on_Brocard ?=
by =?ISO -8859-1?Q?L=E9on_Brocard ?=
Re : Perl 5.11.2 is now available by jesse
Oh crumbs !
Hadron Collider breaks down because a passing bird dropped bread on it
It 's one of the most expensive and technologically - complex machines in the world , but that did n't prevent the Large Hadron Collider from coming a cropper thanks to our feathered friends .
The £ 4.4 billion ' God Machine ' overheated after a passing bird dropped a piece of bread into a high voltage installation which was powering a cooling unit .
Scientists looking into a failure of the cryogenic cooling plant found a piece of baguette had caused the malfunction .
Out of action : The Large Hadron Collider , buried 100 m underground , has suffered a series of setbacks since it was first switched on last year
The problem was noticed by enthusiasts who were online monitoring data online and noticed unusual temperature changes .
It 's not the first setback for the Collider , buried 100 m underground near Geneva , Switzerland .
The mighty machine was switched on last year in an effort to unlock the secrets of the origin of the universe , but broke down within days due to a leak of helium .
The LHC attempts to recreate conditions at the time of the Big Bang by firing protons round its 16.8 mile tunnel at almost the speed of light to smash them into each other .
Daily bread : Scientists believe the troublesome baguette which caused the machine to overheat was dropped by a passing bird
There was concern at the time of its launch last year that the device 's experiments could inadvertently bring about the end of the world .
Scientists say that had the machine been fully operational the results could have caused a problem similar to the catastrophic breakdown suffered by the particle accelerator last year , which led to it being out of action for 14 months .
Scientists say that the machine would have automatically shut down this time , however , leading to minimal disruption .
The series of technical glitches the LHC has suffered has resulted in some members of the scientific world speculating the machine is being sabotaged - by itself .
Some physicists have said that time - travelling particles from the future could be damaging the machine in an attempt to thwart any experiments .
Can you help us prepare the mailing ?
We have several thousand letters , bulletins and cards to send out .
We 'll be working from 11 am until 6 pm on Friday 20th , Monday 23rd and Tuesday 24th of November 2009 , at the FSF offices in Downtown Boston .
In addition to helping us out , everyone working in the middle of the day will receive pizza , and there will be stickers , soda and cookies all day , to keep you going .
If you 're interested , and want to put in a few hours ( or more ) of volunteer time , please contact membership@fsf.org now .
Help spread the word and tell your friends !
Barry Jay has recently published a book on the Pattern Calculus ( which has been discussed before ) .
The pattern calculus is a new foundation for computation , in which the expressive power of functions and of data structures are combined within pattern - matching functions .
The best existing foundations focus on either functions , as in the lambda - calculus , or on data structures , as in Turing machines , or on compromises involving both , as in object - orientation .
By contrast , a small typed pattern calculus is able to support all the main programming styles , including functional , imperative , object - oriented and query - based styles , and there is evidence that it can support a language for Web services , able to exploit data structures about which almost nothing is known .
The book covers the operational semantics of both functional and OO features , as well as static and dynamic pattern - matching .
Then it covers type systems necessary to deal with all the wild polymorphism thus gained - in rather readable fashion .
Then it covers bondi , a programming language based on ML , Java and ( lots of ! ) pattern - matching .
Ed Schultz asks Bernie Sanders to respond to this report from The Hill Another Independent could be a spoiler as Reid moves forward on healthcare :
With a pronounced independent streak to match his political alignment , Bernie Sanders of Vermont may be another headache for Democrats trying to cobble together 60 votes for healthcare reform in the coming weeks .
At a time when most attention is being paid to the Senate ’s other , more well - known Independent , Connecticut ’s Joe Lieberman , it is Sanders who could end up playing spoiler for Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev . ) .
As Reid struggles to find 60 votes that will unite on procedural votes , his party ’s centrists are pulling the healthcare bill politically rightward while Sanders is staking out a far - left position .
Asked if he will support Democrats on procedural votes once the healthcare bill hits the Senate floor , Sanders was repeatedly noncommital , twice telling The Hill that he intends to push for a bill that includes a government - run , public - option insurance component and refusing to guarantee his support on cloture votes .
“ All I ’ll say for now is that I want the strongest public option possible in the bill , ” Sanders said .
“ Beyond that , we ’re going to have to look at what develops . ”
Pressed further , Sanders ’s office also offered no guarantees .
A rare white humpback whale has been declared of " special interest " by Australian authorities after being spotted off the Queensland coast .
They have banned anyone from coming within 500 m of the whale , given the name Migaloo , in order to help it migrate up the coast .
Here ’s another awesome treat for our readers and visitors .
I ’ve compiled a list of 10 Gadgets that every geeks needs to have and all the gadgets are under $ 10 .
Moreover we have a special coupon for you that will give you 5 % discount at checkout .
Please use this coupon at checkout : JM5OFF23 .
The first Gadgets is for laptop / netbook users , if you are a fan of the TV series named The Big Bang Theory .
you ’d love this gadget and really want to have one for you .
1. USB Flexible Snake Reading Light Lamp
This gadget completes you laptop .
It ’s a snake - like micro light that will illuminate you keyboard in dark .
If you use your laptop at night you must be familiar with the problem of typing in dark .
The screen light is not enough to help you see the digits and letters on the keyboard .
This gadget is a savior for you and adds extra style to your laptop .
The gadget is slim , smart and has negligible weight but turns out to be very useful at times when there is less light outside .
The light is available in black and silver colors and takes the power from USB port of laptop .
Trust me you ’ll never find such a deal from elsewhere .
Price : $ 2.65 [ BUY ]
2. Sharp Tactical Folding Pocket Knife
If you ’re out for a trip or adventure , you need a sharp , small and folding knife with you , because you never know when you need something to cut .
The knife I selected for you looks cool and geeky .
There are plenty of other knifes available at the website .
When you click buy link you can see others too and buy according to your need .
But I think this one will serve for most uses .
The only thing you need is a folding , portable and sharp knife and that you ’re getting in just under $ 8 .
Price : $ 7.68 [ BUY ]
3. Smallest Flash Drive by SuperTalent
Super Talent is famous for making thumb drives that adds style to your professional life .
The Pico and Pico Mini series flash drives are among the smallest flash drives ever built without compromising data rate .
The shock and water resistant , Pico C flash drive , supports a full 30 MB /s transfer rate .
The flash drive is extremely small , feather light , supports USB 2.0 and comes in a capacity ranging from 2 GB to 32GB .
We recommend buying a 4GB model , although it ’s little over $ 10 .
Buy this flash drive at Memory Card Zoo .
4. Mini Adjustable Portable Microscope ( 45X Zoom )
You must be thinking that whether you need it or not .
Hang on , let me tell you its price and then you wo n’t even think .
It ’s cool , it ’s for geeks and it ’s cheap
Price : $ 5.63 [ BUY ]
5 . All in One USB 2.0 Card Reader
Specs :
Compatible with USB2.0 standard
4 slots multifunction flash reader
Supports all kinds of flash cards in the market
Plug and Play and hot swapping
5 indicators for easy recognition
USB BUS - powered , no external power supply required
Supports Windows 98SE/2000/ME/XP /Mac OS 8.6 or higher
Price : $ 5.17 [ BUY ]
6. Stainless Steel Big Cigar Cutter Knife
Even if you ’re not a smoker , this will go nice with your other collectibles .
Price : $ 5.23 [ BUY ]
7. USB Soccer Coffee - Cup Warmer
Finally , we have something for Soccer lovers too .
This gadget can warm your coffee or any drink while you sit in front of your PC .
Price : $ 5.43 [ BUY ]
8. Mini Portable USB Cooler Fan
This fan can cool your face and PC in summer .
It can also be used where you need to generate a little wind .
It ’s a handy gadget .
Price : $ 10 [ BUY ]
9. Leather Pouch & Crystal Case for PSP
For PSP owner , you ’ll get a pouch as well as a case under just $ 10 .
Price : $ 10 [ BUY ] –
Hey do n’t forget to use that coupon code
10 . 5 LED Keychain Flashlight
LED flash lights are common these days .
This one is a 5 - LED miniature flash light that can also serve as key chain .
Price : $ 2.12 [ BUY ]
I hope you like these products and the price .
Use the coupon : JM5OFF23 as a treat from me that will give you a 5 % discount on total at checkout .
I like to thanks BudgetGadgets for providing useful gadgets at such low prices .
Welcome to our website !
We have more than three decades of legal experience on your side .
Abraham M. Hoffmann Attorney at Law knows that many legal matters require serious consideration offers practical solutions to your legal needs .
Many attorneys will pass you off to their legal assistants and paralegals .
Not here !
You will have the complete attention of Attorney Abraham Hoffmann .
Kathmandu , Nov 18 : Close on the heels of the Indian election authorities recognising third gender voters , Nepal 's Election Commission has also begun a massive project to grant recognition to voters who are neither male or female but transsexuals and transgenders .
Shyam Sundar Sharma , joint secretary at the Nepal Election Commission , said the Himalayan republic had begun the process to upgrade the voters ' list almost eight months ago and was happy at the Indian decision but not influenced by it .
" In Nepal , we read the Indian decision with interest , " Sharma told IANS .
" We are glad the Indian Election Commission decided to recognise third genders ' identities in the voters ' registration forms .
However , we have noted that the decision came after an order to that effect from the court .
" In Nepal , we took the decision to recognise the third gender voter without any court order .
We are curious why it took India so long . "
Nepal last went to the elections in April 2008 , which resulted in a sea change .
The former Himalayan kingdom was transformed into a secular republic and its Maoist guerrillas , who had fought an armed insurrection for 10 years , came to power for a short period after emerging as the largest party .
The constituent assembly that was elected agreed to promulgate a new constitution by May 2010 .
" We are readying for the next general election on the premise that it will be held within six months of the new constitution coming into effect , " Sharma said .
" If things go as per schedule , Nepal will have its general election in November 2010 . "
The next general election will see , for the first time in Nepal 's history , a voter being registered as either male or female or third gender .
Nepal 's population stands at about 27 million .
There are about 17.6 million eligible voters so far .
Sharma estimates that the new change will not cause the number of voters to go up dramatically .
" The constitution grants everyone the right to vote , " he said .
" And many third genders , who are above 18 years , are already enrolled as voters .
" The new decision will simply establish their sexual identities . "
The official said the Election Commission intends to hold discussions with Nepal 's only openly gay member of parliament , Sunil Babu Pant , and the gay rights organisation he has founded , Blue Diamond Society .
" We would like to discuss the technicalities , " he said .
" Whether the third gender would like to be identified as third gender or have a specific gender identity . "
Besides homosexuals and lesbians , Nepal 's sexual minorities also have metis , men who feel they are actually women trapped in a male body , and eunuchs .
Nepal 's Supreme Court issued a series of directives to the government in the past , making Nepal the most progressive country in South Asia .
Besides asking the government to end all discrimination against the community , the apex court has also given the go - ahead to same - sex marriages .
The April election also struck a blow for third genders , seeing members from the community contest for the first time and with the major political parties wooing them with promises to ensure their rights .
However , the security forces still remain homophobic , especially the army .
The BDS is fighting a case in court against the dismissal of two women who were sacked due to the allegation they were lesbians .
Super Guide :
It killed your family and kicked your dog
The Super Guide is your enemy , it has killed , imprisoned and raped your countrymen and will be the cause of the end of civilisation the world over … or at least that ’s the kind of melodramatic nonsense some would like you to believe about Nintendo ’s newest experimental feature that has made its debut on New Super Mario Bros .
Wii .
So what exactly IS the Super Guide and why should you care or not care ?
In short , the Super Guide is a feature that when activated will play the game for you … and this kind of description is what has put a lot of people up in arms and have condemned the feature outright without them even looking into what it really is .
Put your rage and your conclusions aside and let ’s continue on and see what this is really all about …
The Super Guide really is n’t just some magic button that let ’s the game play itself .
What it is is a tool to allow a game to be accessible to those who may not be the best at video games and may not be self proclaimed pro-gamers that we all seem to believe we are .
New Super Mario Bros .
Wii is not an easy game and although it ’s not anywhere near the hardest game either , the idea of adding the Super Guide is to try to level the playing field so that people who are n’t experienced gamers wo n’t give up in frustration in later levels .
Let ’s go through the features of the Super Guide :
The Super Guide is not accessible right away during the game .
The green Super Guide block only appears in a level if you have died 8 times in a row during the level and will disappear once you have completed that particular level .
The feature only works in single player mode , the Super Guide block will not appear if you ’re playing with two or more players .
If you do choose to hit the green Super Guide block , you are told what the feature is about and are given an option to activate it or decline .
Once activated , Luigi will take control of the game in place of Mario .
With Luigi in control , at any time through the level , you can deactivate the feature and take back control of the game to finish the level yourself .
Using the Super Guide feature will not automatically score you all of the Star Coins , it will not help you find all of the secrets or have you performing super cool moves or have Luigi run all the way to the finish .
It ’s a very slow , safe and boring pace and not something you ’ll want to sit through time and time again .
The game will record the fact that you ’ve used the feature and will show people that fact on your save file .
( Oh , the shame of it all ! )
This feature is completely optional and to add to that , you may NEVER even see that green Super Guide block appear at all .
To have it appear you must first truly SUCK at the game and be desperate enough to use it .
I personally have n’t seen the feature at all through my play through of New Super Mario Bros .
Wii .
At the moment this entry is being written I ’m currently up to 8 - 1 which is almost at the end of the game .
The difficulty level may not be up there with Ninja Gaiden , but New Super Mario Bros .
Wii does get challenging enough during certain levels that will frustrate some and ultimately have them put down the controller and move onto something that is n’t .
I almost feel as if Nintendo purposefully made the game harder because the Super Guide feature was added on .
If that really is the case , then hell yes , I want this feature in more games because even though I ’ll never use it and will never see the option appear to use it in the first place , it will give Nintendo an excuse to make the overall game more challenging .
… is n’t that what we all really want ?
Just a run down on some android apps in case I lose my phone and have to re-install .
These are all free .
I ca n’t find many educational apps unfortunately :
News
NYTimes – more up to date
USA Today – more graphical
1 Cast News – video news stories
Sports Tap
Social Networking Tools
Twidroid – there are too many twitter apps out there
Facebook – comes with Android 2.0 on the droid
WpToGo – wordpress client
NewsRob – google reader client
Utilities
Barcode Scanner – to read QR codes
DockRunner – for the droid if you do n’t have a multimedia dock – activates the multimedia interface
Advanced Task Killer – android apps do n’t have a quit / exit button
Astro – file manager – read your SD card , etc. – very nice
Digital Clock – smaller clock widget
Gmote – run the gmote server app on your computer and you can remotely control it
Locale – change android settings based on location or other triggers
The Weather Channel – there are some other weather apps & widgets too
Teradesk – store files on the cloud – DropBox app in the works too
Productivity
AK Notepad – there are numerous sticky note / notepad apps
Astrid – there are also numerous todo list apps
Documents To Go – read word , ppt etc .
Evernote has a web - accessible site , too , with a forthcoming android client app
Voice Recorder – app & widget for quick voice notes
Google Apps
Voice – essential – use for voicemail , forwarding calls , etc .
Listen – podcasts
GDocs
Maps – navigation in android 2.0
Market – of course to find other software
Talk – built - in for instant messaging
Educational
Aldiko – incredibly nice e-book reader application
Google Sky Map – incredible app , point it at sky and it shows the stars & planets
Games
Labyrinth Lite – tilt game to get ball through maze
AirAttack – click on planes and helicopters flying overhead to shoot at them
Air Hockey Demo
Craigs Race – tilt to race a little car on a track
Speed Forge 3D – very nice 3D tilt racing game , see this video
PapiJump – tilt game to bounce a ball upwards
Robo Defense
Bubbles – blow on microphone to create bubbles
Music / Video / Photos
Music – built - in app , plays videos too
Youtube – built - in app , plays youtube videos embedded on webpages too .
Qik , Ustream – broadcast live video , and record it
TV.com – app for watching CBS and related videos .
NBC has a mobile - accessible website : m.nbc.com
Pandora – listen to music online
Photoshop has an android app now , see also PicSay and others
Picasa photo album support is built - in to android now
Development
ConnectBot – ssh
Miscellaneous
Amazon , Amazon MP3
Bubble – bubble level app
Compass
ShopSavvy
I ’m also keeping an eye out for note taking / handwriting recognition apps for a research project :
MyScript – not out yet , but see the videos
Whiteboard – 99 cent app
JotNot and ShareYourBoard – takes a picture of your paper / whiteboard notes and enhances them
other related note taking apps
Following up on the Kanjorski news earlier , it is now Senator Bernie Sanders who is set to anger PETA with his desire to disembowel pristine examples of cephalopodean vampyrrhic perfection .
The Senator has revealed legislation which requires the AIG - bailout mastermind Tim Geithner to name banks " whose collapse may shake the economy " and break up these firms in a year .
Look for some serious flight or flight sympathetic / parasympathetic ganglia to be going like gangbusters in the dorsal column of various bloodsucking marine creatures .
After all who'd a thunk that the willing victims of daily monetary rape would have the guts to stand up for themselves ( and if things are accelerating now , wait until Main Street learns that the average Goldman employee is getting paid about $ 750,000 for 2009 ) .
More from Bloomberg :
The legislation would give Geithner 90 days to list the commercial and investment banks , hedge funds and insurance companies deemed “ too big to fail . ”
Those firms would be broken up within a year , he said .
Representative Paul Kanjorski , a Pennsylvania Democrat , is considering a measure in the House that would break up large financial firms .
As Zero Hedge has long been recommending , firms that are TBTF or that have attained monopoly status in various market verticals ( of which Goldman Sachs is a shining example ) , deserve to be split into their component pieces , and / or receive comparable anti-trust intervention .
At the end of the day , what was good for Ma Bell in the 1980's , should be perfectly suitable for bloodsucking parasites .
Yet the inevitable push to gut any such proposals seems to not be generating much steam , even with Barney Frank 's complicity :
Kanjorski , chairman of a House Financial Services Committee panel on capital markets , this week said he was preparing a measure giving the government power to break apart large firms .
“ Nowhere in the world in the future will there be gigantic tsunamis coming out of nowhere and striking the entire world ’s economy , ” he said on Nov. 4 .
The Kanjorski measure would amend Chairman Barney Frank ’s draft legislation that creates a regulator council to monitor the economy and firms for systemic risk .
The committee today considered proposals to change Frank ’s measure , and the chairman has said a final vote by members is scheduled Nov. 20 .
“ Discussion of breaking up large financial institutions that pose systemic risk to the market is gaining traction on the Hill , ” FBR Capital Markets analysts led by Paul Miller said in an investor note Nov. 4 .
“ This legislation is currently in its infancy , and Congress has a number of difficult questions to answer before anything can move forward . ”
And who is the most vocal opponent to such legislation : why the Federal Reserve of course , even though the Fed is not a topic of discussion here .
But who is , is the Fed 's holding company : one Galactic Government Sachs .
Federal Reserve Governor Daniel Tarullo said Oct. 21 the idea of breaking up large institutions is impractical , calling it “ more a provocative idea than a proposal . ”
Instead , he said any firm that may pose a risk should be subject to stricter oversight .
Former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan on Oct. 15 said regulators should consider breaking up systemically risky firms .
Do n't worry
Fed , your time is coming .
There will be much greater things you need to worry about than the survival of your various Wall Street masters ... Just give it some time .
h/y Richard
April 28 , 2009 by Robin Plaskoff Horton
There are two things urban gardeners are short on : space and time .
The Urban Garden , brainchild of Bill Arquitt , resolves both of these issues , making it efficient and simple to plant a vegetable garden with up to 55 plants in a 3 - foot deep by 4 - foot wide footprint .
The contained six level tiered system is nearly maintenance - free , eliminating heavy weeding , and its northwestern cedar construction renders it naturally bug repellent .
Editor 's note : David Frum , resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , was a special assistant to President George W. Bush in 2001 - 2002 .
He is the author of six books , including " Comeback : Conservatism That Can Win Again , " and the editor of FrumForum.com .
( CNN ) --
The Republican fratricide in the November 3 special election in upstate New York may prove just an opening round of an even more spectacular bloodbath in Florida in 2010 .
In New York , Republican feuding lost the party a seat in the House of Representatives .
At stake in Florida is not only a senatorship -- but very possibly Republican hopes for 2012 as well .
The battle in Florida pits Gov. Charlie Crist against former Speaker of the Florida House Marco Rubio .
Both men claim to be conservative , pro-life , tax cutters .
On the issues , they would seem to agree far more than they disagree .
But on one issue they have disagreed passionately : President Obama 's fiscal stimulus .
Squeezed by his state 's desperate fiscal condition , Crist endorsed and campaigned for the Obama stimulus .
Inspired by his conservative ideology , Rubio opposed stimulus .
Now Rubio is the darling of conservatives nationwide .
Just this week it was announced that he would give the keynote address at next year 's annual Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington .
He has been profiled on the cover of National Review , endorsed by the Club for Growth , and feted by radio talk show hosts .
Crist , who as recently as 2008 topped the libertarian Cato Institute 's list of favorite governors , has been consigned to pariah status .
Here 's the significance of the Florida contest : Every state except Vermont is legally required to balance its budget .
With revenues collapsing in 2008 - 2009 , every Republican governor in the country eventually accepted federal funds .
( The two most vociferous objectors -- Alaska 's Sarah Palin and South Carolina 's Mark Sanford -- were either physically or mentally checking out of their jobs . )
Are all these Republican leaders , including such outstanding figures as Mitch Daniels of Indiana and Haley Barbour of Mississippi , now disqualified for future races ?
But if every governor accepted stimulus dollars , few states were as hard hit by the 2008 economic crisis as Florida .
State revenues collapsed by 11.5 percent between 2008 and 2009 .
Constitutionally obliged to balance the budget , Crist raised fees and cigarette taxes -- and still faced a huge budget gap .
Florida is a low - spending state .
( New York , with an only slightly larger population , spends nearly twice as much . )
Economies are not easily found .
Constitutionally obliged to balance his budget , Crist welcomed President Obama 's offer of federal stimulus dollars , and campaigned hard for passage of the emergency measure .
The final Obama plan granted Florida more than $ 15 billion over three years .
That money averted radical cuts to schools and Medicaid .
It saved the state from furloughing employees and raising taxes even higher .
It has paid for emergency employment on roads and water projects .
It has extended unemployment benefits for 700,000 Floridians and put an extra $ 25 per week in their relief packets .
Marco Rubio has fiercely denounced Crist 's support for the Obama stimulus .
His campaign ads show images of Crist and Obama side by side and damn the stimulus as " trillions in reckless spending " and a " terrible threat to a fragile economy . "
Rubio's last term in the Florida House ended in January 2009 , so he did not share responsibility for the state 's fiscal crisis .
But when asked by reporters what he would have done differently , Rubio has suggested that he would have refused the federal stimulus dollars and instead cut up to $ 6 billion out of the $ 65 billion state budget .
When asked where precisely he would have found those savings , Rubio demurred : " I do n't have the budget in front of me . "
These answers have gained Rubio little traction among voters in Florida , where he trails Crist badly in all demographic categories .
Rubio even trails Crist by 10 points among Hispanics , despite his Cuban ancestry and fluent Spanish .
But Rubio's message of uncompromising , unremitting opposition to President Obama has won him an enthusiastic following among conservatives nationwide .
Rubio's national base is generating national dollars .
Writing on FrumForum.com , the Web site I edit , Tim Mak reports that Crist has raised less than one - quarter of his money from outside Florida .
More than one - third of Rubio 's money has come from out of state .
Only 13 percent of Crist 's out - of - state dollars come from the Washington area , compared with 22 percent of Rubio's .
The candidate who purports to speak for populist rage in fact turns out to be the candidate of a national political leadership .
They used to have a saying in Tammany Hall : " It 's better to lose an election than lose control of the party " -- and control of the party is precisely what is at stake in Florida 2010 .
But here 's the most important unasked question raised by the enthusiasm for Rubio among Washington conservatives :
What alternative policy should have been adopted back in the spring , when interest rates had been cut to almost zero and the economy was still collapsing ?
Are vague bromides about big government anything like an adequate response to the worst economic crisis experienced by any American under age 80 ?
The great free - market economist Milton Friedman argued that the right policy in the 1930s was a bank rescue -- but the bank bailouts ( begun under a Republican president , lest we forget ) are even more unpopular among conservatives than Obama 's stimulus .
A few days ago , I was talking to a roomful of young conservatives about the crisis .
All agreed in denouncing both the bank bailouts done under TARP and the stimulus .
I asked : OK fine , what was the alternative ?
There was a short pause , and then somebody laughed : " I guess it 's lucky that we were n't in power . "
That 's not much of a motto for a would - be national governing coalition .
If all we conservatives have to offer is oppositionism , then opposition is the job we 'll be assigned to fill .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .
One sometimes wonders why the idiots in Washington have still not bailed out the private equity industry .
After all , for the low , low price of about $ 100 billion ( which is about how much keeping Fannie on life support will cost US taxpayers in the first quarter of 2010 alone ) , Congress can ensure that thousands of PE associates , VPs and MDs can once again frequent Hustler Club , order dozens of bottles of Cristal at Lotus , and eat sushi straight off geisha bodies at Bar Masa .
In other words , a return to those oh so difficult days of 2007 .
Furthermore , looking at the track record of PE , especially as characterized by its 10 largest deals in history , one can make the mistake that KKR , Apollo , Bain , Carlyle and Providence are all employing exclusively government workers : therefore the government would in essence be bailing out itself .
For those who are interested in more information , Moody 's has compiled a useful report , entitled " $ 640 billion & 640 days later : how companies sponsored by big private equity have performed during the U.S. recession . "
The track record is simply abysmal :
Of the top 10 deals , only Hertz , HCA and First Data are considered " stable " which is actually saying a lot ( " stable " by Moody 's means these firms are likely about to have an alien burst out of their ribcage ) .
For fear of being sued with impunity by the benevolent IR team at Hertz we wo n't say much , save to say that the firm is exclusively reliant on a stable economy , healthy business travel , vibrant tourism and the lack of default of fleet car makers , and which is leveraged up its colon in double digit leverage multiples .
Also , saying HCA and FDC are " stable " in public and one risks being involuntarily committed .
Therefore one can say that virtually all of the blockbuster LBO deals are on the verge of collapse / bankruptcy / default / insolvency , etc .
If that is not deserving of communist handouts courtesy of Comrade Obama , nothing is .
And while these companies life expectations are limited at best , regardless of how Hertz ' lawsuit against anyone who has a sell rating against the firm goes , the biggest threat is to the entire PE industry , which just like the CRE space , will be facing a massive refi threat into 2014 .
Between 2011 and 2014 , there is roughly half a trillion in LBO debt maturing .
Add that to the $ 1.5 trillion in bank debt due for rolling , and the roughly $ 3 trillion in CRE debt that is also supposed to be refinanced , and one can see how the next president will have his arms full as he / she will need to find a way to roll about $ 5 trillion in debt without the benefit of securitizations .
Furthermore , since the economy will be on stimulus # 10 by then courtesy of a drunk with power Obama , America will be on fast track to sovereign and corporate Armageddon .
Anyway , here is the chart that shows the upcoming debt maturities :
And since no Zero Hedge post is complete without ridiculing someone away from the Administration or the Fed ( the last two are like shooting fish in an excess liquidity barrel ) , here is the rating of the worst of the worst PE firms .
Not surprisingly , Cerberus is the worst PE firm in the history of the universe , followed promptly by Leon Black 's Apollo , of whose 20 deals initiated before 2008 , 5 are in distressed and 8 are in default .
Hey Calpers , how is that evaluation of your Apollo relationship going ?
And as we are confident that the White House will be all over this to find their next bail out target ( those $ 1.1 trillion in excess reserves have to hit the money in circulation somehow ) , we will present you will the full Moody 's report .
If , in addition to this , our dear White House readers are in need of reading , comprehension and math lessons , those can be purchased at our Paper Street headquarters : we accept compensation in the form of perpetual , non-accruing , non-PIKing TLGP zeros .
How - To
What is svchost.exe and is it Safe or is it a Virus ?
By
If you ’re like me , you enjoy opening up Task Manager to review what applications are running as well as inspecting other important details about your system .
Here , you have likely noticed several instances of svchost .
exe running .
Like me , you may wonder what it ’s function is or , if it ’s a virus , malware or an application gone wrong .
The good news is , svchost .
exe is n’t a virus or artificial intelligence taking over your computer .
The bad news is , it ’s mysterious and good at hiding exactly what it ’s done — by design .
That said , with a bit of digging , we can learn quite a bit about what exactly svchost .
exe is doing on your computer .
First , let ’s open up Windows Task Manager using the CTRL + ALT + DEL menu or by pressing the shortcut CTRL + SHIFT + ESC .
Either way , once your Task Manager is open , you will see several processes of svchost .
exe running .
What is svchost .exe ?
The Microsoft Support site defines it as “ a generic host process name for services that run from dynamic - link libraries . ”
Right .
So that ’s pretty straightforward , anyone could understand that .. err okay , let ’s translate .
A “ dynamic - link library ” also known as a .dll file is just a big block of programming code .
There are lots of neat tricks that developers can do with these files to make things run faster and take up less space .
The problem is that a .dll file ca n’t run standalone .
You need a .exe or “ executable ” file to load the .dll and its code .
Now that we know a DLL file is , it should be easier to understand why svchost is called a “ generic host . ”
All it does is load DLL files so they can run and execute system applications .
So it ’s nothing to worry about right ?
Well , there is the possibility that you could download a virus that could make your innocent svchost load up some DLLs from the dark side .
Keeping your computer updated with all of the Microsoft Security Updates and running an anti-virus app should minimize the chance of this .
Okay great , so it ’s just a host for even more processes !
Now I ’m even more curious and want to know what exactly is being run by svchost .
exe. , so how do I check this ?
There are two easy ways to keep tabs on svchost.exe .
The first is the command line .
How to find out what processes are running on your computer using the command line
1. Click the Start Menu and then click Run .
In the Run window that displays Type in cmd and press OK .
2 . In the Command Window Type tasklist / SVC , and then press ENTER .
Now you ’ll be able to see all of the listed dynamic libraries that svchost .
exe is running .
How to find which processes are running under svchost .
exe using Process Explorer
The problem with the command line is , it just brings up even more weird looking processes that appear as mysterious as svchost itself .
So here is where we need to download a program from Microsoft called Process Explorer .
Process Explorer is a fantastic application written by Microsoft to help you understand the nuts and bolts about Microsoft Windows .
Once you have it running , you can highlight individual processes and see what each process is doing .
The tool has been around since Windows XP and continues to be supported and updated for Windows 10 .
Launch Process Explorer and take a look at the svchost .
exe on my system .
Once opened , Simply hover over a process like svchost .
exe for details about it .
If you want even more details Right - Click svchost.exe and Click Properties then Select the Services tab .
Alright , everything is looking good , now we know what svchost .
exe is , and how to decipher all of the services that it ’s running .
After playing around with this , you ’ll notice that some of the svchost processes are n’t running as many services as others .
And wait , why are there so many svchost .
exe processes running simultaneously ?
Each svchost .exe process runs services based on logical service groups , for example , one may be running network services while another might be handling device drivers .
Having these services run on separate hosts is a neat feature because this way if one dies it wo n’t take down your entire system all at once .
Every year , each person in the UK is , on average , responsible for about 14 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions .
( The government 's published figures suggest a lower amount , but they omit things such as international aviation . )
So , if we want to make a genuine cut of 10 % across the board , we need to reduce our emissions by about 1.4 tonnes each .
Let 's call it 1.5 tonnes , just to be sure .
To aid the process , I have broken the average citizen 's lifestyle - related emissions into 10 distinct categories .
Some emissions , of course , we can't do much about ourselves , as they arise from energy use outside our control .
However , about two - thirds of that 14 - tonne annual total comes from the way we run our homes , our personal transport and the things we buy .
To be clear : the figures I 'm using are only averages .
People lead very different lives ; a person living in a small , city - centre flat without a car may have half the emissions of someone who flies every month and lives in a large , detached house .
My suggestions for CO 2 savings are intended simply as a yardstick for where best to focus your attention ( the annual projected savings are all calculated for an " average " energy consumer using the latest widely accepted figures ) .
The choice of how to achieve a 10 % cut in your emissions next year is down to you .
Domestic gas
( Responsible for just under two tonnes of CO 2 per person )
The amount of gas used at home is the most significant component of most people 's carbon footprint .
Gas use is largely driven by home heating , so it is the size of your house and how well insulated it is that determines how much energy you use .
( Heating the hot water and running the cooker are n't anywhere near as important . )
In a year , the average home uses about 20,000 units ( kilowatt hours ) of energy via gas use .
Your gas bills should give a figure for your usage each quarter – but remember you use very little in the summer months , so you 'll need to add up the total across all four quarters .
In our estimates , we 've used the gas consumption habits of the typical UK home , lived in by the average 2.3 people , and assumed the house is on the mains gas network .
Annual savings in tonnes of CO 2
Major improvement in your home 's insulation 0.4
New boiler if yours is more than 10 years old 0.3
Cavity wall insulation 0.3
Double glazing if you do n't have it 0.2
Solar hot water 0.2
Increase loft insulation , seal doors
and skirting boards , etc 0.2
Better controls for boiler , hot water tank
and radiators 0.2
Buy a wood - burning stove 0.2
Reduce your thermostat temp by 1 degree 0.2
Heat one less room 0.1
Slow - flow showers , not baths 0.1
Electricity
( One tonne of CO 2 )
The average home uses about 4,000 units of electricity a year .
Using this figure , and knowing that that there are an average of 2.3 people in each household , we can calculate that domestic electricity use accounts for about a tonne of CO 2 per person per year .
The most significant users of domestic electricity are tumble dryers , fridges and large televisions , particularly plasma TVs .
The level of emissions produced in generating your electricity depends , of course , on the fuel used in the power station , which is why the government is encouraging the development of renewable power sources such as wind .
In addition , recent changes to the subsidy scheme now make it more financially attractive to generate your own power from the sun or wind .
Annual savings in tonnes of CO 2
Install 2 kilowatt solar PV panels 0.4
Buy a new A++ refrigerator if yours is more than 4 years old , and only use a small - screen TV 0.1
Use LED or fluorescent lights where you currently have halogen lights installed 0.1
Buy an automated system to turn off appliances when not in use ; get a meter that shows actual energy use and use it to monitor your household 0.1
Only use your washing machine and dishwasher
when full to capacity and at lowest temperature 0.1
Never use the tumble dryer 0.1
Get rid of the freezer if you can , and replace your small appliances with " eco " varieties 0.1
Car
( 1.5 tonnes of CO 2 )
There is one car for every two people in the UK , and each one travels an average of about 9,000 miles a year .
Old MOT certificates usually have a mileage figure on them , so you can use them to estimate the annual mileage of your household cars .
Emissions are directly related to the amount of fuel you buy , and smaller , newer cars are about twice as energy - efficient as older , four - wheel drive vehicles .
For many city dwellers , a car - share scheme may be the best way of reducing emissions .
Those who must have their own car can reduce their petrol bills by a surprising amount by taking a one - day eco-driving course that shows how our bad driving habits increase the amount of fuel we use .
Annual savings in tonnes of CO 2
Cut your annual mileage in half 0.7
Sell the second car 0.7
Buy a new car with emissions in car tax bands A or B , then scrap the old one 0.5
Join a car club or set up an effective local car - sharing scheme 0.4
Share car to work 0.3
Go on a day 's eco-driving course , fit low - resistance tyres and check air pressure every month 0.2
Do n't ever use a car for shopping .
Buy online 0.1
Work from home one day a week rather than commuting by car 0.1
Air travel
( 1.2 tonnes of CO 2 )
Almost half the people in the UK wo n't travel by air this year .
Those who do fly take an average of about two trips a year .
Nevertheless , this is an important source of emissions because of the long distances involved .
One flight to Los Angeles and back is further than most people travel in their car during the entire year .
I 've also adjusted the figures to reflect the detrimental effect of aircraft emissions other than C0 2 , though there is still fierce scientific debate about the exact impact of these other pollutants .
Annual savings in tonnes of CO 2
Never fly 1.2
Restrict yourself to one short - haul return flight a year on a carrier with a fuel - efficient fleet 0.3
Consumer electronics
( 0.5 tonnes of CO 2 )
The gadgets we love to buy are another major source of carbon emissions , albeit " hidden " because almost all our living - room appliances are made in the Far East .
Our mobile phones , computers , games consoles and DVD players are packed with components from all over the world , often containing trace amounts of precious metals that have taken huge amounts of energy to refine .
The best study on the footprint of home computers was carried out by Apple ; it showed that a single new desktop machine created emissions of almost half a tonne during its manufacture .
The simple rule is : buy less stuff , keep it longer and then ensure it is properly recycled ; there are many organisations that will do this for you .
Annual savings in tonnes of CO 2
Buy secondhand mobile phones and ensure that three of your electronic devices are recycled 0.3
Keep your electronic devices ( eg phones , TVs , computers , DVD players , games machines ) one year longer than you would have 0.2
Switch from a desktop computer to a laptop at home , and recycle the desktop 0.1
Food
( 1.5 tonnes of CO 2 )
This always surprises people , but the global food production system is a really important source of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases .
Except for a few air - freighted foods , the main cause of the emissions is n't " food miles " .
Packaging is not particularly important either .
The high emissions come from livestock farming and from the heavy use of fertilisers , some of which break down into nitrous oxide , a global warming gas hundreds of times more powerful than CO 2 .
The best way to make a real difference to food - related emissions is to reduce your consumption of meat and dairy products .
Veganism might not be popular , but it can make a big difference to CO 2 and methane emissions .
Annual savings in tonnes of CO 2
Go vegan three days a week 0.5
Change to an almost entirely vegetarian diet , using mostly unprocessed wholefoods such as grains , seeds and nuts 0.5
Never buy processed food or ready meals 0.2
Buy more carefully and never throw food away 0.2
Grow all your own fruit and vegetables for July , August , September 0.1
Clothing
( 0.8 tonnes of CO 2 )
How can clothing be so important ?
The main reason , for people in the UK , is the use of wool and cotton fabrics that , when being produced , have very high greenhouse gas impacts .
We buy 20kg or so of new clothes every year and each garment made from natural fibres has a typical greenhouse gas footprint more than 20 times its weight .
Manmade fibres such as polyester are a better choice in terms of reducing emissions .
Annual savings in tonnes of CO 2
Buy 50 % secondhand clothes 0.3
Reduce purchases by a more than a quarter compared to last year ( eg buy four new T - shirts not the UK average of seven ) 0.2
Buy only manmade fibres 0.2
Focus on new fabrics made from bamboo , hemp or other cotton substitutes 0.1
Water , sewage and waste disposal
( 0.3 tonnes of CO 2 )
Pushing large volumes of water uphill to your house uses energy .
After its use , the waste water then has to be treated , and some methane from the sewage escapes into the atmosphere .
Some solid waste sent to landfill also generates emissions .
Annual savings in tonnes of CO 2
Install a ' grey water ' recycling system to take water from your washing machine into your lavatory 0.1
Use showers , not baths .
Install a flow - reducing aerator for the shower head 0.1
Regularly use soap , a basin of water and a sponge instead of a shower 0.1
Buy ultra - low water use cisterns , new water - saving dishwasher , washing machine .
Recycle old ones 0.1
Install – and carefully monitor – a water meter .
Put bricks in all the loos to reduce water .
Carefully recycle all waste , compost all organic matter 0.1
Install a composting toilet 0.1
Public transport
( 0.2 tonnes of CO 2 )
While we are all encouraged to use public transport more , the emissions are n't inconsequential .
Faster types of ferry and high - speed trains ( particularly diesel ) can be worse than cars .
But long - distance coaches are very energy efficient indeed .
Annual savings in tonnes of CO 2
Cycle everywhere 0.3
Always use coaches instead of the train 0.1
Work from home two days a week instead of taking public transport to work 0.1
Paper
( 0.3 tonnes of CO 2 )
Taking a tree and breaking it up into tiny fibres , turning it into a slurry that is then pressed into sheets of paper is incredibly energy intensive .
Newspapers such as the Guardian are now made from nearly 100 % recycled newsprint , thereby avoiding much of this energy use , but the embedded energy use should be considered .
However , magazines made from virgin paper have far higher footprints .
It also does n't help that Britons are said to be among the largest consumers of toilet paper in the world .
Annual savings in tonnes of CO 2
Only buy newspapers , magazines , books , toilet paper and copier paper made from recycled materials 0.1
Block direct mail , choose electronic bills and statements , buy secondhand books and share papers 0.1
' I'm a frequent flyer .
I have n't got a chance in hell of pulling this off '
Yes , flying a lot does drive up your carbon footprint considerably .
More than anything else , flying habits cause the largest fluctuations in people 's lifestyle - related emissions .
While almost half the population does n't fly at all in any typical 12 - month period , some people take up to 20 flights a year .
This table shows how emissions can vary enormously depending on the distance flown :
Two return trips on holiday to the Med 2.4 tonnes
Ski flight to Geneva 0.5 tonnes
Business conference in New York 2.7 tonnes
Quarterly meetings in Frankfurt 1.4 tonnes
Sales trips to Hong Kong and Sydney 14.3 tonnes
Source : Latest Defra estimates , adjusted to reflect current seat occupancy levels ( 75 % according to IATA , August 2009 ) and using a multiplier of 2 to reflect the non-CO2 impacts of aircraft in flight )
Anyone taking all these flights over a year might rack up a carbon footprint totalling more than 35 tonnes .
For such a person , the 10 % reduction could conceivably come from making savings in other areas , but probably they 'll only get there by cutting one or two flights .
It is n't too difficult .
Option 1
Take holidays by car or rail .
Southern France can be easily reached in a day from London .
Paris to Aix - en - Provence is three hours by TGV and about £ 50 .
Option 2
Cut one of the quarterly Frankfurt meetings and take the Eurostar ski-train to the Alps .
Option 3 Participate in that New York conference by video link .
Option 4
Merge the two sales trips to the Far East and Australia into one itinerary .
Perhaps you think you can't cut your flying .
But about five million flights from Heathrow last year were to internal meetings with people in the same organisation .
Perhaps some of these would have been excellent candidates for replacing with video conferencing ?
' I 've never knowingly done anything green in my life .
Where do I start ?'
You 're going to find this easy .
It will only take a few simple changes to take a substantial slice off your carbon footprint .
Just cutting out the obvious wastes of energy will almost certainly reduce it by 10 % without any significant change in your lifestyle .
The savings in cash may be noticeable as well .
Here are some easy suggestions . . .
• Adjust the central heating controls so that the boiler is only on when you need it .
Large numbers of households still do n't use their central heating controls properly .
Set the timer correctly , make sure the temperature sensitive valves on the radiators are in the correct position , and use the thermostat to control temperatures ( a lot of people use it simply as an on / off switch ) .
• Reduce electricity bills by turning off appliances at the wall when they are not in use , rather than leaving them on standby .
This wo n't save a huge amount of electricity , but it helps .
• Put energy - efficient bulbs in all your lampshades .
This alone might save 10 % of your electricity bill .
• Never drive on journeys of less than a mile or so .
Almost 30 % of journeys are less than two miles .
Would a bike be better , more convenient and more fun ?
• Almost everybody recycles newspaper now .
But what about composting food waste , sorting the plastics and giving the clothes to the charity shop ?
All these things will make a small difference individually , but taken together they might shave a few percent off your total carbon footprint .
• Sign up for 10:10 now
Indo -Fijians were rattled because the ascent Vulaono 's New Methodist Church coincided with calls for Fiji to be declared a Christian state in which only '' good Christians ' ' could be appointed to government .
" The New Methodists have a right to exist under the Declaration of Human Rights , " a senior lay Methodist acknowledges .
" But to be supported by the Government ?
That 's a different question , " says Rika .
Vulaono claimed to have more than 70 congregations across the islands and was booking a 20,000 - capacity stadium in Suva for his rallies .
In tandem , the Police Commissioner ordered his officers to dance in uniform on Vulaono 's stage .
Observers in Suva claim that Teleni's support for Vulaono contributed to a $ F9 million blow - out in last year 's police budget .
In April rank - and - file police and senior officers were stunned when ordered to attend a car - park rally where a New Methodist preacher harangued them on the ways of Jesus Christ .
Hindu and Muslim Indo-Fijians were made to attend , too - but had to listen to the preacher 's use of the indigenous Fijian language and his implicit rejection of their faith and culture .
Officers were forced to attend the New Methodist crusades - where they were made to sing and dance in uniform on the stage .
" Teleni called all Indo - Fijian officers to a meeting and told them if they did not like what was happening , they could get f--- ed , '' an observer told The Sun-Herald .
A combined police - New - Methodist , law - and - order campaign took to the streets of the capital , blaring out a message that turning to Christ was the way to deal with crime .
The police lectured night - clubbers , urging them to repent .
Couples frequenting Lovers ' Land , on Suva 's waterfront , were ordered not to embrace in public - and sent to their separate homes .
Prostitutes who did not heed police warnings to get off the streets were summarily trucked to a bridge over an ocean inlet where they were ordered to make the six - metre leap into the water .
But , according to several of the women , Christian idealism sometimes broke down at this point - they were made to service the arresting officers and had their purses and mobile phones stolen .
Some of the prostitutes were warned that if they were caught again , they would be made to jump from a higher bridge .
Others had their heads shaved .
Some were made to run alongside police vehicles in Suva 's streets .
Under police escort , they also had to attend Vulaono 's Sunday afternoon crusades .
A human - rights activist said the Fiji courts were pressuring women who were victims of domestic violence to reconcile with their husbands .
Peni Moore , of the Women 's Action for Change lobby , said much of the ill - treatment of prostitutes stopped after she complained to Bainimarama about the commissioner 's " biblical bullshit " .
In the meantime , the traditional Methodist Church was being neutered by the regime - and winning little support for its plight from other denominations .
Catholic priest Father Kevin Barr dissects the traditional Methodist Church as a force of darkness that deserved the treatment dealt to it by the regime - " the message to its top people was that they should get lost ' ' .
" At the leadership level , the Methodist Church contains an explosive mix of fundamentalist Christianity and ethnic [ indigenous Fijian ] nationalism , " he says .
Church sources say the phones of its leaders are tapped ; their emails are intercepted ; and they are followed by plainclothes officers as they move around Suva and the islands .
Their passports have been confiscated , blocking travel to international religious forums .
They are not allowed to meet with more than two people at any one time .
The Methodists ' annual conference was outlawed ; their traditional fund - raising was forced to a halt ; and even a gathering as innocent as their national choir competition was deemed a likely hotbed of subversiveness - and blackballed .
Seven senior Methodists , including the church president , the Reverend Ame Tugaue , and its general secretary , the Reverend Tuikilakila Warairatu , are awaiting trial on spurious charges after they were rounded up in April .
They were detained overnight , interrogated and accused of being political activists .
" They were treated as nobodies and verbally abused , as senior officials tried to find out the extent to which the church intended to resist the regime , " an associate says .
Asked about the church 's seemingly meek compliance with regime edicts , the lay Methodist explains : " We 're giving meaning to the biblical message of Christ - give the shirt from your back to whoever wants it ; if they say walk a mile , we 'll walk two miles .
" Our leaders can't speak out , even in church , because members of the military are in the congregation and we do n't know who comes to pray and who comes to spy .
'' The message to us was they 'll not be stopped .
Forget morality , law and order and human rights - might is right . "
At the time of the Methodist arrests , a government spokesman said the church should concentrate on the spiritual needs of its congregation rather than " promoting the ambitions of a few politically minded individuals " .
Ultimately the police - led New Methodist crusade became too embarrassing for the regime .
Attorney - General Aiyaz Sayed - Khaiyum saw himself as a sensitive new - age guy , so Teleni had to be hauled in , The Sun - Herald was told .
There was no public announcement .
" The closest to an official announcement was a letter from the chief censor to editors , ordering them to cease broadcasting the New Methodists ' paid programs on the grounds that they had become a security risk , " a media source says .
Says
Barr of the police crusade : " It was a stupid thing . "
The priest dismisses Vulaono as something of a charlatan - " he roars and yells at sinners ; to hear him preach is out of this world .
People were upset as much by the influence he was gaining over the police and young people as by the contradiction of Frank 's claim to want a multi-religious society , and here was this splinter group trying to dominate the country .
" Then , suddenly , it was over .
I spoke to the PM 's secretary - he waved his hand and said , ' Finished . ' "
There are doubts that Vulaono ever attended Bible school , much less had any formal training as a church minister , and he is a target of ridicule in the blogs that thrive in Fiji despite , and because of , the regime 's censorship of the media .
" The joke around town , " according to a women 's rights activist , " is that Frank shut Pastor Vulaono down , [ because ] he had a problem with the whole Christian thing - he just did n't like seeing the preacher become so powerful . "
Just as the traditional Methodists got the regime message , it seems Vulaono did , too .
At last Sunday afternoon 's Souls to Jesus gathering at the National Stadium , the crowd of about 2000 was pumped - swaying , dancing , gyrating ; eyes closed ; a finger pointed to heaven .
Loading
A warm - up relay of preachers , which included Vulaono 's daughter , whipped them into a frenzy .
But as the headline act , Vulaono was restrained , shuffling to and from the lectern , but not seeming to engage the crowd .
He did not respond to telephone messages left by The Sun - Herald over a 10 - day period .
So , we 're going to go to CNN headquarters in NY , LA and Atlanta on Thursday , Nov. 5 , 2009 at 12 Noon local time to show that there are people willing to stand up for the public option .
Votes are coming up in the Senate and the House .
The fate of the public option hangs in the balance right now .
If you want the public option , this is the time to fight .
Here are the addresses of the three different locations :
CNN Atlanta
190 Marietta St , NW
Atlanta , GA 30303
CNN New York
10 Columbus Circle
New York , NY 10019
CNN Los Angeles
6430 W Sunset Blvd Ste 300
Los Angeles , CA 90028
Here is the link to the Facebook events where you can see who else is coming and coordinate in your area :
http://www.facebook.com/eve
nt.php?invites&eid=1700
78072730
UPDATE : People have been asking about signs .
Here are some signs I would love to see .
I would just write these numbers , nice and big on the sign and then write the Survey it came from at the bottom .
These are all the percentage of Americans who said they wanted the public option :
77 % ( SurveyUSA 8/20/09 )
65 % ( NY Times / CBS News 9/25/09 )
55 % ( Washington Post / ABC News 9/12/09 )
62 % ( Quinnipiac 8/03/09 )
56 % ( Time 7/28/09 )
72 % ( NY Times / CBS News 6/20/09 )
56 % ( Washington Post / ABC News 10/20/09 )
59 % ( Kaiser Family Foundation 8/11/09 )
UPDATE II :
I want everyone to know that , of course , the whole TYT crew will be at the LA protest , including me .
We will also be taping it for the show .
And if you can tape the NY or Atlanta ones , please let us know in the comments here because we 'll reach out to you on how to get that video from you so we can use it on the show .
Thanks !
WASHINGTON  The Obama administration on Friday backed away from an order that had prohibited insurance companies from warning Medicare recipients about the possible loss of benefits under pending legislation to overhaul the health care system .
Medicare officials set off a political storm when they tried to stop such communications last month .
Under new guidelines , insurance companies can communicate with Medicare beneficiaries on pending legislation , provided they do not use federal money to do so .
In addition , insurers must get permission from beneficiaries before sending them information about legislation or asking them to join grass - roots advocacy efforts .
Beneficiaries can provide consent in writing , by telephone or on a Web site , the guidelines say .
At the same time , the Obama administration cited Humana on Friday for violation of Medicare rules , saying the company had misled beneficiaries by telling them they could lose valuable benefits under the legislation being pushed by President Obama and Democrats in Congress .
The actions on Friday were the latest skirmish between the Obama administration and the insurance industry .
For months , the White House and insurance companies had worked together on efforts to overhaul the health care system .
But the relationship deteriorated this week after two insurance trade groups issued reports saying the legislation would cause big increases in premiums .
For those market boosters who are prattling on about the possibility of a “ jobless recovery , ” I offer an invitation to join me for a breakfast of “ fat - free bacon , ” “ eggless omelets , ” and “ no - carb bread . ”
As unappetizing as such a meal may sound , it would nevertheless offer more substance than the oxymoronic concept of an economic resurgence without job creation .
Those who do cling to the absurd belief that , absent exponential productivity gains , the economy can expand while workers are being laid off will undergo a massive test of their convictions now that it ’s clear the employment picture is bleak .
Today ’s weaker - than - expected report on non-farm payrolls revealed that employers shed 263,000 jobs in September .
The losses propelled the headline unemployment rate to a 26 - year high of 9.8 percent .
U6 , the Bureau of Labor Statistics ’ most complete measure of unemployment , has risen to a dismal 17 percent .
This figure includes those people who want to work full time , but have simply given up looking , or who have accepted part - time work in the interim .
As it is similar to the methodology used during the Great Depression , U6 offers better historical perspective on the severity of our current crisis .
Taken together with yesterday ’s larger - than - expected pickup in unemployment claims ( first time claims rose by 17,000 to 551,000 ) , today ’s report makes it certain that the job market is still contracting , even while some indicators like GDP and consumer confidence are moving in the opposite direction .
There is no question that the sense of panic has temporarily subsided .
In recent interviews , Treasury Secretary Geithner has been almost giddy in his descriptions of the recovery — all the while crediting his own policies for averting disaster .
Americans are once again taking the government ’s bait by spending money they do n’t have to buy things they ca n’t afford .
Evidence of this trend was contained in data released earlier this week which showed that even while income growth was largely stagnant , U.S. consumers showed the biggest month - over - month increase in personal spending in ten years !
With the same report showing a 25 percent drop in the savings rate , the source of the spending money is clear .
But depleting savings and increasing borrowing does not a recovery make .
To really recuperate , the government must allow market forces to restructure our economy .
The government and individuals must rein in their spending ; we must replenish our stock of savings , allow interest rates to rise , asset prices to adjust to economic reality , insolvent businesses to fail , and wages to reflect productivity .
To accomplish these goals , subsidies that distort market forces must be removed and regulations that undermine our competitiveness must be repealed .
None of this can be accomplished without a degree of short - term economic pain .
However , if we endure it , the payback will be a real recovery with plenty of new jobs that do n’t rely on government stimulus money .
If we refuse to allow the economy to experience a real recession , we will never have the benefit of a real recovery .
Instead , we get the “ jobless recovery , ” a veneer of apparently positive indicators that merely obscures the underlying rot .
Over the last few decades , our industrial job market has atrophied while service - and public - sector jobs have grown unsustainably .
We must restore balance .
New jobs will have to come from areas that produce goods ; bloated service and government sectors must be allowed to shrink .
By propping up the sectors that need to contract , and running staggering budget deficits , the government cuts off the capital necessary to fund sectors that need to expand .
In truth , many of the service - sector jobs that exist today , such as real estate sales , mortgage finance , home improvement , and auto sales , were created in an environment of ever - increasing home equity , rising stock prices , and almost unlimited access to cheap consumer credit .
With home equity gone , stock markets flat , and credit depleted , Americans find themselves needing to save rather than spend .
But Washington has put through policies that have counteracted our good instincts .
While we were focusing our economy on consumer spending , much of the rest of the world was saving for the future .
As such , we must begin to produce more for export , so that we can sell goods to those who have the savings to pay for them .
That is the only way we can repay our debts , replenish our savings , repair our infrastructure , and rebuild our industrial base .
Another prerequisite to any real economic expansion is the potential for business owners to earn profits .
With increased regulation and higher taxes on the way , these incentives are being diminished .
In fact , via a phenomenon called “ regime uncertainty , ” our current policy path is actually encouraging businesses to contract in order to prepare for a more hostile business environment .
Robust economies utilize all spare capacity , or restructure it for better use .
Having 17 percent of our able - bodied population sitting at home or working part - time at Cinnabon indicates that our present policies are weakening the economy — even if GDP is growing .
There is no “ jobless recovery , ” only senseless cheerleading .
A car crash can happen in less than a second , yet that fraction of time may cost you months away from work , years of pain and inconvenience , or a lifetime of disability .
The physical pain , worry , and financial burden can be overwhelming .
After an accident , you may be very concerned about your future and unsure about your next steps .
The tenacious personal injury trial attorneys of Kearney , Freeman , Fogarty & Joshi , PLLC are here to protect your rights and your fair recovery if you ’ve been hurt or if your loved one has been killed in a car accident in Virginia .
Our car accident attorneys serve locations around Fairfax County , including Fairfax County , Fairfax City , Loudoun County , the city of Alexandria , Arlington County , the towns of Vienna and Herndon , Prince William County , Stafford County , Chantilly , Sterling , Oakton , Centreville , the city of Richmond and Fredericksburg , Woodbridge , Springfield , Annandale , Gainesville , McLean , Tysons Corner , Falls Church , Great Falls , Leesburg .
For more than 30 years , we ’ve been helping car accident victims and their survivors , and we ’ve recovered millions of dollars for our clients .
Insurance companies know that we fight hard , and we ’re not afraid to go to trial to represent our clients .
Let us provide you with the personal attention and skilled legal representation you need , so you can recover from your car accident injuries .
Our Car Accident Attorneys Represent People Hurt in All Types of Crashes Throughout Northern Virginia
A car accident can happen for many reasons , and often , there ’s a negligent driver at fault .
Basically , any injury that results in some type of loss or damage or that requires medical care can qualify for a personal injury claim .
Following are some of the most common causes of serious car accidents :
Any of these causes can result in one of these serious types of car accidents :
The cause of the crash and the type of accident are important in determining who was at fault for your car accident and who should pay for your recovery .
Fairfax Car Accident Attorneys Dedicated to Protecting The Injured Throughout Northern Virginia
Our car accident lawyers believe that anyone who is hurt due to someone else ’s negligence deserves to make a fair recovery .
Unlike some law firms that will not take a case unless there are catastrophic injuries or fatalities , we are willing to handle all types of car accident injury cases and work to win compensation for all victims .
This includes people who suffer :
These injuries deserve full compensation which may include past , current , and future :
Healthcare costs
Out - of - pocket costs
Lost income
Pain and suffering
Other damages related to your accident
How a Car Accident Case Works
Even if you suffered a serious injury after your car accident , receiving compensation wo n’t be automatic .
Instead , you will need to take action to pursue a fair financial recovery .
The car accident litigation process is complicated , and while no two cases are exactly alike , most tend to follow these basic steps :
The injured party gathers evidence and other essential information at the scene of the accident .
The victim ’s attorney presents the gathered evidence to the insurance company or defendant ’s legal counsel for evaluation .
This usually includes your medical records , your account of the accident , a journal detailing the ways your injuries affect your day - to - day life , and an acceptable settlement amount .
The insurance company or opposing legal counsel evaluates your claim and contacts your lawyer to begin negotiations .
The involved parties negotiate back and forth until an agreement is reached .
If parties cannot reach an agreement , the case may proceed to trial .
Regardless of whether your case settles or goes to trial , the benefits of working with an experienced personal injury attorney can't be overstated .
Not only can a knowledgeable and seasoned attorney help ensure you receive a fair settlement offer , but your lawyer can also guide you through each step of the trial process and increase your likelihood of success .
Insurance companies are often quick to offer a less - than - fair settlement , especially when they know you are not represented by an attorney who has a strong track record in court .
As experienced car accident lawyers , we advocate for your rights and do not back down to ruthless insurance companies .
As our client , you will work directly with an attorney who will take the time to provide you with answers about the legal process .
We will also clearly explain what is happening in your case and the legal options available to you at every stage .
Protect Your Car Accident Injury Claim After a Wreck
Every car accident recovery is unique .
Some aspects of your recovery are n’t in your control , including the amount of car insurance available .
However , there are steps you can take after a crash to maximize your car accident recovery , including :
Speak With One of Our Fairfax Car Accident Attorneys Today for Free
The experienced Fairfax car accident injury lawyers at Kearney , Freeman , Fogarty & Joshi , PLLC want to hear from you today .
We offer free , no-obligation initial consultations , and all of our personal injury work is handled on a contingent fee basis .
This means , if there is no financial recovery for you , there is no legal fee .
You only remain financially responsible for out - of - pocket expenses .
We are passionate about the work we do , and we are committed to every client we represent .
Please call our office in Fairfax , Virginia or contact us via this website to learn more about how we may help you get your life back on track after an auto accident .
The other week , while shooting the shit about programming languages , a colleague mentioned the Twitter Ruby v. Scala debate , how Twitter had switched to Scala to meet their scaling needs .
I was n't following the ruckus that closely ( no dog in the fight ) , but that sounded really odd , to say that one language is more scalable than the another .
For one , different people give different meanings to scalability so any discussion on scalability is bound to be problematic unless the participants all agree on a single definition .
I personally like to use Amazon CTO Werner Vogel 's description .
Have n't given much more thought to the debate since then ; until yesterday , when an article on Twitter 's evolving architecture appeared on InfoQ .
Most of the commotion stems from Twitters messaging queue problem :
The first implementation of the MQ was using Starling , written in Ruby , and did not scale well especially because Ruby ’s GC which is not generational .
That lead to MQ crashes because at some point the entire queue processing stopped for the GC to finish its job .
A decision was made to port the MQ to Scala which is using the more mature JVM GC .
The current MQ is only 1,200 lines and it runs on 3 servers .
Now I see the problem .
We 're muddling the language with the platform .
The sentence " a decision was made to port the MQ to Scala which is using the more mature JVM GC " should have read " a decision was made to move to the more mature JVM GC and Scala was chosen as the language " .
The move to Scala was dictated by the performance and reliability of the Java VM and its garbage collector , not Scala the programming language .
Twitter is giving Scala the programming language too much credit .
I do n't think they are doing this intentionally and they do always note the JVM aspect , but with slides like this
and focusing more on Scala the programming language than the VM platform it 's not entirely surprising that some folks took issue and were confused by Scala 's magical scaling abilities .
And the bit about only 1,200 lines of code omits their dependency on Apache Mina ( plain old Java ) .
In essence Twitter moved to Java and the Java platform -- it just so happens that Scala is a cool language that can co-exist on the platform .
And that 's Scala 's dirty little secret .
Scala is only scalable in the sense that it runs on the reliable , high - performing JVM platform .
This is why people say that Java the programming language is dead , but long live the virtual machine .
Rich Hickey has a good , succinct take on languages and platforms in his rationale for Clojure .
In this sense Ruby is doing it the " old way " whereas languages like Clojure and Scala are doing it the " new way " by leveraging the platform .
If Scala only ran on the 1.4 JVM no one probably would even be talking about Scala , because while some of the language constructs are neat , lets face it , they are not revolutionary or entirely novel .
What 's the saying , everything interesting in computer science was between 1950 - 1980 .
So , in addition to
languages do n't scale , architecture scale
frameworks do n't scale , solutions scale
I will add the following
languages do n't scale , platforms scale
Incidentally , it should be noted that the creator of Scala refers to Scala 's scalability not with respect to the platform but because Scala can be applied to a " wide range of programming tasks , from writing small scripts to building large systems . "
But since scalability means different things to different people we 're bound for disconnect .
Palin rallied thousands of abortion opponents at a fund - raising banquet of Wisconsin Right to Life .
Palin : Dems will apply abortion mind - set to elderly
WEST ALLIS , Wis. – Sarah Palin rallied thousands of abortion opponents Friday night with a a stark warning that the same philosophy that allows abortion rights could soon be invoked to allow the government to cut off health care for the elderly or children with special needs .
Speaking to a fund - raising banquet of Wisconsin Right to Life , the former Alaska governor and 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee asserted that if policy - makers do n’t believe a child in the womb is valuable , then “ perhaps the same mind - set applies to other persons . ”
Advertisement
“ What may they feel about an elderly person who does n’t have a whole lot of productive years left , ” Palin asked an audience of about 5,000 who paid $ 30 each to hear her speak in an airplane hangar - like exhibition hall at the Wisconsin state fairgrounds just outside of Milwaukee .
“ In order to save government money , government health care has to be rationed … [ so ] than this elderly person that perhaps could be seen as costing taxpayers to pay for a non-productive life ?
Do you think our elderly will be first in line for limited health care ?
“ And what about the child who perhaps is n’t deemed normal or perfect per someone ’s subjective measure of their use or questionable purpose in the eyes of a panel of bureaucrats making our health care decisions for us , ” she continued .
Palin did not expressly raise the prospect of government - mandated “ death panels ” to determine who lives or dies – the incendiary and inaccurate charge she made over the summer about Democratic health care plans — but repeatedly suggested that liberal social policies could lead to de facto euthanasia .
Her warning was couched in repeated rhetorical questions about what might happen when laws are made by those she portrayed as having an insufficient appreciation for the sanctity of all human life .
“ We have to think this through , ” she said .
“ We have to get to the truth of this matter , health care reform . ”
The fund - raiser was advertised as closed to media coverage , but at least three reporters , including one from POLITICO , attended simply by purchasing a ticket like other members of the public .
Palin has made few public appearances since resigning as governor in July , sequestering herself to write a much - anticipated book coming out later this month .
But a year after the election that made her a global celebrity , her star has dimmed little with those same conservative activists who thronged her campaign rallies in this and other states .
The event made clear that for her ardent supporters she remains more phenomenon than traditional politician .
The line to get into the venue here stretched over a half - mile outside the building and a local conservative talk radio station even marked the event by printing t- shirts that welcomed her to the city , noted the date of her appearance and deemed her : “ America ’s Conservative Conscience . ”
The anti-abortion group that hosted the event sought to raise money by including pledge cards on every chair that included an offer to become part of “ Sarah ’s Rogues ” by giving $ 1,000 to the group in exchange for an autographed copy of her forthcoming memoir , “ Going Rogue : An American Life .
The event and the enthusiastic response were a vivid reminder of the following she commands .
But her remarks also illuminated the mix of assets and limitations she would possess if she seeks to become a 2012 presidential contender .
Palin had remarks prepared but frequently wandered off - script to make a point , offering audience members a casual “ awesome ” or “ bogus ” in discussing otherwise weighty topics .
As in : “ It is so bogus that society is sending a message right now and has been for probably the last 40 years that a woman is n’t strong enough or smart enough to be able to pursue an education , a career and her rights and still let her baby live . ”
Other Palin touchstones included : praise for the military , jeers for the “ the liberal media ” and a general manner of speaking that often veered into rhetorical culs - de-sac .
While she drew applause during her remarks , Palin ’s extemporaneous and frequently discursive style was such that she never truly roused a true - believing crowd as passionate about the issue at hand as she .
Not once during her address did they rise to their feet .
In a closing exhortation , she urged the audience , “ Do n't ever let anyone to tell you to sit down and shut up . ”
She then got a standing ovation from most of the crowd , but a few had begun to leave before she even finished and within seconds of her concluding , scores more got up and put on their jackets as they walked away .
In addition to the suggestion that government officials would consider hastening the death of the infirm or handicapped , she began her remarks with a puzzling commentary on the design of newly minted dollar coins .
Noting that there had been a lot of “ change ” of late , Palin recalled a recent conversation with a friend about how the phrase “ In God We Trust ” had been moved to the edge of the new coins .
“ Who calls a shot like that ? ” she demanded .
“ Who makes a decision like that ? ”
She added : “ It ’s a disturbing trend . ”
Unsaid but implied was that the new Democratic White House was behind such a move to secularize the nation ’s currency .
But the new coins – concerns over which apparently stemmed from an email chain letter widely circulated among conservatives – were commissioned by the Republican - led Congress in 2005 and approved by President Bush .
Palin also offered flashes of the traits that endear her to many conservatives .
Offering great personal detail , she relayed the story of how she came to find out that her infant son , Trigg , had Down Syndrome .
She confessed to being scared and said that she and her husband , Todd , turned to God to prepare them .
After years of advocating against abortion in theory – what she called “ preaching to the choir ” – Palin said she was presented with the stark reality of what to do with a special - needs baby .
“ I am thankful to have been asked to walk the walk , ” she said .
Palin also included a few less personal , but as compelling , flourishes in her remarks , citing Pope John Paul II ( never a bad idea in a heavily - Catholic part of the country ) , referring to scripture ( John 16:13 ) and noting that such feminist pioneers as Susan B. Anthony and Elizabeth Cady Stanton had opposed abortion ( she called them “ foremothers ” ) .
She also demonstrated a politician ’s ability to connect with a local crowd , relating that her grandmother was born in Chippewa Falls , her dad had played high school football with Packers great Jerry Kramer and , with an audience that likely watched a lot of Fox News , noted her relationship with the network ’s talk show , Wisconsin native Greta Van Susteren .
Further , Palin talked with ease about the abortion issue , touting polling this year that showed a majority of the country opposing the procedure , recalling successful ad campaigns ( “ Choose Life ” ) on the issue and casting her own opposition to it in terms familiar to the movement .
Palin did n’t mention President Obama by name , but did take a shot at him for opposing an abortion - related measure as an Illinois state senator and more than once mocked his catch phrase .
" Let 's talk about change we can believe in , " Palin said .
" Friends , a majority of Americans identify as pro life , and thank God for that . "
She reserved her toughest critique for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , eliciting boos from the crowd at the mention of the speaker ’s name .
Palin urged Pelosi to allow House members to vote on an amendment that would bar any taxpayer funds from being used to fund abortion .
“ We need to make sure she hears the message that she will held accountable if she does not let this at least come to a vote of her colleagues so they can have their voice be heard , ” Palin said .
After she concluded her remarks – and presented the organization with an over - sized , $ 1,000 check – Palin signed autographs for some of the few hundred people who surged toward the dais .
Alissa Maerzke , 12 and wearing a “ Palin 2012 ” t- shirt , was elated that she got the former governor ’s signature .
After collecting a congratulatory hug from her mom , Maerzke recounted that she asked Palin if she was going to run for president .
“ She just smiled , ” said the girl .
In the line on the way into the event , a gentleman wearing a Harley - Davidson fleece pull - over and jeans joked to his friends that he was going to ask Palin to marry him , summing up his devotion this way : “ She thinks like I do , she ’s absolutely gorgeous and Democrats are afraid of her – what ’s not to like ? ”
This article tagged under : Abortion
Sarah Palin
I respect Jim Hamilton a lot , so I take his criticism seriously — and he raises questions that others raise too about my relatively sanguine assessment of the debt situation .
Yet I think that he and others are quite wrong , on several counts .
First off : the assertion that the post - World War II debt was sui generis , that it offers no guidance on what we can afford .
It ’s true that right after the war it was possible to get a drastic reduction in spending easily , since we did n’t have to fight the Axis any more .
But let ’s take a slightly later start date : in 1950 , federal debt in the hands of the public was 80 percent of GDP , which is in the ballpark of what we ’re looking at for 2019 .
By 1960 it was down to 46 percent — and I have n’t heard that anyone considered America a debt - crippled nation when JFK took office .
So how was that possible ?
Was it through drastic cuts in defense spending ?
On the contrary : we ’re talking about the height of the Cold War ( with a hot war in Korea along the way ) , and federal spending actually rose as a share of GDP .
So yes , it was n’t entitlement programs , but it was n’t exactly discretionary either .
How , then , did America pay down its debt ?
Actually , it did n’t : federal debt rose from $ 219 billion in 1950 to $ 237 billion in 1960 .
But the economy grew , so the ratio of debt to GDP fell , and everything worked out fiscally .
Which brings me to a question a number of people have raised : maybe we can pay the interest , but what about repaying the principal ?
Jim gets scary numbers about the debt burden by assuming that we ’ll have to pay off the debt in 10 years .
But why would we have to do that ?
Again , the lesson of the 1950s — or , if you like , the lesson of Belgium and Italy , which brought their debt - GDP ratios down from early 90s levels — is that you need to stabilize debt , not pay it off ; economic growth will do the rest .
In fact , I ’d argue , all you really need to do is stabilize debt in real terms .
So where Jim Hamilton has us paying $ 1 trillion a year to service $ 9 trillion in debt , I have us paying $ 225 billion — 2.5 % real interest on that sum .
Now , how does that compare with the tax base ?
Hamilton rather mysteriously compares debt service only with current personal income taxes .
If we use the overall tax take , and talk about what that tax take will be a decade from now , things look much less severe .
So : in 2008 , with revenues already depressed by the recession and housing bust , the federal government took in $ 2.5 trillion in revenues .
If we assume 2.5 % real growth * and 2 % inflation , by 2019 that would rise to $ 4 trillion .
So debt service costs due to the next decade ’s deficits would be less than 6 percent of revenue under current law .
So , to review : to make the debt look scary , you have to dismiss the post - World - War II experience , even though it turns out that the 50s offer a quite good lesson ; assume that in the future the federal government will have to amortize debt over a quite short period , even though it never had to in the past ; compare this inflated debt burden with a narrow piece of the federal tax base ; and ignore the likely growth in the tax base over the next decade .
I ’m not convinced .
* Contrary to what some think , we ’d actually expect growth over the next decade to be somewhat above trend , as the economy picks up some of the current slack .
That ’s what the historical record tells us actually happens .
There have been a lot of discussions why the gender ratios in academic philosophy remain so abysmal these days .
Prominent recent posts include :
Jenny Saul at Feminist Philosophers ( one , two )
Louise Anthony at Feminist Philosophers ( here )
Dana at Edge of the American West ( here )
Evelyn Brister at Knowledge and Experience ( one , two , three )
Richard Zach and LogBlog ( one , two )
There ’s a very big question about why philosophy is doing such a bad job at getting women into senior roles .
I suspect that such a debate will be helped by thinking about just where things are going wrong .
For someone to become a full professor of philosophy , they typically have to go through a number of stages .
Here are four particularly prominent ones :
Enrolling in an intro philosophy course Applying to graduate school Getting an entry - level job Being promoted to full professor
There might be other ways of dividing up the typical career path that are more helpful , but I find it useful to think about these four steps .
We know that the numbers at step 4 are terrible .
What we do n’t know , in general , are what the numbers are at the other three steps .
We do know a little .
We know in Australia , for instance , that the majority of intro philosophy students are women , 57 % in fact .
That ’s what the big AAP report found out .
We also know that in Australia , there ’s near gender parity in the Honours year , with 47 % women .
( That ’s an extra year of philosophy study , after the requirements for the undergrad degree are completed , and practically essential for graduate study .
It ’s much like a 1 year coursework Masters . )
We also know in Australia there are somewhat fewer ( proportionally ) women graduate students than Honours students ( 39 % vs 47 % ) , though I do n’t think we know whether that happens at the application stage or later .
There are about the same percentage of junior faculty as PhD students ( 40 % ) , and then a cliff dive in getting to full professorship ( 6 % ) .
Now some of the drop off from junior to senior professorship comes in because the numbers of junior professors was lower in recent years .
But I doubt that ’s all of the explanation .
Still , it ’s nice to see numbers like this .
Imagine what it would be like in the U.S. if 47 % of honours majors were women !
One reason for thinking hard about where the drop off is occuring is that it rules in or out certain hypotheses for why there are proportionally fewer women .
For instance , it ’s hard to square the Australian data with a particularly strong version of the claim that philosophy is offputting to women because of its aggressiveness .
You know a fair bit about what philosophy is like before starting Honours .
You know a lot more by the time you end Honours and start a PhD .
It ’s hard to explain any drop off in numbers beyond that as due to agressiveness I think .
For similar reasons , it ’s also hard to square the Australian data with a claim that the subject matter is just not something appealing to women .
You do n’t sign up for an Honours year if you do n’t like the subject .
And it ’s somewhat hard to square the Australian data with the hypothesis put forward by Regan Penaluna ( via Leiter ’s Blog ) that women are put off by the all - male canon .
After all , the canon is pretty male in Australia as well .
To be sure , an intro philosophy student taking the courses I took ( and later taught ) could well come away with the impression that Judith Jarvis Thomson is the most important philosopher of the last 50 years given the amount of time we spent on trolleys and violinists .
But I still think this explanation is hard to make consistent with the Australian data .
Indeed , it ’s hard to see how these three explanations ( aggressiveness , subject matter , maleness of canon ) could together account for more than a few percent of the ‘ missing ’ women in non-Australian philosophy programs , given that all of the features are present in Australia .
Now it ’s true that there is attrition , from 57 % in intro classes , to 47 % in Honours , to 39 /40 % in junior faculty .
And that attrition might be explained by agressiveness / dislike of the material / maleness of the canon .
But beyond that we need a different explanation .
As several of the posts quoted at the top suggest , I suspect the right explanation will have more to do with conscious or unconscious biases , or with network effects that create institutional biases .
I ’d guess , though this is something that would need to be checked against the facts , that the small size of the philosophical community in Australia makes it less likely that all - male subcommunities will have time and space to develop , and that might ameliorate the kind of network effects that , e.g , Dana discusses .
But more work is needed here .
Of course , the Australia data is just Australian .
Things may look very different in other countries .
I do n’t know if there ’s much data about what ’s happening in Britain .
I ’ve heard it suggested that there ’s a much bigger dropoff between undergraduate numbers and graduate numbers than we see in Australia , but I do n’t know whether that ’s something that ’s been measured .
I have seen , thanks to some excellent bloggers , some data about America !
Richard Zach and Evelyn Brister have been posting about the percentage of women among philosophy BA ’s in the United States .
As Prof Brister points out , the number got to around 30 % fifteen years ago , and has n’t moved much since .
It ’s striking how much lower this is than the Australian numbers .
It ’s also striking that it is n’t that different to the percentage we see of women in graduate programs , amongst junior faculty and so on .
And that puts more constraints on what can count as a good explanation of the numbers .
We need to explain not just why the U.S.A. numbers are so low , but why they are so low compared to other countries .
Here it would be nice to know just where things are going wrong in the U.S. system .
Is it that 50 % of students in intro classes are women , but a much higher percentage of men are going on to further classes ?
Is it that we start at 30 % and never get better ?
Or is it somewhere in between ?
My anecdotal observation is that the last is true .
We do n’t have female majorities in our big intro classes – far from it .
But the gender balance in intro is better than it is in 300/400 level courses , especially in metaphysics , epistemology , language and logic .
If that ’s right ( and it would be nice to know if it is ) then two things are going wrong : we ’re not attracting enough women to intro courses , and we ’re not giving them enough reason to stay in philosophy .
I ’ll end with one very speculative hypothesis .
Word of mouth seems to play a much bigger role in course selection in American universities than it ( seems ) to play in Australian universities .
Australian universities typically feature very small numbers of students living on campus , with the vast majority commuting .
( Just about everyone I knew as an undergrad commuted , with the exception of a few who lived walking distance from campus . )
Perhaps philosophy is getting a bad reputation through the word - of - mouth networks , and that ’s feeding into fewer women taking intro courses .
Perhaps .
Any better explanations would be very gratefully received .
The Department of Defense has identified 914 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans over the past week :
CLEAVER , John J. , 36 , Staff Sgt. , Army ; Marysville , Wash . ; 82nd Airborne Division .
FRAZIER , Daniel A. , 25 , Sgt. , Army ; St. Joseph , Mich. ; 82nd Airborne Division .
HAND , Nicholas J. , 20 , Lance Cpl. , Marines ; Kansas City , Mo. ; Second Marine Expeditionary Force .
SHERMAN , Benjamin W. , 21 , Sgt. , Army ; Plymouth , Mass. ; 82nd Airborne Division .
As Chelimsky ran his tests on her hands and feet , it was clear that there was significant nerve damage .
The most common cause of this kind of damage was diabetes , but this patient did n’t have that .
A pinched nerve in the neck could also cause this kind of injury ; so could a deficiency in vitamin B - 12 .
But what caught Chelimsky ’s attention was the possibility that the disease had affected not just the nerves he was testing — those that carry information back and forth between the brain and the voluntary muscles of the body — but also the type of nerves he could n’t test by EMG , autonomic nerves , which innervate the organs like the heart , the stomach , the urinary tract .
Many of her other symptoms — the rapid heart rate , being unable to urinate , abdominal pain with no visible cause , even her constipation , which had been so severe that six months before much of her colon was removed — could be caused by damage to the autonomic nervous system .
All that added up to just one likely diagnosis .
“ Has anyone ever mentioned the word porphyria to you ? ” he asked .
She ’d never heard of it .
He was n’t certain that ’s what she had ; he had n’t examined her or reviewed her medical records , but the involvement of both types of nerves suggested this rare disease , and he thought she should discuss the possibility with her doctors .
When the patient got home that afternoon , she told her husband that Chelimsky said that she might have something called porphyria .
Together the patient and her husband , a pediatrician , went to his library of medical books and began reading up on this rare disease .
They read that porphyria was the name of a group of diseases caused by a genetic defect in the way that one part of the red blood cell is made .
The oxygen - carrying portion of blood , known as heme , is a complicated molecule made in the liver and the bone marrow .
Porphyria is caused when one of the pieces of the anatomical machinery that makes heme is missing .
This is the disease that may have given birth to the American Revolution .
It ’s thought that King George III was suffering from porphyria as he fiddled while the colonies were ablaze with the drive for independence .
As the patient read about the most common symptoms of the disease — episodes of abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting or constipation , weakness , confusion , rapid heart rate , the inability to urinate — it was as if she were reading her own medical history : her entire life seemed to be there on the page of these old medical textbooks .
All the strange and terrible symptoms she suffered through , had surgery for , been considered crazy for , were there on the pages she read .
Tears flowed down her face .
Her husband cried , too .
They had , she felt certain , finally found the answer .
It took more than three months for the patient to get a definitive diagnosis .
If figuring out this disease was difficult , testing for it was equally so .
But eventually , porphyria was confirmed .
Porphyria is a disease of the nervous system .
Thus , everything in the body is affected .
The patient ’s hardworking doctors had been chopping down the trees one by one , treating each ailment in isolation .
Dr. Chelimsky , a neurologist , was finally able to step back and see the entire forest .
The children of a person with porphyria have a 50 percent chance of inheriting the disease .
Recently the patient ’s brother was given a diagnosis of porphyria .
And she now realizes that her father , who died six years ago , probably had it as well .
It ’s painful for her to think of his suffering for all those years without the diagnosis that could have saved his life .
There is no cure for porphyria , but it can be treated .
Episodes of pain can be shortened by providing the body with the heme it needs .
The patient learned that she could prevent many of the attacks by avoiding the disease triggers — certain drugs and hormones , stress , illness , skipping meals .
She told me recently that she has worked hard to make these lifestyle changes .
And , she added proudly , she has n’t had an attack in more than a year .
YUMA - Along its final miles , the Colorado River snakes through a dizzying series of dams , canals , siphons and ditches , diverted to hundreds of users in Arizona and California until barely a trickle remains .
What flows through this watery Grand Central Station could fill the needs of all the homes and offices in Phoenix , Tucson , Las Vegas and much of Southern California .
But it does n't .
The water , more than a billion gallons a day , irrigates vast fields of wheat , alfalfa , cotton , lettuce , cauliflower , broccoli , melons and a produce aisle of other fruits and vegetables , feeding an industry tilled from the desert more than a century ago .
In Arizona , the crops yield about 1 percent of the state 's annual economic output , yet the fields soak up 70 percent of the water supply .
That outsize allotment has painted a target on the farms as urban water managers search for the next bucket of water to meet future demands .
Because so much of what farmers use flows from renewable surface supplies , such as the Colorado River , agricultural water seems like a good pool to tap .
Using that water would reduce the pressure on the state 's vanishing groundwater resources and reduce the need to pay for expensive alternatives , such as desalinated seawater .
But the issues have grown more complicated than transferring water from one user to another .
The conflicts have evolved from the clearly defined us vs. them - cities vs. farmers - to more nuanced sustainability issues , such as trading future urban water supplies for locally grown food .
Some of the biggest questions ahead for Arizona 's water managers will have less to do with whether we have enough water than how we use the water we have .
They are questions that will force Arizonans and their elected leaders to decide what they value .
" We do n't want to get into a situation of saying ' My use is better than yours , ' " said Tom Davis , general manager of the Yuma County Water Users Association .
" But there needs to be a better way than just whoever has the most money gets the most water . "
The farmers ' water
There 's no getting around the facts : Farmers use a lot of water in Arizona .
With so little rain , they must irrigate every field of hay , every row of vegetables .
In a year , agriculture consumes almost 5 million acre-feet of water , or 1.6 trillion gallons .
The annual value of the crops alone is about $ 2 billion .
Industry groups say that , including suppliers and related businesses , agriculture overall contributes more than $ 9 billion a year to the state 's economy .
At either estimate , though , agriculture accounts for just a fraction of Arizona 's gross domestic product , which in 2007 was an estimated $ 245 billion .
Rick Sellers farms about 4,000 acres between Yuma and the U.S. - Mexico border .
He makes his best money during the winter , when he grows lettuce , cauliflower , broccoli and fennel - crops not native to the desert .
" The vegetables take a lot of water , " he admitted .
" But we manage the heck out of it .
We try to stretch it as far as we can . "
Sellers strings sprinkler pipes across many of his fields instead of running water down ditches , reducing losses to seepage .
He spent $ 48,000 this year to line a section of dirt ditch with concrete .
He employs a small army of irrigators to make sure crops get only the water needed .
" Frankly , I think we 're about as efficient as we 're going to be , " he said .
With a reliable water supply , farmers can manage their resources down to the drips in a tangle of irrigation hoses , a precision that helped Yuma grow into the nation 's winter vegetable capital .
Sellers said rain is an unwanted intruder during the growing season because it can't be managed .
One reason farmers can take so much water is that they staked their claim first , which is what matters in Western water law .
Most of the irrigation districts in Yuma hold rights to the Colorado River that predate Hoover Dam , which means if the river starts to run dry , the farmers get their share before anyone else .
They can lease water to other users but keep the long - term rights .
Together , the largest water districts in the Yuma area can divert more than 750,000 acre - feet of water from the Colorado each year .
Metropolitan Las Vegas , with a population of more than 2 million , can draw just 300,000 acre - feet a year .
An acre - foot is 325,851 gallons , enough to supply two typical households for a year .
Critics complain that farmers grow too many water - needy crops , such as cotton and alfalfa , and pay too little for the water they use .
Environmental groups say the water amounts to a federal giveaway because it flows through government - built reservoirs and canals .
But the farmers say they manage their resources carefully , more so , they argue , than the cities that covet agriculture 's water .
The payoff is on display in the produce aisles of supermarkets in those same cities .
" The real end user of that water is n't the farmer , it 's the guy who buys the lettuce or the cauliflower , " said Davis , the water district manager .
Farms fill tables with locally grown food , which reduces the demand for imported fruits and vegetables .
" If this basic industry is reduced because cities want their golf courses and their lawns , how long before we can't feed our own country ? "
Davis said .
The cities ' water
Urban areas have long viewed agricultural water as a backup supply during a drought or other shortage , such as the failure of a pipeline or a canal , but rural farmers fear some cities want the water as a permanent supply for future growth .
It 's happened before .
Phoenix exists because farmers settled along the Salt River and built a series of dams and reservoirs to manage the water supply .
Citrus groves and cotton fields once blanketed the valley , just as melons and lettuce do in Yuma .
As Phoenix grew , the land available for farms shrank and water use shifted .
As recently as 1965 , 80 percent of the water delivered by Salt River Project was used by agriculture .
Today , that number is just 15 percent .
Converting retired agricultural water supplies to urban uses helped Phoenix grow without the water issues facing Las Vegas , where there were never many irrigated fields .
The canals that move water - particularly the Central Arizona Project canal , which taps the Colorado River - could help fuel more population growth if farmers were to give up some of their water .
But if farmers go out of business , the crops they sold in Arizona would be imported from another state or country .
As their water is claimed by new development , cities would lose the backup water source , which would become more important if droughts worsen as climate scientists predict .
In 2007 and 2008 , a group of water managers , farm - industry representatives and university researchers traveled Arizona asking farmers about the future of agriculture .
The farmers were clearly worried .
" They were concerned about having enough water for the future , " said Chris Udall , executive director of the Agribusiness Council of Arizona , a group that works to protect farmers ' water rights .
" There are a lot of farmers who want to stay in business . "
One of the messages from those sessions was clear : Cities should n't assume they can just shift water from farms to cities .
Growers with senior water rights can refuse to give up their supply , even temporarily , and groundwater rights are usually considered a property right , which carries its own protections .
Some experts say cities should consider paying farmers to modernize irrigation systems , in hopes of using the water that would be saved .
Nevada , Arizona and California have already agreed to spend $ 172 million to build a reservoir west of Yuma to capture water that had been lost to inefficient procedures .
Pat O'Toole , president of the Farm Family Alliance , a national trade group , warned lawmakers about the risks of focusing on the agricultural allotment of water as a future source for growth .
Testifying before a U.S. Senate committee in 2007 , O'Toole said relying on farmers ' water " is not planning .
It 's a choice to put our heads in the sand . "
But is it sustainable ?
The bigger question is what Arizonans want to do with their water .
Most planners start with the idea that water should n't limit growth .
But farmers and others will argue that growing food and fiber is a more sustainable use of water .
Locally grown produce reduces the need to import fruit and vegetables , which shrinks fuel consumption and adds certainty to the food supply .
" We can start out asking , ' What food do we need to nourish Arizona 's population ? ' and ' What do we do to meet Arizona 's food security ? ' " said Gary Nabhan , a research social scientist at the University of Arizona 's Southwest Center .
" I think the most water - and energy - efficient way to do that is dedicating our farmland to low - water food crops . "
Those would be vegetables and some grains that can grow on drip irrigation systems and require less water than alfalfa , cotton or some kinds of corn .
Nabhan , the author of several books about the connection between food and the environment , said Arizona has grown under the false impression that retiring farmland in favor of cities will conserve water .
" The farmers have already reduced water use for reasons of economics and water restrictions , " he said .
" We 've already seen greater efficiency without a very straightforward program .
And yet we 've put tons of money into urban water programs and we have n't made that great a gain . "
Most water experts say it 's likely that cities and states will look for ways of moving at least some water from farms to urban uses .
" The last bucket is transfers , " said Robert Glennon , a University of Arizona law professor and the author of the recent book " Unquenchable : America 's Water Crisis and What To Do About It . "
" Right now , it 's the farmers ' water and they 're doing fine , " Glennon said .
" Farmers are very nimble and adept at changing crops .
If there 's no reason to be nimble , it 'll be business as usual . "
Strong water laws will give growers a negotiating position as outsize as their water supply .
Any shifts will almost certainly hinge on lucrative short - term leases as long as the farms can stay in business .
As a result , cities will struggle if they only search for new sources of water instead of examining more closely how they use existing supplies .
" Having so much land in agriculture does give us flexibility , " said Herb Guenther , director of the Arizona Department of Water Resources .
" Our downfall is that we 've done a pretty good job for a lot of years .
We have n't had any major crises .
We do have the water .
We just need to make sure we manage it right . "
Lockerbie bomber had ' three months to live '... now he 's well enough to go home
The row over the release of the Lockerbie bomber was reignited last night after it emerged he has been released from hospital .
Abdelbaset Al Megrahi was freed from a Scottish jail on compassionate grounds in August after a medical assessment concluded he had only three months to live because of his prostate cancer .
But the 57 - year - old former Libyan intelligence agent and his family now say that , while weak and terminally ill , he is not close to death , and continues to work on clearing his name .
Sick bed : Abdelbaset Al Megrahi gets treatment by international specialists
As the three - month landmark approaches next Tuesday , they say they ' live in hope of a miracle from God ' .
Furious relatives of the 270 victims of Britain 's worst terrorist atrocity said the move ' mocked ' the decision to free him .
Megrahi's release from prison was surrounded by allegations that it was part of a deal struck between Britain and Libya .
Susan Cohen , who lost her 20 - year - old daughter Theodora in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over the Scottish town , said : ' It confirms my view that this was done for political reasons , because of oil deals .
It had nothing to do with compassion .
Victims : Susan Cohen and her husband Daniel hold a picture of their daughter Theodora who was killed in the 1988 bombing of the Pan Am flight 103
' The fact Megrahi is still alive despite the three - month diagnosis just shows what an absolute travesty of justice his release was .
' There is no reason he should not be in a Scottish jail .
His continued survival shows that the caring , " compassionate " approach [ Scottish Justice Secretary ] Kenny MacAskill took was frankly absurd .'
Megrahi , the only man convicted of the bombing , was worshipped as a hero on his return to Libya and is having his treatment by a team of international specialists funded by the Libyan authorities .
Hero 's welcome : Megrahi is hugged by Seif al - Islam , the son of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi , as he walks down the stairs upon his arrival in Libya
A government official in Tripoli said : ' Although brother Megrahi is still in a very bad way , there is always hope ... he is not giving up .
' Brother Megrahi believes he needs many more years , mainly to prove his innocence of the Lockerbie bombing .'
Megrahi's lawyer , Tony Kelly , said the bomber was adding new material to a book he began in prison detailing his ' ordeal ' and which , he says , could clear his name .
But prosecutors are set to block its publication by seeking a court order to stop the book being sold anywhere in the world .
They would also be able to claw back any profits Megrahi makes if it does become available .
Officials at East Renfrewshire Council , which is monitoring what happens to Megrahi as part of his licence conditions , declined to comment on his current medical state .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - AOL plans to cut one - third of its workforce , or about 2,500 jobs , in an effort to trim some $ 300 million in annual costs as part of the Internet company ’s planned spin - off from Time Warner Inc .
News of AOL cutting 2,500 jobs is seen on an electronic news ticker in New York , November 19 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
The struggling Web pioneer , which is now focused primarily on advertising - supported content , said on Thursday that it would start with a volunteer buyout program and move on to involuntary layoffs if enough workers do not step up .
AOL said the layoffs would result in restructuring charges of up to $ 200 million , which it announced last week .
It said that substantially all the charges would be incurred from the date of the spin - off through the first half of 2010 .
Earlier this week , Time Warner said the spin off will take place on December 9 , nine tumultuous years after one of the most disastrous corporate mergers in history .
When AOL ’s plan to merge with Time Warner was announced in January 2000 , the Internet company was valued at $ 163 billion .
The combination was meant to herald the future of content distribution via the Internet , but the promised benefits were never achieved .
The December spin -off is expected to effectively value AOL ’s market capitalization at around $ 3 billion .
AOL said that Chief Executive Tim Armstrong told employees of the layoff plan via video and email , and said that he was going to forgo his own bonus for 2009 .
Armstrong , formerly at Google Inc , was appointed in March to prepare AOL for becoming an independent entity .
The company , which has been examining its cost structure for the last four months , said the voluntary layoff program will begin on December 4 and run through to December 11 , and gives people more choice than if they waited for final cost recommendations .
The layoffs start in the United States , where AOL employs about 4,500 people , and will extend to the company ’s global operations , the company said .
Time Warner shares were down $ 1.12 , or 3.4 percent , to $ 31.70 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The overall Dow Jones Industrial Average is down 1.3 percent on the day .
Video game - to - movie enthusiast Uwe Boll had already acquired the film rights to Far Cry the video game from Crytek before the game was even released ( and subsequently became a smash hit , spawning several sequels ) , which explains how such an unsuccessful director had been given permission by Crytek to handle such a anticipated project .
The film was budgeted at £ 30 million but took in less than $ 1 million at the box - office .
See more
In the end scene when Jack Carver is walking away from the couple the sound guy and his microphone are visible on the boat .
See more
Alternate Versions
German theatrical version was precut by the distributor before submission to the FSK .
The submitted version with reduced violence was rated " Not under 16 " .
This was done because they anticipated the film would be rated " Not under 18 " .
However , when the film was submitted to the FSK in its uncut form for home video , the film was rated " Not under 16 " , too , meaning the precut version was completely unnecessary ( because the guidelines for home video are more severe than for theatrical releases ) .
See more
Witness
By Dave Lee
BBC World Service
Fred Cohen created the first ever computer virus
If you 've ever had to spend a lot of money on antivirus software , you'd be forgiven for wanting to take Dr Fred Cohen aside for , to put it politely , a few choice words .
But although Dr Cohen is responsible for creating the first ever computer virus some 26 years ago , his pioneering research has in fact led the way in protecting computers from the threats that surfaced in the years to come .
He told BBC World Service 's Witness programme about the day he made the discovery while studying at the University of Southern California .
After a neighbouring university created a Trojan horse - which allowed hackers to gain access to a machine - Dr Cohen realised that the Trojan could be programmed to duplicate itself .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
This is the proverbial lightbulb going off .
" I was sitting there in the class and all of a sudden it dawned on me that if that Trojan horse copied itself into other programs , then all those programs would be infected , and then everybody that ran any of those programs would get infected and so forth .
" It was at that point immediately obvious that it was game over . "
He discussed the idea with Dr Len Adleman , another computer security expert at the university .
" Fred approached me and said he had this new type of computer security threat , and he began to describe what we now call viruses , " recalled Dr Adleman .
" He wanted to run some actual experiments , in particular on the computer that I used .
" There was no point in running an experiment , since it was so obvious that it was going to work . "
However , Dr Cohen insisted they make sure - and the first computer virus was born .
" In that moment , I pretty much understood the bad news .
" I spent the next five or six years of my life trying to find ways to protect against it and understanding the limits of what could ever be done . "
Ethical dilemma Armed with their new discovery , the pair faced a problem .
It had the potential to have a massive negative impact on the computing world .
As academics , did they have an obligation to share their findings or should the vulnerability be kept secret ?
They decided to publish the paper .
" If we told people about computer viruses , they could potentially protect themselves , " said Dr Adleman .
" It was also at least my impression that computer viruses were inevitable , and were going to arrive whether Fred published or not .
WITNESS
Witness is a new daily programme from the BBC World Service bringing you back to the events that changed our world , told by the people who were there
It is broadcast every day at 0050GMT and 0850GMT
It is also available as a podcast " In the end we decided to publish , but to not make the code that Fred put in his paper so explicit that an amateur could take it and produce computer viruses . "
Dr Cohen agreed .
" This was going to happen one way or another .
The real question was is it going to happen after somebody 's done the research , and figured out what to do about it , or is it going to happen before the research is done - and then we 're really in trouble . "
Dr Cohen believes that genuine research into possible threats has not happened for quite some time .
" As far as I can tell , somewhere around the late eighties or early nineties was the end of the real research related to computer viruses .
" There are businesses that want to make sure they keep making money by having cures that fix the last one , but not the next one . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Eight major banks which were at the front of the line for government bailouts have already set aside $ 117.6 billion this year to pay employees , almost as much as they paid in all of 2008 , a Reuters analysis has found .
The exterior of the world headquarters for Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated is seen in New York , May 19 , 2008 .
Eight major banks , including Morgan Stanley , which were at the front of the line for government bailouts have already set aside $ 117.6 billion this year to pay employees , almost as much as they paid in all of 2008 , a Reuters analysis has found .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
If the banks continued that pace , they would far surpass what they paid in 2008 though fall short of the watershed paydays of 2007 , when the financial sector was still booming , the analysis found .
The pay offered by top banks reflects the dramatic rebound at some of them , but also shows that industry conditions have not quite been restored to 2007 levels -- before the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the fire sale of Bear Stearns , industry analysts said .
Critics say it is also a sign that banks have learned few lessons from last year ’s financial crisis , which has been widely blamed on Wall Street ’s pursuit of short - term profits that pumped up pay .
“ Banks do n’t appear to have learned much , at least on the compensation side , from what we ’ve been through , ” said Cornelius Hurley , director of the Morin Center for Banking and Financial Law at Boston University .
“ Do n’t tell me you are bringing me back to the good old days of yesterday .
Getting back to pre-Bear Stearns or Lehman is not fixing it .
It is setting us up for another fall . ”
The analysis shows that the banks have reversed losses from a year ago , reporting about $ 30 billion in net income so far this year .
The same banks reported $ 60 billion in 2007 profit .
So far in 2009 , the banks have set aside nearly four times their collective profits for employee pay and benefits , up from 2007 , when compensation was more than double profits .
“ The key is why does this model exist in finance and not in any other industries ? ” asked Charles Elson , director of the Weinberg Center for Corporate Governance at the University of Delaware , who noted that investment banks routinely devote about half of their net revenues to compensation .
The eight major banks that took a total of $ 165 billion in bailout funds were Goldman Sachs Group Inc GS.N , JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM.N , Morgan Stanley MS.N , Citigroup Inc C.N , Bank of America Corp BAC.N , Bank of New York Mellon Corp BK.N , State Street Corp STT.N and Wells Fargo & Co WFC.N. A ninth , Merrill Lynch , was taken over by Bank of America .
The bailout funds were doled out at the height of the financial crisis and some banks argued that they did not really need the money , but were strong - armed into taking it by then - Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson .
Goldman , JPMorgan , Morgan Stanley , Bank of New York Mellon and State Street have repaid the billions they received .
POLITICAL CROSS -HAIRS
“ The firms have been able to do what we all thought six or nine months ago was impossible -- report respectable earnings , pay their people well , build up their capital base , and take write - offs , all at the same time , ” said Alan Johnson , a Wall Street compensation consultant .
The recovery has not been universal , however .
Citigroup and Bank of America ended up having to take billions of dollars in additional bailout money and both posted losses in the most recent quarter .
The banking industry has undergone a dramatic transformation over the past two years , with the combinations of Bank of America with Merrill Lynch ; JPMorgan Chase with Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual ; and Wells Fargo with Wachovia .
Investment bank Lehman Brothers collapsed in September 2008 , signaling the worst of the recent crisis .
That banks are building outsized bonus pools so soon after they took government help has been met with anger .
The Obama administration ’s pay czar last month announced he would slash the pay for the most highest compensated employees of Citigroup and Bank of America , both of which received extraordinary government assistance .
The U.S. Federal Reserve on Monday hosted meetings with bank executives across the country regarding its own proposed pay rules , encouraging banks to move quickly to adopt them .
“ They are absolutely in the political cross - hairs right now , ” said Michael Holland , chairman Holland & Co in New York .
“ Anything they do with compensation is something the demagogues are going to have a political sport with . ”
The pace at which banks are stashing away money to pay employees might help explain why regulators seem to be hastening their efforts .
“ These numbers explain why the Fed is in hurry - up mode , ” said Hurley , of Boston University .
“ They want to have them reconsidered . ”
So number to number how does Ducati Multistrada 1200 measure up on the spec sheet to the outgoing 1100S , the BMW R1200GS and the KTM 990 Adventure .
We ’ve pulled together a quick spreadsheet to help you compare .
Obviously a spec sheet only tells part of the story , especially one based on manufacturer claimed measurements .
What ’s missed here is a complete list of the technologies that Ducati has thrown into the new Multistrada 1200 which turn it into a “ show case ” bike and change the interpretation of the street adventure playing field .
For that we ’ll send you over to the bike ’s press release , with some added commentary .
Ducati Multistrada 1200
$ 14,995US Ducati Multistrada 1200S
$ 18,995 US 2009 Multistrada 1100S
$ 14,495US 2010 BMW R1200GS
$ 14,750.00 US MSRP 2009 KTM 990 Adventure
$ 14,398.00 US Engine Type L - Twin cylinder , 4 valve per cylinder , Desmodromic ,
liquid cooled L - Twin cylinder , 4 valve per cylinder , Desmodromic ,
liquid cooled L - Twin cylinder , 2 valve per cylinder Desmodromic , air
cooled Air-cooled / oil - cooled Boxer twin-cylinder 75° liquid - cooled v-twin Displacement 1198.4cc 1198.4cc 1078 cc 1170 cc 999 cc Bore x Stroke 106×67.9 mm 106×67.9mm 98 x 71.5 mm 101.0 mm x 73.0 mm 101 x 62.4 mm Compression Ratio 11,5:1 11,5:1 10.5:1 -4307:59 11.5:1 Power 150 CV – 150 hp – 110,3kw @ 9250rpm 150CV - 150 hp – 110,3kw @ 9250rpm 70 kw – 95 hp @ 7750 rpm 81 kW ( 110 hp ) at 7,750 rpm 78 kW @ 8250 rpm Torque 12,1kgm – 87,5 lb - ft – 118,7 Nm @ 7500rpm 12.1kgm – 87,5 lb - ft – 118,7 Nm @ 7500rpm 102.9 Nm – 10.5 kgm @ 4750 rpm 89 lb - ft – 120 Nm at 6,000 rpm 100 Nm @ 6750 rpm Fuel injection Mitsubishi electronic fuel injection system , Mikuni
elliptical throttle bodies Mitsubishi electronic fuel injection system , Mikuni
elliptical throttle bodies Marelli electronic fuel injection , 45 mm throttle
body Electronic intake pipe injection / BMS-K+ digital
engine management with overrun fuel cut - off , twin spark ignition Keihin electronic fuel injection Exhaust Stainless steel muffler with catalytic converter and 2
lambda probes , alluminium tail pipes Stainless steel muffler with catalytic converter and 2
lambda probes , alluminium tail pipes Marelli electronic fuel injection , 45 mm throttle
body
Twin stainless steel exhausts with regulated catalytic
converter Transmission Gearbox 6 speed 6 speed 6 speed Constant mesh 6 - speed gearbox 6 gears , dog clutch engagement Ratio 1=37/15 2=30/17 3=27/20 4=24/22 5=23/24 6=22/25 1=37/15 2=30/17 3=27/20 4=24/22 5=23/24 6=22/25 1st 37/15 , 2nd 30/17 , 3rd 27/20 , 4th 24/22 , 5th 23/24 ,
6th 24/28 2.82:1 to 2.91:1 ( lowered from previous models )
Primary drive Straight cut gears , ratio 1.84:1 Straight cut gears , ratio 1.84:1 Straight cut gears ; Ratio 1.84:1 helical gear teeth Final drive Chain 5.30 ″ ; Front sprocket 15 ; Rear sprocket 40 Chain 5.30 ″ ; Front sprocket 15 ; Rear sprocket 40 Chain ; Front sprocket 15 ; Rear sprocket 42 Shaft drive Clutch Light action , wet , multiplate clutch with hydraulic
control .
Self - servo action on drive , slipper action on over - run .
Light action , wet , multiplate clutch with hydraulic
control .
Self - servo action on drive , slipper action on over - run .
Wet multiplate with hydraulic control Single dry plate clutch , hydraulically operated Wet multi-disc clutch , operated hydraulically Chassis Frame Tubular steel Trellis frame Tubular steel Trellis frame Tubular steel Trellis frame Two - section frame consisting of front and rear
sections , load - bearing engine - gearbox unit Chromium - Molybdenum trellis frame , powder - coated Wheelbase 1530 mm 1530 mm 1462 mm / 57.6 in 1,507 mm 1570 ± 10 mm Rake 25° 25° 24° Steering lock 76° 76° Front suspension Marzocchi 50 mm fully adjustable USD forks Ohlins 48 mm fully adjustable USD forks , electronic
compression and rebound adjustment Ohlins 43 mm fully adjustable upside - down fork with
TiN BMW Motorrad
Telelever ; stanchion diameter 41 mm ,
central spring strut , spring preload with 5 - position mechanical adjustment WP USD Ø 48 mm ( 1.89 ″ )
Front wheel travel 170 mm ( 6.7in ) 170 mm ( 6.7in ) 165 mm / 6.5 in 190 mm 210mm/8.27 in Front wheel 10 - spoke in light alloy 3.50 x 17 10 - spoke in light alloy 3.50 x 17 6 - spoke in light alloy 3.50 x 17 2.50 x 19 ″ Cast aluminum wheels 2.15 x 21 Wire Spoked Front tyre 120/70 ZR 17 120/70 ZR 17 120/70 ZR
17 110/80 R 19 90/90 - 21 ″ Rear suspension Progressive linkage with fully adjustable Sachs
monoshock .
Aluminium single - sided swingarm Progressive linkage with fully adjustable Ohlins
electronic monoshock .
Aluminium single - sided swingarm Progressive linkage with fully adjustable Ohlins
monoshock ; hydraulic remote pre-load control .
Aluminium single - sided
swingarm
Cast aluminium single - sided swing arm with BMW
Motorrad Paralever ; WAD strut ( travel - related damping ) , spring pre-load
hydraulically adjustable ( continuously variable ) at handwheel , rebound
damping adjustable WP mono shock PDS with hydr .
spring preload Rear wheel travel 170 mm ( 6.7in ) 170 mm ( 6.7in ) 141 mm / 5.6 in 200 mm 210mm/8.27 in Rear wheel 10 - spoke light alloy 6,00 x 17 10 - spoke light alloy 6,00 x 17 5 - spoke light alloy 5.50 x 17 4.00 x 17 ″ Cast aluminum wheels 4.25 x 18 ″ Wire Spoked Rear tyre 190/55 ZR 17 190/55 ZR 17 180/55 ZR 17 150/70 R 17 150/70 R 18
Front brake 2 x 320 mm semi- floating discs , radially mounted Brembo
callipers , 4 - piston , 2 - pad.
ABS optional 2 x 320 mm semi- floating discs , radially mounted Brembo
callipers , 4 - piston , 2 - pad.
ABS as standard equipment 2 x 320 mm semi-floating discs , 4 - piston , 2 - pad
caliper Dual disc brake , floating brake discs , diameter 305
mm , 4 - piston fixed calipers 2 x Brembo two piston , floating caliper , floating
brake disc Ø 300 mm Rear
brake 245 mm disc , 2 - piston calliper 245 mm disc , 2 - piston calliper 245 mm disc , 2 - piston caliper Single disc brake , diameter 265 mm , double - piston
floating caliper Brembo two piston , floating caliper , floating brake
disc Ø 240 mm ( 9.45 ″ ) Fuel tank capacity 20l – 5.3 gallon ( US ) 20l – 5.3 gallon ( US ) 20 L ( of which 6.5 l reserve ) / 5.3 US gal ( of which
1.7 US gal reserve ) 20 l 19.5 Liters / 4 litres reserve ( 5.15 / 1.06 gal )
Dry weight ( excludes lubricants and battery ) 189kg ( 417lb ) – No ABS 192kg ( 423 lb – Sport Edition 196 kg / 432 lbs 203 kg 209 kg ( 460.75 lbs )
Wet weight 217kg ( 478 lb ) – No ABS 220kg ( 485 lb ) – Sport Edition 229 kg Seat height 850 mm 850 mm 850 mm / 33.5 in 850 / 870 mm ( low seat 820 mm , lowered suspension 790
mm ) 860 mm ( 33.86 ″ )
Max height 1400 mm 1400 mm Max length 2150 mm 2150 mm 2130 mm 2,210 mm Versions Dual seat , ABS optional Dual seat , ABS as standard equipment available in two packages : - SPORT ( Cam belt covers , air intake and hugger in
carbon fibre ) - TOURING ( side panniers , heated grips and center
stand )
The report suggests the supply of cocaine could be state controlled Cocaine could be sold in pharmacies and cannabis in coffee shops under suggestions for decriminalising drugs set out by think tank Transform .
The body , which campaigns for the legalisation of drugs , says its ideas would reduce crime and improve health .
Its " blueprint " for how to regulate currently prohibited drugs is set out in a new book .
But the Home Office said it had " no intention of either decriminalising or legalising currently controlled drugs " .
We can control products , prices , vendors , outlets , availability and using environments through a range of regulatory models
Steve Rolles , Transform
She added : " Drugs are controlled for good reason  they are harmful to health .
Their control protects individuals and the public from the harms caused by their misuse . "
The book was launched at receptions in the House of Commons and in Glasgow .
Transform 's Head of Research and book author Steve Rolles said : " Drugs are here to stay , so we have a choice - either criminals control them , or governments do . "
He added : " By the cautious implementation of a legally regulated regime , we can control products , prices , vendors , outlets , availability and using environments through a range of regulatory models , depending on the nature of the drug , and evidence of what works . "
' Licensed pharmacy models '
Describing the prohibition of drugs as a " counter - productive failure " , the book says a " major barrier to reform " has been uncertainty over how legalisation could function .
The report suggests models of regulation for different types of drugs .
It proposes that the sale and consumption of cannabis and opium , for example , could take place at membership - based " coffee shop style " licensed premises .
For cocaine powder , ecstasy and amphetamines it recommends " licensed pharmacy models " together with licensed or named purchasers .
The group of " psychedelics " , including hallucinogens such as LSD , could be subject to supervised use in " drug clubs " or groups in licensed venues , the book suggests .
The book says prescription and supervised use would be needed for the riskiest drugs and preparations , including injectable drugs , which are most associated with problematic or chronic dependent use .
Craig McClure , a former executive director of the International Aids Society and author of the book 's foreword , said that criminalising drugs had led to a dramatic increase in drug - related harms .
He said : " A range of Latin American governments have already moved , or are moving , towards decriminalisation of drug possession and are shifting to a public health model to prevent and treat misuse of drugs .
" They are no longer able to tolerate the damage done to their societies by the war on drugs . "
But a Home Office spokeswoman said it was difficult to make direct comparisons with the drug use and drug policies of different countries or cultures .
She said : " The government must decide what policy will work for Britain in its present economic , social and cultural climate . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
The FIA has condemned the leaking of documents from Flavio Briatore 's legal case against Formula 1's ruling body .
In documents seen by the Guardian newspaper , Briatore accused former FIA president Max Mosley of being " clearly blinded by an excessive desire for personal revenge . "
Former Renault boss Briatore was banned from Formula 1 for life after he was found guilty of taking part in a race - fixing plot during the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix .
The Italian is suing the FIA and asking for a total annulment of the ban .
According to the Guardian , Briatore is also demanding € 1 million in compensation for damages to his image .
The governing body on Thursday criticised the leaking of documents to the press and denied the accusations made in them .
" The FIA condemns the selective leaking of extracts from Mr Briatore 's pleadings to the Tribunal de Grande Instance in Paris , " said the FIA in a statement .
" The FIA rejects the allegations made in these leaks and confirms that the decision to impose a sanction against Mr Briatore was made by an overwhelming majority of the attending World Motor Sport Council members .
" In respect for the authority of the French Court , it would be entirely inappropriate for the FIA to comment further on this matter in advance of the hearing . "
The case will be heard on 24 November in Paris .
Across Yemen , the underground water sources that sustain 24 million people are running out , and some areas could be depleted in just a few years .
It is a crisis that threatens the very survival of this arid , overpopulated country , and one that could prove deadlier than the better known resurgence of Al Qaeda here .
Image A qat vendor assembled bags of the mild narcotic for a customer in the capital , Sana .
Credit ... Bryan Denton for The New York Times
Water scarcity afflicts much of the Middle East , but Yemen ’s poverty and lawlessness make the problem more serious and harder to address , experts say .
The government now supplies water once every 45 days in some urban areas , and in much of the country there is no public water supply at all .
Meanwhile , the market price of water has quadrupled in the past four years , pushing more and more people to drill illegally into rapidly receding aquifers .
“ It is a collapse with social , economic and environmental aspects , ” said Abdul Rahman al - Eryani , Yemen ’s minister of water and environment .
“ We are reaching a point where we do n’t even know if the interventions we are proposing will save the situation . ”
Making matters far worse is the proliferation of qat trees , which have replaced other crops across much of the country , taking up a vast and growing share of water , according to studies by the World Bank .
The government has struggled to limit drilling by qat farmers , but to no effect .
The state has little authority outside the capital , Sana .
Already , the lack of water is fueling tribal conflicts and insurgencies , Mr. Eryani said .
Those conflicts , including a widening armed rebellion in the north and a violent separatist movement in the south , in turn make it more difficult to address the water crisis in an organized way .
Many parts of the country are too dangerous for government engineers or hydrologists to venture into .
I went to buy my Christmas cards today and as I walked past the magazine rack in the store I noticed that one magazine had “ Exclusive Star Wars the Old Republic ” in big , bold letters on the cover , on top of an image of a Jedi that I had n’t seen before .
Picking up the magazine ( which turned out to be “ Total PC Gaming ” ) found that it had a five - page preview ( not counting the title page ) .
And since it includes the last two classes it ’s definitely new .
So I bought the magazine .
The magazine comes with a DVD containing screenshots and videos of the game ( some 45 minutes worth ) , but it ’s nothing you have n’t already seen .
All the screenshots can be found on the official website as well ( a number of them fairly old in fact ) .
The videos consist of the cinematic trailer from E3 , the gameplay walkthrough from CamesCom and the four developer dispatches .
The article itself is a little more informative , though most of it we all already know by now .
Still , considering that the only information on the two new classes come from a German magazine it ’s nice seeing an English view ( leaving off any possible translation errors ) .
Though I ’m sure they would n’t like me posting scans of the article , let me instead go through the article and pull out some quotes .
It starts by talking about how BioWare wants to bring the fourth pillar of story to MMOs .
Since we ’ve all already heard this a million times before there ’s nothing new here .
From there it moves onto another big selling point : full voice - over .
Again nothing new .
But then it moves onto the Sith Inquisitor and some examples of very early gameplay :
The article details how SWTOR has some standard MMO - style kill / collect side - quests .
But what impresses the writers of the article is the Mass Effect - style dialog wheel ( ugh ) and the moral choices you get to make .
The article talks about how you get a similar choice in a story mission where you ’re supposed to root out Sith traitors , but you can refuse to kill them on moral grounds .
When you do however your quest giver makes it clear that he distrusts you and will keep a close eye on you .
The article then wonders how much of a long - term impact these choices will have , whether characters can cross the light side / dark side boundary ( which we know that they can ) and how choices will affect abilities , stats , PvP and end game , not giving an answer to any of them and just leaving the question hanging .
Next the article talks about abilities and such , noting how it ’s drawing from the Star Wars arsenal .
As a dark side apprentice , our Sith Inquisitor already had access to dark lightning as well as some basic Force abilities and his lightsabre skills .
In the Star Wars tradition , this would already put him far beyond the average Republic foe , so mob encounters within the training instance consist of small groups of weak soldiers that stand a better chance of posing a threat .
The article compares combat for the Inquisitor to Star Wars : The Force Unleashed , mentioning “ short - range DPS lightning attacks , lightning mez effects and , of course , various melee lightsabre technique s ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” .
They even compare the Inquisitor to a melee DPS class ( “ under the hood ” ) .
But the difference is that even at low level you have “ more scope to play with your abilities ” .
James
Ohlen notes that “ combat is a little more like what you see in a single - player Star Wars game than in an MMO ” ” .
It then goes on to talking about the choice in career path that every character gets at a point in the game , giving you two choices .
It compares it to that approaching level ten in Aion .
A Smuggler , for example , is a Han Solo - type class who makes use of stealth and cover to tackle enemies , but at some point you ’ll get the choice of pursuing the stealthy line by becoming a Scoundrel , or take a more direct approach to combat with the dual - wielding , sniping Gunslinger .
Intriguingly , the Gunslinger also comes with the ‘ Smooth Talker ’ trait , which gives you additional dialogue options .
Similarly the article notes that the new classes will get two paths .
For the Jedi Consular “ one ( route ) is more support healing and the other is more of a controlling stun path where he ’s doing damage and taking people out of the battle with telekinetics ” ” .
And for the Inquisitor it is “ a fast Darth Maul path that uses the staff lightsabre and does lots of damage , and the other is a more controlling , lightning , Palpatine - type character ” ” .
Which , to be honest , confuses me as it sounds like the Inquisitor can play pretty much exactly like the Warrior .
I guess , and the article notes something like this ( as I ’ll get to in a bit ) , that the difference is that the Warrior wears heavy armor and the Inquisitor is more of a glass canon .
The article then mentions the typical MMO ( trinity ) roles :
“ It ’s important for players to fulfil different roles , so thatwhen you go into combat you feel that you ’re an important part of that combat , not just a fifth wheel .
We do have the classic roles in there but we did n’t want to define the classes as those roles from the very start .
We wanted to let the player play their Star Wars fantasy , to let them play Luke Skywalker as a Jedi Knight , then once they get to the kind of levels where they ’re grouping in the tank / DPS manner , that ’s when they start thinking about career choices . ”
Finally it goes on to companions , how every class has them and how the ones you ’ve unlocked are kept in “ a holding system ” that BioWare is n’t talking about yet , but which the article speculates ( and I agree ) is probably some kind of Ebon Hawk - type hub .
It notes how companions are there to comment on stories and quests and how they have a role in combat .
Basically if you want a tank then you take the tank companion , etc .
It also mentions a couple of examples , like “ The Sith Warrior has a Twi - lek and she ’s more of a roguish , smuggler - type character ” ( should sound very familiar to anyone who ’s seen the cinematic trailer ) .
And the Sith Inquisitor “ might want to pick the Dashade , which is a big , demonic , seven - foot tall creature that ’s really dangerous and immune to a lot of Force powers while being good at taking damage “ ” .
And it mentions that a Darth Maul - type player might want to take another Darth Maul character to do as much damage as possible because in a group “ your job is DPS “ ” .
Which brings me to a thought .
I ’llg et to the class sidebars in a moment , but those list the article ’s take on the class roles .
But considering the above as well as the class role talks a little more up I suspect that each class actually has two roles with your one depending on your specialization choice .
For the Sith Inquisitor this would be either ranged support ( the Palpatine type ) or melee damage ( the Darth Maul type ) .
This would explain to me why it seems articles ( as well as people in the forums ) have such a hard time grasping the purpose of the classes .
As such one could argue that SW : TOR has sixteen classes ( for mechanics purposes ) instead of eight and I can fully see group requests asking for a specific specialization instead of just a class in general ( like asking for the healer Jedi Consular specifically ) .
Anyway .
The article closes with how it feels that SW : TOR has the best chance of becoming a mega-MMO ( liek WoW ) of all the MMOs they ’ve seen over the years because it seems to have all the right ingredients in place : a very popular IP , backign of a huge publisher , created by the leading RPG developer , and the resources and experience of experienced MMO developer Mythic .
Next to the main article it also has a very brief ( three - question ) interview sidebar with James Ohlen and sidebars describing all eight classes .
The interview asks whether a Smuggler or Trooper can really go head - to - head with a Force - sensitive character .
James
Ohlen assure that this has been something that they kept in mind from the start : Liek a Trooper is n’t just a guy in armour , he ’s a guy in ridiculously huge armour with giant guns who can call on air strikes and has thermal detonators … he ’s basically a walking tank .
So he ’s able to take on a Jedi .
He has to keep them at range though ; Jedi are the ultimate close - combat fighters , so none of the other classes can survive against a Jedi or Sith within lightsabre range .
Interesting how he keeps “ Jedi ” and “ Sith ” in general terms ( instead of saying “ Jedi Knight ” ) .
Though pet classes are my favorite type of class ( and one which SW : TOR does n’t have ; part of why I ’m so upset with the last two classes ) after that is the melee healer type .
And I ’m starting to wonder if you could play a Consular in that manner .
Anyway , James goes on to call up the Obi-Wan versus Jango Fett battle again , nothing that Jango could hold his own because he and Obi-Wan are both about level twenty characters .
But then when Jango runs into Mace Windu that the latter is “ obviously at the fiftieth level because they fight and Mace cuts his head off and it ’s over instantly ” .
Sneaky confirmation of the game having a level 50 ?
Next the article asks whether James sees SW : TOR as a WoW killer .
But James does n’t look at it that way .
He says that they ’re not competing with WoW but instead try to build their own niche .
He hopes that SW : TOR will offer things that appeal to different people ( “ or the same people for different reasons ” ) .
He feels WoW and SWTOR can exist in the same time .
It would be great if it becomes as successful as Warcraft , but we ’re not planning for it , we just need to get close to its success — and that ’s still huge .
It 's been almost a week since I posted this CDr to the WFMU blog , and since then I have been ransacked by e-mails and comments crying " hoax " or " bubble boy , " from everyone from random passers - by to the higher - ups at WFMU .
Rather than address all the theories being espoused by readers from around the globe , I simply want to aver that this is indeed a true story , and is in no way meant to be a self - promotion tactic .
Any alterations to the WFMU blog entry post - publication -- or my own personal blog -- were done in an attempt to quell the uprising of cynics .
Had I known that my actions would only add fuel to the fire , I would have simply let things stand as they were .
Clearly I 've learned a valuable lesson in controversy control .
Usually when I find CD - rs out in the world , they 've been tossed out of car windows or left on the counters of stupid hipster coffeeshops .
The last place I ever expected to find an unlabeled CD - r filled with music would be in the middle of the fucking desert .
But nearly two years ago I was hiking in Joshua Tree and I came across a completely surreal sight : an old - school 5 1/4 " computer floppy disk .
It appeared to have been tossed casually near the side of the trail I was on , housed in a simple plastic baggie .
I reached into the bag and pulled out the floppy disc .
I noticed that the magnetic tape inside the plastic case had been replaced by a recordable compact disc .
The disc had a creepy message scrawled on it which read , .
I do n't believe in ghosts or extraterrestrials or anything , but standing in the middle of nowhere reading that line was enough to send me into a miniature freak out .
What 's more , a folded - up piece of paper was also buried inside the plastic cover .
A treasure map .
Browned edges and everything .
It featured a pirate ship ( ? ) , a series of footsteps through mountains and palm trees (? ) , one red X , and ten blue X's .
One of of the X's appeard to be floating in the middle of a body of water .
Whoa .
I listened to the recording on my drive back to LA that night .
It was indescribably weird .
The dedication to the floppy disk case , chicken scratch message , and treasure map implied that someone with way too much time on his or her hands crafted it .
The insanity of the recording -- with one or two kind of pretty moments -- mirrored the obsessively constructed feel of the package .
I did n't know if I was listening to the work of a mad genius or a deranged psychopath .
The sounds are a combination of heavily processed human voices and schizophrenic space music .
The 11 tracks are very short , with only four " tunes " lasting longer than three minutes .
Most are in the thirty - second to two - minute range in length .
I would n't call it " rock , " but it 's guitar - centric .
I also would n't say that it is very good , but it made for an interesting listen .
When I got home I popped the CD into my computer .
I thought that maybe in this age of iTunes and CDDB maybe my computer would recognize the content of the disk .
All that came up in iTunes was a series of songs names .
In place of artist and title was " ??? " .
The song titles made no sense to me at all .
The final track is a 14 - minute long jam in E called " Matthew 24:14 " .
Google tells me that that bible verse says : " And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in the whole world as a testimony to all nations , and then the end will come "
I have played this CD for record scum collector friends and pop culture junkies in the hopes that someone might recognize something about it , from a riff to a clip from some television show or movie .
The only constant is that no one knows what to make of it .
I 've spent a lot of time needlessly wondering what the fuck this is .
What the fuck was that treasure map for ?
Has anyone else ever found something like this ?
SERIOUSLY , WHAT THE FUCK ?!
The most frustrating part of this whole thing is that the only identifying mark was a tiny , hand - scrawled e-mail address at the bottom of the back cover for the floppy disk : andernestborgnineasdominic@gmail.com .
I could have gotten all CSI on this shit and tried to figure out how to find who registers a Gmail address or taken fingerprints from the package .
I did n't .
In the end I figured contact information would n't have been included if it was n't meant to be found .
I tried to send an e-mail saying that I enjoyed the album -- just to maybe receive some kind of response -- but I never got one .
That 's annoying .
The only rationale I can think of is that a bizarre work of art conceived and executed such as this would n't have the same impact if the creator (s ) wanted to be discovered .
Or maybe someone responsible lost his or her mind ( or maybe the Gmail password ) in the time it took me to find it .
The only thing I can say is : What .
The .
Fuck . ???
Artist : ???
Title : ???
Tracklist :
01 . Breath ( MP3 )
02 . Wound Midnight ( MP3 )
03 . Long Stem Road ( MP3 )
04 . Noah 's Dork ( MP3 )
05 . Used ( MP3 )
06 . Iranbow ( MP3 )
07 . Monied vs. Landed ( MP3 )
08 . The Seventh ( Clubbed ) Seal ( MP3 )
09 . Gloomsday ( MP3 )
10 . Shooting Scars ( MP3 )
11 . Matthew 24:14 ( MP3 )
A newly enhanced video of the arrest of a San Jose State University student further deepens the questions about why police repeatedly struck him with batons and shocked him with a Taser , as the student never speaks defiantly to the officers .
The video , taken with a cell phone by a roommate of Phuong
Ho inside their house , shows
Ho saying over and over , “ I ’m just looking for my glasses … I ’m looking for my glasses ” as he is struck .
Ho ’s glasses had fallen off earlier in the encounter as an officer shoved him .
In the video , Ho repeatedly apologizes as the officers strike him and asks officers not to stand on him .
A transcript of the enhanced version of the September incident , created by an audio and video - forensic analyst hired by the Mercury News , also indicates one of the officers said at one point , “ I wanted to punch that ( expletive ) in the mouth . ”
None of the details of these verbal exchanges between the officers and Ho had been clear in the raw version of the video , which was first reported by the Mercury News in October .
The transcript that analyst Gregg Stutchman created from his enhanced version of the grainy cell phone video seems to some experts to offer stronger support for Ho ’s contention that he was not violently resisting arrest at the time he was surrounded in a hallway of his house by officers who had responded to a disturbance call .
Though an attorney for one of the officers said the tape did not undercut her claim that the force was appropriate , outside experts said the enhancement deepened such doubts .
“ Of course , it shows that all he is worried about are his glasses , ” said Roger Clark , a retired Los Angeles County deputy sheriff with expertise in force training .
“ This is contrary to the assumption that he was violently resisting . ”
All four officers on the scene were placed on administrative leave last month on the day the grainy video , provided to the Mercury News by Ho ’s lawyer , first was posted on the newspaper ’s Web site .
The department has completed an investigation into the incident and turned over its results to the Santa Clara County District Attorney ’s Office , which is deciding whether to file criminal charges against the officers .
Charges that the office brought against Ho in September , for brandishing a weapon at another roommate and resisting arrest , are pending .
Meanwhile on Wednesday , Mayor Chuck Reed called on a City Council committee to step up outside review of the department ’s use of force .
The mayor ’s recommendation comes after continuing controversy over the issue .
The Mercury News reported Nov. 1 that a study of more than 200 criminal prosecutions of resisting arrest last year showed that the police use of force in such instances often developed from minor infractions , including jaywalking and missing bike head lamps .
Most of those cases involve people of color , the newspaper review found .
Police Chief Rob Davis responded by announcing two internal committees to review individual instances as they occur , as well as to review training techniques .
Reed on Wednesday said he believes a review also is needed of past cases .
But his recommendation , which will be taken up by the Public Safety Committee today , also is notable for including officials outside the department — the independent police auditor and city auditor — in the process .
Reed said the Ho video was one of the catalysts , along with community complaints and questions over excessive force , that inspired him to ask for the independent case review .
“ It is a minor - level incident that escalated into the use of force , ” he said of the Ho matter .
“ That is the area where there may be the most potential for problems , according to what I hear . ”
The police responded Sept. 5 to a disturbance call that stemmed from a dispute that Ho was having with a roommate .
At one point , Ho , a math major from Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam , picked up a knife and said to the roommate , “ I could kill you ” for having slopped soap on Ho ’s steak .
As shown on a separate cell phone video , Ho then dropped the knife , and some roommates laughed , but one called the police .
Ho was not armed when Officers Kenneth Siegel and Steven Payne Jr. arrived .
As he tried to follow Siegel into his bedroom , Ho was knocked to the ground in the hallway when he disobeyed the police order not to follow them , their reports show .
Then , another roommate began taking a cell phone video of the incident , as Siegel repeatedly struck Ho with a baton , and Payne shocked him with a Taser gun .
Stutchman ’s transcript shows that in the portion of the confrontation captured on video , Ho is never openly defiant .
“ Ho is not trying to resist the officers or even disobey , ” Clark said .
“ This use of force is not justified whatsoever . ”
But Terry Bowman , a lawyer representing Siegel , said the transcript bolstered the officers ’ contention that he was not following their clear and repeated commands .
“ It ’s not a defense to say ‘ I wanted my glasses , ' ” Bowman said .
“ It ’s not the officers ’ duty or responsibility to assume the most innocent intent .
That ’s how officers get killed . ”
Mark Harrison , another registered California force expert , trainer and a former 15 - year veteran of the San Pablo and Antioch police departments and the Contra Costa County Sheriff ’s Office , said the transcript and video seemed to show that officers were not effectively dealing with a clearly panicked and confused Ho .
“ I thought he was more passively resisting and certainly not violently resisting , ” Harrison said .
Harrison noted that at the end of the video , the police officer put Ho ’s glasses on him .
“ That ’s a novel approach , ” he said .
“ Let ’s put water on the fire , and maybe it will put it out ?
No kidding . ”
Contact Sean Webby at 408 - 920-5003 .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
For years , baby formula manufacturers have been fortifying and reformulating their blends in an effort to poise their products as equal or superior to natural breast milk .
Beginning in 2002 , many producers began supplementing their mixtures with synthetic forms of docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA ) and arachidonic acid ( ARA ) , the long - chain fatty acids naturally present in breast milk .
Evidence is now showing that the synthetic versions are detrimental to the health of children , despite their continued usage in almost every available brand of infant formula .
The idea behind fortifying infant formula with DHA / ARA was substantiated based upon the fact that a mother 's breast milk naturally contains these polyunsaturated omega - 3 and omega - 6 fatty acids .
They are vital components to human eye and brain development , particularly in the formative infant years .
The primary distinction is that the form of DHA / ARA being used in infant formula is structurally incompatible with the form found in human milk .
Martek Biosciences Corporation , the company who produces synthetic DHA / ARA , extracts the oils from laboratory - grown fermented algae and fungus using hexane , a demonstrated neurotoxic chemical .
Identified as a hazardous air pollutant by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , hexane resides in the same category as other serious toxins that are linked to causing cancer and other serious health problems .
Developed primarily as a marketing tool , Martek 's 1996 DHA / ARA investment promotional material states that even if the additive had no demonstrable benefit , it would nevertheless allow manufacturers to market their formulas as being the " closest to human milk " .
Formula manufacturers quickly jumped on the bandwagon despite definitive evidence proving the additive 's safety .
Recently implicated in causing severe reactions in some babies , including breathing problems , gastrointestinal upset , and other illnesses , synthetic DHA / ARA is on the hot seat .
Parents and professionals alike are questioning why the additive is still being used in almost every available brand of infant formula and why the companies using the additive are being allowed to claim that their product is superior to human breast milk , despite the hundreds of mounting FDA adverse event reports indicating its dangers .
Whether the culprit is the DHA / ARA itself , the hexane extraction residue , or both , it is anyone 's guess since no formidable scientific safety studies were conducted prior to the additive 's introduction into the formula market .
Prior to hitting the market , the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) expressed concern to Martek about the safety of the new additive , indicating that the agency desired to convene a formal meeting to address the issue .
Martek denied this request and , shortly thereafter , the FDA reversed its previous stance and approved the additive 's use despite the lack of any independent scientific safety review .
Since that time , Freedom of Information
Act requests have revealed hundreds of FDA adverse event reports that have gone unnoticed by the FDA who has failed to act in conducting an investigation .
Typically , a few well - documented adverse event reports are reason enough to conduct a product investigation ; several hundred would indicate an immediate need for scrutiny .
Many empirical reports indicate that sick babies who were taken off formula containing synthetic DHA / ARA almost immediately recover from any ailments induced since starting the formula .
This indicates a practical connection that deserves further investigation by the agency appointed to perform such analysis , the FDA .
Not only is Martek 's DHA / ARA supplement being used in baby formulas , it is now being added to a whole host of foods and nutritional supplements for adults , lauded as a great vegetarian alternative to animal - based oils of the same variety .
Since the extraction method involves a known chemical neurotoxin , it is best to avoid this additive anyway .
With or without synthetic additives , no baby formula can replace the amazing nourishing properties of a mother 's breast milk .
It is the perfect , natural blend of immune - building , brain - developing goodness that cannot be matched or replicated .
While some natural formulas may seem to come close , breast - feeding continues to be the superior method of nourishing a baby and should be utilized whenever possible .
Sources : Ethan
Huff is a freelance writer and health enthusiast who loves exploring the vast world of natural foods and health , digging deep to get to the truth .
He runs an online health publication of his own at http://wholesomeherald.blogspot.com
Enlarge By Shannon Stapleton , Reuters American Meb Keflezighi celebrates his win at the New York City Marathon on Sunday .
USA TODAY'S DICK PATRICK AT THE NYC MARATHON USA TODAY'S DICK PATRICK AT THE NYC MARATHON FOLLOW THE NEW YORK CITY MARATHON ON TWITTER FOLLOW THE NEW YORK CITY MARATHON ON TWITTER NEW YORK 
The tears started after Meb Keflezighi raised his arms as he crossed the finish line in first place Sunday in the New York City Marathon .
There was so much to absorb .
RESULTS : Men RESULTS : Women • He was the first U.S. male to win the race since Alberto Salazar in 1982 .
• He had just won his first 26.2 mile race and his time — 2 hours , 9 minutes , 15 seconds — was a personal best , on a course considered slow , especially with headwinds for much of the day .
• He took control near the spot in Central Park where Ryan Shay , his friend and ex-training partner , collapsed and later died with heart problems in the U.S. Olympic Trials in 2007 .
During that race , Keflezighi fractured his hip and feared his running career was over .
" It was very emotional when I finished , " said Keflezighi , who made the sign of the cross after the finish and when he passed the point where Shay had collapsed .
" Part of it is just visualizing your dream and your dreams have become reality …
The other part was Ryan Shay .
That 's what I was most crying about was that and how proud he would have been with me . "
RACE NOTES : Keflezighi's finish bodes well for U.S. Keflezighi , 34 , in his fifth NYC Marathon , outlasted a men's field that race director Mary Wittenberg called the best in race history .
There were 10 runners with faster personal bests than Keflezighi , the 2004 Olympic bronze medalist .
" To come out of top of that , you know , it was huge , " said Keflezighi .
Keflezighi , who has two daughters with a third due in late January , took a tip from his wife , Yordanos Asgedom , who does n't run but told him to be patient and not make major moves before Central Park .
Bob Larsen , his coach for 15 years , counseled the same strategy .
Just after entering the park at about 24 miles , Keflezighi surged away from Kenya 's Robert Cheruiyot , a four - time Boston Marathon champ , who wound up second ( 2:09:56 ) .
" I just prayed this would be my day , " Keflezighi said .
It was .
And it was a payday worth $ 200,000 , including a time bonus .
" It just does n't get any better , " said Keflezighi , who also won his fifth U.S. title of the year , the 20th of his career .
Keflezighi was feeling precisely the opposite two years ago during what he calls " the darkest of the dark times . "
The date of the Olympic trials , held in Central Park the day before the NYC Marathon , is seared in his memory — Nov. 3 , 2007 .
He finished eighth in the race .
His training indicated excellent fitness but he had gotten sick a few days before .
He was dehydrated during the race and his calves cramped for the second half .
Changing his running gait , he wound up with a stress fracture in his hip , though the injury was not detected for a couple of months .
For the next day or two , he could n't walk , crawling around his hotel room on all fours .
His legs were so swollen he could n't attend Shay 's funeral .
Keflezighi did n't fully recover until a year ago when he spent most of October and November at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs , undergoing physical therapy on his right leg , from hip to toes .
That 's why Keflezighi received a heart - felt congratulations from fourth - place finisher Ryan Hall , a neighbor of Keflezighi in Mammoth Lakes , Calif . , and a training partner .
" Just seeing him go through those hard times , a lot of people were kind of writing him off , saying he'd older and he's had too many injuries and all this , " said Hall .
" He 's just one of those guys that you want to see do well . "
Keflezighi's journey has been a lot more than thousands of training miles .
His father left Keflezighi's native Eritrea in 1981 because of the war of independence against Ethiopia .
Four years later Meb and the rest of the family joined him in Italy for two years before coming to the United States in 1987 .
All 11 children have earned college degrees ; the family celebrates its coming to America each October on the anniversary of their arrival .
" Meb is the quintessential American immigrant story , " said Wittenberg .
" This could n't have happened to a nicer guy . "
Kefezighi has come a long way since he won a mile race in seventh - grade physical - education class and later earned a scholarship to UCLA .
He received a contract from Nike after writing an executive — none other than Salazar — following college graduation .
He 's experienced highs and lows in New York .
He made his marathon debut in 2002 , finishing ninth .
He was second in '04 and third in '05 .
He was primed for a great race in 2006 but got food poisoning a couple of days before the race and finished 20th .
" It 's just not easy to pick up a win in a major marathon , " said a disappointed Hall .
" Everything 's got to click right on the day … I 've learned so much from Meb . "
Keflezighi hopes his story of persistence reaches others .
" I hope to be an example .
When the going gets tough , there is light at the end of the tunnel if you keep your hopes high . "
Derartu Tulu , 37 , of Ethiopia won the women 's race in 2:28:52 .
Ludmilla Petrova of Russia was second ( 2:29:00 ) .
World recordholder Paula Radcliffe of Great Britain , seeking a fourth NYC title and winner of eight of her previous 10 marathons , was fourth ( 2:29:27 ) .
She was cramping at the end of the race and had been dealing with left hamstring problems in her training .
It was Tulu 's first major marathon win since London in 2001 .
Christelle Daunay of France was third .
Results : Men 1 . Meb Keflezighi , Mammoth Lakes , Calif. , 2 hours , 9 minutes , 15 seconds .
2 . Robert Kipkoech Cheruiyot , Kenya , 2:09:56 .
3 . Jaouad Gharib , Morocco , 2:10:25 .
4 . Ryan Hall , Mammoth Lakes , Calif. , 2:10:36 .
5 . Abderrahime Bouramdane , Morocco , 2:12:14 .
6 . Hendrick Ramaala , South Africa , 2:12:31 .
7 . Jorge Torres , Boulder , Colo. , 2:13:00 .
8 . Nick Arciniaga , Rochester Hills , Mich. , 2:13:46 .
9 . Abdi Abdirahman , Tucson , Ariz. , 2:14:00 . 10 . Jason Lehmkuhle , Minneapolis , 2:14:39 .
11 . Jackson Kotut Kipkoech , Kenya , 2:15:10 .
12 . Peter Gilmore , San Mateo , Calif. , 2:15:22 . 13 . Migidio Bourifa , Italy , 2:16:01 .
14 . Mike Sayenko , Bellevue , Wash. , 2:16:38 . 15 . Mike Reneau , Houlton , Wis. , 2:16:45 . 16 . Jose Telles De Souza , Brazil , 2:17:28 .
17 . Allen Wagner , Huntington Valley , Pa. , 2:17:49 . 18 . Max King , Bend , Ore. , 2:19:11 19 .
Mohammed Awol , Ethiopia , 2:19:31 .
20 .
Christopher Raabe , Washington , 2:19:49 .
21 . Pat Tarpy , Providence , R.I . , 2:20:43 .
22 . Antonio Liuzzo , Italy , 2:22:36 .
23 .
Helder Ornelas , Portugal , 2:22:44 . 24 . Brett Winegar , Shoreline , Wash. , 2:23:11 . 25 .
Bryan Morseman , Addison , N.Y. , 2:23:50 . 26 . Filippo Lo Piccolo , Italy , 2:24:04 . 27 .
Josh Eberly , Gunnison , Colo. , 2:24:10 . 28 .
Nelson Laux , Arvada , Colo. , 2:24:19 . 29 .
Kassahun Kabiso , Ethiopia , 2:24:43 . 30 .
Andrew Cloke , Newark , Del. , 2:24:48 . 31 . Brian Sell , Rochester , Mich. , 2:24:59 .
32 . Dan McGrath , Lynbrook , N.Y. , 2:25:05 .
33 .
Felipe Garcia , Mexico , 2:25:24 .
34 .
Hermann Achmuller , Italy , 2:26:14 .
35 .
Antonio Santi , Italy , 2:26:23 . 36 .
Stuart Burton , Britain , 2:26:24 .
37 . Tito Fiorenzo Tiberti , Italy , 2:26:34 . 38 . Halefom Abebe Tsegaye , Ethiopia , 2:26:35 . 39 .
Francisco Ribera , Spain , 2:26:48 . 40 .
Victor Rodrigues , France , 2:26:56 .
41 .
Oleksander Holovnytskyy , Ukraine , 2:27:39 .
42 . Deresse Deniboba , Ethiopia , 2:27:48 . 43 .
Mirko Canaglia , Italy , 2:27:52 . 44 . Miguel Beltran Mendez , Spain , 2:27:59 .
45 . Benjamin Paredes , Mexico , 2:28:01 .
46 .
Larry Contrella , New York , 2:28:11 . 47 .
Francesco Duca , Italy , 2:28:15 . 48 .
Sergey Kaledin , Russia , 2:28:17 . 49 .
Stephen Littler , Britain , 2:28:42 . 50 .
Michael Cassidy , Staten Island , N.Y. , 2:28:57 .
51 . Giovanni Ruggiero , Italy , 2:29:02 .
52 . Tesfaye Girma , Ethiopia , 2:29:36 .
53 . Francisco Javier Rodriguez Tovar , Spain , 2:29:41 . 54 . Brian Wilder , Britain , 2:29:53 .
55 . C Fred Joslyn , Binghamton , N.Y. , 2:29:54 .
56 .
Didier Brocard , Switzerland , 2:30:14 .
57 . Fasil Bizuneh , Flagstaff , Ariz. , 2:30:28 .
58 .
Andrew Allstadt , Albany , N.Y. , 2:30:33 . 59 .
Veloso Francisco , Belgium , 2:30:46 .
60 .
Alessandro Dilello , Italy , 2:31:06 .
61 . Michael Dixon , Fanwood , N.J. , 2:31:22 .
62 . Brian Arreborg Hansen , Denmark , 2:31:26 .
63 .
Daniel Whitt , New York , 2:31:37 .
64 . Michael Harbus , New York , 2:31:41 .
65 .
Joe Mundt , Mission , Kan. , 2:31:41 .
66 .
Enrico Vivian , Italy , 2:31:57 .
67 .
Steven Kinney , New York , 2:31:58 .
68 . Christoph Hubacher , Switzerland , 2:32:03 .
69 .
Peter Vail , Canada , 2:32:05 .
70 . Rob Hampson , New York , 2:32:10 71 .
Adam Nevens , Santa Monica , Calif. , 2:32:14 .
72 . Pierre Senac , France , 2:32:32 .
73 . Ryan Linden , Rochester Hills , Mich. , 2:32:40 .
74 . Noreddine Khezzane , France , 2:32:41 . 75 . Chris Lundstrom , Minneapolis , 2:32:45 .
76 . Primoz Kobe , Slovenia , 2:33:02 .
77 . Tom Dichiara , New York , 2:33:13 .
78 . Gabriele Abate , Italy , 2:33:20 . 79 .
Ulrich Fluhme , Germany , 2:33:31 . 80 . Miguel Angel Pulido Garcia , Spain , 2:33:33 .
81 . Aaron Hoover , Boulder , Colo. , 2:33:43 .
82 . Ramon Maria Perea Hormigo , Spain , 2:33:46 . 83 . Jeremy Battles , New York , 2:33:54 .
84 . Orest Babyak , Ukraine , 2:34:21 . 85 . Francisco Roman Fernandez , Spain , 2:34:31 .
86 . Karl Byrne , Ireland , 2:34:43 .
87 . Andreas Groth , Denmark , 2:34:46 .
88 . Keith Forlenza , Whitestone , N.Y. , 2:34:49 . 89 . Adam Siepiola , Long Beach , N.Y. , 2:34:52 . 90 . Eric Larripa , France , 2:35:02 .
91 . Jerry Faulkner , Edmond , Okla. , 2:35:09 .
92 . Frank Loeschner , Germany , 2:35:20 .
93 . Justin Nyberg , Santa Fe , 2:35:28 .
94 . Michael Arnstein , New York , 2:35:34 .
95 . Adam Mulia , Brooklyn , N.Y. , 2:35:40 .
96 .
Paolo Bravi , Italy , 2:35:47 .
97 . G. Casanova Alig , Princeton , N.J. , 2:36:05 .
98 . Alemayehu Sitotaw , Norway , 2:36:14 .
99 . Pedro Espinosa , Freehold , N.J. , 2:36:16 .
100 . Christopher Jordan , Britain , 2:36:22 . -- Women 1 . Derartu Tulu , Ethiopia , 2:28:52 .
2 . Ludmila Petrova , Russia , 2:29:00 .
3 . Christelle Daunay , France , 2:29:16 .
4 . Paula Radcliffe , Britain , 2:29:27 .
5 . Salina Kosgei , Kenya , 2:31:53 .
6 . Magdalena Lewy Boulet , Oakland , 2:32:17 .
7 . Buzunesh Deba , Bronx , N.Y. , 2:35:54 .
8 . Serkalem Biset Abrha , Santa Fe , 2:37:20 .
9 . Yuri Kano , Japan , 2:39:05 .
10 . Desiree Ficker , Austin , Texas , 2:39:30 .
11 . Catha Mullen , New York , 2:43:13 .
12 . Christine Ramsey , Baltimore , 2:44:37 .
13 . Heidi Westover , Acworth , N.H. , 2:44:59 .
14 . Sopagna Eap , McKinleyville , Calif. , 2:45:15 . 15 . Hirut Mandefro , Ethiopia , 2:47:03 .
16 .
Therese Hagersjo , Sweden , 2:49:02 .
17 . Joan Samuelson , Freeport , Maine , 2:49:09 .
18 . Lisa Huetthaler , Austria , 2:49:33 .
19 . Michelle Ross Cope , Britain , 2:49:48 . 20 .
Rebecca Yau , New York , 2:51:22 . 21 . Felice Kelly , New York , 2:51:55 .
22 . Jenifer Martin , Clifton , N.J. , 2:52:12 . 23 .
Veronica Clemens , New York , 2:52:15 . 24 . Jill Hodgins , Ireland , 2:52:21 . 25 .
Diane Petruzzelli , Lincroft , N.J. , 2:53:03 . — USA TODAY 's Dick Patrick provided a live Twitter feed of the elite races , which can be seen to left .
The following feed is from runners and spectators at the marathon .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
WASHINGTON , Nov 6 ( Reuters ) - Total U.S. consumer credit dropped by a bigger - than - expected $ 14.80 billion in September , Federal Reserve data showed on Friday , indicating households prefer to reduce debt and are still reluctant to spend .
September consumer credit outstanding fell at a 7.19 percent annual rate to $ 2.46 trillion .
August ’s figures were revised to show a $ 9.86 billion drop , previously reported as a $ 12 billion fall .
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast consumer credit dropping by $ 10.0 billion in September .
Consumer credit has now declined for eight consecutive months , the longest downward streak since the series started in 1943 , according to the Fed .
While the economy resumed growing again in the third quarter , possibly ending the most brutal recession in 70 years , there are concerns that sluggish consumer spending and a weak labor market could hobble the recovery .
The pace of job losses has slowed markedly from early this year , but the unemployment rate jumped a 26 - 1/ 2 - year high of 10.2 percent in October .
Nonrevolving credit , which includes closed - end loans for big - ticket items such as cars , boats , college education and holidays , fell $ 4.87 billion , or at a 3.72 percent annual rate , to $ 1.57 trillion .
Revolving credit , made up of credit and charge cards , dropped $ 9.93 billion , or at a 13.26 percent rate , to $ 889 billion , the data showed .
( Reporting by Lucia Mutikani ; Editing by James Dalgleish )
Herb Sutter is a bestselling author and consultant on software development topics , and a software architect at Microsoft .
He can be contacted at www.gotw.ca.
There was a time when it was a novel idea that function calls should obey proper nesting , meaning that the lifetime of a called function should be a proper subset of the lifetime of the function that called it :
void f( ) { // … g( ) ; // jump to function g here and then … // … return from function g and continue here !
// … }
" Eureka ! " said Edsger Dijkstra .
" Function g's execution occurs entirely within that of function f .
Boy , that sure seems easier to reason about than jumping in and out of random subroutines with unstructured gotos .
I wonder what to call this idea .
There seems to be inherent structure to it .
Hmm , I bet I could build a deterministic and efficient model of ' stack local variables ' around it too … and maybe I should write a letter … " ( I paraphrase . ) [ 1 ]
That novel idea begat the discipline of structured programming .
This was a huge boon to programming in general , because structured code was naturally localized and bounded so that parts could be reasoned about in isolation , and entire programs became more understandable , predictable , and deterministic .
It was also a huge boon to reusability and a direct enabler of reusable software libraries as we know them today , because structured code made it much easier to treat a call tree ( here , f and g and any other functions they might in turn call ) as a distinct unit -- because now the call graph really could be relied upon to be a tree , not the previously usual plate of " goto spaghetti " that was difficult to isolate and disentangle from its original environment .
The structuredness that let any call tree be designed , debugged , and delivered as a unit has worked so well , and made our code so much easier to write and understand , that we still apply it rigorously today :
In every major language , we just expect that " of course " function calls on the same thread should still logically nest by default , and doing anything else is hardly imaginable .
That 's great , but what does it have to do with concurrency ?
A Tale of Three Kinds of Lifetimes
In addition to the function lifetimes we 've just considered , Table 1 shows three more kinds of lifetimes -- of objects , of threads or tasks , and of locks or other exclusive resource access -- and for each one lists some structured examples , unstructured examples , and the costs of the unstructured mode .
For familiarity , let 's start with object lifetimes ( left column ) .
I 'll dwell on it a little , because the fundamental issues are the same as in the next two columns even though those more directly involve concurrency .
In the mainstream OO languages , a structured object lifetime begins with the constructor , and ends with the destructor ( C++ ) or dispose method ( C# and Java ) being called before returning from the scope or function in which the object was created .
The bounded , nested lifetime means that cleanup of a structured object is deterministic , which is great because there 's no reason to hold onto a resource longer than we need it .
The object 's cleanup is also typically much faster , both in itself and in its performance impact on the rest of the system . [ 2 ]
In all of the popular mainstream languages , programmers directly use structured function - local object lifetimes where possible for code clarity and performance :
In some languages , we get to express the structured lifetime using a language feature , such as stack - based or by - value nested member objects in C++ , and using blocks in C# .
blocks in C# .
In other languages , we use a programming idiom or convention , such as the try / finally dispose pattern in Java , and explicit dispose - chaining ( to have our object 's dispose also call dispose on other objects exclusively owned by our object , the equivalent of by - value nested member objects ) in both C# and Java .
Unstructured , non-local object lifetimes happen with global objects or dynamically allocated objects , which include objects your program may explicitly allocate on the heap and objects that a library you use may allocate on demand on your behalf .
Even basic allocation costs more for unstructured , heap - based objects than for structured , stack - based ones .
Objects with unstructured lifetimes also require more bookkeeping -- either by you such as by using smart pointers , or by the system such as with garbage collection and finalization .
Importantly , note that C# and Java GC - time finalization [ 3 ] is not the same as disposing , and you can only do a restricted set of things in a finalizer .
For example , in object A's finalizer it's not generally safe to use any other finalizable object B , because B might already have been finalized and no longer be in a usable state .
Lest we be tempted to sneer at finalizers , however , note also that C++'s shutdown rules for global / static objects , while somewhat more deterministic , are intricate bordering on arcane and require great care to use reliably .
So having an unstructured lifetime really does have wide - ranging consequences to the robustness and determinism of your program , particularly when it 's time to release resources or shut down the whole system .
Speaking of shutdown :
Have you ever noticed that program shutdown is inherently a deeply mysterious time ?
Getting orderly shutdown right requires great care , and the major root cause is unstructured lifetimes : the need to carefully clean up objects whose lifetimes are not deterministically nested and that might depend on each other .
For example , if we have an open SQLConnection object , on the one hand we must be sure to Close ( ) or Dispose ( ) it before the program exits ; but on the other hand , we can't do that while any other part of the program might still need to use it .
The system usually does the heavy lifting for us for a few well - known global facilities like console I/O , but we have to worry about this ourselves for everything else .
This is n't to say that unstructured lifetimes should n't be used ; clearly , they 're frequently necessary .
But unstructured lifetimes should n't be the default , and should be replaced by structured lifetimes wherever possible .
Managing nondeterministic object lifetimes can be hard enough in sequential code , and is more complex still in concurrent code .
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Wednesday , Nov 18 , 2009
Related : Purging The Undesirables : ADL Attempts To Pin A Yellow Star On Grass Roots America
The Anti-Defamation League has published a fresh report directly targeting Alex Jones as an “ extremist ” and “ The King of conspiracy ” , lumping in the information contained on this website with the actions of racists and white supremacists .
There is , as usual , one major problem with the ADL ’s report – it is devoid of any empirical fact and based entirely on the group ’s desire to create the impression that huge swathes of politically disgruntled Americans are violent conspiratorial - minded bigots that they must expose and counter .
“ With conspiracy talk - show host Alex Jones leading the way , one of the most disturbing trends in 2009 has been the resurrection and proliferation of some of the same anti-government conspiracy theories that so riled up domestic extremists in the 1990s . ” the ADL writes .
The organisation defines three major issues as “ conspiracy theories ” that exist only in the mind of paranoid delusional extremists .
They are :
• Imposition of Martial Law .
The federal government is plotting to declare martial law in the near future as a way to strip Americans of their freedoms and institute the New World Order .
The government may utilize or even manufacture a crisis , such as the swine flu epidemic , in order to have an excuse for imposing martial law .
• Gun Confiscation .
The government is plotting to embark upon a massive program of gun confiscation , going door to door to take firearms away from American citizens so that they will be unable to resist the New World Order .
Police , the military and even foreign troops may be used in the gun confiscation efforts .
• FEMA Concentration Camps .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) has constructed hundreds of concentration camps in the United States , designed to hold “ dissidents ” and other American citizens following some imminent crackdown such as a declaration of martial law .
Let ’s take each one of these topics and provide some much needed context that is sorely missing from the ADL ’s slapped together hit piece .
With regards to martial law and the idea that a crisis could be used to impose it , the ADL should consider speaking with Democratic Congressman Brad Sherman of California ’s 27th congressional district and Senator James Inhofe of Oklahoma .
Sherman has been a member of the House of Representatives since 1997 and also serves on the Committee on Financial Services along with Texas Congressman Ron Paul , whom the ADL ludicrously refer to in their report as “ a far right icon ” .
In early October 2008 , Sherman told the House that he personally knew of several Congressional representatives who have said they were threatened with the prospect of all out martial law should they vote in opposition to the $ 700 billion bailout that was eventually passed just over one year ago .
“ The only way they can pass this bill is by creating and sustaining a panic atmosphere .
That atmosphere is not justified . ”
Sherman stated .
“ Many of us were told in private conversations that if we voted against this bill on Monday that the sky would fall , the market would drop two or three thousand points the first day , another couple of thousand the second day , and a few members were even told that there would be martial law in America if we voted no . ”
The Congressman continued .
A few weeks later , Senator James Inhofe named Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson as the source of the threat of martial law .
Inhofe revealed that Paulson made the threat during a conference call on September 19th , around two weeks before the legislation was eventually approved by both the Senate and Congress .
Congressman Brad Sherman and Senator James Inhofe , two extremist conspiracy theorists according to the ADL ’s definition .
For years , Congress has operated under “ martial law ” provisions which force members to vote on legislation without having time to adequately read and review it .
In addition , the U.S. has been in a declared state of national emergency for over 8 years .
During that time it has emerged in several officially released reports , FOIA acquired documents and leaked government memos that preparation and planning is in the works for martial law style scenarios .
Most recently Barack Obama declared a second national state of emergency with regards to the swine flu epidemic .
A national emergency allows normal legal procedures regarding a certain issue to be sidelined , should the federal government deem it necessary .
Yet to even suggest that might be a fact means you could be a mass murderer in the ADL ’s eyes .
Perhaps the most well known threat of martial law came in 2003 from General Tommy Franks , the former commander of the military ’s Central Command .
Franks outlined the scenario by which martial law would be put in place , saying , “ It means the potential of a weapon of mass destruction and a terrorist , massive , casualty - producing event somewhere in the Western world – it may be in the United States of America – that causes our population to question our own Constitution and to begin to militarize our country in order to avoid a repeat of another mass , casualty - producing event .
Which in fact , then begins to unravel the fabric of our Constitution .
Two steps , very , very important . ”
The threat of martial law is real , even if the imposition of martial law is yet to become a reality , yet to the ADL it is “ extremist ” to point out these straight forward facts .
The second paranoid delusional theory according to the ADL is gun confiscation .
The ADL says it is an extremist ’s fantasy that police and military could be used to confiscate guns in the wake of a national emergency .
However , this is exactly what happened in New Orleans in the wake of hurricane Katrina in 2005 , as the following video comprised of news footage , eyewitness statements and police press conferences outlines :
Again , the threat of gun confiscation is real .
Legislation to impose unprecedented controls on gun ownership is real .
It was real when George W. Bush was president and it is still real now Barack H. Obama is president .
Over the last couple of years intense debate has raged over the very meaning of the second amendment as new gun laws have been legislated and passed .
I ’m not an extremist for pointing this out , all I have done is read the newspaper .
The third “ extremist conspiracy theory ” , according to the ADL , is the existence of FEMA camps .
An anti-government delusional or a real and pressing issue ?
Unlike the ADL , we will provide some evidence rather than what “ someone wrote on a forum ” to help you decide .
Recent Legislation introduced into Congress mandates the establishment of “ national emergency centers ” to be located on military installations .
[ efoods ]
The purpose of such facilities is to provide “ temporary housing , medical , and humanitarian assistance to individuals and families dislocated due to an emergency or major disaster , ” the expansion of which under FEMA is codified under HR 645 , otherwise known as the National Emergency Centers Act .
Ominously , the bill states that the camps can be used to “ meet other appropriate needs , as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security , ” an open ended mandate which many fear could mean the forced detention of American citizens in the event of widespread rioting after a national emergency or total economic collapse .
The issue of containment camps re-gained national attention three years ago when it was announced that Kellogg , Brown and Root had been awarded a $ 385 million dollar contract by Homeland Security to construct detention and processing facilities in the event of a national emergency .
The language of the preamble to the agreement veils the program with talk of temporary migrant holding centers , but it is made clear that the camps will also be used “ as the development of a plan to react to a national emergency . ”
Following the story , first given wide attention by Prisonplanet.com , the Alternet website put together an alarming report that collated all the latest information on plans to initiate internment of political subversives and Muslims after the next major terror attack in the US .
The article highlighted the disturbing comments of Sen. Lindsey Graham , who encouraged torture supporting then Attorney General Alberto Gonzales to target , “ Fifth Columnists ” Americans who show disloyalty and sympathize with “ the enemy , ” whoever that enemy may be .
It is important to stress that the historical precedent mirrors exactly what the Halliburton camp deal outlines .
Oliver North ’s Reagan era Rex 84 plan proposed rounding up 400,000 refugees , under FEMA , in the event of “ uncontrolled population movements ” over the Mexican border into the United States .
The real agenda , just as it is with Halliburton ’s gulags , was to use the cover of rounding up immigrants and illegal aliens as a smokescreen for targeting political dissidents .
From 1967 to 1971 the FBI kept a list of persons to be rounded up as subversive , dubbed the “ ADEX ” list .
As recently highlighted by author Naomi Wolf , the National Counterterrorism Center holds the names of close to one million “ terror suspects ” with the number increasing by 20,000 per month .
Discussions of federal concentration camps are no longer the rhetoric of paranoid Internet conspiracy theorists , they are mainstream news .
Furthermore , a much discussed and circulated report , the Pentagon ’s Civilian Inmate Labor Program , has recently been updated and the revision details a “ template for developing agreements ” between the Army and corrections facilities for the use of civilian inmate labor on Army installations . ”
The plan is clearly to swallow up disenfranchised groups like prisoners , immigrants and Muslims at first and then extend the policy to include ‘ Fifth Columnists , ’ otherwise known as anyone who disagrees with the government or exercises their Constitutional rights .
Respected author Peter Dale Scott speculated that the “ detention centers could be used to detain American citizens if the Bush administration were to declare martial law . ”
Daniel Ellsberg , former Special Assistant to Assistant Secretary of Defense , called the plan , “ preparation for a roundup after the next 9/11 for Mid-Easterners , Muslims and possibly dissenters .
They ’ve already done this on a smaller scale , with the ’ special registration ’ detentions of immigrant men from Muslim countries , and with Guantanamo . ”
Furthermore ,
In 2002 , FEMA sought bids from major real estate and engineering firms to construct giant internment facilities in the case of a chemical , biological or nuclear attack or a natural disaster .
Okanogan County Commissioner Dave Schulz went public in 2003 with his contention that his county was set to be a location for one of the camps .
Furthermore , in May 2006 , we exposed the existence of a nationwide FEMA program which is training Pastors and other religious representatives to become secret police enforcers who teach their congregations to “ obey the government ” in preparation for the implementation of martial law , property and firearm seizures , mass vaccination programs and forced relocation .
This program is continuing under the Obama administration with churches declaring that Barack Obama ’s presidency is appointed by God and that Obama himself is “ God ’s minister ” .
Of course , the authors of the ADL report will not thoroughly read this article .
They will not check the links to mainstream news articles and official government documents .
They will simply take it as more evidence to use to smear Alex Jones , his readers and the truth community .
They will continue to lump in patriotic Americans and freedom lovers everywhere with the activities of a minority of racists and psychopaths that they choose to highlight .
More and more people are uniting in protest against the erosion of liberty , embracing a peaceful revolution of information , their causes overlapping , whether it be anti-war protesters , those against the bailout of private offshore corporations or second amendment activists , the list goes on .
However , the ADL will continue to tell you that America is about to explode into a cess pit of violence , rage and hatred .
The ADL will always tell you this because it has to , otherwise it will no longer have a purpose , it will no longer receive funding , and like any organization it will go out of business .
Once again , the anachronous ADL has proven that far from railing against discrimination and division , it is engaged in actively promoting and encouraging it by spreading libelous lies and concocting character assassinations in order to ensure its own survival .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Hackers have figured out how to sidestep Windows 7 's activation process , continuing a long - running battle with Microsoft , which has blocked such tactics in the past .
According to an article published more than a week ago on My Digital Life , hackers have devised a pair of methods that circumvent the new operating system 's product activation , a key component of Microsoft 's antipiracy technologies .
Microsoft said it knew about the hacks and was looking into ways to block them .
" We 're aware of this workaround and are already working to address it , " a company spokeswoman said today .
Two utilities , called " RemoveWAT " and " Chew - WGA , " remove the activation technologies or prevent them from running , said My Digital Life .
Both hacking tools trick Windows 7 into reporting that it has been properly activated , preventing the nagging on - screen displays and other visual cues from appearing that Microsoft has built into its software to mark counterfeit software .
With Windows 7 , Microsoft dropped the " Windows Genuine Advantage " ( WGA ) name for its integrated antipiracy software , and replaced it with " Windows Activation Technologies " ( WAT ) .
The end result on users ' screens , however , remained similar to what Vista displayed .
The most evident change to Windows 7 was the discarding of a delay during log - in on a machine with an inactivated copy of Windows .
Under Vista 's scheme , users had to wait 15 seconds before clicking the " Activate Later " button to proceed to the desktop .
In Windows 7 , users can click that button immediately .
Microsoft made dramatic changes to Vista 's illegitimate software warnings nearly two years ago , then followed those with nearly identical modifications to the older Windows XP .
In both operating systems , the company dumped the reduced functionality mode that essentially made the machine unusable , and instead boosted the number of on - screen messages and planted a black background on the desktop .
Microsoft has blocked anti-activation hacks in the past , using Windows Update to push changes to users .
In early 2008 , for example , the company stymied a pair of activation cracks with just such an update , then rolled the crack detection code into Vista Service Pack 1 ( SP1 ) a month later .
It issued another update in February 2009 to block another crack that affected Vista Ultimate .
The post on My Digital Life acknowledged that Microsoft might take the same tack with the Windows 7 workarounds .
" As [ the ] cracks based on removal of activation component involves patching , changes and modification to many system files , it 's likely to be easily detected and nullified by Microsoft , especially in [ the ] next WGA update or Service Pack 1 ( SP1 ) for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 , " My Digital Life reported .
Artist Bio : Daniel Stolle is a freelance illustrator .
He was born in 1982 in Germany and graduated in 2006 as a Designer .
Stolle is living in Finland , in his free time he likes to work and if there is no work he likes to draw .
He thinks it is not too hard to meet him in person , so why bother with portrait photographs on a website ?
I decided to become an illustrator in early 2007 and had my first - ever published illustration in June of the same year .
It was a spot for The New Yorker .
Please do not ask how things like that happen .
I am a lucky child sometimes .
( from interview with the artist )
www.d-stolle.de
Tags
A Petition from the Producers of Health Insurance , Medical Equipment , Drugs , Diagnostic and Surgical Procedures , Physical Therapy , and , Generally , of Everything Connected with Healthcare .
To the Members of the US Congress and Senate .
Ladies and Gentlemen :
You are on the wrong road .
You embrace defective theories in which government produces abundance and low prices .
You concern yourselves mainly with the fate of the consumer , but without knowledge as to how we in the private sector can attend to his needs .
You wish to free him from lack of private competition , that is , to create a competitive market for healthcare through government intervention .
We come to offer you an admirable opportunity , because our — what shall we call it ? — our theory ?
No , nothing is more offensive to those in power than the idea that theoretical laws might supersede state legislation .
To put it in terms you can understand , we shall say , then , our personal interests — our personal interests , along with those of the consumer , are at stake .
We face the intolerable competition of a rival , placed , it would seem , in a condition so far superior to ours that our future is questionable .
This rival can flood the healthcare market with health services at an incredibly low marginal cost .
The moment he shows himself , our trade leaves us — all consumers are compelled to pay for his services , even those who still buy from us .
Given that consumers must pay this rival even if they reject his services , our industry faces potential stagnation .
This rival , whose influence on the industry is already as broad as sunlight , is waging war mercilessly against us , and we suspect he is being stirred up by perfidious ex-Soviets , particularly because socialists have always sought our destruction .
You are this rival .
What we pray for is that you may decline passing additional laws requiring consumers to pay for healthcare through taxation .
We trust that you will not regard our request as a satire , or refuse it without at least first hearing the reasons that we have to urge in its support .
First , if you impose taxpayer - funded healthcare , this will place consumers in a position where they must choose between paying for our services and opting for your " free " healthcare .
As we have already noted , you have the power to tax .
Citizens pay for your services whether they want them or not .
" We can not compete against you in markets because you exert control over our entry into markets . "
Second , the sad irony is that your so - called free public services are not only costly , they typically cost more than what could be provided privately .
We in the private sector must survive by keeping costs low relative to revenue .
You do not face this burden .
The power to tax enables you to bear high costs , or rather to shift such costs onto citizen taxpayers .
Your bureaucracies are bloated and inflexible .
You waste money on special - interest payoffs .
You have failed to adequately fund existing entitlements , like Social Security and Medicare .
There are also serious issues with the quality of many of your services .
Consumers are forced to pay direct and indirect taxes to fund public schools , even those schools that are dismal failures .
Many consumers struggle to pay both taxes and private tuition .
Can you offer assurance that your proposed " competition " against our industry will not be equally ruinous ?
Why should we expect to survive competition against a rival with the power to tax ?
Why should our customers expect to remain sovereign as consumers in a government - dominated healthcare industry ?
We foresee your objections , but there is not a single one of the things you object to that you have not caused yourself .
Healthcare costs are rising , but you have imposed greater costs : through regulations that increase administrative costs , through licensing laws and other restrictions on private competition , and through frivolous and fraudulent malpractice lawsuits .
You may respond that we do not have much to lose at all , because the consumer will bear the expense .
We have our answer ready :
It is true that you have often sacrificed the interests of the consumer when they are opposed to those of the producer .
Many of us contribute to your campaigns specifically to gain influence over policies that affect us .
Your power can work to our advantage .
But the expense of lobbying for political privileges in our deeply politicized industry is itself a burden .
Despite all there is to gain in winning your favor , we as an industry can easily expend as much in lobbying costs as there is for any of us to gain . [ 1 ]
To put it simply , your proposal to act as a mere rival lacks plausibility .
We cannot compete against you in markets because you exert control over our entry into markets .
Furthermore , you possess market - independent funding sources — the power to tax .
Your past record of sacrificing the consumer 's interests casts doubt upon your stated goal of reducing costs for him .
Many of us have benefited from a partnership with you in the past , but rivalry against you is futile .
Given that you seem to be engaged in deceit , we can not trust you .
You are on the wrong track .
You may believe yourselves to be in a position of limitless power to reshape society , but this is not true .
Economic laws exist , and we , as producers , want to use them for profit .
Your stated goal of assuming greater control over the economy for the purpose of improving consumer welfare is not credible or even logical .
It is impossible to define the economic interests of consumers collectively .
[ 2 ]
You generally do not try to serve consumers in the first place .
We do not trust you , and neither should anyone else .
[ bio ]
See [ AuthorName ] 's [ AuthorArchive ] .
Comment on the blog .
You can subscribe to future articles by [ AuthorName ] via this [ RSSfeed ] .
It ’s not hard to get all of your daily needs from nonmeat sources , nutritionists say , but it takes thought and planning -- plus a few tricks .
No matter how old your vegetarian kids are , the first step is to educate yourself on healthful alternatives to animal products , such as hummus , tofu , quinoa and legumes .
When vegetarian teens live in a meat - eating family , they should also take some of the responsibility for preparing vegetarian meals , says nutritionist and epidemiologist Dianne Neumark - Sztainer , of the University of Minnesota , Twin Cities , so that the entire burden does n’t fall on parents .
Skipping the main course and eating just the starchy side dishes , such as potatoes , bread and rice , is one common mistake that often fails to satisfy nutritional requirements .
Loading every meal with cholesterol - filled eggs or fatty cheeses is another mistake .
The key nutrients to focus on , according to the American Dietetic Assn. , are protein , omega - 3 fatty acids , iron , zinc , iodine , calcium and vitamins D and B - 12 .
Each meal does n’t have to contain all of those nutrients , but they should add up over the course of a day or week .
Protein needs range from 13 grams for toddlers to 34 grams for middle - school students and about 50 grams for teenagers .
However , most Americans get too much protein , including vegetarians .
Dairy products and eggs are complete proteins that , like meat , contain all essential amino acids .
These foods also provide calcium and vitamin D , essential for healthy muscles and bone development , especially during growth spurts and adolescence .
One large egg contains 5 grams of protein , a cup of milk has 8 grams , and a cup of yogurt has 11 grams .
To get complete proteins from plant - based sources , you need to combine foods such as beans , rice , corn , nuts and tofu , but dietitians no longer believe that you need to eat those foods at the same meal .
Eating a variety of foods throughout the day works just as well .
Vitamin B - 12 is one of the nutrients that vegetarians most commonly miss .
Essential for making DNA and maintaining healthy nerve and red blood cells , it is plentiful in seafood and beef and is found in lesser amounts in milk and yogurt .
Vegans can get it from fortified cereals or supplements .
Doctors often recommend B - 12 supplements for breast - feeding mothers who are vegan .
Iron , which is abundant in meat , is present in a harder - to - absorb form in beans , tofu , spinach and raisins .
Absorption is enhanced by consuming a source of vitamin C at the same time as a vegetarian source of iron , says Ruth Frenchman , a registered dietitian in Burbank and spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Assn .
( Pair a cup of orange juice with a peanut butter sandwich , for example . )
Omega - 3 fatty acids are also worth paying attention to .
Growing evidence suggests they boost brain development of fetuses , babies and young children .
Fish - eaters get them easily , but vegetarians need to turn to flaxseed and walnuts as well as eggs and yogurt fortified with them ( DHA , EPA or ALA ) .
Soy does not , despite rumors , appear to have feminizing effects on boys or other hormonal consequences if eaten in moderation -- say , two servings a day in the form of a tofu dog or a cup of edamame .
Soybeans are complete proteins .
Calcium and vitamin D are found in leafy greens and fortified soy milk or juice .
Make sure to look at the labels on dairy - free versions of milk and yogurt and on organic cereals because they ’re not always fortified with added nutrients .
Fat : A baby ’s brain needs enough fat to develop properly .
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends full - fat versions of milk , yogurt and other foods until age 2 .
Calories are key for vegetarian kids .
One of the benefits of vegetarianism for adults is that a plant - filled diet tends to offer lots of bulk without a lot of calories .
Small kids , however , have small stomachs that can get full from a plant - based diet before they ’ve consumed enough calories .
To make sure children meet the requirements for calories and other nutrients , Meredith Renda , a pediatrician at Doctor ’s Pediatrics in Wilton , Conn. , recommends packing a big punch with foods rich in calories and other nutrients , such as whole - grain breads , nut butters , legumes and foods fortified with vitamin B - 12 , iron , folate and zinc .
Vitamins should not be needed if a diet is well - planned .
However , talk to your pediatrician if you have concerns .
Resources :
The above are just a few items to note .
For more tips , recipes and other help planning your vegetarian kid ’s diet , check out the following websites :
The Vegetarian Resource Group , www.vrg.org/family /kidsindex.htm ;
U.S. Department of Agriculture ( with lots of excellent links ) :
Go to www.usda.gov and search for “ Vegetarian Nutrition . ”
Medline Plus , www.nlm.nih .gov/medlineplus/vegetarian diet.html ;
Mayo Clinic , www.mayoclinic.com/health/vegetarian-diet/HQ01596;
Vegetarian Parents Yahoo Group , groups.yahoo.com/group/vrgparents .
Loma Linda University , www.vegetariannutrition.org /food-pyramid.pdf .
health@latimes.com
With Cyber Monday approaching , we here in the news business are being inundated as usual with offers of " expert advice " for us to pass along to readers / online shoppers so that they may better protect themselves against identity theft .
Most of it we -- and you -- have read a hundred times already .
But some of it can still surprise :
For example , Network World columnist Andreas Antonopoulos suggests that we all refrain from signing the backs of our credit cards ( write : " See ID " instead ) lest we offer identity thieves a how - to lesson on forging our signatures .
I 'd never thought of that one .
Sometimes , however , surprise can turn to utter head - shaking shock , as with a beauty found yesterday within a " tips list " offered by Identity Theft 911 , which bills itself as " America 's No. 1 Identity Theft Resolution Service . "
Here 's tip No. 4 from that company 's collection : " Check your bank and credit card statements and accounts every day to make sure each transaction is yours . "
Every day ?
You mean 365 days a year ?
Weekends and holidays ?
That kind of every day ?
Do n't know about anyone else , but this strikes me as blowing right on by excessive and diving headlong into the paranoia pool .
I mean if you are checking all of your bank and credit card accounts every day -- EVERY DAY ! --
I would suggest that the prospect of identity theft ranks somewhere below the likelihood of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder on your list of problems .
But that 's just me .
This is a tech - savvy audience , so let 's see a show of hands :
Is there anyone among you who checks your bank and credit card accounts every day to guard against getting ripped off ?
... Anyone ?
Is anyone doing it anywhere close to every day ?
Seriously , I do n't shave every day .
( OK , since we 're being honest here , I 've been known to skip a shower , too . )
I certainly do n't come within weeks of checking my bank and credit accounts daily .
It 's not that I question whether checking these accounts every day would be an effective means of mitigating if not eliminating entirely the risk of identity theft .
I 'm sure it would be helpful , just as running around the house checking window and door locks before bedtime would confound burglars .
But here 's my question for Identity Theft 911 :
If all of us actually did start checking our bank and credit card accounts EVERY DAY , would there really be any need for America 's No. 1 Identity Theft Resolution Service ?
When we asked the IT pros in the Server Room to name the number one barrier to solid state disk ( SSD ) adoption in the enterprise , " price " was the near unanimous consensus .
SSD storage is still significantly more expensive than rotating magnetic media , but with datacenters becoming ever more constrained by power and cooling considerations , the overall price picture for SSD vs. HDD keeps getting better .
Sure , at the level of an individual drive , the cost / GB difference between SSD and HDD is still huge , but at the level of the overall datacenter , with floor space , power , and cooling factored in , the delta now looks a lot smaller .
The latest large datacenter to make the leap to SSD is MySpace , a division of Fox Interactive that has recently been shrinking a lot more than just its server footprint — user base , revenues , and staff come to mind .
The struggling social networking site has a mandate to boost efficiency , so it turned to FusionIO , makers of PCIe - based SSDs with insanely high sustained read and write bandwidth numbers to match their stratospheric prices ( 80 GB will set you back around $ 3,500 — and it only gets worse from there ) .
Despite the sticker shock , MySpace took the jump , and both companies detailed the results in a white paper .
For starters , the ioDrive 320 GB let the company cut the size of its individual servers in half , moving from 2U HPDL380 to 1U HP DL160 servers and cutting the total amount of deployed hardware by 60 percent and saving 280U of rack space .
Of course , each of those ioDrive 320 GB units retails for close to $ 7,000 , and each server used two , so it cost MySpace quite a bit to cut out all of that hardware .
The company plans to replace the rest of its server fleet with SSD hardware as it reaches end - of - life .
Not every datacenter will be able to replicate MySpace 's costly feat of hardware compression , though .
As a social networking platform , MySpace is essentially a giant database application with a huge number of concurrent connections .
The MySpace engineers claim that the ioDrive - hosted parts of the database ran as fast as if they had been cached in a RAM drive .
As one of the participants in the aforementioned SSD discussion remarked , even at current prices , SSD already makes plenty of sense for datacenters that are performance - constrained instead of capacity - constrained , and MySpace appears to fall into the performance - constrained camp .
The power savings for the SSD - based systems is about 50 percent , and the overall cooling savings are 80 percent , according to the white paper .
These savings are significant for a datacenter that spends 40 percent of its budget on power and cooling , and they 're bound to make other datacenter operators sit up and take notice .
The paper suggests that these savings will more than pay for the ioDrives over the course of their lifetime .
The one problem that SSD migration wo n't help with is the amount of floor space that 's already wasted in power - constrained datacenters .
Many datacenters have huge tracts of unused floor space , because their power systems reach capacity long before they run out of racks .
In reducing the amount of hardware in MySpace 's datacenter by 50 percent , SSD has just made this problem that much worse .
In this respect , the datacenter of the medium - term future may look like a ghost town , with large tracts of empty racks and disconnected cabling punctuated by a few actual systems .
If you start a war , we may die but the rockets will fly automatically .
Thus spake the man who was profiled in William Taubman ’s masterwork Khrushchev : The Man and His Era .
The Russian premier was addressing U.S. diplomat Averell Harriman , who sought to prepare the way for the Russian premier to make his contentious 1959 visit to the United States .
What exactly did Khrushchev mean by “ automatically ” ?
After all , computers were still in their infancy .
Ever hear of the Doomsday Machine ?
The godfather of nuclear strategy , Herman Kahn , provided an example of one in his book On Thermonuclear War :
The device is .
. . connected to a computer which is in turn connected .
. . to hundreds of sensory devices all over the United States .
The computer would then be programmed so that if , say , five nuclear bombs exploded over the United States , the device would be triggered [ by the sensory devices ] and the earth destroyed .
[ It ] would seem to be the “ ideal ” Type I Deterrent .
By adding quotes to “ ideal , ” at least Kahn acknowledged the absurdity of what he suggested .
“ If Khrushchev should order an attack , ” he added , “ both Khrushchev and the Soviet population would be automatically and efficiently annihilated . ”
Furthermore , “ Even though [ the Doomsday Machine ] is the ultimate in Type I Deterrence [ it ] is most improbable that either the Soviet or U.S. governments would ever authorize procuring such a machine .
The project is expensive enough so it would be subject to a searching .
. . scrutiny which would raise questions it could never survive . ”
Turns out Kahn gave the Soviets more benefit of the doubt than they deserved .
In a wild Wired magazine story , Inside the Apocalyptic Soviet Doomsday Machine , Nicholas Thompson details Russia ’s development of such a weapon 25 years ago .
Though past his term in power , Khrushchev might well have been aware of the program if it were in its planning stages then .
Thompson elaborates on how it works :
Even if the US . … blew up the Kremlin , took out the defense ministry , severed the communications network , and killed everyone with stars on their shoulders .
… sensors would detect that a devastating blow had been struck and a counterattack would be launched .
…
Before launching any retaliatory strike , the system had to check off four if / then propositions :
If it was turned on , then it would try to determine that a nuclear weapon had hit Soviet soil .
[ If it determined the generals were dead ] it would immediately transfer launch authority to whoever was manning the system at that moment deep inside a protected bunker .
… maybe a 25 - year - old junior officer fresh out of military academy .
What about the United States ?
Did it then descend to the next circle of hell — the 666th — after the 664th , where those who developed and deployed the atomic bomb reside , and the 665th , home to the wunderkinds behind the thermonuclear bomb ?
Thompson writes : “ The US did build versions of these technologies [ but ] never combined it all into a system of zombie retaliation .
It feared accidents and the one mistake that could end it all . ”
But , as Daniel Ellsburg explains in his new online book , U.S. Nuclear War Planning for a Hundred Holocausts , that he ’s doling out free on his website , chapter by juicy chapter , the United States devised a system equally as devious .
. . . one of the most sensitive secrets [ was ] that to forestall the possibility that our retaliatory response might be paralyzed either by a Soviet attack .
. . or by presidential incapacity , President Eisenhower had .
. . secretly delegated to theater commanders the authority to launch nuclear operations . …
I had further learned that [ the commander of the Pacific command ] had likewise delegated that authority downward in his command . …
That put many fingers on the button .
Meanwhile , what prompted the Soviets to develop Doomsday Machine ?
According to Thompson , President Ronald Reagan ’s faith in Star Wars , also , of course , known as missile defense .
As we ’ve discussed in previous Deproliferators , most nuclear strategists soon understood that missile defense throws the nuclear balance between states out of whack , thus undermining deterrence .
In other words , even though the fine points of nuclear strategy were often lost on the Soviet Union , it was nevertheless immediately clear to Moscow that a successful missile defense system permitted the United States to launch a nuclear first strike .
Theoretically , anyway , the United States would be protected by Reagan ’s celestial shield from a crushing counterattack .
While some hawks grasped this concept , others could n’t — or would n’t .
This passage from a review of a book celebrating Saint Reagan describes its authors : “ The Andersons share Reagan ’s puzzlement that [ at Reyjkavik ]
Gorbachev and his team proved unwilling to accept the president ’s peace - loving protestations at face value and instead treated SDI as a grave escalation of the nuclear arms race . ”
Perhaps they can be forgiven though .
Nuclear strategy gets byzantine pretty fast and at first I too had trouble understanding why missile defense is actually an offensive weapon .
Odds are that nobody has ever explained it as clearly as Thompson ( emphasis added ) :
To Moscow [ missile defense ] confirmed that the US was planning an attack .
It would be impossible for the system to stop thousands of incoming Soviet missiles at once , so missile defense made sense only as a way of mopping up after an initial US strike .
…
Some Soviet weapons would survive for a retaliatory launch , but Reagan ’s shield could block many of those .
Thus , Star Wars would nullify the long - standing doctrine of mutually assured destruction , the principle that neither side would ever start a nuclear war since neither could survive a counterattack .
Once again , we ’re left to contemplate two terrible ironies .
The same fears that impelled one of our most anti-nuclear presidents to cling to his teddy bear — missile defense — spurred him to pull the rug out from under the fabled Reykjavík summit when the total abolition of nuclear weapons was actually on the table .
Worse , it precipitated the development of Russia ’s nightmarish technology , which , to this day , stands ready and willing to carry out its mission .
First posted at the Faster Times .
Ireland ( 6 ) 15
Pens : Sexton 5
South Africa ( 10 ) 10
Try : Burger Con : Steyn Drop - Goal : Steyn Jonathan Sexton 's five penalties proved enough for Ireland as they edged out South Africa at a misty Croke Park .
Sexton 's penalty gave Ireland an early lead but Schalk Burger 's try and five points by Morne Steyn helped the world champions move 10 - 6 ahead at half - time .
Steyn missed chances to extend South Africa 's lead but in contrast , the nerveless Sexton slotted three penalties to put Ireland in control .
South Africa produced late pressure but Ireland deservedly held on .
The injury - hit Springboks , who have also lost to France and Premiership sides Leicester and Saracens on a disappointing tour , were under - strength .
But the win nevertheless continued Ireland 's upward curve after their Grand Slam triumph last spring .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Both teams produced running rugby in the early stages .
In the opening minute , Paddy Wallace spilled the ball in midfield to put the Irish defence under immediate pressure before the danger was averted .
The Irish then produced a few darts of their own before Jerry Flannery 's charge into opposition territory yielded a penalty which Sexton slotted from 45 metres in the 10th minute .
The South African line - out was under pressure early on with captain John Smit , back at hooker , struggling to find his jumpers .
However , it was a different story in the scrum as the Springboks began to turn the screw on the Irish .
606 : DEBATE
Ireland defended like Trojans and their line out work has definitely by far superceded anything else the Springbok team have encountered this year
biltongbek A South African penalty in front of the posts was turned down and it proved an inspired decision as flanker Burger charged over for a try in the 16th minute after some quick hands from Morne Steyn and Wynand Olivier .
The controversial Burger 's reaction to his score did not endear him to the home crowd as he thumped the ball into the stands .
Indeed , the suggestions of needle between the two squads arising from the summer Lions tour seemed to be coming to pass early on as afters was the order of the day on a number of occasions .
The Irish responded by putting the South Africans under intense pressure as Jamie Heaslip and David Wallace were held up inches short of the line .
But a penalty for not releasing relieved the pressure and the Springboks rubbed further salt into Irish wounds by Steyn slotting an opportunist drop - goal to extend the lead to 10 - 3 in the 24th minute .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
By that stage , Paddy Wallace had hobbled off for the Irish to be replaced by Lions centre Gordon D'Arcy .
Sexton maintained his 100 per cent kicking record in international rugby by reducing the South Africans ' lead to four points with another superb strike in the 30th minute .
Steyn had two chances before half - time to extend the Springboks ' lead but both efforts dropped short in the heavy Croke Park air .
The South African fly - half did not get the distance again five minutes after the break as another opportunity to extend his team 's lead was spurned .
Sexton was finding the damp conditions more to his liking and he slotted two more high - pressure penalties in quick succession to have the Irish ahead by the 51st minute .
The Leinster fly - half was finally off - target in the 61st minute as he missed a chance to extend Ireland 's advantage .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Sexton made no mistake four minutes later as he slotted a 50 - metre effort and the lead stayed five points as Ruan Pienaar , assuming the kicking duties from Steyn , hit the Irish woodwork .
The Irish fly - half missed a chance to put more than a score between the teams in the 75th minute and as the home pressure continued , Keith Earls looked set to score a try before being bundled into touch .
After being dominated during most of the final quarter , the world champions produced frantic late pressure with Tendai Mtawarira charging to within inches of the Irish line .
However , Brian O'Driscoll 's massive hit on Zane Kirchner ensured the vital injury - time turnover as the Irish completed a famous victory .
Ireland : R Kearney ; T Bowe , B O'Driscoll , P Wallace , K Earls ; J Sexton , T O'Leary ; C Healy , J Flannery , J Hayes , D O'Callaghan , P O'Connell ; S Ferris , D Wallace , J Heaslip .
Replacements : G D'Arcy for P Wallace 34 , S O'Brien for Ferris 40 .
Not used : S Cronin , T Buckley , L Cullen , P Stringer , R O'Gara .
South Africa : Z Kirchner ; JP Pietersen , J Fourie , W Olivier , B Habana ; M Steyn , F du Preez ; T Mtawarira , J Smit ( capt ) , BJ Botha ; A Bekker , V Matfield ; H Brussow , S Burger , D Rossouw .
Replacements : B du Plessis for BJ Botha 48 , D Potgieter for Bekker 69 , R Pienaar for Steyn 61 , J de Villiers for Olivier 65 .
Not used : CJ van der Linde , F Hougaard , J Deysel .
Referee : Nigel Owens ( Wales )
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WHERE THE MONEY GOES WHERE THE MONEY GOES Budget expands tax cuts , military spending Some key areas of President Obama 's budget released Thursday : Taxes Obama proposal :
The budget would extend the new tax cuts of $ 400 for individuals and $ 800 for families for at least the next decade .
In 2011 , couples earning $ 250,000 a year or more ( $ 200,000 for individuals ) would pay higher income taxes , up to 39.6 % ; have limited itemized deductions ; and pay a 20 % tax rate on capital gains and dividends .
Context : Obama has made it clear he wants to roll back President Bush 's tax cuts , which will expire at the end of next year .
The question : when ?
Republicans , including Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia , say letting the tax cuts expire amounts to a tax hike at the worst time .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says she prefers to repeal them sooner .
Defense Obama proposal :
The budget calls for $ 205.5 billion in war costs for Iraq and Afghanistan over the next year and a half , including $ 75.5 billion more this year and $ 130 billion for fiscal 2010 .
Those costs are included in the overall budget for the first time .
The budget includes a 4 % increase to $ 533.7 billion for the Defense Department .
Context :
War spending would continue at a rate of roughly $ 11 billion a month for the next 18 months , even as the administration plans to dramatically reduce troop levels in Iraq .
Specifics about spending on weapons and other programs wo n't be available until the full budget is released in April .
Education Obama proposal : Obama says he 'll end subsidies to banks that lend to students and make the federal government a major student lender , ending the public - private partnership .
He wants to raise the maximum Pell grant to $ 5,550 and link future grant increases to inflation .
He 'd create a $ 2.5 billion fund to help low - income students complete college .
Context : Among the 75 % of students who finish high school on time , two - thirds graduate from college .
Obama says he wants to help put college within reach of more students and make it more affordable .
Ending government - guaranteed loans through banks represents perhaps the biggest break from the Bush administration .
Health Obama proposal :
The most dramatic proposal is the creation of a $ 634 billion reserve fund to a yet - to - be - defined plan to provide health care to about 48 million people without insurance .
It would be financed equally by savings in Medicare and tax increases on those earning more than $ 250,000 a year .
Context : Obama promised during the campaign to expand health care coverage and make it more affordable .
The details will be worked out through negotiations with Congress .
An immediate conflict : raising taxes .
Sen. Judd Gregg , R - N.H. , said Obama should look to cut costs before relying on " massive tax increases . "
Homeland Security Obama proposal :
The department plans to add bomb - detection experts and security teams that patrol transit hubs unannounced .
It wants to add more border agents and create a pilot program of fingerprinting temporary workers as they leave the USA .
A $ 2.50 - per- airline - passenger security fee would increase by $ 1 each year from 2012 to 2014 .
Context : Homeland Security is the only department whose budget is slated to shrink every year from 2011 to 2014 .
That reflects Secretary Janet Napolitano 's recent call for a " leaner , smarter and more efficient DHS . "
Transportation Obama proposal :
The government would spend $ 5 billion over five years on high - speed rail .
That 's on top of the $ 8 billion approved in the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package .
The budget provides $ 800 million to modernize the nation 's air - traffic system and increases by $ 55 million subsidies paid to airlines that fly into smaller airports .
Context :
The rail proposals fit with Obama 's twin goals of stimulating the economy and reducing reliance on foreign oil .
The administration expects the rail lines to link regional population centers and create job opportunities .
Lawmakers and the aviation industry generally support funding for air - traffic modernization .
Veterans Obama proposal : Obama wants to increase the Department of Veterans Affairs budget by 10 % to $ 52.5 billion next year .
The budget proposal would increase funding for mental health screening and treatment and services in rural areas .
The plan would expand VA health care to an additional 500,000 veterans by lowering income eligibility limits .
Context :
The president has referred to the government 's responsibility for veterans as a " sacred trust . "
He promised during the campaign to enhance veterans ' benefits and improve VA medical care .
The budget does not mention increased funding for treating traumatic brain injuries — the signature wound of the Iraq war .
Foreign affairs Obama proposal :
The president seeks a nearly 10 % increase for the State Department .
It 's a $ 4.5 billion bump from current projected levels .
That 's on top of an increase in the 2009 spending bill passed Wednesday by the House that would add 800 foreign service officers .
Among new spending : more non-military aid to Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Context : Obama promised during the campaign to boost diplomacy and double foreign aid .
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said during her confirmation hearing that boosting such spending is a tough sell in Congress because there is little constituency for it — unlike defense spending , which creates jobs in lawmakers ' districts .
Science Obama proposal :
The president wants about $ 10 billion — a 16 % increase — for basic research at the National Science Foundation , Energy Department and National Institute of Standards and Technology .
That 's in addition to $ 5 billion in the stimulus package .
He seeks $ 6 billion , an 8 % bump , for cancer research at the National Institutes of Health .
Context : Obama has pledged to " put science at the top of our agenda , " but the question remains whether the economic times will allow for it .
Congress usually supports science with funding that closely tracks the overall budget .
One crucial Republican , Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , pushed for increased science funding in the stimulus bill .
Environment / energy Obama proposal : The Environmental Protection Agency would get a $ 10.5 billion increase , 34 % over the projected current levels .
The budget includes higher fees for companies drilling for oil and gas on federal land and $ 646 billion from 2012 to 2019 from companies that emit gases linked to global warming .
Context :
The budget reflects Obama 's emphasis on tackling global warming and moving the nation away from fossil fuels .
That will require congressional action .
Before such large sums can be raised from businesses that emit global - warming gases , lawmakers will have to pass what promises to be a complex and controversial bill .
By Traci Watson , Dan Vergano , Ken Dilanian , Chris Buckle , Thomas Frank , Alan Levin , Gregg Toppo , Matt Kelley and Mimi Hall Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Janet Tavakoli makes some excellent points on how 2 years of endless money pumping , government bailouts , and stimuli and have accomplished the exact opposite of what was intended : Matters have gotten far worse , and the financial system is now in a much more explosive condition than back then .
Part 1
Part 2
Her book Dear Mr. Buffett sounds like a great read .
I will definitely check it out .
Related Posts :
After suffering a bit of diffidence after the October housing starts number came in much worse than expected , the risk hungry alpha - hunters and the safe - haven seekers are fighting it out for control of the direction of financial markets today .
On a slightly technical point , it would be wise to be somewhat cautious when considering the housing starts figure .
For one thing , uncertainty over whether the Feds ' tax credit for homebuyers would be extended -- it ultimately was reupped and expanded -- cast a pall of uncertainty over ...
In order to promote their AMP energy drink , Pepsi recently released an iPhone application called " AMP Up Before You Score , " a program that helps men work on their " game " by providing tips on " scoring " with women .
Charming !
The application works by breaking women down in to 24 set types .
Once a man identifies the " type " of woman he 's after , it provides him with tips on getting her to sleep with him , giving helpful hints like directions to hotel rooms and links to facts that might impress a certain " type , " as well as a means for the man to brag about his conquests on Facebook or Twitter .
High class , sassafrass !
Do n't you wish your date was gross like me ?
Do n't you wish your date was a creep like me ?
Do n't cha ?!
Here 's how it works : 1 . Identify Her Type
Got your eye on a girl , and are n't sure how to get started ?
Pick out her profile , flip the card , and study up quick with a cheatsheet on the stuff she 's into , with lists , links and some surefire opening lines .
( Surefire to what , we wo n't say . )
2 . Keep a List
Get lucky ?
Add her to your Brag List .
You can include a name , date and whatever details you remember .
3 . Brag
You got it ?
Flaunt it .
Keep your buddies in the loop on email , Facebook or Twitter .
Here 's who you get : Artist
Aspiring Actress
Athlete
Bookworm
Businesswoman
Celebrity
Cougar
Dancer
Foreign Exchange Student
Goth Girl
Indie Rock Girl
Married
Military Girl
Nerd
Out - Of - Your - League Girl
Political Girl
Princess
Punk Rock Girl
Rebound Girl
Sorority Girl
Treehugger
Trouble
Twins
Women 's Studies Major
Advertisement
Ah , yes .
Ca n't leave out the twins or the women 's studies major who really just wants to be swept away by your iPhone seduction skills , bro .
It 's going to be so easy to score with AMP energy drink on your breath and a list of incredibly generic " types " in your pocket .
All you need is a fresh Ed Hardy shirt and a spritz of Axe body spray and you are good to go !
Jon Gosselin will even pick you up so you can spend the night spending his children 's education fund on cubic zirconia earrings together , bro !
Everything 's comin ' up douchebag !
There 's a reason why I go after bro culture as often as I do : things like this , which are completely unacceptable and ridiculously offensive .
This is a program sponsored by a major corporation that encourages men to look at women as objects to be won , used , and tossed away after a " victory " is obtained , and the more normalized things like this become , the worse off we 're all going to be .
Advertisement
If the rationale is that the target audience for AMP energy drink is filled with pathetic douchebags , then perhaps instead of continuing to feed this audience and encourage this kind of behavior , we should offer them something different and stop shoving bro culture down everyone 's throats as if it 's totally acceptable to Tucker Max - it out at all times .
Until then , the best we can do is to mock it mercilessly ; if people actually think this kind of thing is attractive and effective , they 'll continue doing it , but if it 's ripped apart as often as possible , the " awesomeness " factor of stupid crap like this might be dulled a bit .
I have said it before , and I will say it again : I am just really tired of bros , man .
It would be nice to turn on the television one day and not see some dude completely dehumanizing women as a part of some asinine " game " in order to promote deodorant or soda pop or body wash , but I guess there is n't an app for that yet .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
App To Help Men Score And Tweet ( by Pepsi ) [ Inventor Spot ]
AMP Up Before You Score [ App Shopper ]
The blacks are on their way to becoming the dominant species Researchers from Cambridge have at last solved one of the mysteries of the animal world , Inside Out has revealed .
Black squirrel numbers are rapidly increasing and until now the UK origins of the creatures have been unknown .
The black squirrel was first spotted in the UK 90 years ago in Hitchin , Hertfordshire .
But it now accounts for almost half of all squirrels in some areas around Cambridgeshire and there are an estimated 25,000 in eastern England .
While the black squirrels have been around for a number of years no - one has been able to explain where they came from .
Inside
Out has been given exclusive access as scientists reveal for the first time how the black squirrel came into being .
Zoo escape Some 10,000 years ago , the red squirrel had Britain to itself but in 1892 a pair of American grey squirrels were released into the wild .
The result is that today there are more than two million grey squirrels and just a few hundred reds living in a handful of places - and now the black squirrel represents the same kind of threat to the grey as the impact of the grey on the red .
Helen McRobie and Alison Thomas , from Anglia Ruskin University in Cambridge , are spearheading the black squirrel research and could not agree about how the black squirrel population in the UK came into being .
Ms McRobie believed the black squirrel was the result of a genetic mutation , two grey squirrels mated and produced a black off - spring which grew up and mated .
Its off - spring were even darker and this continued until black became the over - riding colour .
Ms Thomas disagrees , saying : " I do n't think the black squirrels we have here in the UK are the result of a genetic mutation .
" That would require too big a jump ; I just do n't think that 's plausible at all .
Such a big change just does n't happen like that in nature . "
They finally came up with a solution to answer the question of how the black squirrel came into being , by importing a black squirrel from the USA .
Genetic markers were taken and compared with a British black and the result was proof that the squirrels are descendents of American blacks that escaped from zoos .
It seems possible now that the grey squirrel has had its day and that black squirrels could become the dominant species across the UK .
The BBC Inside Out programme screens on BBC1 in the East at 1930 BST on Wednesday , 21 January .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
N ew Delhi cannot afford to sit around while others plot its destruction .
Surrounded with sullied strategic environment and the spreading fire that engulfs the region , New Delhi can either continue to live in fear as it has in the past , or fight back .
There are two distinct threats that endanger the existence of the Union .
First are China 's imperial ambitions that threaten to ultimately dismember India into 20 to 30 parts .
To succeed in its aim , Beijing over a period of time unleashed the first phase of the strategy and intelligently encircled India .
This initial phase resulted in shrinking New Delhi 's strategic frontiers in its vicinity .
The Indians unwittingly made the Chinese task a cakewalk as they were preoccupied with internal bickering for short - term personal gains , overlooking the vicious expansionist agenda designed jointly by Beijing and Islamabad to tear apart the country .
Even as it pretended to withdraw its covert support to the rebels in India 's northeast in the late seventies , China took advantage of Islamabad 's hatred for India , and deftly invested in Pakistan to carry out the task on its behalf .
The primary segment of the Chinese strategy moved with clockwork precision by investing in autocratic and Islamic fundamentalist elements in countries on India 's periphery -- Myanmar , Bangladesh and the Maoists in Nepal .
In Sri Lanka , while Indians dithered , Beijing and its proxy Pakistan quickly moved in to help arm Colombo against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , develop the Hambantota port etc .
While the adversary invested in encircling India on its land and sea frontiers , the Indians merrily continued to indulge in their favorite past time -- meaningless and endless debates .
Invited by Islamabad , the Chinese moved into Pakistan occupied Kashmir .
With growing irrelevance of Pakistan as a nation State , this area in times to come will become Chinese occupied Kashmir .
Similarly , China fabricated its territorial claim on Bhutan and is working to eclipse the prevailing Indian influence there .
Is New Delhi prepared to defend its strategic frontiers in Bhutan unlike our timid response in Tibet ?
T he second phase of the long - term strategy to unravel India based on smaller geographical regions is now underway .
After successfully encircling India , the recent spurts in Chinese incursions on the border , objections to the prime minister 's visit to Arunachal Pradesh , lobbying against India at the Asian Development Bank , the drama of apportioning official annual budgets for the development of the so - called Southern Tibet ( Arunachal Pradesh ) , devising opinion polls against India , issuing visas on separate sheets to residents of India from Kashmir are clear pointers in that direction .
The concluding part of the plot of unraveling the Union , if successful , will remove the challenge to China 's unquestioned supremacy in Asia .
China 's initial thrust succeeded not only in effectively rolling back India 's influence in its external periphery , but also helped its proxies to extend their tentacles deep into India , threatening the Union 's internal stability .
Therefore , the second distinct aspect that endangers the existence of the Union is the rapidly increasing internal security threat .
W hile the external adversary devised strategy to shrink India 's influence in its ' near abroad ' , the individual states 's inability to govern ensured rollback of authority towards their respective capitals .
The Indian sway unwittingly stands reduced simultaneously , within its borders and in its immediate vicinity .
The combined intensity of the external and the internal threat , where each feeds on the other , if not handled with ruthlessness , will unravel India in times to come .
Negligence in governance is primarily responsible and permits the hostile external actors to take advantage of the internal dissent to further their imperial ambitions .
T o power itself out of the largely self - inflicted external - internal encirclement New Delhi should work out a comprehensive counter - strategy with an offensive orientation .
For an enduring win against the heavy odds , the national goal should be to emerge as the single most dominant power in Asia by 2020 .
This aim envisages an economically powerful India backed by extraordinary military capabilities and reach , and formation of potent international alliances that help defend multi-cultural democratic values under adverse conditions in Asia .
Instead of endlessly ceding strategic space as in the past 62 years , we must learn to fight at multiple levels , and secure and extend our influence in Asia through hard and soft power on land and sea .
Pursuit of this singular national goal will automatically force us to gear up the entire infrastructure , resources , policies and strategies towards the fulfillment of this endeavour .
A t present , we are an inward looking , bickering , dithering and indecisive nation .
New Delhi lacks the key aspiration and therefore the vision , that motivates and impels a nation to excel and achieve worthy living standards for its citizens .
Centrality of such national core ambition will remove the prevailing confusion and the attendant aimlessness .
However , to be the pre-eminent Asian power , it is essential that New Delhi first set its own house in order by reclaiming the space lost within to the non-State actors .
Lack of skills and direction , self - serving gimmicks and dwindling integrity in the civil administration ended up in handing over the control of 40 percent area to the Maoists and ten percent on the borders to the insurgents .
It is vital that the State recaptures this space in the shortest possible time frame and establishes its authority up to the borders .
Otherwise , India will be the next State after Pakistan to be consumed by civil war .
Since the Maoists and the insurgents are armed and supported by external actors , it is appropriate that they be dealt by exercise of requisite military force , before development and effective policing can take roots .
The nation is witness to the fact that the Indian police and civil administration just do not have what it takes to disarm those who wield weapons against the State .
To rapidly develop the sinews of the civil administration including the police to face the war like situation brewing inside , it is crucial to inject military thinking and muscle .
First , the State should infuse military talent by offering attractive terms and conditions to retired military personnel on fixed tenure and contract basis to take the battle effectively into the heartland of Maoists and the insurgents .
They are fairly young , have military skills , are motivated , and understand combat in all its hues to take on the Maoists and the insurgents .
Second , from the pool of retired military personnel , create military advisory cells in the home ministries of the states and at the Centre with adequate resources .
Inter - link them with each other on a national grid to develop military appreciation of the situation on the ground and offer clear and decisive options .
Third , since it is a long haul , the central and all state police forces should pay the Indian Army and Navy to select and train at least 100 constables each year in their various regimental training centres to augment the armed constabulary .
Fourth , the Indian Army can select and train a few officer cadets every year for the Indian Police Service at its Officer Training Academy in Chennai on the same tough pattern as the military officer cadets .
This will rapidly induct precision of military thinking and sinews that the civil administration urgently requires to fulfill the task at hand .
The success of expanding Chinese strategic reach in Asia is due to the singular fact that , unlike other Communist parties , the Communist Party of China from its inception has the advantage of precise military thinking in the party , as the People 's Liberation Army officers are integral to it .
The above suggestions are particularly relevant to pacifist India , as military thinking in most of the other cultures is a natural component .
In addition , remove all man made barriers like inner line permits etc to allow inter-mingling of citizenry , and establishment of businesses and industry in the northeast and Kashmir and other states .
While the terrorist , jihadi and the infiltrator forcibly change the demography , citizens are not allowed to settle and buy land in many areas of the Union .
Such contradictions besides being illogical defy national integration , consolidation and fusion of the nation into one entity .
However , we should avoid forced settlements like the Han Chinese in Tibet or Pakistan in the Shia- majority Northern Areas .
But , of course , the writ of the State cannot be re-established within , unless it can deliver high quality governance and development programmes .
I f India had developed its military power on requisite scale and demonstrated the gumption to use it when and where necessary in the past 62 years , if the foreign office had injected military spine into its policy making , and if the enemy knew that New Delhi would respond ruthlessly if threatened , with a clear message , ' Do n't mess with us ! ' --
I am convinced that multiple wars would not have been imposed on India .
Neither export of terrorism would have occurred on the scale it does nor China would have dared to be so nasty .
Adequate military preparedness and the ability to wield it tellingly act as deterrence , taking away the cost - benefit ratio of war from the adversary .
To emerge as the dominant force in Asia , it is therefore , essential that offensive orientation in thinking be injected across the spectrum from a young age .
This entails confronting adverse geopolitical situations differently to achieve dominance .
Beijing has created an excellent infrastructure of roads and railway network in Tibet that allows them to bolster its hostile posture towards New Delhi .
To create similar infrastructure on our side of the border is going to be time consuming .
Therefore , if push comes to a shove , how can we innovate to neutralise the imminent threat posed by the adversary ?
We should induct massive heavy lift capabilities for troops by introducing a fleet of helicopters and transport aircraft on a war footing .
Initiation of superior means of mobility for the troops and extraordinary firepower will act as a robust deterrence .
We should create military capabilities to disrupt the enemy 's rail supply line to Tibet .
Indian thinkers are nervous at China 's declaration to further extend the railway line to Nepal and Myanmar .
Brought up on pacifism , they forget that railway lines and roads can move traffic in two directions .
Therefore , in case hostility breaks out , we must ensure military wherewithal to dominate these railway lines and use it to induct our troops in the reverse direction .
We must always plan to take war to the enemy using his vulnerabilities .
Kashmir legally acceded to the Indian Union , therefore , in my mind there is no dispute .
However , Tibet and Sinkiang ( East Turkistan ) were forcibly annexed by China .
These indeed are matters of dispute .
As sovereign nations , India and Tibet did not have any major boundary dispute .
Therefore , illegal occupation of Tibet by China does not bestow on it any legitimacy to raise bogus boundary claims on India .
Similarly , Baluchistan was tricked into joining Pakistan .
This also can be a subject of dispute .
New Delhi should learn to think differently .
Wielding the weapon of psychological warfare , the Chinese recently prodded their friends in Pakistan to project via the Indian media that this is going to be the Chinese century and in Asia , the American influence is going to disappear leaving Beijing as the dominant power .
T herefore , India must decide whether it wants to side with the losing Western alliance led by America or the winning side led by China .
These are symptoms of acute anxieties in Beijing and Islamabad .
The presence of Americans in Afghanistan - Pakistan and the growing Indo - US strategic partnership unnerves China .
However , despite its technological superiority , the Americans cannot win the war in Afghanistan without India 's help .
They just do not have adequate boots on the ground .
Similarly , India on its own cannot prevail in this region and requires the Western alliance 's assistance .
There is a synergy of purpose .
Equally true is the fact that the Americans are fighting India 's war too .
If they withdraw from the Af - Pak area , the entire jihad factory will descend mercilessly upon India to create mayhem .
Hence , it is in India 's national interest to synergise with the West in Af - Pak to benefit from resource rich Central Asia and deny the centuries 's old route of invasion to the adversary .
New Delhi must contest and reclaim the strategic space lost within and in its vicinity .
Otherwise , in times to come , the Union will slip into civil war and finally wither away .
Bharat Verma is the editor , Indian Defence Review
3.5 . Window Functions
A window function performs a calculation across a set of table rows that are somehow related to the current row .
This is comparable to the type of calculation that can be done with an aggregate function .
However , window functions do not cause rows to become grouped into a single output row like non-window aggregate calls would .
Instead , the rows retain their separate identities .
Behind the scenes , the window function is able to access more than just the current row of the query result .
Here is an example that shows how to compare each employee 's salary with the average salary in his or her department :
SELECT depname , empno , salary , avg ( salary ) OVER ( PARTITION BY depname ) FROM empsalary ;
depname | empno | salary | avg -----------+-------+--------+----------------------- develop | 11 | 5200 | 5020.0000000000000000 develop | 7 | 4200 | 5020.0000000000000000 develop | 9 | 4500 | 5020.0000000000000000 develop | 8 | 6000 | 5020.0000000000000000 develop | 10 | 5200 | 5020.0000000000000000 personnel | 5 | 3500 | 3700.0000000000000000 personnel | 2 | 3900 | 3700.0000000000000000 sales | 3 | 4800 | 4866.6666666666666667 sales | 1 | 5000 | 4866.6666666666666667 sales | 4 | 4800 | 4866.6666666666666667 ( 10 rows )
The first three output columns come directly from the table empsalary , and there is one output row for each row in the table .
The fourth column represents an average taken across all the table rows that have the same depname value as the current row .
( This actually is the same function as the non-window avg aggregate , but the OVER clause causes it to be treated as a window function and computed across the window frame . )
A window function call always contains an OVER clause directly following the window function 's name and argument ( s ) .
This is what syntactically distinguishes it from a normal function or non-window aggregate .
The OVER clause determines exactly how the rows of the query are split up for processing by the window function .
The PARTITION BY clause within OVER divides the rows into groups , or partitions , that share the same values of the PARTITION BY expression (s ) .
For each row , the window function is computed across the rows that fall into the same partition as the current row .
You can also control the order in which rows are processed by window functions using ORDER BY within OVER .
( The window ORDER BY does not even have to match the order in which the rows are output . )
Here is an example :
SELECT depname , empno , salary , rank ( ) OVER ( PARTITION BY depname ORDER BY salary DESC ) FROM empsalary ;
depname | empno | salary | rank -----------+-------+--------+------ develop | 8 | 6000 | 1 develop | 10 | 5200 | 2 develop | 11 | 5200 | 2 develop | 9 | 4500 | 4 develop | 7 | 4200 | 5 personnel | 2 | 3900 | 1 personnel | 5 | 3500 | 2 sales | 1 | 5000 | 1 sales | 4 | 4800 | 2 sales | 3 | 4800 | 2 ( 10 rows )
As shown here , the rank function produces a numerical rank for each distinct ORDER BY value in the current row's partition , using the order defined by the ORDER BY clause .
rank needs no explicit parameter , because its behavior is entirely determined by the OVER clause .
The rows considered by a window function are those of the “ virtual table ” produced by the query 's FROM clause as filtered by its WHERE , GROUP BY , and HAVING clauses if any .
For example , a row removed because it does not meet the WHERE condition is not seen by any window function .
A query can contain multiple window functions that slice up the data in different ways using different OVER clauses , but they all act on the same collection of rows defined by this virtual table .
We already saw that ORDER BY can be omitted if the ordering of rows is not important .
It is also possible to omit PARTITION BY , in which case there is a single partition containing all rows .
There is another important concept associated with window functions : for each row , there is a set of rows within its partition called its window frame .
Some window functions act only on the rows of the window frame , rather than of the whole partition .
By default , if ORDER BY is supplied then the frame consists of all rows from the start of the partition up through the current row , plus any following rows that are equal to the current row according to the ORDER BY clause .
When ORDER BY is omitted the default frame consists of all rows in the partition .
Here is an example using sum :
SELECT salary , sum( salary ) OVER () FROM empsalary ;
salary | sum --------+------- 5200 | 47100 5000 | 47100 3500 | 47100 4800 | 47100 3900 | 47100 4200 | 47100 4500 | 47100 4800 | 47100 6000 | 47100 5200 | 47100 ( 10 rows )
Above , since there is no ORDER BY in the OVER clause , the window frame is the same as the partition , which for lack of PARTITION BY is the whole table ; in other words each sum is taken over the whole table and so we get the same result for each output row .
But if we add an ORDER BY clause , we get very different results :
SELECT salary , sum( salary ) OVER ( ORDER BY salary ) FROM empsalary ;
salary | sum --------+-------
3500 | 3500 3900 | 7400 4200 | 11600 4500 | 16100 4800 | 25700 4800 | 25700 5000 | 30700 5200 | 41100 5200 | 41100 6000 | 47100 ( 10 rows )
Here the sum is taken from the first ( lowest ) salary up through the current one , including any duplicates of the current one ( notice the results for the duplicated salaries ) .
Window functions are permitted only in the SELECT list and the ORDER BY clause of the query .
They are forbidden elsewhere , such as in GROUP BY , HAVING and WHERE clauses .
This is because they logically execute after the processing of those clauses .
Also , window functions execute after non-window aggregate functions .
This means it is valid to include an aggregate function call in the arguments of a window function , but not vice versa .
If there is a need to filter or group rows after the window calculations are performed , you can use a sub-select .
For example :
SELECT depname , empno , salary , enroll_date FROM ( SELECT depname , empno , salary , enroll_date , rank ( ) OVER ( PARTITION BY depname ORDER BY salary DESC , empno ) AS pos FROM empsalary ) AS ss WHERE pos < 3 ;
The above query only shows the rows from the inner query having rank less than 3 .
When a query involves multiple window functions , it is possible to write out each one with a separate OVER clause , but this is duplicative and error - prone if the same windowing behavior is wanted for several functions .
Instead , each windowing behavior can be named in a WINDOW clause and then referenced in OVER .
For example :
SELECT sum( salary ) OVER w , avg ( salary ) OVER w FROM empsalary WINDOW w AS ( PARTITION BY depname ORDER BY salary DESC ) ;
More details about window functions can be found in Section 4.2.8 , Section 9.22 , Section 7.2.5 , and the SELECT reference page .
Double X has a disturbing profile today of the men's rights movement and its involvement in belittling domestic violence against women .
Advertisement
According to writer Kathryn Joyce , men 's rights groups ( like the one whose members climbed Buckingham Palace dressed as superheroes to protest custody laws ) see domestic violence laws as discrimination on a par with racism .
They contend " that false allegations are rampant , that a feminist - run court system fraudulently separates innocent fathers from children , that battered women 's shelters are running a racket that funnels federal dollars to feminists , that domestic - violence laws give cover to cagey mail - order brides seeking Green Cards , and finally , that men are victims of an unrecognized epidemic of violence at the hands of abusive wives . "
A statement from RADAR ( Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting ) reads , " It 's now reached the point that domestic violence laws represent the largest roll - back in Americans ' civil rights since the Jim Crow era ! "
This is obviously an exaggeration , but , as Joyce also points out , claims that domestic violence law is discriminatory have gained some mainstream acceptance .
RADAR board member Ron Grignal says , " I 've had Democrats on Capitol Hill tell me they agree with everything I say , " and Joyce writes that an LA conference on male victims of domestic violence " received positive mainstream press for its ' inclusive ' efforts . "
So are men's rights groups on to something ?
Is domestic violence law marginalizing men ?
Advertisement
According to Joyce , probably not .
She writes that " while some men certainly are victims of female domestic violence , advocates say the number is closer to 3 percent to 4 percent , rather than the 45 percent to 50 percent RADAR claims . "
In general , men 's rights groups appear to be relying on " cherry - picked studies " that ignore , for instance , the distinction between one - time , relatively minor violence and sustained battery , which is overwhelmingly perpetrated by men .
This is not to say that even minor violence is acceptable — but men's rights groups aim not just to address violence against men , but to downplay violence against women .
And this goal is , frankly , pretty sinister .
Joyce writes :
[ C]ritics like Australian sociologist Michael Flood say that men's rights movements reflect the tactics of domestic abusers themselves , minimizing existing violence , calling it mutual , and discrediting victims .
MRA groups downplay national abuse rates , just as abusers downplay their personal battery ; they wage campaigns dismissing most allegations as false , as abusers claim partners are lying about being hit ; and they depict the violence as mutual - part of an epidemic of wife - on - husband abuse - as individual batterers rationalize their behavior by saying that the violence was reciprocal .
Additionally , MRA groups ' predictions of future violence by fed - up men wronged by the family - law system seem an obvious additional correlation , with the threat of violence seemingly intended to intimidate a community , like a fearful spouse , into compliance .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It 's upsetting but perhaps not surprising that the men's rights movement 's tactics mimic those of abusers , given that the movement itself sets up such an adversarial relationship between men and women .
The sad thing about this is that , in a very real way , women 's rights are men's rights .
Being a feminist or an advocate for domestic violence victims does n't mean you want women to be allowed to batter men .
It means you believe in egalitarian relationships in which partners resolve disputes through communication rather than violence — something that benefits both men and women .
Men 's rights groups also often focus on father 's rights — the right to custody of children after a divorce , for instance .
But feminists work for fathers ' rights too , arguing that women are n't the only " natural " caregivers and that men can and should play an equal role in raising their children .
We 're just not in favor of giving custody to abusive fathers — and some high - profile members of the father 's rights movement have been accused of abuse .
The men's rights movement includes some pretty scary people — according to Joyce , some even defended Pittsburgh gym gunman George Sodini — but it no doubt also includes some decent men who believe the old lie that feminists are out to get them .
In fact , we support their right to healthy relationships , and to be treated as equal partners in their families — we just do n't think they have a right to beat us up .
Advertisement
" Men 's Rights " Groups Have Become Frighteningly Effective [ Double X ]
If you ’re a Droid - chaser , you ’ve no doubt been hooked to BGR for the past few weeks ( more than normal , maybe ? ) .
We have our very own Motorola Droid handset , and although the software is n’t final , it ’s solid enough where we feel comfortable giving you a nice preview of the unit .
Remember , again , this is n’t a final unit and things can and will change for the better .
Read on for our Motorola Droid Preview !
P.S. As we have been doing , we ’ll follow up on this preview with a review based on a retail unit at release .
P.P.S. I just want to add that this is a Google Experience phone , and my line about Verizon and GPS was a joke .
Verizon has n’t and wo n’t touch or control any functionality on the Droid .
GPS is 100 % open , there ’s Wi-Fi , Android Market , etc .
Hardware / Build quality :
When the Motorola Droid is released in the coming couple weeks , it will be the most advanced Android device on the market as far as specifications go .
Software too , as it ’s the only one said to be running Android 2.0 until months from now , but that ’s for another section .
There ’s a 550MHz Texas Instruments OMAP3430 processor , separate PowerVR GPU , 256MB of RAM , CDMA Rev A. , Wi -Fi , GPS , a digital magnetometer , accelerometer , proximity sensors , a 5 megapixel autofocus camera with dual - LED flash , notification LED , four touch - sensitive navigation buttons , a slide - out full QWERTY keyboard , 3.5 mm headset jack , microUSB port — jesus .
In the last year or two , spec sheets really have n’t meant all that much to people .
Rational people , that is .
What means a lot more is the OS your phone is running since that ’s what going to enable you to take bad ass pictures and immediately share them with a close group of friends , or edit work documents on your phone while conducting an online presentation , and so on .
But what ’s actually pretty funny is , Android devices have been a little underpowered , so the spec sheets do matter , and the Motorola Droid absolutely topples every single Android device ever released as far as the hardware specifications are concerned .
We love the build quality of this phone .
It ’s mostly metal , and while it ’s heavy , it gives you a reassuring quality feel that you just do n’t find much nowadays as handsets get thinner , lighter , smaller , and cheaper .
It ’s practically the opposite of the Motorola CLIQ as far as the physical attributes of the device goes .
Really solid and it seems to be manufactured very well .
The slider is not spring - assisted , but when you push the metal bezel around the gorgeous display upwards , you get a satisfying click .
It does the same when you slide it closed as well .
Screen :
It ’s the largest capacitive screen we ’ve ever seen and it ’s positively amazing .
It ’s crisp , sharp , vibrant , bright , and really , really responsive .
It ’s almost iPhone - level in terms of the capacitive touch .
We ’re not sure if the screen is glass or plastic ( we ’ve heard glass but it ’s incredibly hard to tell ) , but it does n’t seem like it would scratch easily regardless of the material .
The 3.7 inch display powers a 854×480 resolution image and shows off Android ’s true colors .
You see what we did there ?
What ’s interesting is this whole touch - button phase .
On the HTC Desire / Predator / Your face , it also features touch - sensitive buttons just like the Droid does .
The great part about the Droid ’s implementation is that there ’s haptic feedback when you press a button and to be perfectly honest , we do n’t mind them at all .
Would we prefer physical keys ?
Yeah , sure , but these work just fine and we have n’t come across any problematic occurrences .
Keyboard :
Everyone is bitching over the keyboard .
Well , it ’s probably better than you ’d think , but it ’s not perfect .
As has been discussed ad nauseum , the unit we have has two blank keys .
They do n’t press in at all , so it ’s not just like there is n’t anything written on them , they are just flat .
We had initially been told this was because the keyboard design was n’t finalized , and if you ’ve been Droid - chasing for a while you ’ll have noticed many different keyboard revisions .
Love it or hate it , this keyboard design is actually final and will be on the device you buy from your favorite Verizon Wireless store .
As far as the actual ‘ board goes , there is n’t as much feedback as we ’d have liked from the keys , but since the phone is so darn thin , there had to be compromises somewhere .
People have asked why Motorola did n’t just make the phone into a keyboard - less version , and our answer would have to be : they are .
We like the keyboard on the Droid and we ’re really anal about keyboards .
The directional pad on the right is a little weird at first but it does n’t hamper your typing too much , but there is n’t enough tactile feedback to make it perfect .
Something that ’s a little annoying is the proximity of one key to another key , but all in all we ’ve been able to bang out emails , texts , and other forms of text entry very efficiently on the hardware keyboard very quickly after using the device .
It ’s not the best , but it certainly is n’t bad , and it ’s definitely better than the T - Mobile G1 ’s keyboard .
And oh… a ton of people are asking , and we ’re not sure why you would n’t assume it already , but you can indeed use the on - screen keyboard in portrait as well as landscape mode .
Phone calling / speaker / call quality :
The Droid sounds great as a phone .
Calls with the handset over Verizon ’s network sounded clear and the phone application itself performed really well .
It ’s speedy and there were n’t any hiccups unlike some other Android devices we ’ve fooled around with .
The dialpad is pretty standard and if you ’ve used an Android device , you should be right at home as this is a straight Google affair after all .
Google Voice obviously works flawlessly ( we ’re not sure why it would n’t , unless you ’re talking about the animal sacrifices Verizon makes to disable GPS on the phone … ) and the phone application is quick !
That ’s probably what we love most about it … number dialed .
Call connected .
Have a nice day .
OS :
Ah , Android 2.0 .
We ’ve detailed it quite a bit , but we can definitely explore it a little more for you …
I personally never liked Android 1.0 .
Well , that ’s not true completely .
I liked it , but I just did n’t see it being the OS we expected .
It was n’t polished , it was n’t fluid , it offered very basic functionality — not a good way to start .
What has happened between Android 1.0 and 2.0 is that a lot of missing functionality has been added , the UI has been made a little bit more streamlined in some places , and it generally brings the OS up to speed with other mobile platforms .
Out of the box Exchange compatibility is our absolutely favorite new feature , but we ’re sure people will appreciate the new unified email Inbox , voice commands / search , a new Google Maps , better multimedia support , a new browser , and the list goes on and on .
Once you have a chance to use Android 2.0 on any device , whether it ’s HTC or Motorola or Samsung , we think you ’re going to love it .
Battery :
This might come as a shock to many , but the Motorola Droid has the best battery life out of any Android device we ’ve ever tested .
It completely smokes the Motorola CLIQ — obviously it ’s not constantly pushing as much data , but it ’s not even a fair comparison .
With push Exchange configured , Facebook , and a linked push Google account ( Gmail , contacts , etc. ) we had no problem lasting through a whole day of usage .
Bluetooth and Wi-Fi were disabled , but it ’s still a pretty amazing performer as far as the battery is concerned .
Yes , it has a user - replaceable battery , but it ’s probably good enough to be sealed up to be honest .
Motorola recently made a boo boo and let the Droid appear on their website , and official battery times are : 6.5 hrs of continuous usage ( phone + web + email + anything else , continually ) or around 270 hours of standby time .
Accessories :
There ’s a really cool accessory that we ’re told will be available at launch and it ’s a charging dock / multimedia station .
It turns your phone into an alarm clock / weather display / music player by using a magnet to control and launch the corresponding application .
We discovered that by putting the phone in our BlackBerry 9700 holster in a certain position , Car Home would launch .
We then moved the magnet and the multimedia mode launched , so we ’re guessing there ’s going to be some sort of car cradle / dock / thing that will be available as well in addition to the above station .
Conclusion :
You know how we roll at BGR , we do n’t hold anything back — if it ’s hot , it ’s hot .
If it ’s not , it ’s not , and we ’re not afraid to call it like it is .
The Motorola CLIQ was a pretty big disappointment for me personally , but oh man does the Droid make up for it .
Sure , there ’s a little hype sprinkled in because this is the first Android 2.0 device I ’ve had the pleasure of using , but once you move past the initial “ wow ” factor , the Droid really delivers .
Whether it ’s Verizon ’s ad campaign or Motorola ’s that pits the Droid against the iPhone it does n’t matter .
The Droid is n’t an iPhone competitor because nothing at this point in time is an iPhone competitor besides the new iPhone .
And things do n’t have to be right now .
Everyone can eat .
So will the Motorola Droid be successful ?
Absolutely , we think .
It will eat in to BlackBerry sales , Windows Mobile sales , and positively murder any lingering Palm Pre sales .
It ’s that good .
Did you notice how Verizon still has n’t announced the BlackBerry Storm2 ?
We really enjoyed using the Motorola Droid and think you ’re going to love it .
It ’s not as straight forward as an iPhone and a little more involved than a BlackBerry , but if you ’re up for the challenge , so is the Droid .
There are a couple more comparison shots below !
After a three - year wait , F1 fans finally have an official Formula 1 game .
New licence - holders Codemasters have produced a game based on the 2009 season for the Sony PSP and Nintendo Wii , while a 2010 game is under development for the more sophisticated PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 platforms .
It ’s fair to say most F1 Fanatic readers have been clamouring for a simulator in the Geoff Crammond mould .
But the PSP and Wii offering is clearly aimed at more casual gamers – it ’s an arcade - style title which owes a lot to its Sony - produced predecessors .
2009 season data
As you ’d expect from an officially - licensed title , all ten teams are present and correct with the 20 drivers they started the season with .
Romain Grosjean , Luca Badoer , Jaime Alguersuari , Vitantonio Liuzzi and Kamui Kobayashi are n’t available to select .
You get all 17 tracks as well and I took the first opportunity to dive into the acid test of any F1 game – Monaco .
It ’s the most recognisable F1 track in the world , and the large amount of street furniture can make it difficult to render properly .
Codemasters have done a decent job of it – they have n’t gone down the path of making the circuit far wider than it is , as a sop to challenge - averse gamers .
But the lack of collision damage on the basic setting means you can ricochet around the principality and still win comfortably .
Another tricky challenge for the designers was simulating the new Yas Island circuit before the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix had even happened .
Here they ’ve done less well – there ’s a lot more grass in the game than there is in real life .
Although they have put in the underground pit exit and the hotel straddling the circuit is there too , the mid-race sunset does n’t happen – the entire race runs in daylight .
The representations of the tracks are generally good with most of the major track - side scenery in place .
The circuits are all up - to - date but some of them feel a bit flat – particularly Spa .
Of the two main technical innovations to appear in 2009 – KERS and adjustable wings – only one is present .
Every car has a KERS ( whereas only McLaren , Ferrari , BMW and Renault actually raced them ) and you get a limited number of jabs per race .
The adjustable front wing is not simulated , but given how little we heard about the technology in 2009 it hardly seems worth grumbling about .
On the whole it ’s a largely faithful recreation of the 2009 championship .
The teams and drivers perform broadly in line with their overall position in the championship standings , but without the kind of extreme fluctuations shown by Force India at Belgium , McLaren at Hungary , or Toyota at Monaco , for example .
Pick - up- and - play
As you ’d expect practice sessions , knockout qualifying and full race distances available .
As well as the usual career , championship and single race modes there ’s also a ‘ challenge ’ option where you have to complete a certain task .
This can be setting a fast lap , winning a particular race or overtaking a driver without making contact .
As you complete challenges and win races you unlock new parts of the game .
For an arcade game the set - up options have a surprising amount of detail – you can tweak wing angles , gear ratios , suspension and tyre settings and much more , and you can usually suss the difference it ’s made to the car ’s handling .
But the handling model is very basic , which it has to be given the limitations of the PSP ’s all - button control system .
Getting the car around the track quickly requires a delicate and rapid touch on the buttons .
As you ’d expect , the onus is on pick - up - and - play simplicity , not realism .
It does make for a fine multi-player experience , with up to four players able to race at the same time .
Racing the computer - controlled opponents is much more formulaic , They cling to the racing line and barge you out of the way without mercy if you dare occupy the square of tarmac they ’re heading for ( make your Michael Schumacher jokes in the comments ) .
You can happily charge past ten of them at a hairpin while they queue up to go around it , and it ’s hard to get overtaken if you do n’t crash .
“ F1 2009 ” offers little in the way of killer new features that make it stand out from the game it replaced , other than that it ’s more up - to - date .
It ’s hard to escape the feeling it ’s something of a stopgap product for the ‘ popular ’ end of the market and we ’ll only see what Codemasters can really do with the F1 franchise when F1 2010 comes out for the PS3 and Xbox 360 next year .
But while hardcore gamers wait for the more mature title to come along , less demanding players will find a lot of fun to be had from “ F1 2009 ” .
If you ’ve ordered “ F1 2009 ” , or are planning to , tell us what you think of the new F1 game in the comments .
“ F1 2009 ” is also available for Nintendo Wii , and I ’ll be trying that version of the game soon .
F1 Fanatic rating
Buy F1 2009 for the Sony PSP
Buy F1 2009 for the Nintendo Wii
F1 2009 by Codemasters – pictures
F1 2009 by Codemasters – videos
F1 2009 by Codemasters
F1 Fanatic earns a commission on products sold via the links to our affiliate partners above , however you are not charged any extra .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Two passenger trains have collided near the city of Mathura in northern India , killing at least 22 people .
One of the trains , the Mewar Express , was stopped at a red signal when the Goa Express rammed into it from behind , a railway official said .
Rescuers used gas cutters to enter the train .
About 22 people were injured and taken to hospital .
Officials say the rescue operation is now over and all the passengers have been accounted for .
' Massive jolt '
The crash took place just before 5 am local time ( 2330 GMT ) .
" The Goa Express train rammed into the Mewar Express train from behind , this is the situation .
A coach of the Mewar Express was damaged , whereas , there has been damage in the pantry car of the Goa Express , " the Reuters news agency quoted railway official RD Tripathi as saying .
" We felt a massive jolt , " Ramesh Charan , a passenger aboard the Mewar Express , told Reuters .
" Some people sleeping on upper berths fell to the coach floor by the impact of the collision , " he said .
Army teams joined civil authorities to carry on rescue operations at the site of the collision .
Railways Minister Mamata Bannerji has announced an inquiry into the collision .
A railway spokesman told the BBC that buses and a relief train had been arranged to bring the rescued passengers to the capital , Delhi .
The state - owned Indian railways form an immense network connecting every corner of the vast country .
It operates 9,000 passenger trains and carries 18 million passengers every day .
The rate at which we use up stuff is commonly represented in the famous IPAT equation developed by Paul Ehrlich and John Holdren .
Simplified , it states that human impact = per capita consumption X population .
It does n’t take a mathematical genius to figure out from this equation that perpetual increase in either consumption or population would require a like decrease in the other in order to avoid increasing human impact on our ecosystems and resource base .
Or maybe it does .
Because all too often we do ignore population ’s role in the equation .
It ’s not politically correct to suggest humankind and the world we live in would benefit greatly from stabilizing or even reducing our total population .
We will do anything to avoid addressing that subject .
We ’ll flush our toilets every other day , breathe toxic air , destroy fisheries , and take our chances with nuclear power or " clean " coal .
We ’ll pour millions of dollars into efforts to restore rivers and streams , protect endangered species , or develop alternative energy sources .
But we wo n’t even spread the word that voluntarily limiting family size would be a prudent and effective way to move toward sustainable equilibrium .
That is a shame .
It is telling that in his World Population Day message , UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon does not call for worldwide education about limiting family size .
No , the politically correct thing to do is skirt the issue and call for opportunity , equality and reproductive health for women .
Granted , these have proven to be important factors in reducing fertility rates .
But I have to wonder , why ca n’t we also talk about making responsible decisions about family size ?
London Mayor Boris Johnson captured this dilemma succinctly in Global over - population is the real issue , a commentary published in The Daily Telegraph in October of 2007 ( before he was elected mayor ) .
A few highlights :
... that single biggest challenge is not global warming .
That is a secondary challenge .
The primary challenge facing our species is the reproduction of our species itself .
The UN last year revised its forecasts upwards , predicting that there will be 9.2 billion people by 2050 , and I simply cannot understand why no one discusses this impending calamity , and why no world statesmen have the guts to treat the issue with the seriousness it deserves .
This commentary was so incisive it earned Johnson a Global Media Award last year from The Population Institute .
How the hell can we witter on about tackling global warming , and reducing consumption , when we are continuing to add so relentlessly to the number of consumers ?
The answer is politics , and political cowardice .
It ’s interesting at the G8 Summit this week , leaders fretted and prattled on about staving off climate change , but lacked the courage and resolve to worry less about economic growth and more about whether there will even be an economy in the face of this century ’s predicted climate disruption .
Did they dare to discuss population growth ?
Back to Boris Johnson ’s 2007 commentary :
... humanity bleats about the destruction of the environment , and yet there is not a peep in any communiqué from any summit of the EU , G8 or UN about the population growth that is causing that destruction .
In our own communities , local governments routinely issue warnings about the need to build more freeways , expand mass transit , alter land use practices , build more dams and power plants , and no doubt raise taxes , in an effort to accommodate projected population growth .
We are always accommodating it .
In many , many cases we are actually encouraging and incentivizing it .
Never willing to do anything about it .
This year , on July 11 , World Population Day , let ’s resolve to talk about global overpopulation more often .
Let ’s begin to recognize that our communities , our states , and even our nations , often have policies which incent population growth .
Let ’s take population growth out of the closet , so all these entities can begin to move toward sustainable population policies that aim for stable , if not declining , populations .
Dave Gardner is producing the documentary , Hooked on Growth : Our Misguided Quest for Prosperity , which examines the addictions and myths we must leave behind in order to become a sustainable civilization .
Join the global network of fans and supporters at www.growthbusters.com
By Bettina Fimio
There is something about autumn leaves and crisp air that makes me want to curl up in front of a fire with savory foods and spend evenings with my family .
But with all the fun activities that fall brings , who wants to be stuck in a kitchen for hours on end ?
This is an easy one pot roast beef recipe that is full of color and incorporates seasonal root vegetables that I think is the perfect end to an active day .
We love how the saltiness of the bacon counterpoints the sweetness of the roasted beets .
Bacon Wrapped Roast Beef with Root Vegetables
Serves : 6
Prep time : 20 minutes
Cooking time : 1 hour , 15 minutes
What You Need :
3 lbs roast beef ( boneless )
6 strips low sodium bacon slices
4 medium red potatoes , chopped coarsely
4 medium red beets , peeled and chopped coarsely
3 medium parsnips , peeled and chopped coarsely
1 medium yellow onion , chopped coarsely
4 cloves garlic , whole
1 can chopped tomatoes
2 tsp rosemary
2 tsp fresh ground black pepper
2 bay leaves
1½ tbsp Italian seasoning blend
1 tsp salt
What You Need To Do :
Preheat oven to 350 °F .
Place roast in large roasting pan , sprinkle with rosemary and drape with bacon slices .
Place bay leaves and garlic in the bottom of the pan and top with the potatoes , beets , parsnips and onion .
Sprinkle pepper , Italian seasoning and salt throughout .
Open can of chopped tomatoes over the vegetables only and distribute evenly .
Bake covered for 30 minutes .
Remove pan from oven and stir the vegetables to ensure that they remain moist .
Bake uncovered for 45 minutes or until the internal temperature of the roast reaches 150 °F for medium rare or 160 °F for medium .
Remove roast from pan and let sit for 15 minutes to let juices redistribute .
Remove bay leaves , stir vegetables again and cover until ready to serve .
Slice roast finely and spoon the vegetables juices over the roast once plated .
Enjoy !
After you have made and enjoyed this delicious dish , let us know what you thought of it !
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pocket
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
That seems to be the only argument for the Stupak amendment and why people support it .
" Federal taxpayer dollars should n't be used for things people are morally against . "
Well , a lot of us are morally against war , and yet we 're paying for two of them .
I 'm morally against a lot of things Republicans stand for , and yet we 're still paying their salaries .
I 'm morally against some of the rulings coming out of the Supreme Court , and yet we 're paying the salaries of the 5 ( or more ) on that side until they die .
I 'm morally against what some of the Blue Dogs do , and yet we 're paying for their salaries .
Since when do people get to pick and choose what the federal government does and does not pay for ?
I 'm in Ohio , my tax dollars help fund executions , and I 'm very much morally opposed to that .
If the government did n't pay for everything that someone was morally opposed to , they 'd never pay for anything .
We absolutely love RPGs here at Elder - Geek .
Thanks to the massive delay in Alpha Protocol ‘s release , you may be getting the itch to play even more quality RPGs .
After all , Dragon ’s
Age will only tide you over for a little while .
Here they are again in no particular order : Ten More RPGs That Are Still Worth Buying … And Playing .
Planescape : Torment ( PC )
Following the success of Fallout and Fallout 2 and using a modified version of Bioware ’s Infinity Engine from Baldur ’s Gate , Black Isle developed and Interplay published Planescape : Torment in December of 1999 .
The game was a massive hit among critics and gamers and has been hailed as being one of the best RPG ’s ever created , but at the time of its release , it fell short in terms of sales .
Putting you in control of the Nameless One , a comparatively evil character considering the standard protagonist of many RPG ’s , you were allowed to shape his journey as you saw fit .
One of the many innovations was the fact that your character was immortal and had led past lives .
Upon dying , you ’d be resurrected but some character in the world would perish , leaving his spirit to seek revenge upon you .
Remembering a past life would yield new insight into the plot and new skills .
If there ever was a more underrated and underplayed RPG , it is Planescape : Torment .
Unfortunately , copies are quite rare and unlike many of its contemporaries , it has not seen a reissue in the decade since its original release .
Seiken Densetsu 3 ( Super Famicom )
Once upon a time , developer Squaresoft ( now Square Enix ) had the Midas touch .
Seiken Densetsu 3 ( “ The Legend of the Holy Sword 3 ″ ) is considered by many to be superior to its predecessor , Secret of Mana ( known as Seiken Densetsu 2 in Japan ) .
The story was lengthy but rewarding .
It also gave players a huge range of classes to modify the six main characters as the game progressed .
Sadly , the third title in the Mana series was never localized .
Featuring a similar real - time battle system with multiplayer capabilities and the ‘ ring ’ inventory system , Seiken Densetsu 3 also had a time progression element where certain skills and abilities would be enhanced at different times .
The game was met with excellent reviews and in 2000 , a fan translation of the ROM into English was released on the internet .
So there ’s no excuse not to play it .
Lord of the Rings : The Third Age ( PlayStation 2 , Xbox , Game Cube )
The makers of this one definitely played some Final Fantasy X during dev time because the battle system is practically identical but that ’s not exactly a bad thing .
You play Berethor , a Gondorian soldier who , en route to meet Boromir in Rivendell , is attacked by Ringwraiths and promptly saved by a female elf named Idrial in true Arwenian fashion .
You ’re then guided through the events of the trilogy by cutscenes narrated by Gandalf the Grey , which will lead you to all of the hot spots seen in the movies and have you interact with all of the main characters .
The experience is best described as a voyeuristic ‘ behind - the - scenes ’ type venture that allows you to see the fellowship ’s journey from a slightly different perspective .
If you ’re in need of a Middle Earth fix and would care to sate your desire for a solid RPG at the same time , then look no further .
Baldur ’s Gate : Dark Alliance and Baldur ’s Gate : Dark Alliance II ( PlayStation 2 , Xbox , Game Cube )
Do not attempt to compare these two titles to their PC counterparts for to do so will result in immense disappointment .
Instead , treat them as a pair of standard hack ’n ’slash console RPG’s .
Both have relatively simplistic combat systems but both allow for a degree of customization .
The original has you beginning your quest in the heart of Baldur ’s Gate , allowing you to choose the Human Archer , Elf Mage , or Dwarf Fighter .
Each has a distinct play style and some unique quests , as well .
Upon completion , you can play through the game again on Extreme Mode by using one of your pre-existing characters and doing so will unlock the legendary drow elf , Drizzt Do’Urden ( you are not geeky enough unless you know this name and the fear it instills into the hearts of the wicked in the Forgotten Realms ) .
The game ends on a cliffhanger and the sequel picks up immediately afterwards .
In addition to bringing the overarching story to a close , Dark Alliance II gives you more playable characters , more side quests , and an item modification / creation system .
Both titles are excellent for console RPG ’s and if played with a friend , they ’re even more enjoyable .
Lufia and the Fortress of Doom and Lufia II : Rise of the Sinistrals ( Super Nintendo )
Imagine being an RPG on the SNES .
Now imagine being an RPG on the SNES that was n’t developed by Squaresoft .
Right about now you should be imagining Lufia and Lufia II , a pair of fantastic RPG ’s developed by Neverland and published by Taito ( Lufia ) and Natusme ( Lufia II ) .
This is one series that was forgotten pretty quickly , despite having sequels on the Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance and it ’s truly a shame because they were fantastic games .
In the first title , you play the hero on a quest to rid the world of evil with three fellow travelers , one of whom is the titular Lufia , your childhood friend and love interest .
It ’s not exactly the most original approach but there ’s a reason it ’s standard .
You ’ve got monsters , caves , prophecies , and kids with crazy colored hair .
The game takes place about a century after four warriors vanquished the evil Sinistrals .
And naturally , the Sinistrals are back , leaving four more warriors to vanquish them again .
The only design flaw I can detect playing it so many years later is the fact that if two characters target an enemy and the first one kills it , then that second one is gonna swing at the air .
Lufia
II puts you in the shoes of the original four warriors during the rise of the Sinistrals and is very similar .
Either way , both games are excellent and if you ever find copies for reasonable prices , get them .
Or if whoever owns the rights would give us a collection or at the very least a PSN version or PSP / DS remake , then that ’d be fantastic .
Shin Megami Tensei : Nocturne ( PlayStation 2 )
You might as well just put every Atlus RPG on this list because the sheer number of titles that they bring over from the land of the rising sun is baffling .
The most well known titles in the Shin Megami Tensei series are those in the Persona sub-series , which rose popularity with the release of Persona 3 , Persona 3 FES , Persona 4 , and Persona PSP .
Released in 2004 , Shin Megami Tensei : Nocturne , the third official title in the main Shin Megami Tensei series is definitely one of the best RPG ’s ever created .
But it ’s not for everyone .
Unless you ’re willing to invest at least 80 hours of your life in a philosophical storyline with an emphasis on the occult and demonic , then do n’t bother .
But if the heavy anime - style plots and characters of the Persona series are unappealing , then Nocturne is the perfect alternative .
And it ’s recently been reissued so you can find this brand new for $ 29.99 at many stores .
Final Fantasy V ( PlayStation , Gameboy Advance )
Yep , believe it or not , a Final Fantasy title qualifies for this list .
But not just any FF , Final Fantasy V was never localized and only saw a US release on the PlayStation Final Fantasy Anthology in 1999 ; a full seven years after its original release .
It was later ported to the Game Boy Advance alongside IV and VI .
The game has many standard elements of the series with 22 classes to choose from and the Active Time Battle system controlling the combat .
You ’ve got five playable characters with a four character party system , one of whom is the tomboyish Faris , who Yoshitaka Amano says is one of his favorite creations next to Terra from VI .
And while there have been waves of rumors about DS and PSP remakes of the game , if you really want to play it , Final Fantasy Anthologies is readily available brand new for under $ 20 and you get Final Fantasy VI with it as well so there ’s no reason not to .
Odin Sphere ( PlayStation 2 )
Sometimes described as a painting in motion , Vanillaware ’s 2007 PS2 RPG , Odin Sphere , is one of the most unique RPG ’s of its generation .
With the gameplay of a side - scroller and the advancement of a typical RPG , it ’s about as far away from turn based as you can get before going all - out action RPG .
Featuring an excellent storyline and gorgeous visuals , it ’s one of the many gems on the PS2 and definitely an RPG you might have missed .
For the original “ Ten RPGs Worth Playing … ” click here !
If you are British , or know a lot about Britain , you wo n’t be surprised by the misconceptions below .
However , you may be even MORE surprised to learn that in some places these things are believed !
If you believe all or any of these points , sorry , but you are mistaken – but fortunately listverse is here to correct things .
Here they are , in no particular order :
10 British Nation
Misconception : Britain is a country .
While “ Britain ” or “ Great Britain ” does refer to the general area , neither of them refers to a country .
Britain is a general term for Wales , Scotland and England collectively , while The British Isles also includes Ireland ( Northern and the Republic ) .
England is most often incorrectly named in this way , and English people are often referred to as “ British ” .
Northern Ireland is part of the “ United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ” which differentiates between the part of Ireland that is governed by England ( hence the suspension of the Northern Ireland government in 1972 and the Northern Ireland Assembly in 2002 ) from the Republic of Ireland which is a self - governing nation .
While calling an English person British is technically correct , it is quite unspecific in the same way that calling a Canadian person “ North American ” would be ; only Britain is not a continent .
9 Warm Beer
Misconception : British people drink beer warm or room temperature .
I myself have heard this said a number of times but I have yet to discover where it comes from .
Walking into a British bar and ordering a beer any way but cold would raise eyebrows just like everywhere else .
In fact , the most popular lager beers in Britain tend to be of the “ Extra Cold ” variety , and this applies to most bitter beers and ales too !
Nobody likes a warm beer , the British included .
Having said that , most Americans like their Beer super cold , so an English beer may appear to be warm in comparison , but it is still cold .
Chilling beer too much can damage its flavor .
8 The Book of British Smiles
Misconception : British people have bad teeth .
This one is commonly referred to in comedy shows poking fun at Britain , but is believed by many to be hard fact .
While a percentage , just like any other country , will suffer from dental problems , the standard of oral hygiene is generally very high .
In fact , the shortage of available NHS dentists is a constant issue in England .
Just like anywhere else in the world , a person with bad teeth is considered the slightly gross exception , not the rule in Britain .
7 God Save The Queen
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XL72ViXKS-k&hl=en&fs=1
Misconception : “ God Save The Queen ” is the National Anthem of England .
That ’s right , I said England , not Britain .
GSTQ is the national anthem of Britain , but not England itself .
Despite this , even English people will insist that the song is our national anthem .
This is not the case .
Wales has it ’s own national anthem , as do Scotland and Northern Ireland .
What sets England apart is not that its national anthem is applied to the whole of Britain too , but that it in fact does not even have an official national anthem at all !
So what happens when ( for example ) England plays against Scotland in a game of football ?
We ca n’t both use GSTQ for the opening , this is n’t a problem for Scotland who can bring out their own anthem , but England ’s choice will vary .
Common stand-ins for when GSTQ cannot be used ( for whatever reason ) are “ Land Of Hope And Glory ” , “ I Vow To Thee My Country ” or “ Jerusalem ” .
All of which are popular contenders for becoming the official anthem .
Sadly none of them are official , and neither is GSTQ , which is only official for Britain itself .
People may be interested to know that God Save The Queen is the official anthem of New Zealand which is one of the very countries in the world which has two anthems of equal status .
New Zealand ’s other anthem is God Defend New Zealand .
6 Absolute Power
Misconception : The Queen is the ruler of Britain .
Did I hear you say “ But she IS the ruler of England ! ” ?
Sorry , you ’re still wrong .
The monarchy has not had political power in Britain for a long time .
Each British country has it ’s own parliament and are ruled politically by their own Prime Minister .
While the monarchy does technically rule Britain , it does not have any power outside of ceremony .
The Queen does not have power in Britain any more than she does in Canada and other commonwealth countries .
All of these countries are technically “ ruled ” by the Queen , but she does not have power in any of them .
The British monarchy exists today mainly for ceremonial and tourist reasons .
5 How Now Brown Cow
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5afCwO8JxP4&hl=en&fs=1
Misconception : British people speak the “ Queen ’s English ” .
Or to use the more common term , British people talk “ posh ” .
Look at any representation of Britain from a foreign country and you will see British people speaking in a manner that is considered just as ridiculous to most of Britain .
We all know what that sounds like , if not , take a look at Fry ’s Holophonor tutor in Futurama .
Know what I mean ?
Then read on .
This may come from the way in which English is generally written in Britain .
It is always taught that you should write “ properly ” and use correct language in formal writing so that it is easier to understand when read .
Despite this , British people rarely speak the way they write , myself included .
In reality , Britain has a wide variety of accents , some even bordering on dialects , the majority of which do not sound remotely like how British speech is presented in foreign media .
To see some examples of this , I suggest watching some British television or British cinema .
( NOT the news !
Newsreaders are told to use Queens English so that they can be understood by all , this is even called “ BBC English ” ) .
Good examples are Trainspotting ( Scottish accent – in the clip above – warning : clip contains bad language and drug use ) , 28 Days Later ( Modern London and Manchester accents ) and Sweeny Todd ( Old London accent ) .
People who speak the way British people are commonly presented sound just as snooty and posh to British people .
4 Free Healthcare
Misconception : Britain has free universal healthcare .
Ahhh …
The good ol ’ NHS ( National Health Service ) !
Sadly , as is commonly unknown to people outside of Britain , the NHS is not free , nor will it cover any illness or injury .
The NHS is paid for through taxes and donations and will only provide certain approved services or treatments .
While it is true that emergency treatment is almost always free of charge , treatment for long - term illness or injury is almost always charged .
Certain drugs will be provided for certain illnesses , but if your illness or the drugs and treatment you require is not on the “ approved ” list .
You will not get it from the NHS .
This is always a controversial issue in Britain .
The NHS is also not available to non-British citizens except in the case of emergency .
Even then the emergency must have taken place within Britain .
3 Scottish Money
Misconception : Scottish money is legal tender in the rest of Britain .
If you have ever attempted to use Scottish pounds sterling in England , Wales or Northern Ireland , you will know that many places will not accept it .
Scottish pounds sterling are not legal tender in all of Britain , and shops in outside of Scotland are not legally obliged to accept it .
Banks outside of Scotland will accept it , but legally it is down to the manager ’s discretion whether or not to accept it in any other location .
What is the difference between Scottish pounds sterling and the pounds sterling used in the rest of Britain ?
Actually nothing .
Aside from how it looks .
So why do many places outside of Scotland refuse to accept it ?
The most common reasons are that either they are not commonly seen and so are not recognised , or due to the idea that its design and the fact that most people outside of Scotland rarely see it make it easy to forge .
It may be frustrating if you come from Scotland for a trip around Britain , but there really is nothing to say that shopkeepers have to accept Scottish money , no matter how much you insist .
2 Rain Rain Everywhere
Misconception :
It always rains in Britain .
When people think of Britain , we all tend to immediately think of bad weather .
We see rain clouds , storms and bitter wind .
General misery .
However , compared with many other parts of the world , Britain enjoys comparatively pleasant weather !
During the winter the average temperature can become bitterly cold ( between 0 and 6 degrees C ) , but the average summer temperature ranges between 15 and 23 degrees , often higher .
Britain ranks a comfortable 46th in a chart of worldwide average rainfall , falling well behind such countries as New Zealand ( 29th ) and even the USA ( 25th ) .
Why does Britain have a reputation for bad weather ?
Most likely because winters tend to be longer than summers in Britain , most artwork of Britain depicts the weather based on expectation and we all like to dwell on a period of bad weather , even if the weather is generally good .
1 British Tea
Misconception : British people drink excessive amounts of tea .
There are many ways of looking at which regions drink the most tea , but whichever way you look at it ; Britain is not the biggest tea - drinking region by a long way .
Taking population into account , Britain ranks somewhere around 3rd worldwide , falling well behind Turkey and India .
Depending on your source , China still sits above Britain in the tea - drinking league tables even when considering population .
Where does this notion come from ?
Well , it is true that Britain does drink a lot of tea , but it is far from the top .
Britain actually drinks almost as much coffee as it does tea .
This misconception may actually stem from a linguistic difference between us and other English speaking regions .
In most places , the evening meal is referred to as “ dinner ” or “ supper ” .
This is correct terminology in Britain too , but an evening meal is very often referred to as “ tea ” .
So when a British person invites you round for tea , they are inviting you for a meal , not to just sit and drink tea , which is how some people imagine the situation .
This is also true of the commonwealth nations , where “ come for tea ” usually means “ come for the main evening meal ” .
A British person will almost never invite you round solely to drink tea , although if you stop by it will commonly be offered .
Tea is most often drunk after a meal at dessert , or after strenuous activity as another option to coffee .
Bonus Fact : I am British , and I never drink tea , I do n’t like the taste .
This is n’t uncommon either !
A day after the chief of staff warned against an increasing threat from the north , Hezbollah bragged , " All cities , military bases , factories , and settlements in Israel are within the organization 's firing range . "
Hezbollah 's political bureau chief Mahmoud Qomati was responding to the statements made by IDF Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi in the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee on Tuesday .
Ashkenazi said that Hezbollah is armed with tens of thousands of missiles that can even reach Dimona .
" Some of them reach a range of 300 km ( about 185 miles ) , " he said .
According to the chief of staff , the missiles are ready for use .
" There is a paradox .
On the one hand , there is quiet , but when you raise your head over the fence , you see strengthening and arming .
If Hezbollah carries out an attack to avenge the death of Mughniyeh , this will obligate Israel to respond .
This can lead to deterioration . "
Qomati said Wednesday that if Israel attacks the Hezbollah stronghold in Beirut 's Dahiya neighborhood , the organization will respond with an all - out shelling of Tel Aviv .
Qomati dismissed Ashkenazi 's statements : " Ashkenazi 's threats are empty statements made in a bid to restore the initiative to his hands after the enemy 's defeat in Lebanon and Gaza . "
Qomati continued , " The enemy knows that any offensive initiated under the current conditions will ensure his total defeat , will change the balance of power in our favor , and will bring about the end of its entity .
For nearly a century the Federal Reserve has operated in the shadows , away from the prying eyes of Congress , journalists and the American people .
Created in 1913 , the Fed was given enormous responsibility to protect the value of our currency .
Yet in the last 96 years the U.S. dollar has lost more than 95 % of its purchasing power .
The Fed 's unprecedented actions over the past year in attempting to stabilize the financial system have now forced it into the spotlight , and caused millions of people around the country to question the opacity of the Fed 's financial transactions .
While ...
In 1990 , Bavarian actor Walter Sedlmayr was brutally murdered .
Two of his business associates were convicted , imprisoned for the crime , and recently paroled .
Who killed Sedlmayr ?
It 's a matter of public record , but if one of the men and his German law firm gets their way , Wikipedia ( and EFF ) will not be allowed to tell you .
A few days ago , the online encyclopedia received a cease and desist letter from one of the convicts — represented by the aptly named German law firm Stopp and Stopp — demanding that the perpetrator 's name be taken off of the Sedlmayr article page .
At issue is an apparent conflict between the U.S. First Amendment — which protects truthful speech — and German law — which seeks to protect the name and likenesses of private persons from unwanted publicity .
Sedlmayr 's murderer became a public figure when he and his accomplice were tried for brutally killing the well - known actor , and contemporary newspapers published his identity at that time .
Fifteen years later , according to his attorneys , German law views the killer as a private citizen again .
So , his lawyers have sued the German language Wikipedia , and threatened the English language version with the same , if they fail to censor the Sedlmayr article .
They 've also gone after an Austrian ISP that had published the names , and it looks like that case may head to the European Court of Justice .
Perhaps Germany wants to make it easier for defendants to reintegrate into society , and publicizing a man 's past crimes interferes with the effort .
After all , " he who controls the past , controls the future " .
But this slogan from Orwell 's Ministry of Truth is anathema under U.S. law , which takes it as an article of faith that people must be allowed to publish truthful information about historical events .
A foreign power should not be able to censor publications in the United States , regardless of whether doing so suits the country 's domestic law .
The current dispute is reminiscent of LICRA v. Yahoo ! , in which a French court ordered the American company to prevent access to its Nazi memorabilia auctions by French residents , then fined the company for failing to do so .
Yahoo !
sought and obtained a ruling in the U.S. that imposing the French law on the company would violate the First Amendment .
( The opinion was subsequently overturned for lack of personal jurisdiction over the French entities ) .
At stake is the integrity of history itself .
If all publications have to abide by the censorship laws of any and every jurisdiction just because they are accessible over the global internet , then we will not be able to believe what we read , whether about Falun Gong ( censored by China ) , the Thai king ( censored under lèse majesté ) or German murders .
Wikipedia appears ready to fight for write once , read anywhere history , and EFF will be watching this fight closely .
Oh , and by the way , the convicts were Wolfgang Werlé and his half - brother Manfred Lauber .
( SolveClimate )
Three leading scientists who on Tuesday released a report documenting the accelerating pace of climate change said the scandal that erupted last week over hacked emails from climate scientists is nothing more than a “ smear campaign ” aimed at sabotaging December climate talks in Copenhagen .
“ We ’re facing an effort by special interests who are trying to confuse the public , ” said Richard Somerville , Distinguished Professor Emeritus at Scripps Institution of Oceanography and a lead author of the UN IPCC Fourth Assessment Report .
Dissenters see action to slow global warming as “ a threat , ” he said .
The comments were made in a conference call for reporters .
The scientists — Somerville , Michael Mann of Penn State and Eric Steig of University of Washington — were supposed to be discussing their new report , the Copenhagen Diagnosis , a dismal update of the UN IPCC ’s 2007 climate data by 26 scientists from eight nations .
Instead they spent much of the time diffusing the hacker controversy , known in the media as “ Climate Gate . ”
The scandal began on November 20 , when an unknown hacker stole at least 169 megabytes of emails from computers at the prominent Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) of the University of East Anglia and put them online for the world to see .
CRU is considered one of the world ’s leading institutions concerned with human - caused global warming .
The leaked emails contain private correspondence on climate science dating back to 1996 .
Skeptics of global warming say these messages are filled with evidence of manipulated data from lead authors of the UN ’s highly influential IPCC reports .
U.S. Sen. James Inhofe ( R - Oklahoma , pictured here ) , a climate skeptic , said he would launch an inquiry into UN climate change research in response .
In an interview with the Washington Times radio show , Inhofe explained the investigation would look into “ the way cooked the science to make this thing look as if the science was settled , when all the time of course we knew it was not . ”
CRU Vice - Chancellor of Research Trevor Davies responded in an official statement :
“ There is nothing in the stolen material which indicates that peer - reviewed publications by CRU , and others , on the nature of global warming and related climate change are not of the highest - quality of scientific investigation and interpretation . ”
Michael Mann , co-author of the Copenhagen Diagnosis and lead author of the UN IPCC Third Assessment Report , blamed skeptics for taking the personal emails out of context .
“ What they ’ve done is search through stolen personal emails — confidential between colleagues who often speak in a language they understand and is often foreign to the outside world .
Suddenly , all these are subject to cherry picking , ” he said .
They ’ve turned “ something innocent into something nefarious , ” Mann added .
The vital point being left out , he said , is that “ regardless of how cherry - picked , ” there is “ absolutely nothing in any of the emails that calls into the question the deep level of consensus of climate change . ”
This is a “ smear campaign to distract the public , ” said Mann .
“ Those opposed to climate action , simply do n’t have the science on their side , ” he added .
Professor Davies called the stolen data “ the latest example of a sustained and , in some instances , a vexatious campaign ” designed “ to distract from reasoned debate ” about urgent action governments must take to reverse climate change .
According to Somerville , the comments in the emails “ have nothing to do with the scientific case ” for climate change .
It is “ desperate ” to launch this right before Copenhagen , Eric Steig , co-author of the Copenhagen Diagnosis , said on the call .
Sen .
Inhofe , meanwhile , lauded the timing of the incident .
“ The interesting part of this is it ’s happening right before Copenhagen .
And , so , the timing could n’t be better .
Whoever is on the ball in Great Britain , their timing was good , ” he said .
Science Can’t Silence Skeptics , Still
The fallout from the scandal is putting some of the world ’s leading climate scientists on the defensive and underlining the influence of skeptics , even as the case for human - caused warming gets stronger .
According to the Copenhagen Diagnosis report , climate change has rapidly accelerated beyond all previous predictions and humans are to blame .
The findings are a synthesis of 200 peer - reviewed papers that continued to pour in from all over the world after the UN IPCC issued its 2007 analysis .
Somerville described the report as an “ authoritative assessment ” of the newest climate change data .
The results reveal that global warming emissions in 2008 were nearly 40 percent higher than those in 1990 .
Further , sea level rise is 80 percent above past IPCC predictions .
If 2 degree Celsius warming is to be avoided — the point at which catastrophic damage is predicted to occur — fossil fuel emissions must peak between 2015 and 2020 , “ and then decline rapidly , ” the authors warn .
“ There ’s an urgency to this that is not politically or ideological driven , ” said Somerville .
This is “ objective scientific reality , ” he added , and we ’re “ running out of time , ” to stop the problem .
In a statement released on Tuesday , three of the UK ’s leading science organizations — the Met Office , the Natural Environment Research Council and the Royal Society — issued an unusually strong statement in advance of Copenhagen .
They wrote :
The scientific evidence which underpins calls for action at Copenhagen is very strong .
Without co-ordinated international action on greenhouse gas emissions , the impacts on climate and civilization could be severe .
When should a fighter call it a day ?
It ’s a question that has no definitive answer .
There is no official retirement age , no set of guidelines in place , and so each competitor must arrive at their own decision when they feel the time is right .
For some it will become apparent after a losing streak .
Some may give in to the pleas of family and friends after receiving one too many knockouts and others will only finally call it a day as the aches , pains and injuries of a lifetime of combat take their toll .
Of course most mixed martial artists are born fighters with an in - built desire to compete that is not easily switched off .
It ’s in their nature to battle on against the odds , and so many continue to fight long after the writing is on the wall .
In the first of a two part article we look at some of the most dominant champions and former champions of the UFC ’s old guard and assess who still has something to offer , and who would be wise to hang up their gloves and enjoy their retirement .
—
Randy Couture ( 16 - 10 ) – Age : 46 – 3 Time Heavyweight Champion / 2
Time light heavyweight Champion
The Quintessential veteran competitor , Randy Couture has redefined the age at which MMA fighters are considered able to compete at the highest level .
Couture did n’t start his MMA career until the age of 34 , emerging as the winner of UFC 13 ’s heavyweight tournament in only his second fight .
He lost the heavyweight title last year at the age of 45 , and won ‘ Fight Of The Night ’ for his last performance against Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira in September .
Despite losing in his last two outings , Couture still appears to be in remarkable physical condition for his age , and his three round war with Nogueira proved he still has the stamina and skills to compete against the best in the business .
How long his body can hold out no one can say for sure .
It is , he acknowledges himself , a case of taking it one fight at a time .
Couture recently signed a new 6 fight deal spread over 28 months – he will be 48 if he sees it through until the end .
Verdict :
If his time in the octagon has taught us anything , it ’s that it ’s never wise to count out ‘ The Natural ’ .
As one of the sports star names Couture is likely to continue to face the top names the UFC has to offer and , if reverts back to the skills that have brought him the most success in the past , namely his wrestling and dirty boxing skills , he can still pose a threat to whoever he faces .
—
Mark Coleman ( 16 - 9 ) – Age : 44 – 1st Heavyweight Champion / 2 time Heavyweight Tournament Champion ( UFC 10 , UFC 11 )
The godfather of ground and pound Mark Coleman is the second oldest fighter currently on the UFC ’s books .
Whilst his physique is still impressive at 44 years of age , time and injuries have clearly taken a toll on one of the UFC ’s early stars .
His two fights in the octagon since returning after a 10 year absence have certainly shown courage but there is no disguising the slowed movement and lack of stamina that have become features of the former champions game .
There is also an uncomfortable air of desperation when he fights that no doubt stems from the knowledge that one more loss on his record could spell the end of his career .
The news that he has torn his ACL again , forcing him to cancel his upcoming fight with Tito Ortiz is a major set back for the former olympic wrestler who has been prone to injury in the past and again casts doubt over his long term future in the UFC .
Verdict : A champion back in the days when the sport was far less lucrative , Coleman is clearly hoping to reap the rewards as the sport now flourishes .
Time is against him however and though his heart and determination ca n’t be questioned , Coleman ’s career appears to be on borrowed time .
His victory at UFC 100 may prove to be a fitting last hurrah for a fighter who will have a permanent place in the UFC record books .
—
Chuck Liddell ( 21 - 7 ) – Age : 39 – 5 time Light Heavyweight champion
As we discussed last week in an article about the UFC ’s greatest ever knockout specialists , Chuck Liddell knows more than a thing or two about sending his opponents to sleep .
Unfortunately for the former Light Heavyweight champ in his recent fights he ’s become better known for taking a nap on the canvas himself .
Like Randy Couture , Liddell has been with the UFC since the early fights of his mixed martial arts career and has become one of the most successful fighters in the history of the sport .
Not everyone is fortunate enough to have Couture ’s age - defying genetics however , and Liddell ’s reputation for partying as hard as he fights was inevitably going to take it ’s toll .
As ‘ The Iceman ’s ’ reactions have slowed , so have his number of winning trips to the octagon .
In his past five fights he holds only one victory ( against another ageing warrior , Wanderlei Silva ) having won 15 out of his previous 17 UFC fights .
In his defense those losses have come at the hands of quality opposition such as Quinton ‘ Rampage ’ Jackson , Rashad Evans and Mauricio ‘ Shogun ’ Rua .
Despite this it is evident to most fans that Liddell is not the fighter he once was , and even long time friend Dana White has witnessed the decline first hand has used his influence to put pressure on the star to hang up his gloves after his last fight .
Liddell himself has indicated that he may not be ready to retire just yet , and after an extended hiatus that includes a stint on ‘ Dancing With The Stars ’ it seems likely that he will return to the octagon .
Verdict :
With slowed reactions and a weakened chin Liddell ’s days at the top level would appear to be all but over , though his knockout power is still a threat .
Whilst retirement would be a wise choice for his future health , it is unlikely that this natural born fighter will be ready to call time on his career just yet and a money spinning showdown with Kimbo Slice may emerge sometime in 2010 – and that ’s a fight Liddell can win .
—
Anderson Silva ( 25 - 4 ) – Age : 35 – 6 Time Middleweight Champion
There is no question that Anderson Silva is one of the pound for pound greats in Mixed Martial Arts .
his record in the UFC is second - to - none having won all 10 of his fights to date in the organization .
Not only that but at times he appears to make experienced , battle - hardened fighters look like white belted youngsters being humbled on their first day at the dojo .
As well as being a dangerous striker Silva also has excellent movement and defensive skill which has ensured that he has emerged largely unscathed from his battles in the octagon thus far which only benefits the longevity of his career .
At this stage the biggest threat to Anderson Silva ’s continued success is himself .
Last year he announced his desire to retire saying “ I already gave my all .
I do n’t need to prove anything for anyone and within one year I ’ll put my gloves aside . ”
Though other fighters in his weight class may have breathed a sigh of relief at his comment , the news was met with wide - spread disappointment that the sport may be deprived of one of it ’s greatest talents seemingly still in the prime of his career .
All may not be lost however as a new quote from the fighter last week suggests that he is now having second thoughts about retiring , and having recently expressed interest in again stepping up to light heavyweight and even heavyweight , the chances of seeing Silva compete at the highest level beyond the remaining three fights on his contract look increasingly promising .
Verdict : Silva is a perfect example of the phrase “ improving with age ” .
There are many challenges still out their for him and retirement at this stage would be a waste of one of the sports greatest talents .
Of all the fighters on this list , Silva is unquestionably the most likely to find continued success should he choose to fight on .
—
Matt Hughes ( 44 - 7 ) – Age:35 – 8 Time Welterweight Champion
The UFC ’s most dominant champion of all time , Matt Hughes successfully defended the Welterweight belt seven times .
He has also went six wins without defeat on two separate occasions inside the octagon .
In recent times that winning form has been harder to come by .
He has lost three of his last five fights , a black mark on Hughes otherwise impressive resume .
His last two wins against Chris Lytle back in 2007 at UFC 68 , and most recently against Matt Serra at UFC 98 , were also noticeably less dominant than we had come to expect from the future hall - of - famer .
Alongside a dip in form , doubts over Hughes own desire to compete at the highest level have also been raised .
After his second defeat to GSP at the end of 2007 he hinted at a possible retirement .
That never materialized however and citing an apparent desire to continue fighting after claiming victory over Matt Serra , Hughes has now signed a new multi- fight deal with the UFC .
Despite this the welterweight divisions young guns clearly smell blood now though and a succession of fighters including Mike Swick , Josh Koscheck and most recently Paul Daley have all called out the former champion in recent times .
Verdict :
Once an unstoppable force in the welterweight division , Hughes would now appear to be best suited as a gatekeeper for the divisions up and coming stars .
It is unlikely to be a role that will satisfy such a decorated fighter for long and it would not be unexpected if he calls time on his career before his current contract ends .
—
Tito Ortiz ( 16 - 6 -1 ) – Age : 34 – 6 Time light Heavyweight Champion
Another dominant champion in his heyday Tito Ortiz last three appearances in the octagon amount to two defeats and a draw .
Ortiz however points to the caliber of his last two opponents ( Lyoto Machida and Rashad Evans , the last two holders of the light heavweight belt ) , and the fact he took them both to a decision as proof that he can still compete with the best the UFC has to offer .
He also cites a long term back problem which he has since had surgery on , as a hindrance in his past fights that will no longer impede him .
It is however worth noting that during his run as the light heavyweight champion his challengers included less than stellar opposition such as Yuki Kondo ( 1 - 2 in the UFC ) , Elvis Sinosic ( 1 - 6 in the octagon ) and Ken Shamrock ( 0 - 4 in his last 4 fights for the promotion ) .
At the same time his losses in the UFC to other champions like Randy Couture , Chuck Liddell and Lyoto Machida suggest that Ortiz may struggle to regain his grip on the light heavyweight belt at this stage in his career .
Verdict : Ortiz ’ long - term future will remain somewhat of a mystery until he gets back into the cage when questions about the success of his back operation and what affect ring rust will play after 18 months out of the game can be answered .
If he is 100 % healthy then there should be big fights in his future , but having come up short in the past against the very best in the division another title reign at this stage seems unlikely .
—
Stay tuned for Part 2 of our guide when we ’ll move on from the dominant champions to assess the future prospects of some other former champions , title contenders and legends of the sport who are entering the twilight of their careers .
—
Roger Phaedo had not spoken to anyone for ten years .
He confined himself to his Brooklyn apartment , obsessively translating and retranslating the same short passage from Rousseau ’s “ Confessions . ”
A decade earlier , a mobster named Charlie Dark had attacked Phaedo and his wife .
Phaedo was beaten to within an inch of his life ;
Mary was set on fire , and survived just five days in the I.C.U .
By day , Phaedo translated ; at night , he worked on a novel about Charlie Dark , who was never convicted .
Then Phaedo drank himself senseless with Scotch .
He drank to drown his sorrows , to dull his senses , to forget himself .
The phone rang , but he never answered it .
Sometimes , Holly Steiner , an attractive woman across the hall , would silently enter his bedroom , and expertly rouse him from his stupor .
At other times , he made use of the services of Aleesha , a local hooker .
Aleesha ’s eyes were too hard , too cynical , and they bore the look of someone who had already seen too much .
Despite that , Aleesha had an uncanny resemblance to Holly , as if she were Holly ’s double .
And it was Aleesha who brought Roger Phaedo back from the darkness .
One afternoon , wandering naked through Phaedo ’s apartment , she came upon two enormous manuscripts , neatly stacked .
One was the Rousseau translation , each page covered with almost identical words ; the other , the novel about Charlie Dark .
She started leafing through the novel .
“ Charlie Dark ! ” she exclaimed .
“ I knew Charlie Dark !
He was one tough cookie .
That bastard was in the Paul Auster gang .
I ’d love to read this book , baby , but I ’m always too lazy to read long books .
Why do n’t you read it to me ? ”
And that is how the ten - year silence was broken .
Phaedo decided to please Aleesha .
He sat down , and started reading the opening paragraph of his novel , the novel you have just read .
For all the postmodern maneuvers , Auster is the least ironic of contemporary writers .
Illustration by AndrÉ Carrilho
Yes , that précis is a parody of Paul Auster ’s fiction , l ’eau d’Auster in a sardonic sac .
It is unfair , but diligently so , checking off most of his work ’s familiar features .
A protagonist , nearly always male , often a writer or an intellectual , lives monkishly , coddling a loss — a deceased or divorced wife , dead children , a missing brother .
Violent accidents perforate the narratives , both as a means of insisting on the contingency of existence and as a means of keeping the reader reading — a woman drawn and quartered in a German concentration camp , a man beheaded in Iraq , a woman severely beaten by a man with whom she is about to have sex , a boy kept in a darkened room for nine years and periodically beaten , a woman accidentally shot in the eye , and so on .
The narratives conduct themselves like realistic stories , except for a slight lack of conviction and a general B - movie atmosphere .
People say things like “ You ’re one tough cookie , kid , ” or “ My pussy ’s not for sale , ” or “ It ’s an old story , pal .
You let your dick do your thinking for you , and that ’s what happens . ”
A visiting text — Chateaubriand , Rousseau , Hawthorne , Poe , Beckett — is elegantly slid into the host book .
There are doubles , alter egos , doppelgängers , and appearances by a character named Paul Auster .
At the end of the story , the hints that have been scattered like mouse droppings lead us to the postmodern hole in the book where the rodent got in : the revelation that some or all of what we have been reading has probably been imagined by the protagonist .
Hey , Roger Phaedo invented Charlie Dark !
It was all in his head .
Paul Auster ’s latest book , “ Invisible ” ( Holt ; $ 25 ) , though it has charm and vitality in places , conforms to the Auster model .
It is 1967 .
Adam Walker , a young poet studying literature at Columbia , mourns the loss of his brother , Andy , who drowned in a lake ten years before the novel opens .
At a party , Adam meets the flamboyant and sinister Rudolf Born , Swiss by birth , of German - speaking and French - speaking parentage .
Born is a visiting professor , teaching the history of French colonial wars , about which he appears to have decided views .
“ War is the purest , most vivid expression of the human soul , ” he tells a startled Adam .
He tries to get Adam to sleep with his girlfriend .
Later , we learn that he has worked clandestinely for the French government , and may even be a double agent .
Perhaps because Rudolf Born is so obviously a figure from spy movies — Auster could have called his novel “ The Born Supremacy ” — he never sounds remotely like the person he ’s supposed to be , a fastidious and well - educated French - speaking European of the nineteen - sixties .
He says things like “ Your ass will be so cooked , you wo n’t be able to sit down again for the rest of your life , ” or “ We ’re still working on the stew ” ( about a lamb navarin ) , or “ All I have to do is pull it out of my pants , piss on the fire , and the problem is solved . ”
He takes an immediate interest in Adam , and gives him money to set up a literary magazine .
“ I see something in you , Walker , something I like , ” he says , sounding oddly like Burt Lancaster in “ Local Hero , ” “ and for some inexplicable reason I find myself willing to take a gamble on you . ”
For “ some inexplicable reason , ” indeed : Auster anxiously confesses his own creative lack .
This being an Auster novel , accidents visit the narrative like automobiles falling from the sky .
One evening , while walking along Riverside Drive , Born and Walker are held up by a young black man , Cedric Williams .
“ The gun was pointed at us , and just like that , with a single tick of the clock , the entire universe had changed ” is Walker ’s banal gloss .
Born refuses to hand over his wallet , draws a switchblade , and ruthlessly stabs the young man ( whose gun , it turns out , was unloaded ) .
Walker knows that he should call the police , but the next day Born sends a threatening letter : “ Not a word , Walker .
Remember : I still have the knife , and I ’m not afraid to use it . ”
Full of shame , Walker goes to the authorities , but Born has left for Paris .
One might tolerate the corny Born , and his cinemaspeak , if Adam Walker , who narrates much of the novel in one way or another , were not himself such a bland and slack writer .
He is supposed to be a dreamy young poet , but he ’s half in love with easeful cliché .
Born “ was just thirty - six , but already he was a burnt - out soul , a shattered wreck of a person , ” we ’re told .
Adam has an affair with Born ’s girlfriend , but “ deep down I knew it was finished . ”
Born was “ deep in his cups by the time he poured the cognac . ”
“ Why ?
I said , still reeling from the impact of Born ’s astounding recitation about my family . ”
Although there are things to admire in Auster ’s fiction , the prose is never one of them .
( Most of the secondhand cadences in my parody — about drinking to drown his sorrows , or the prostitute ’s eyes being too hard and having seen too much — are taken verbatim from Auster ’s previous work . )
“ Leviathan ” ( 1992 ) , for instance , is supposedly narrated by an American novelist , a stand - in for Paul Auster named Peter Aaron , who tells us about the doomed life of another writer , Benjamin Sachs .
But Peter Aaron ca n’t be much of a writer .
He describes Benjamin Sachs ’s first novel like this : “ It ’s a whirlwind performance , a marathon sprint from the first line to the last , and whatever you might think of the book as a whole , it ’s impossible not to respect the author ’s energy , the sheer gutsiness of his ambitions . ”
Lest you are tempted to chalk all this up to an unreliable narrator —
“ But he ’s supposed to write like that ” — consider August Brill , the seventy - two - year - old literary critic who narrates Auster ’s novel “ Man in the Dark ” ( 2008 ) .
Like Nathan Zuckerman in “ The Ghost Writer , ” he lies awake in a New England house , inventing fantastic fictions .
( He imagines an alternative universe , in which America is fighting a bitter civil war over the fate of the 2000 election . )
When he thinks about actual America , however , his language stiffens into boilerplate .
Recalling the Newark riots of 1968 , he describes a member of the New Jersey State Police , “ a certain Colonel Brand or Brandt , a man of around forty with a razor - sharp crew cut , a square , clenched jaw , and the hard eyes of a marine about to embark on a commando mission . ”
Clichés , borrowed language , bourgeois bêtises are intricately bound up with modern and postmodern literature .
For Flaubert , the cliché and the received idea are beasts to be toyed with and then slain .
“ Madame Bovary ” actually italicizes examples of foolish or sentimental phrasing .
Charles Bovary ’s conversation is likened to a pavement , over which many people have walked ; twentieth - century literature , violently conscious of mass culture , extends this idea of the self as a kind of borrowed tissue , full of other people ’s germs .
Among modern and postmodern writers , Beckett , Nabokov , Richard Yates , Thomas Bernhard , Muriel Spark , Don DeLillo , Martin Amis , and David Foster Wallace have all employed and impaled cliché in their work .
Paul Auster is probably America ’s best - known postmodern novelist ; his “ New York Trilogy ” must have been read by thousands who do not usually read avant - garde fiction .
Auster clearly shares this engagement with mediation and borrowedness — hence , his cinematic plots and rather bogus dialogue — and yet he does nothing with cliché except use it .
This is bewildering , on its face , but then Auster is a peculiar kind of postmodernist .
Or is he a postmodernist at all ?
Eighty per cent of a typical Auster novel proceeds in a manner indistinguishable from American realism ; the remaining twenty per cent does a kind of postmodern surgery on the eighty per cent , often casting doubt on the veracity of the plot .
Nashe , in “ The Music of Chance ” ( 1990 ) , sounds as if he had sprung from a Raymond Carver story ( although Carver would have written more interesting prose ) :
He drove for seven straight hours , paused momentarily to fill up the tank with gas , and then continued for another six hours until exhaustion finally got the better of him .
He was in north - central Wyoming by then , and dawn was just beginning to lift over the horizon .
He checked into a motel , slept solidly for eight or nine hours , and then walked over to the diner next door and put away a meal of steak and eggs from the twenty - four - hour breakfast menu .
By late afternoon , he was back in the car , and once again he drove clear through the night , not stopping until he had gone halfway through New Mexico .
“ Before you go , would you mind taking a few moments to fill out a short form rating your relationship experience ? ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
One reads Auster ’s novels very fast , because they are lucidly written , because the grammar of the prose is the grammar of the most familiar realism ( the kind that is , in fact , comfortingly artificial ) , and because the plots , full of sneaky turns and surprises and violent irruptions , have what the Times once called “ all the suspense and pace of a bestselling thriller . ”
There are no semantic obstacles , lexical difficulties , or syntactical challenges .
The books fairly hum along .
The reason Auster is not a realist writer , of course , is that his larger narrative games are anti-realist or surrealist .
In “ The Music of Chance , ” Nashe inherits money from his father , and goes on the road .
Eventually , he meets a professional poker player named Jack Pozzi ( the name suggestive of “ jackpot , ” and also of Pozzo from “ Waiting for Godot ” ) :
“ It was one of those random , accidental encounters that seem to materialize out of thin air . ”
For no very credible reason , Nashe decides to tag along with Pozzi : “ It was as if he finally had no part in what was about to happen to him . ”
The pair end up in the Pennsylvania mansion of two eccentric millionaires , Flower and Stone .
Pozzi loses all Nashe ’s money in a poker game , and the unfortunate duo suddenly owe ten thousand dollars to Flower and Stone , who exact repayment by putting them to work on their estate : their job will be to build , by hand , a huge wall in a field .
A trailer is prepared for their quarters .
The estate has become a Sisyphean prison yard for Nashe and Pozzi , with Flower and Stone as unreachable gods ( Flower ’s name perhaps gesturing at God ’s soft side , Stone ’s at punishment ) .
Nashe gnashes his teeth in this pastoral hell .
In what is probably Auster ’s best novel , “ The Book of Illusions ” ( 2002 ) , David Zimmer , a professor of literature , holes up in Vermont , where he mourns the death of his wife and two sons in a plane crash .
“ For several months , I lived in a blur of alcoholic grief and self - pity , ” he says .
By chance , he sees a silent film starring Hector Mann , a brilliant actor who disappeared in 1929 , and who , it was thought , never made another film .
Zimmer decides to write a book about Mann , and the best part of the novel is Auster ’s painstaking and vivid fictional re-creation of the career of a silent - movie actor of the nineteen - twenties .
But the story soon hurtles into absurdity .
After his book on Hector Mann is published , Zimmer receives a letter from Mann ’s wife , Frieda : Mann is alive , though dying , in New Mexico ; Zimmer must come at once .
He does nothing about the letter , and one evening a strange woman named Alma arrives at Zimmer ’s house .
She orders him , at gunpoint , to the New Mexico ranch .
Second - rate dialogue is copiously exchanged .
“ I ’m not your friend .
. . .
You ’re a phantom who wandered in from the night , and now I want you to go back out there and leave me alone , ” Zimmer tells Alma , in one of those ritual moments of temporary resistance we know so well from bad movies .
( “ Well , buddy , you can count me out of this particular bank heist . ” )
Alma explains to Zimmer that Hector Mann disappeared in order to hide the traces of a murder : Mann ’s fiancée accidentally shot his jealous girlfriend .
The rest of the book speeds along like something written by a hipper John Irving : Zimmer goes to the ranch with the mysterious Alma ; meets Hector Mann , who dies almost immediately ; Alma kills Hector ’s wife , and then commits suicide .
And at the end , making good on many helpful suggestions throughout the book , we are encouraged to believe that David Zimmer invented everything we have just read : it was the fiction he needed to raise himself from the near - death of his mourning .
The American Council on Exercise ( ACE ) , a leading fitness authority and training organization , has released the results of a study that tested the effectiveness of Nintendo 's exercise tool and balance trainer Wii Fit .
The study , conducted in cooperation with the University of Wisconsin La Crosse Exercise and Health Program , found that Wii Fit produced " underwhelming results , " in terms of exercise intensity .
Researchers at the University of Wisconsin tested the Free Run , Island Run , Free Step , Advanced Step , Super Hula Hoop and Rhythm Boxing portions of Wii Fit , which were determined to be the game 's most aerobically challenging activities .
The Free Run and Island Run gameplay portions yielded the highest energy expenditures , with players burning an average of 165 calories after 30 minutes of play .
Rhythm Boxing , Super Hula Hoop , Advanced Step , and Free Step produced average calorie burning rates of 114 , 111 , 108 and 99 calories , respectively .
Researchers found that in all cases , performing an actual exercise activity rather than Wii Fit 's virtual approximation resulted in " significantly higher " caloric expenditure .
The Rhythm Boxing activity , in particular , burned one - third of the calories expended per minute of traditional boxing .
" While we found that playing the Wii Fit burns twice as many calories as a sedentary video game , " said ACE 's chief science officer Cedric X. Bryant , " the outcome of the study suggests that Wii Sports , the Wii 's suite of exergames that includes tennis , boxing , golf and bowling , is a better option and more capable of helping consumers meet minimum intensity guidelines for exercise . "
ACE 's Wii
Fit study tested men and women between the ages of 20 - 24 years old , and was led by John Porcari , Ph.D. ; Carl Foster , Ph.D. ; and Alexa Carroll , M.S. Wii
Fit 's various balance exercises were not tested during ACE 's research .
Another month , another new Michal Pachter prediction .
His latest prediction , as always , is on the state of PS3 / Wii / Xbox 360 sales .
Time , and time again , we see predictions that are favorable for the other consoles .
This time , the PS3 is being predicted to have favorable sales over the other two major console manufacturers .
Pachter expects a double - digit growth this month for the US games trade , compared to the last six months , which had negative numbers .
He expects that the US games trade will rake in sales of $ 750 million , up 21 % compared to last year ’s $ 618 million . ”
Patcher then followed with a prediction for console sales .
He expects the Wii to sell 390 000 units ( up 45 % from last year ) , the Xbox 360 to sell 350 000 ( up 1 % from last year ) , and a massive 410 000 for PlayStation 3 ( up 76 % from last year ) .
You can hope these are true , while we wait for the release of the NPD next Thursday .
[ Source ]
The United Kingdom is still stuck in the biggest and deepest recession on record .
Data from the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) have revealed that gross domestic product ( GDP ) shrank by 0.4 per cent in the third quarter of 2009 , confounding analysts ’ predictions of an increase of 0.2 per cent .
Now spanning six consecutive quarters – a first since the ONS started compiling GDP figures back in 1955 – the UK is currently experiencing its longest period in recession on record .
The economy has now been contracting since early 2008 .
Output fell almost entirely across the board , with the industries of construction , distribution , hotels and catering , transport and storage , and business services and finance all recording a decline .
The Bank of England is however optimistic .
Why ?
Who knows ?
Maybe the Governor got a bit of a telling off for his last foray in to the political field .
The Bank of England confirms that the UK economy has shrunk by 6 % in 18 months .
Although it does not use optimistic language its report remains highly optimistic .
This chart shows the Bank of England prediction trend line for economic growth .
The Bank sees the economy growing by 2.1 per cent next year , an amazing and unprecedented growth of four per cent in 2011 and an equally implausible 3.5 per cent in 2012 .
Even using those highly optimistic growth rates it will take until 2012 for the economy to return to the output levels of 2007 / 2008 .
These assumptions are however weak .
They ignore the necessary but painful budget cuts that will have to be made by the Public Sector over the coming years .
Taxes are covering only £ 4 out of £ 5 being spent by this Government , the rest is borrowing .
Although there will be some reduction in borrowing from growth , that growth will not be enough to get the budget out of deficit .
Indeed , with a growing elderly population , changes made to the Pension Credit scheme , including a pre election boost to pensioners , will only continue adding to the bill .
The Government is already talking of cuts .
Ed Balls has offered up £ 2 billion of cuts in the Education budget .
Tax rises are also going to be harsh .
You can not cut £ 175 billion of spending without a dramatic rethink of the role of the State and that will not happen .
Everybody who lives in the UK will pay more for reduced public services .
This will impact on growth .
A smaller pubic sector means less jobs .
Increases in tax will hit investment .
Unwinding quantitative easing will not be easy .
Yields on UK gilts will rise , which means increases in interest rates .
The mini-bubble in parts of the housing market will therefore pop .
To me that is probably one of the only good things .
It was after all the housing bubble that got us in to this mess .
The irony of the Labour years is that through Housing Associations , the Government spent billions on “ affordable housing ” and then gave billions to the banks to keep houses unaffordable .
We need a different direction on housing .
So faced with even more tax rises , where do the jobs come from ?
Who knows .
The UK is now deeply uncompetitive .
Income tax rates are too high at too early a level , we should not be taxing those on minimum wage and we should not be treating someone on £ 35 k as a top rate taxpayer .
And although other Countries have a higher top rate theirs start at a much higher band .
Corporation tax is far steeper than in most of our competitor nations and the 2007 budget changes to screw over new businesses will not aid recovery .
Small businesses have always been the fuel for economic growth .
The UK ’s trend rate of growth prior to the recession was 2.75 per cent a year .
That keeps the UK economy at below 2007 / 08 levels until 2015 .
By that time almost every other large European economy will have outgrown us .
Will Britain still get a seat at the table ?
Kind of explains why the G5 became the G8 and why it is now the G20 .
With at least five years of hard slog to get back to where the economy in 2007 , Cameron looks as though he will be picking up more than a poisoned chalice .
The chalice itself is poison .
It will be him and not Brown who will get the blame for the economic mess that will take a generation to recover .
People have short memories and it is easy to blame the ones in power NOW for the damage done by a previous administration .
The Republicans are already doing it in America .
“ New Labour ” will start the blame game on day one .
Interesting times ahead .
“ At a minimum , they ’re guilty of extremely shoddy scholarship and overcredulity , ” says Gavin A. Schmidt , a climate scientist at NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies .
“ At the worst , they think just being contrarian is much more important than being right . ”
Time and again , the critics say , Dubner and Levitt raise provocative , if unoriginal , arguments only to move on to the next provocation without bothering to mention substantial , even overwhelming , evidence to the contrary .
Among other things , readers are told that solar power contributes to global warming , that the climate models that predict warming have all been doctored to achieve matching results , and that carbon dioxide does not “ necessarily ” warm the earth and may have had little to do with recent warming trends - all arguments that the majority of climate scientists reject as wrong .
What ’s more , some of the researchers Dubner and Levitt cite charge them with mischaracterizing their research .
In short , the authors ’ critics charge them with letting their own particular bias - for clever and scandalously counterintuitive answers to big questions - blind them to the weight of the evidence .
But the book ’s biggest provocation comes in its last chapter , on climate change .
And it has ensured that , unlike the last time around , the new book is being greeted with as much outrage as curiosity .
The “ SuperFreakonomics ” treatment of climate change , critics charge , is a hodgepodge of unfounded and occasionally contradictory claims .
Now Dubner and Levitt are at it again , marshalling the forces of data to trouble the conventional wisdom and dethrone the experts .
In their new book , “ SuperFreakonomics , ” they argue that walking drunk is more dangerous than driving drunk , that a doctor ’s skill does n’t matter very much , and that prostitution makes poor women better off .
Over and over , the book highlighted the ways that ruthlessly discarding our comforting biases and folk wisdom and replacing them with the habits of cold - eyed empiricism could reveal “ the hidden side of everything . ”
Dubner and Levitt laid out a sort of freakonomics credo : Conventional wisdom is often wrong , so - called experts abuse their authority but can be outsmarted by savvy amateurs , and , most important of all , the right data , properly crunched , can solve even the most seemingly insoluble questions .
Four years ago , “ Freakonomics ” took the reading world by storm .
Co-written by the acclaimed economist Steven Levitt and the journalist Stephen Dubner , the book pulled off the unlikely coup of recasting economics , the theretofore dismal science , as a tool for cerebral swashbucklers .
The writers explored the finances of drug dealers , the workings of the Ku Klux Klan , the incidence of cheating in the sumo ring .
They argued that legalizing abortion cut crime in America , and they traced the economic factors that drove baby - name fads .
With the wide - roaming intellect of Levitt and the droll , clear writing style of Dubner , the book was a smash , selling 4 million copies .
“ Freakonomics ” did have a few detractors when it was first published .
The finance blogger Felix Salmon wrote a long , critical post about the book at the time , complaining , among other things , about what he saw as the authors ’ preference for eye - popping statistics over realistic ones .
As the book grew more popular , a few economists publicly worried that Levitt ’s example was triggering a faddish interest among economic thinkers in cute questions rather than important ones .
Still , the book ’s reviews were overwhelmingly positive , and its success inspired a rash of economists to try their hand at writing books offering to help the rest of the world think like them .
If he were merely an intellectual bomb - thrower , though , Levitt would not have gained the stature he enjoys in his field .
A professor in the storied University of Chicago economics department , he has , despite doing the ostensibly oddball research “ Freakonomics ” describes , earned a reputation as one of the brightest economists of his generation .
In 2003 he was awarded the John Bates Clark Medal , a then - biennial prize given to the best American economist under the age of 40 .
That same year , Dubner , a writer and former editor at The New York Times Magazine , wrote a profile of Levitt in the pages of that magazine which became the germ of their first book .
Levitt is no stranger to controversy .
From an early age , he seems to have had a penchant for provocation :
In a recent talk at New York City ’s Symphony Space he described how , as a high school student , he gave a speech to the entire student body on “ the lighter side of AIDS . ”
His best - known paper remains a 2001 study he co-wrote with John Donohue of Yale Law School arguing that Roe v. Wade , by reducing the number of unwanted children born to poor mothers in the 1970s , reduced the number of maladjusted teenagers roaming the streets in the 1990s and caused much of that decade ’s drop in crime .
The finding provoked outrage all along the political spectrum .
“ If you ’re the kind of person who , for political or personal or ideological reasons , is primed to dislike the economic and scientific arguments in the chapter , then of course that ’s going to make you argumentative , ” says Dubner .
For their part , Levitt and Dubner dismiss the attacks as over - the - top and ideological - Levitt has called the book ’s critics “ the carbon crazies . ”
The authors strongly defend their use of the available research and argue that the criticisms focus on what are essentially a few bad wording choices .
They characterize the controversy as a cautionary tale about the speed and free - floating vitriol of the blogosphere , where many of the attacks on the book have been written and amplified .
Both Dubner and Levitt emphasize that they are deeply concerned about climate change and just want to encourage hardheaded , imaginative thinking about how to solve it .
Caldeira was at the IV meeting that Dubner and Levitt attended , and the authors paraphrase him saying , “ carbon dioxide is not the right villain in this fight . ”
According to Caldeira , that is exactly the opposite of what he thinks - he believes and has publicly argued that carbon emissions are an enormous problem and that geoengineering only makes sense in concert with radical emissions reductions .
“ That has no basis in what I said , ” he says .
The greatest heat , on both sides , has been generated by accusations of misrepresentation .
Joe Romm , a physicist and influential climate blogger , exposed one instance in a post he put up a week before the book ’s publication that effectively launched the broader attack on the book .
The instance involved Ken Caldeira , a leading atmospheric scientist and a researcher at the Carnegie Institution for Science who has become a proponent of geoengineering research .
The book ’s critics range from environmental activists and opinion journalists to climate scientists and liberal economists like Paul Krugman and UC Berkeley ’s Brad DeLong .
Some attack the book for bringing up geoengineering at all , arguing that the idea is a nonstarter - though a few prominent climate scientists have begun to argue for at least researching its potential .
Most , though , focus on the way Dubner and Levitt have made their case , accusing them of a multitude of scientific , economic , and journalistic offenses .
Their arguments , critics say , are characterized by a combination of non sequitur - the authors carefully explain , for example , that carbon dioxide is not poisonous to breathe - misrepresented data , passing off discredited claims as new ideas , and ignoring evidence that challenges their counterintuitive claims .
Along the way , the authors explain the economics of LoJack and the difficulty of getting doctors to wash their hands , and every few pages there is another conventional wisdom - exploding salvo , often calling into question the reliability of current predictions of global warming or questioning the role that carbon dioxide plays in it .
But the chapter ended up being prescriptive , as well :
It is , in essence , a long pitch for responding to climate change with the aggressive manipulation of the atmosphere - so - called geoengineering - rather than the slower and far more expensive carbon - mitigation efforts that many environmentalists favor .
The centerpiece of the chapter is a presentation Dubner and Levitt attend at an “ invention capital ” firm called Intellectual Ventures , or IV , in Bellevue , Wash. , where the assembled scientists and inventors discuss global - cooling geoengineering schemes , like an 18 - mile - long hose to pump sulfur dioxide into the upper atmosphere and a fleet of underwater turbines to create salt - spray clouds over the oceans .
Much of the material in both Freakonomics books is based on Levitt ’s academic research .
The climate - change chapter , however , is not .
According to Levitt , the decision to write about the topic grew out of his and Dubner ’s conviction that it was a perfect target .
“ One of the basic principles is that we try to look at conventional wisdom and see places where we think it does n’t reflect reality very effectively , ” he says .
The more they studied climate change , the more they decided that was the case .
Asked over e-mail about the use of Severinghaus ’s research , Levitt responded , “ The sentence may be poorly written , but I do not think it is factually inaccurate . ”
He also defended the citation on the grounds that , while Severinghaus may not think his finding supports their point , it does not clearly disprove it , either .
“ Severinghaus says that this is not definitive evidence against CO2 warming the earth ; he certainly can’t argue that this is definitive evidence that CO2 does warm the earth , ” Levitt wrote .
Rather than showing that carbon dioxide does not warm the earth , Severinghaus says , what his study showed is simply that carbon dioxide is not the only thing that can cause warming .
( As for what actually kicked off the prehistoric warming periods , many climate scientists argue it was a wobble in the earth ’s axis . )
If atmospheric carbon dioxide rose only after a rise in global temperature , it would indeed strongly suggest that carbon dioxide has no effect on global temperature .
But what Severinghaus found in the ice core data was that atmospheric carbon dioxide began to rise during the warming that followed an ice age , an average of 800 years into what is a 5,000 - year warming period .
Severinghaus points to climate models that suggest that the carbon dioxide , released from the world ’s oceans as they warmed , had strong warming effects as it accumulated in the air over the following 4,200 years .
In the endnote for this passage , the authors cite a 2004 blog post written by Jeffrey Severinghaus , a professor of geosciences at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography , summarizing ice core research he did on the beginning and end of ice ages .
The fourth sentence of that blog entry reads , “ Does this prove that CO2 does n’t cause global warming ?
The answer is no . ”
Severinghaus has not read “ SuperFreakonomics , ” but when the passage was read to him over the phone , he called it “ flat - out misrepresentation . ”
A similar problem arises in another instance when the authors call carbon dioxide ’s role into question .
At one point Dubner and Levitt write , “ Nor does atmospheric carbon dioxide necessarily warm the earth : ice - cap evidence shows that over the past several hundred thousand years , carbon dioxide levels have risen after a rise in temperature , not the other way around . ”
In response , Dubner has conceded that the passage may mislead readers .
But he points out that , like the other IV team members , Caldeira had a chance to review the chapter before publication .
He raised concerns about the passage then , and while another mitigating passage was added , the original one was not removed , and Caldeira partially blames himself for not being more insistent about it .
Dubner and Levitt ’s larger argument is that the uncertainties inherent in climate science make the case for geoengineering - a solution that is , they argue , cheap , fast , and reversible - all the stronger .
Sometimes they make the case in actual arguments , sometimes simply with asides .
At the close of one section , they mention the “ little - known fact ” that average global temperature has decreased in recent years .
This is true , at least according to one of the two major sets of temperature data .
According to climate modelers , however , it is also irrelevant , a blip in a longer - term rising trend .
“ That ’s just weather , ” says David Archer , a geophysical scientist at the University of Chicago .
Reading anything into it is “ overinterpreting the wiggles . ”
Dubner and Levitt do n’t always raise criticisms about the consensus view of climate change in their own voice .
They quote , for example , the scientists and inventors they talked to at IV making similar arguments .
Lowell Wood , an astrophysicist , says , for example , that climate models are unreliable because they can’t handle water vapor , and that they only seem reliable because modelers are actively manipulating them to get the results they want .
IV ’s founder , Nathan Myhrvold , a physicist and former head of research at Microsoft , is quoted arguing that building and running solar arrays would actually make global warming worse over the short term , and that most of the warming of the past few decades might actually have been caused by cleaning up the atmosphere .
( IV did n’t make Wood available for comment , and a spokesman said Myhrvold was traveling and unable to be interviewed ) .
These are extremely controversial statements , and according to many climate scientists , flatly wrong .
Dubner and Levitt , however , present them without including the responses that climate scientists - and environmental economists - have offered in the past when similar points have been made by global warming skeptics .
“ One of things that they do in this chapter is try to frame this as them versus the environmentalists , to say , ‘ We ’ve got the scientists on our side , and you ’ve got Al Gore ’ , ” says Romm .
But , he argues , climate scientists familiar with the book see Dubner and Levitt as gravely mischaracterizing the state of the science .
And even fellow proponents of geoengineering research have piled on , arguing that Dubner and Levitt do the cause few favors by associating it with fringe arguments .
Asked why they did n’t mention any of the rebuttals that others have offered up to the arguments in “ SuperFreakonomics , ” Dubner says , “ I think that ’s a very legitimate question .
And the reason they ’re not rebutted is because they are rebuttals to the conventional wisdom . ”
The conventional wisdom , in other words , can take care of itself .
For their critics , this attitude is exactly the problem .
In climate change , as in many other realms , the conventional wisdom can be ossified and oversimplified , but at the broadest level there is actual evidence to support it .
And the way the conventional wisdom is wrong is often not something that makes for an eye - catching title but something that belongs instead in the fine print .
“ There are uncertainties , no one is going to argue that their global climate model is absolutely 100 percent accurate , ” says John Wettlaufer , a geophysicist at Yale who has studied warming and Arctic ice .
“ We damn well know that when CO2 goes up , temperature goes up , what people cannot tell you is what ’s going to be the state of Cleveland in 2100 . ”
Drake Bennett is the staff writer for Ideas .
E-mail drbennett@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
The newfound resonance of Rockwell ’s art has not been lost on those keen to uphold his legacy .
A traveling retrospective of his career , “ American Chronicles : The Art of Norman Rockwell , ” has been pulling in crowds at every museum it has visited — most recently , over the springtime , at the Detroit Institute of Arts , in a city especially racked with longing for better days .
“ American Chronicles ” just spent the summer at its home base , the Norman Rockwell Museum , in Stockbridge , Massachusetts , which this year is celebrating its 40th anniversary , and the exhibition moves on to the Museum of Art in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , on November 14 .
Meanwhile , a second traveling retrospective , “ Norman Rockwell : American Imagist , ” is making the rounds under the auspices of the National Museum of American Illustration ( which is in Newport , Rhode Island ) , and the Smithsonian Institution is planning yet another major Rockwell exhibition , for 2010 , this one built around the private collections of Steven Spielberg and George Lucas .
Then there is Norman Rockwell : Behind the Camera , a wonderful new book by Ron Schick ( photos from which accompany this article ) that lifts the curtain on Rockwell ’s working methods , revealing how profoundly labor - intensive and thoughtfully imagined they were .
From the mid-1930s onward , Rockwell orchestrated elaborate photo shoots of his models in various poses and setups , resulting in images that , though they were meant only to be studies , are compelling in their own right .
Next month , in conjunction with the book ’s publication , the Rockwell Museum will unveil Projectnorman , a new section of its Web site ( nrm.org ) that will allow users to view the more than 18,000 photographs that Schick has sifted through , all newly digitized and catalogued according to their “ parent ” painting .
Select Saying Grace , for example , and you ’ll be able to see that Rockwell had considered including a little girl as well as a little boy ; that he himself acted out the old woman ’s solemn pose for his model ’s benefit ; that he had brought Horn & Hardart Automat tables and chairs into his studio for the occasion ; that one of the two young toughs eyeballing the grace sayers was played by the artist ’s eldest son , Jarvis ; that Rockwell posed two chubby Maytag - repairman types as an alternate to the two young toughs ; and that he ventured far afield from his New England studio for multiple reference photos of a dreary rail yard ( in Rensselaer , New York ) just to make sure he got the details at the very back of the painting right .
In his own behind - the - scenes book from 1949 , How I Make a Picture — Rockwell always referred to his works as “ pictures , ” like a movie director , rather than “ illustrations ” or “ paintings ” — he documented an exhaustive creative “ system ” in which photography was only the midpoint .
First came brainstorming and a rough pencil sketch , then the casting of the models and the hiring of costumes and props , then the process of coaxing the right poses out of the models ( Norman Rockwell : Behind the Camera is rife with priceless shots of the artist pulling faces and hamming it up to demonstrate the effect he wants ) , then the snapping of the photo , then the composition of a fully detailed charcoal sketch , then a painted color sketch that was the exact size of the picture as it would be reproduced ( for instance , the size of a Post cover ) , and then , and only then , the final painting .
The complexity of Rockwell ’s process belies the “ simplicity ” often ascribed to his finished products .
But then , this is an artist with a history of being patronized , mischaracterized , and dismissed as “ merely ” an illustrator whose pictures , which were intended for mass reproduction , cannot stand on their own as paintings .
The last time the Rockwell Museum mounted a big traveling retrospective , its arrival at New York ’s Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in late 2001 — two months after 9/11 — was taken as a sign of the apocalypse by a Village Voice critic named Jerry Saltz , who castigated the Guggenheim for “ trashing the reputation won for it by generations of artists ” by allowing ol ’
Norm ’s literalist canvases to hang on its curvy walls .
Quoting Flash Art American editor Massimiliano Gioni , Saltz wrote : “ For the art world to fall for this simple vision now — especially now — is … ‘ like confessing in public that deep down inside we are , after all , right - wing . …
It ’s simply reactionary .
It scares me . ’ ”
Kleenex , Xerox , Aspirin , Jell - O and Google , all refer to brand names that have taken on a generic meaning .
Ask for a Kleenex and you ’ll get a tissue whether it ’s a Kleenex or Scott .
But before we confirm Google ’s status , there ’s a new arrival making inroads into the search engine market .
Meet Bing , the new and improved Live Search , brought to you by Microsoft .
According to Experian Hitwise , Google accounted for 71 percent of all U.S. searches conducted in the four weeks ending Oct. 3 , 2009 .
Yahoo !
Search grabbed 16 percent and Bing 9 percent of searches , while the remaining 53 search engines accounted for just under 4 percent .
Though its market share is small , the five - month old Bing search service is the fastest - growing U.S. search engine among the top 10 reported by Nielsen .
It is not a Google replacement and even Microsoft admits this , but it is a better search engine for specific activities : finding images and videos and buying stuff , whether that ’s from a local restaurant , an online retailer , or an airline .
Bing uses more imagery in its interface than any other search engine , capitalizing on the brain ’s natural inclination to attend to pictures rather than words .
If you ’re a visual person , you ’ll like Bing .
Start on the Bing homepage and stop for a minute of sightseeing .
Each day a stunning photograph from somewhere in the world occupies most of the homepage .
Sure , you can go right on typing your query in the prominent search bar , but instead , roll your mouse over the image and you will find four interesting facts about the location and links to learn more .
Curiosity can lead you on a fascinating detour .
Finding the right image for a report or blog post is easier on Bing .
Hundreds of image results are displayed on a single page , eliminating the need for clicking endless pages .
Use the left hand navigation to refine results .
In a search for dog , I could narrow my search by breed , select image size and orientation , choose color over black and white , photograph over illustration , and those showing just the dog ’s face .
Video searches are similarly streamlined and pull from a variety of sources including YouTube , Metacafe and MySpace .
Simply run your mouse over the thumbnail to see a preview , no new page required .
Bing also delivers extra incentive as a shopping tool , offering its own cashback rewards program .
From June to August , visits to Bing Shopping shot up 169 percent , making it the 4th most popular shopping comparison site on the Web behind Yahoo !
Shopping , Bizrate and Shopzilla according to Hitwise , which may have had something to do with the fact Bing doubled cashback rewards in August .
With the integration of travel search engine Farecast , Bing not only serves up the best airfares , but offers another exclusive : Bing predicts whether the price of a ticket is likely to go up or down over the next week , it ’s the stockbroker of travel .
When booking a trip to DC , Bing advised I wait because fares were likely to drop $ 50 in the next seven days with a confidence measure of 76 percent .
Good odds .
Wait , there ’s more :
Bing is the first search engine to offer up social networking updates in its results .
On October 21 , Qi Lu , President of Microsoft ’s Online Services Group announced Bing will now incorporate Twitter updates in search engine results with Facebook soon to follow .
It ’s cumbersome : to search “ tweets ” , you must access a segmented part of the site at bing.com / twitter , but combined with Bing ’s xRank featuring top ranked celebrities , musicians , politicians , and bloggers of the minute , it ’s like a real time scan of People magazine headlines .
One glance and you know what ’s buzzworthy .
Leslie ’s takeaway : Use Google for research .
Use Bing for images , videos , shopping , travel and gossip .
It ’s a site to visit every day if only for the tidbits on the homepage .
TopTenREVIEWS.com guides consumers by comparing products in the world of technology , including electronics , software and Web services .
Have a question ?
Email Leslie Meredith at leslie@toptenreviews.com or AskLeslie on Facebook .
IT just goes from bad to worse for those poor , beleaguered Scientology nutsters .
After the major hit they took in a court in France recently , and their loss of prominent member Paul Haggis , they are now licking their wounds from a mauling inflicted by an Australian politician .
Senator Nick Xenophon , whose surname suggest that he might be one of them Scientology aliens – ( he is NOT ! ) – had the audacity to accuse the Church of Scientology of being a CRIMINAL ORGANISATION !
NO !
Say it is n’t so !
The South Australian parliamentarian said he had been contacted by a number of former Scientologists , after he questioned the organisation ’s tax exempt status in a recent television interview .
They have provided long and detailed letters to me about the workings of this organisation .
These people rightly see themselves as victims of Scientology .
Senator Xenophon said their correspondence implicated the organisation in a range of crimes , including forced imprisonment , coerced abortions , embezzlement of church funds , physical violence , intimidation and blackmail .
I am deeply concerned about this organisation and the devastating impact it can have on its followers .
Asked about the Senator ’s claims , Prime Minister Kevin Rudd described them as “ grave allegations ” .
Many people in Australia have real concerns about Scientology .
I share some of those concerns .
Let us proceed carefully and look carefully at the material he has provided before we make a decision on further parliamentary action .
When he was questioned about the Church of Scientology ’s tax exempt status , Rudd said :
I do n’t want to rush into any judgment on this , other than to say he ’s ( Senator Xenophon ) raised concerns and made some serious allegations .
Senator Xenophon said the Church of Scientology had been convicted of fraud in France and was facing similar charges in Belgium .
A number of the organisation ’s former high - ranking executives in the US had also recently spoken out against its leader , David Miscavige , saying they had seen him assaulting staff and urging others to do the same .
Senator Xenophon added :
What we are seeing is a worldwide pattern of abuse and criminality .
On the body of evidence , this is not happening by accident , it is happening by design .
Scientology is not a religious organisation , it is a criminal organisation that hides behind its so - called religious beliefs .
The Church of Scientology immediately issued a statement to the media responding to Senator Xenophon ’s comments .
This is an outrageous abuse of Parliamentary privilege from a Senator would not even meet with Church representatives several months ago to discuss his concerns .
Senator Xenophon ’s attempt to marginalise Scientologists by saying that they should not be believed , is fascistic and violates freedom of speech and the right to religious beliefs .
Scientology has fought for and upheld religious freedom around the world and is accepted as a religion throughout the world .
In a few countries , the Church has been forced to litigate the issue of its religiosity , either affirmatively or in response to outrageous unfounded charges .
This is a propaganda campaign that would suit a totalitarian regime not Australia , a country that recognises freedom of religion .
The Church of Scientology internationally has grown from one Church in 1954 to more than 8000 Churches , Missions and groups in 165 countries today .
The Church sponsors an international human rights education initiative as well as the world ’s largest nongovernmental drug education program .
Four new Churches have opened in 2009 , most recently the Church of Scientology of Rome on October 24 , with a new Church opening in Washington , DC , on October 31 .
In April , three new Churches were dedicated : in Malmo , Sweden ; Dallas , Texas ; and Nashville , Tennessee .
The Scientology religion has expanded more in the past year than in the past five years combined and more in the past five years than in the past five decades combined .
This absolutely hilarious “ must read ” piece about Scientology by Marina Hyde appeared recently in the Guardian .
Enjoy !
Car with top speed of 200 mph was one of two donated to police
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
When the Italian police unveiled their state - of - the - art Lamborghini patrol cars , they cannot have been short of volunteers itching to take the supercars in pursuit of speeding criminals .
A team of elite drivers was trained to chase down speeding motorists and deliver urgently - needed transplant organs in the futuristic vehicles , capable of reaching more than 200mph .
What they apparently were not prepared for was a distracted motorist who pulled out of a petrol station without looking .
Today , a bandaged and bruised police driver may have had a tough time explaining how he managed to write off one of the force 's prized Lamborghinis when he rammed it so hard into a line of parked cars that one of the stationary vehicles ended up on the police car 's roof .
According to the police , the crash was caused by the driver of a slow - moving Seat Ibiza who emerged without looking from a service station , clipping the Lamborghini and sending the vehicle swerving into the parked cars .
The front end of the Lamborghini was crushed in the accident , near Cremona , and the driver and a passenger were injured , although not seriously .
The Lamborghini Gallardo , worth £ 130,000 and capable of reaching 62 mph in four seconds , was one of a pair donated by the Italian manufacturer to the police to do battle on Italy 's roads , where 1 million motorists are injured annually and 4,731 died last year .
Both cars include transmitters to send images back to HQ , a defibrillator for accidents and a fridge for transporting donor organs .
The two officers were returning from a convention in Cremona , where they had been addressed a student audience on road safety .
NoSlow : Microbenchmarks for Haskell array libraries
Over the last couple of days , I have implemented a small benchmark suite which tries to measure the performance of various Haskell array libraries , with particular emphasis on finding out how well they are able to fuse things .
It is now on Hackage under the very creative and imaginative name NoSlow ( Haskell seems to have gained a tradition of naming benchmark suites nosomething ) .
What it does is compile and run a set of micro- benchmarks using these libraries :
standard lists
primitive arrays from the DPH project ( package dph- prim - seq )
) uvector ( a fork of the above )
vector ( primitive , storable and boxed arrays )
storablevector
The actual benchmarking is done by Brian O’Sullivan ’s wonderful criterion .
NoSlow is a very young project so the output is n’t particularly pretty but it does the job .
It is also not very thoroughly tested and only includes a very restricted set of benchmarks so saying “ library x is better than library y because it produces better numbers in NoSlow ” would be completely and utterly wrong .
However , it is quite useful for identifying cases where taking a closer look at the code generated for a particular loop might be a good idea .
It already helped me spot one tricky performance regression in the standard list library .
Here is an example of the data it produces .
NoSlow results for GHC 6.13.20091124 ( only loops specialised for Double ) dph-prim list storablevector uvector vector seq Primitive Storable boxed $ a+1 58.38504 us 192.9597 us 58.25747 us 58.47876 us 58.52366 us 58.77233 us 405.5711 us $ a+^1 59.03597 us 356.6624 us 210.4899 us 80.25804 us 58.53107 us 59.19546 us 417.2587 us $ a+x 55.62417 us 236.2620 us 55.63200 us 55.62767 us 55.33446 us 55.96459 us 477.2455 us $ a+^x 56.91372 us 445.1638 us 237.9741 us 75.81757 us 55.79731 us 56.45521 us 491.3216 us $ a+x+x+x+x 96.75086 us 280.3636 us 236.0562 us 96.76510 us 95.07297 us 97.15892 us 519.6680 us $ a+$b 64.82325 us 255.3842 us 91.09551 us 64.82592 us 65.21805 us 65.10213 us 500.7479 us $ a+$ b( zip ) 64.48503 us 347.4379 us 64.49701 us 499.5277 us x*$a +$b 75.63250 us 452.0626 us 154.3398 us 75.68617 us 110.5486 us 155.2830 us 649.9281 us ( $ a +$b ) * ( $ c+$d ) 125.0923 us 1.080122 ms 288.3781 us 125.0150 us 919.2376 us 1.132326 ms 2.967417 ms ( $ a +$b ) * ( $ c+$d ) ( zip ) 155.3547 us 742.2439 us 155.3554 us 2.509351 ms ( x+$a ) *( y + $b ) 104.0011 us 678.5383 us 203.9229 us 103.9131 us 89.32382 us 89.98352 us 401.6301 us ( ^x+$a ) *( ^y + $b ) 118.5413 us 1.061493 ms 534.0542 us 150.2891 us 822.7933 us 930.1098 us 2.650773 ms filter ( neq0 ) ( map0 ) 61.45542 us 78.80583 us 104.6501 us 61.35867 us 68.04449 us 61.67384 us 124.5576 us filter ( neq0 ) ( ^0 ) 17.42000 us 23.41616 us 173.0071 us 17.91704 us 23.33224 us 24.97328 us 59.48926 us filter ( eq0 ) ( map0 ) 69.61809 us 174.2209 us 242.6149 us 69.63563 us 69.34671 us 69.89652 us 331.1557 us filter ( eq0 ) ( ^0 ) 45.96399 us 94.22360 us 308.5451 us 45.75672 us 52.15233 us 45.52413 us 201.7559 us zip_filter 76.31172 us 466.6432 us 334.0208 us 76.24536 us 99.80086 us 100.4251 us 341.6012 us filter_zip 81.01137 us 468.8768 us 239.6135 us 79.83034 us 80.92583 us 87.66268 us 255.4129 us filter_evens 59.13895 us 182.2491 us 58.59793 us 337.2523 us sum ( $a * $b ) 115.0304 us 1.130831 ms 145.4783 us 115.0499 us 73.86368 us 74.39775 us 99.39568 us sum ( $a *$b ) ( zip ) 114.9057 us 1.420020 ms 114.8766 us 99.43429 us sum[m..n ] 53.50359 us 646.0969 us 235.4800 us 53.76784 us 129.2202 us 133.0979 us 134.6730 us sumsq ( map ) 67.20919 us 653.9266 us 292.8844 us 67.21005 us 143.1072 us 142.2476 us 143.5639 us sumsq ( zip ) 67.24133 us 1.928390 ms 311.0818 us 160.3321 us 369.7680 us 380.4847 us 914.5373 us sum_evens 120.4421 us 401.7939 us 120.4255 us 150.9723 us
Benchmarks
At the moment , NoSlow only benchmarks a bunch of very small and fairly random loop kernels as I was more concerned with getting the infrastructure in place .
Here is an example ( called $ a + $b in the table ) :
dotp as bs = sum ( zipWith ( * ) as bs )
When it is built , NoSlow compiles several different versions of this loop .
For instance , for the storablevector backend it will generate these two functions :
dotp :: ( Storable a , Num a ) => StorableVector a -> StorableVector a -> a dotp :: StorableVector Double -> StorableVector Double ->
Double
The first one is overloaded on the element type whereas the second one is specialised to Double .
NoSlow does this for all its backends and then runs all generated versions of the benchmark with the same test data .
With more testing and more benchmarks , this will give us a rough estimate of the relative performance of the different array libraries .
It also shows how much faster specialised loops are compared to their polymorphic versions
Here is the output of a full run .
* Double and Double are overloaded and specialised loops , respectively .
At the moment , NoSlow only does Double benchmarks but adding more types is easy .
NoSlow results for GHC 6.13.20091124 dph-prim list storablevector uvector vector seq Primitive Storable boxed * Double Double * Double Double * Double Double * Double Double * Double Double * Double Double * Double Double $ a+1 388.9189 us 58.38504 us 334.0156 us 192.9597 us 310.7921 us 58.25747 us 410.9401 us 58.47876 us 831.8845 us 58.52366 us 467.6662 us 58.77233 us 563.7031 us 405.5711 us $ a+^1 412.6220 us 59.03597 us 361.8679 us 356.6624 us 808.4398 us 210.4899 us 554.7731 us 80.25804 us 842.5514 us 58.53107 us 469.5773 us 59.19546 us 570.0256 us 417.2587 us $ a+x 398.3495 us 55.62417 us 266.9966 us 236.2620 us 317.0817 us 55.63200 us 416.8037 us 55.62767 us 848.4946 us 55.33446 us 479.7607 us 55.96459 us 576.0136 us 477.2455 us $ a+^x 401.3565 us 56.91372 us 376.1232 us 445.1638 us 821.9274 us 237.9741 us 560.3928 us 75.81757 us 854.3754 us 55.79731 us 483.5405 us 56.45521 us 579.5658 us 491.3216 us $ a+x+x+x+x 1.099485 ms 96.75086 us 989.8561 us 280.3636 us 1.367973 ms 236.0562 us 1.108161 ms 96.76510 us 1.732897 ms 95.07297 us 1.402448 ms 97.15892 us 1.918533 ms 519.6680 us $ a+$b 675.8037 us 64.82325 us 266.1987 us 255.3842 us 695.4756 us 91.09551 us 721.3087 us 64.82592 us 1.238228 ms 65.21805 us 758.5373 us 65.10213 us 579.0221 us 500.7479 us $ a+$ b( zip ) 674.6217 us 64.48503 us 486.2640 us 347.4379 us 718.1258 us 64.49701 us 579.6009 us 499.5277 us x*$a +$b 843.1906 us 75.63250 us 576.2166 us 452.0626 us 1.086456 ms 154.3398 us 889.1795 us 75.68617 us 1.494543 ms 110.5486 us 877.4670 us 155.2830 us 1.226473 ms 649.9281 us ( $ a +$b ) * ( $ c+$d ) 1.510817 ms 125.0923 us 1.003353 ms 1.080122 ms 1.958700 ms 288.3781 us 1.582407 ms 125.0150 us 3.109755 ms 919.2376 us 1.915603 ms 1.132326 ms 3.199406 ms 2.967417 ms ( $ a +$b ) * ( $ c+$d ) ( zip ) 1.585162 ms 155.3547 us 1.345901 ms 742.2439 us 1.845875 ms 155.3554 us 2.749534 ms 2.509351 ms ( x+$a ) *( y + $b ) 1.139386 ms 104.0011 us 969.7649 us 678.5383 us 1.451681 ms 203.9229 us 1.174562 ms 103.9131 us 1.950864 ms 89.32382 us 1.404879 ms 89.98352 us 2.030718 ms 401.6301 us ( ^x+ $a ) *( ^y + $b ) 1.095473 ms 118.5413 us 1.154678 ms 1.061493 ms 2.512015 ms 534.0542 us 1.530284 ms 150.2891 us 2.452523 ms 822.7933 us 1.825248 ms 930.1098 us 3.399711 ms 2.650773 ms filter ( neq0 ) ( map0 ) 357.0597 us 61.45542 us 320.2454 us 78.80583 us 581.4489 us 104.6501 us 364.2109 us 61.35867 us 609.2637 us 68.04449 us 531.9321 us 61.67384 us 370.0963 us 124.5576 us filter ( neq0 ) ( ^0 ) 19.80998 us 17.42000 us 6.715188 us 23.41616 us 404.8197 us 173.0071 us 20.19333 us 17.91704 us 24.38774 us 23.33224 us 24.77845 us 24.97328 us 59.51524 us 59.48926 us filter ( eq0 ) ( map0 ) 527.7883 us 69.61809 us 499.8775 us 174.2209 us 839.2031 us 242.6149 us 542.4786 us 69.63563 us 1.015737 ms 69.34671 us 622.5425 us 69.89652 us 619.5380 us 331.1557 us filter ( eq0 ) ( ^0 ) 153.7917 us 45.96399 us 87.08318 us 94.22360 us 648.8350 us 308.5451 us 162.6549 us 45.75672 us 417.1879 us 52.15233 us 126.1947 us 45.52413 us 214.1162 us 201.7559 us zip_filter 696.4477 us 76.31172 us 631.0826 us 466.6432 us 1.158844 ms 334.0208 us 735.2156 us 76.24536 us 1.042058 ms 99.80086 us 635.7235 us 100.4251 us 588.1413 us 341.6012 us filter_zip 741.1476 us 81.01137 us 467.9363 us 468.8768 us 1.073220 ms 239.6135 us 789.2609 us 79.83034 us 1.249209 ms 80.92583 us 835.3062 us 87.66268 us 507.6646 us 255.4129 us filter_evens 315.2792 us 59.13895 us 185.6894 us 182.2491 us 342.7927 us 58.59793 us 321.4253 us 337.2523 us sum ( $a* $b ) 889.3029 us 115.0304 us 1.113731 ms 1.130831 ms 837.7596 us 145.4783 us 630.7635 us 115.0499 us 1.046405 ms 73.86368 us 956.1445 us 74.39775 us 310.2107 us 99.39568 us sum ( $a *$b ) ( zip ) 893.2471 us 114.9057 us 1.890718 ms 1.420020 ms 624.3066 us 114.8766 us 371.0969 us 99.43429 us sum [m ..n ]
480.6165 us 53.50359 us 1.006370 ms 646.0969 us 599.5453 us 235.4800 us 257.9740 us 53.76784 us 520.8189 us 129.2202 us 455.0702 us 133.0979 us 450.9119 us 134.6730 us sumsq ( map ) 601.0236 us 67.20919 us 1.389623 ms 653.9266 us 916.6944 us 292.8844 us 361.3013 us 67.21005 us 633.0462 us 143.1072 us 632.7607 us 142.2476 us 626.6808 us 143.5639 us sumsq ( zip ) 581.3862 us 67.24133 us 2.487876 ms 1.928390 ms 1.391611 ms 311.0818 us 931.6956 us 160.3321 us 2.725828 ms 369.7680 us 1.892799 ms 380.4847 us 1.770848 ms 914.5373 us sum_evens 522.6244 us 120.4421 us 377.5469 us 401.7939 us 283.7662 us 120.4255 us 293.9641 us 150.9723 us
NoSlow can also be used to see how well different GHC versions optimise array loops .
Here is a comparison of the current HEAD to GHC 6.10.4 ( 2 means 6.13 is 2 x slower , 0.5 means it is 2 x faster ) .
NoSlow results for GHC 6.13.20091124 vs GHC 6.10.4 dph-prim list storablevector uvector vector seq Primitive Storable boxed * Double Double * Double Double * Double Double * Double Double * Double Double * Double Double * Double Double $ a+1 0.169 0.998 1.821 1.023 0.879 1.000 0.183 1.000 0.109 0.019 0.069 1.000 0.994 0.985 $ a+^1 0.178 1.001 1.027 1.029 0.068 0.114 0.130 1.001 0.058 0.014 0.031 0.999 1.011 1.004 $ a+x 0.172 1.004 1.138 0.989 0.970 1.006 0.185 1.005 0.121 0.018 0.072 1.002 1.024 0.965 $ a+^x 0.173 0.982 1.034 1.023 0.068 0.127 0.132 0.992 0.060 0.013 0.032 1.007 1.012 0.979 $ a+x+x+x+x 0.400 1.019 1.082 1.007 1.033 0.274 0.386 1.019 0.059 0.008 0.049 0.089 1.034 0.981 $ a+$b 0.214 0.966 1.014 1.010 0.067 1.226 0.223 0.966 0.121 0.014 0.072 1.000 0.974 0.984 $ a+$ b( zip ) 0.213 0.965 1.740 1.358 0.223 0.963 0.984 1.002 x*$a+$b 0.251 0.997 1.000 0.982 0.101 1.065 0.263 0.997 0.085 0.020 0.051 1.292 1.007 1.034 ( $ a+$b ) *( $ c+$d ) 0.287 0.199 1.168 1.483 0.064 0.271 0.293 0.199 0.101 0.061 0.060 1.058 0.992 1.299 ( $ a +$b ) * ( $ c+$d ) ( zip ) 0.302 1.262 1.301 0.906 0.350 1.257 0.949 1.249 ( x+$a ) *( y + $b ) 0.298 1.119 1.019 0.929 0.138 0.372 0.270 1.119 0.080 0.008 0.059 0.136 0.991 1.001 ( ^x+ $a ) *( ^y + $b ) 0.323 0.166 0.911 1.057 0.074 0.114 0.207 0.199 0.061 0.039 0.043 0.799 1.123 1.200 filter ( neq0 ) ( map0 ) 0.374 0.999 1.275 0.990 0.828 0.519 0.364 1.000 0.067 0.047 0.064 0.999 0.986 0.982 filter ( neq0 ) ( ^0 ) 0.191 0.949 0.062 1.000 0.189 0.090 0.180 1.016 0.004 0.036 0.004 1.014 0.423 1.029 filter ( eq0 ) ( map0 ) 0.220 1.000 1.163 1.049 0.334 0.805 0.231 1.005 0.090 0.019 0.057 1.003 0.981 1.014 filter ( eq0 ) ( ^0 ) 0.131 1.010 0.435 1.177 0.164 0.154 0.137 1.008 0.050 0.019 0.014 1.003 0.738 1.060 zip_filter 0.327 0.991 1.476 0.997 0.093 0.447 0.339 0.995 0.068 0.014 0.041 0.201 1.277 0.815 filter_zip 0.283 0.990 1.024 1.475 0.077 0.785 0.297 0.982 0.083 0.019 0.054 1.000 1.071 0.987 filter_evens 0.180 0.984 0.985 0.998 0.186 0.548 0.109 0.115 sum ( $a* $b ) 0.167 1.475 0.982 0.978 0.074 1.115 0.141 1.476 0.090 0.941 0.079 0.955 0.120 0.642 sum ( $a*$b ) ( zip ) 0.167 1.475 1.430 1.344 0.139 1.474 0.143 0.998 sum[m..n ]
0.137 0.516 1.042 0.994 0.273 1.014 0.104 0.371 0.063 0.043 0.062 0.065 0.090 0.048 sumsq( map ) 0.167 0.566 1.012 0.985 0.364 1.012 0.140 0.404 0.079 0.047 0.082 0.069 0.120 0.051 sumsq( zip ) 0.088 0.557 1.009 0.968 0.115 1.002 0.165 1.017 0.153 0.061 0.107 0.180 0.272 0.309 sum_evens 0.190 2.114 0.938 1.041 0.115 1.379 0.078 0.053
Usage
The current interface is rather minimalistic .
After building NoSlow , you get two binaries : noslow and noslow - table .
The first one runs the actual benchmarks and produces a log file :
noslow -u log
The log can then be fed to noslow - table to generate HTML tables :
noslow - table log > table.
html
We can also restrict the output to a particular data type :
noslow - table log -- type =Double > table.html
or compare two logs :
noslow - table -- diff log1 log2 > table.
html
In this case , the table will contain ratios of corresponding values from the two logs , just like in the table above .
Compiling
NoSlow should work out of the box with GHC 6.10 .
I have n’t tried it with 6.12 because I did n’t have time to install the release candidate and the required packages .
Getting it to build with the HEAD ( which is what I ’m interested in ) is a rather annoying process , though , because uvector is missing a DPH patch which would make it work with the new IO system .
Fortunately , I could simply transplant some code from the DPH library ( the module is dph- base / Data / Array / Parallel / Data / Array / Parallel / Arr/BUArr.hs ) and everything worked .
Also , storablevector depends on QuickCheck 1 which does n’t seem to compile with the HEAD .
I just removed all references to QuickCheck from the code but it might be easier to simply not build the storablevector backend ( there is a flag for that ) .
How it works
Benchmarking itself is rather straighforward – all the exciting bits are in criterion .
The heart of NoSlow is the specialiser – a Template Haskell function that takes a bunch of abstract loop kernels and specialises them for a particular backend and data type .
Here is how it works .
The kernels themselves are implemented in a TH quote :
kernels = [ d | ... dotp :: ( Num a , I.Vector v a ) => Ty ( v a ) -> v a -> v a -> a dotp _ as bs = named " sum ( $ a * $ b ) " $ I.sum ( I.zipWith ( * ) as bs ) ... |]
They refer to functions from module I ( short for NoName .
Backend .
Interface ) which are just stubs and do not provide any real functionality .
The specialiser traverses the ASTs of the kernels ( which it has access to since they are quoted ) and replaces references to those stubs with calls to functions from the backend that it is specialising for .
For instance , it replaces I.sum by NoSlow .
Backend .
List.sum ( which is just a reexport of the Prelude function ) when specialising for lists .
It also adjusts signatures and looks for tags like named in the example above which defines the kernel ’s name in the HTML output .
This scheme has one big advantage : it allows backends to mark some kernels as unsupported .
An example is storablevector which does not support arrays of pairs .
The corresponding backend defines zip like this :
zip :: Undefined zip = Undefined
When replacing I.zip with NoSlow .
Backend .StorableVector.zip , the specialiser reifies the latter , notices that its type is Unsupported and omits the kernel that contains the call to zip altogether .
HARARE , Zimbabwe —
There were wry smiles at many Zimbabwean breakfast tables this week when it was announced in the government press that President Robert Mugabe is attending the Rome summit of the United Nations ’ Food and Agriculture Organisation .
Zimbabweans — black and white alike — see the irony of Mugabe grasping at the chance to attend an international conference where the theme is food security .
Mugabe 's policies have turned Zimbabwe from a nation with bountiful harvests to a country perennially dependent upon international food aid .
Nobody has done more to wreck Zimbabwe ’s post - independence record of food production than Mugabe .
Under his direction one of Africa ’s most productive agricultures has been transformed into a wasteland .
Vast acreages of corn , fruit and horticulture have been seized , plundered and in many cases willfully destroyed by Mugabe ’s supporters .
Forests have been cut down and river systems polluted as the president ’s land redistribution policies have wreaked havoc on the land .
As if enough damage has not been done , the violent seizure of the few remaining white - owned farms continues .
And about 152 of the estimated 400 remaining white commercial farmers have been prosecuted recently for continuing to occupy their homesteads and farm their land .
This while Zimbabwe is dependent upon handouts for its destitute rural population .
White farmers such as Ben Freeth in Chegutu , southwest of the capital Harare , and his wife ’s elderly parents have been badly beaten by Mugabe ’s thugs and their bones broken for refusing to leave their home .
“ It appears there has been no move to re-establish the rule of law , ” Freeth declared last week , “ and there have been no repercussions for the perpetrators or even investigations into police participation in lawlessness . ”
Freeth ’s invective is directed more at Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai ’s failure to act decisively than Mugabe ’s predictable rampage .
Even black resettled farmers suspected of opposing Mugabe ’s Zanu - PF party are having their farms repossessed and given to the 85 - year - old leader ’s adherents .
The anarchy on the land is impacting negatively on food security , employment and economic growth , Freeth pointed out as Mugabe strutted upon the international stage in Rome .
After much prodding by Zimbabwe ’s regional neighbors in the Southern African Development Community ( SADC ) , Tsvangirai has returned to cabinet meetings following his boycott of the government of national unity over Mugabe ’s failure to honor terms reached last year .
But the heat is on Mugabe as well .
As a result of a recent SADC deal in Maputo , Mozambique , the president is under increased pressure from his peers to accept the conditions he signed up to despite his repeated claims that he has fulfilled all requirements .
Outstanding issues include the removal of Reserve Bank Governor Gideon Gono and Attorney General Johannes Tomana .
Tsvangirai ’s Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) holds
Gono responsible for monetary delinquency and Tomana for selective application of the law of the sort MDC treasurer Roy Bennett has been subjected to .
But Mugabe has adamantly insisted that these two loyalists will stay where they are .
Ministers from Mozambique , Swaziland and Zambia , who were in the country in October to assess the power - sharing deal , expressed concerns about the management of the police force .
They reported to SADC that although ministers from the two main parties were working together well at the Ministry of Home Affairs , management of the police remains a problem .
Senior police officers have been openly defiant of the new order , even to the extent in one case of refusing to meet the MDC co-minister , Giles Mutsekwa , during a regional tour .
Another problem area identifed by the SADC ministers was security .
The National Security Council was set up under the so - called global political agreement between the parties last year and it contains the army , police and prisons service .
It has only met once since the government of national unity was formed in February .
It is widely seen as an instrument of Mugabe ’s Zanu - PF party .
Similarly , a National Economic Council has not been constituted despite an urgent need for consensus on economic policy .
The whole point of the SADC - mediated political detente in Zimbabwe has been to prevent Mugabe damaging the economy to the extent that Zimbabweans become poorer and neighboring countries suffer collateral damage .
With his announcement two weeks ago that the widely reviled Zimbabwe dollar will be reintroduced before Christmas , regional observers will have received some indication of both his capacity for damage and his detachment from the real world .
The Zimbabwe dollar is associated with 10 - digit inflation , uncertainty , bank lines and corruption .
Zimbabweans hate the unit as emblematic of all that was rotten and painful in their daily lives .
It is however unlikely to reappear anytime soon despite the best efforts of Mugabe and Gono .
It is the one issue that is calculated to unite the nation against Mugabe and his followers seem to know it .
Not a single member of his party has spoken up to support the president ’s plan .
Meanwhile , President Ian Khama of Botswana , a forthright critic of Mugabe , said that free and fair elections are the only avenue out of Zimbabwe 's perennial crisis .
“ There can be no substitute , ” Khama told the Botswanan parliament in Gaborone , “ for free , fair , and credible elections where people elect representatives of their choice and not have them imposed on them through rigged elections , brutalizing opponents , military interventions , constitutional amendments to stay longer in power and one - man rule that goes on for decades . ”
Khama left his audience in no doubt who he was talking about .
“ One thing which I fear may become a trend in Africa if not stopped is where an individual or party in order to stay in power engage in unconstitutional and undemocratic actions to achieve this which , as we have already witnessed , result in power - sharing arrangements and one - man rule . ”
Al Gore , the former American vice - president , yesterday hit back at critics who are labelling him the first " carbon billionaire " from his earnings as an investor in green technology , dismissing them as " global - warming deniers " .
Since leaving office in 2001 , Mr Gore has become a powerful advocate of government policies to limit carbon dioxide emissions .
This week sees the launch of his latest book , Our Choice : A Plan to Solve the Climate Crisis , a sequel to his earlier work , which was also a successful film , entitled An Inconvenient Truth .
As the Copenhagen talks on a new climate - change treaty approach and the US Congress grapples with draft laws to curb emissions , Mr Gore 's profile will only swell further .
But as it does , so does the chorus asking if his advocacy for action on climate change is about self - enrichment as much as saving the planet .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Some of his green investments were outlined yesterday by The New York Times .
Mr Gore is a partner in the Silicon Valley venture - capital firm Kleiner , Perkins , Caufield and Byers , which has interests in companies developing alternative energy and energy - efficient technologies .
He is also a co-founder of London - based Generation Investment Management , which has holdings in eco-energy companies .
He defended his business activities on ABC TV and denied he was on the way to becoming a carbon billionaire .
" I am proud to have put my money where my mouth is for the past 30 years , " he said .
" And though that is not the majority of my business activities , I absolutely believe in investing in accordance with my beliefs and my values . "
The new book reiterates the mantra that nothing will happen on climate change without political will .
"
We need to protect our national security , create more jobs , solve the climate crisis and do right by our kids , " he said on ABC .
The book also explores numerous possible solutions to climate change , touching on such issues as forest management , geo - thermal energy and nuclear power generation , drawn from a series of " solutions summits " he held at his Tennessee home with experts .
It was almost inevitable that Mr Gore would become a target of those unconvinced by the alarm bells about global warming , particularly on the American right .
" If you really want to save the planet , put down the cheeseburgers and pick up your veggie burger , " Glenn Beck , the conservative TV anchor , quipped recently , apparently referring to the dangers of methane emissions from the bovine species .
While the former presidential candidate is not a lobbyist in the traditional sense , he is a frequent visitor to Capitol Hill where he continues to press members of Congress to pass legislation to curb emissions .
In April , he was famously put on the spot about his business interests in the industry by the Republican Marsha Blackburn .
Mr Gore , who earns in excess of $ 100,000 ( £ 60,000 ) for speaking engagements reacted testily to the implication in her question about a possible conflict of interest .
" Congresswoman , if you believe that the reason I have been working on this issue for 30 years is because of greed , " he said , " you do n't know me " .
I highly recommend Dr. Kim !
We can't thank you enough for all that you have done over the years .
The entire team is so nice and very professional - you truly feel like family .
Thank you !
John M .
on Google
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : time to tighten the scrotum strap
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I think it 's time for a worse swear than " cunt " .
It used to be that was the absolute top of the swearing hierarchy .
You could stop any discussion just by flashing the joker of all swear words .
I mean ... wow .
Cunt . it 's got two hard consonants .
Not only that , but they are at the beginning and at the end .
Come in with a crash , go out with a bang .
And the 'u ' gives it that really short syllable sound .
See , the word " fuck " is similar , but it 's just too undecided .
First off , it begins with sort of a foo foo sounding letter ... fffff , I mean what 's that ?
Then as far as the meaning , well it 's just not focused enough ... could be a noun , could be a verb ... you can combine it with other words , there 's just no direction .
Make up your mind .
Now ... " cunt " , there 's a word that knows exactly what it 's trying to say .
It does n't need a context .
But now everyone 's on the cunt bandwagon , and it 's just not the same anymore .
There is n't that thrill of " ooohhh , who 's gonna top that ? " .
It 's just mundane everyday now .
We need something that can be applied to anyone , an equal opportunity word like fuck or cunt but worse .
Cuck ?
Nah , that 's too much like cock .
What about Funt ?
No , that just sounds like gay football or something .
So , anyway , if someone 's got any ideas ... run it by the rnr panel of judges , and we 'll let you know if yours is a winner .
For now , let 's slow down on the usage of cunt ... like antibiotics .
And do n't forget to wash your ass .
This has been a public service announcement .
Health Care : Waiting to Exhale
The US Senate ’s Democrats pushed the federal government ’s latest corporate welfare scheme — fraudulently labeled “ health care reform ” — past a key cloture vote on Saturday .
The outcome of that vote dramatically enhances the American insurance industry ’s prospects for receiving what may be the largest taxpayer subsidy in history .
How big is the subsidy ?
It ’s impossible to predict with any certainty , but we can rationally speculate .
The Obama administration ’s claims that “ health care reform ” will reduce patient costs are laughable on their face .
When you force everyone to buy something — or , to put it a different way , when you forcibly increase demand versus supply for that thing — the price of that thing goes up , not down .
Per the US Census Bureau ( Excel statistics file ) , there were about 78 million families in the US in 2008 .
Per the Association of Health Insurance Plans ( PDF ) , the average family paid $ 5,799 per year for health insurance as of 2007 .
If those numbers remain roughly accurate , the “ individual mandate ” provision of “ health care reform ” constitutes a guaranteed transfer of wealth from the taxpayers to the insurers of about $ 450 billion per year .
In fact , I suspect that that estimate is way , way low .
The numbers are old .
The estimate does n’t account for non-family insurance purchases ( individual policies cost more per person than family policies ) .
And the prices are almost certain to rise dramatically once purchase is required rather than merely recommended .
I ’ll be very surprised if the final total take of this robbery scheme comes to less than a trillion dollars a year .
What most people are missing is that this corporate welfare package is the whole point of the legislation .
Any “ health care reform ” bill that makes it to President Obama ’s desk for his signature will consist of two things and two things only :
1 ) The insurance industry subsidy ; and
2 ) a bunch of hyperbole designed to disguise the centrality of the insurance industry subsidy .
What about the “ public option ? ”
Its chances of turning up in the final Senate bill , or of making into the final bill during the House / Senate reconciliation process , fall into the tiny range separating “ slim ” and “ none . ”
And if it does turn up against all odds , it will be neutered so as to serve the single purpose of providing its insurance industry beneficiaries with a dumping ground for patients they can’t profitably insure even with a mandate and a monopoly .
The “ health care reform ” movement in Congress is a con , a fraud , a snow job .
And how could it have been anything else ?
This is what government does .
It seizes power — any power it can seize , under any pretext it can invent for doing so — and it uses that power to reward its friends and backers .
In the area of “ social welfare , ” or “ the safety net , ” the approach of government resembles nothing so much as the modus operandi of a boa constrictor on the hunt .
Boas are patient and loving predators .
They do n’t beat , bite or poison their victims .
They just … embrace them .
Give ’em a big , squeezy hug .
Each time the victim breathes out , the squeeze gets a little tighter , making it harder to inhale the next breath .
The victim eventually dies … not from trauma , but from slow asphyxiation .
Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi are waiting for you to exhale so they can squeeze you and so their friends , patrons and benefactors in the insurance industry can eat you .
They ’re the boa ’s muscle .
The insurance industry is the boa ’s mouth .
If we allow ourselves to be ruled by governments , those governments are , sooner or later , going to involve themselves in health care .
And when government involves itself in health care , it does so at the expense of the productive masses and for the benefit of the privileged elites .
Substitute any phrase you like for “ health care ” and the statement will remain true .
As you might have heard , after reissuing a portion of their back catalogue digitally , Interplay also seem to be re-retailing some of their classic games .
Make of that ethically what you will - especially in relation to the recent , omnipresent lawsuits - but as things stand , it seems that the earlier Planescape : Torment release date got pushed back a month , and the current release date stands at the 20th – that is , in a few days .
That means we have just enough time to outline how to best install mods for the game !
First off , we would start with installing the official v1.1 patch .
This is not required for 2CD versions of the game , though I ’ve never come across those .
After that , the smartest choice is bigg ’s unambiguous Widescreen Mod , currently sitting at v2.2 - as an added plus , it works for other games built on the Infinity engine , too .
To get more bang for you buck with the bigger resolution you just got , you should also install GhostDog ’s PS :T UI mod for the aforementioned .
According to the site , it makes “ 1280×800 , 1280×720 , 1280×768 and 1280×1024 resolutions viable for Planescape : Torment by changing a number of things in the UI . ”
Here are a few examples of the improvements ( via The Codex Forums ) :
Finally , there is an unofficial Fix Pack available ( v1.37 ) that attempts to rectify some issues not already solved by the official 1.1 patch .
Now , if you want to go the extra mile , you could also install the “ Planescape : Torment Ultimate WeiDU Fixpack “ , which promises to fix “ hundreds of bugs and thousands of typos ” ( and additionally comes with the fixes contained in the Fix Pack above plus more ) .
The most experimental of personalities can also proceed with the “ Planescape : Torment Unfinished Business ” and “ Qwinn ’s Planescape : Torment Tweaks ” patches , all three of which were released by Qwinn .
Here are all the previous steps :
Official patch v1.1 bigg ’s Widescreen Mod v2.6
( If the aforementioned mirror is down , you can find the file here ) GhostDog ’s PS:T UI mod v2.2 Fix Pack v1.37
Planescape : Torment Ultimate WeiDU Fixpack Planescape : Torment Unfinished Business Qwinn ’s Planescape : Torment Tweaks
Any other mods and / or patches you would recommend ?
It was a bad idea from the start , but even as bad ideas go , this one went horribly wrong .
A 38 - year - old Avon Lake , Ohio , man is set to plead guilty to federal charges after spyware he allegedly meant to install on the computer of a woman he'd had a relationship with ended up infecting computers at Akron Children 's Hospital .
In late February 2008 , Scott Graham shelled out US $ 115 for a spyware program called SpyAgent and sent it to the woman , according to a plea agreement filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northeastern District of Ohio .
He allegedly sent the spyware to the woman 's Yahoo e-mail address , hoping that it would give him a way to monitor what she was doing on her PC .
But instead , she opened the spyware on a computer in the hospital 's pediatric cardiac surgery department , creating a regulatory nightmare for the hospital .
The complaint does not explain how Graham managed to convince the woman to install the program , but clever attackers often trick their victims into clicking on files by saying that they are interesting videos or some kind of useful software .
Between March 19 and March 28 the spyware sent more than 1,000 screen captures to Graham via e-mail .
They included details of medical procedures , diagnostic notes and other confidential information relating to 62 hospital patients .
He was also able to obtain e-mail and financial records of four other hospital employees as well , the plea agreement states .
Graham , who is set to formally enter a guilty plea on Sept. 30 to one count of illegally intercepting electronic communications , will pay $ 33,000 to the hospital for damages caused by the incident .
He faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison .
" While Scott Graham does take responsibility for his conduct , it was never his intention to harm any organization or entity , " said his attorney , Ian Friedman , in a telephone interview .
" He had to learn the hard way that what may be advertised on the Internet does n't necessary produce what 's promised . "
Products such as SpyAgent are marketed as legitimate tools to help employers or worried parents keep track of what 's going on with their computers , but they can easily be misused to spy on innocent victims , said Eric Howes , director of research services with antivirus company Sunbelt Software .
His company flags SpyAgent as a " commercial keylogger . "
" Our enterprise customers are concerned about these kinds of tools being used in an unauthorized fashion on their networks , " Howes said .
" They have completely legitimate uses , but if I went home and found a copy of [ this type of software ] on my computer , I would be concerned . "
Still Howes faulted the hospital 's IT staff for allowing someone to download spyware from Yahoo mail and install it on their systems .
" That points to a security failing at that hospital , but then they are n't that different from 99 percent of companies out there , " he said .
Many companies block workers from accessing personal Web sites such as Yahoo or Facebook .
The U.S. attorney prosecuting this case , Robert Kern , did not return messages seeking comment .
A spokeswoman with the Akron Children 's Hospital was unaware of the case and unable to comment .
A Huckabee clemency * gone awry ?
The Seattle Times reports that the man suspected of shooting four police officers in Washington State was granted clemency in Arkansas nine years ago by then - Governor Mike Huckabee .
Huckabee had reportedly pardoned the suspected shooter , Maurice Clemmons , because he was just 17 when his original crimes were committed .
( Clemmons was still on parole , and should apparently have been sent back to jail in Arkansas more recently . )
But it 's a tragic , and politically damaging story of the kind that , with the name Willie Horton attached , helped derail Mike Dukakis 's bid for the White House .
And the story also recalls another act of clemency gone awry : Huckabee advocated for parole for a convicted rapist who -- his allies said -- had been railroaded by Huckabee predecessor Bill Clinton .
The rapist , Wayne DuMond , was released ; he raped and murdered another woman .
Mitt Romney made the DuMond story a centerpiece of his campaign against Huckabee in Iowa in 2007 .
CBS has a good account of the story .
UPDATE : Huckabee granted Clemmons clemency -- which required the parole board to approve his release -- rather than a straight - up pardon .
RingCentral offers a variety of toll - free numbers so customers can phone your business free of charge .
You can choose the instantly recognizable 800 number prefix or choose from 888 , 877 , 866 , 855 , and 844 numbers .
You can also create a custom vanity phone number to reinforce your company branding .
Vanity numbers often spell out words , such as 1 -800 - GREAT - BIZ , making them easier for you and your customers to remember .
RingCentral numbers are competitively priced , so you can use them for all of your business needs .
Minute bundles range from 1,000 - to 100,000 - minute sets to satisfy even the highest - volume users .
Additional minutes are available for automatic purchase .
He assesses the low morale at most major American airlines caused by bankruptcies , pay cuts , union strife and the decimation of retirement pensions .
He refers to these things as “ the insults of an airline career . ”
Image William Langewiesche Credit ...
Clovis Franca
He painstakingly reconstructs what happened that January day on Flight 1549 , and spends a good deal of time talking about the damage birds can do to an aircraft .
He writes about how the National Transportation Safety Board goes about its work , and about the physics of gliding .
The book is also filled with hair - raising stories of other flights in peril , the kind of thing Mr. Langewiesche writes about as well as anyone alive .
He is so familiar with airplanes that his descriptions of how they work are simple and revelatory .
“ Jet engines are air compressors , ” he writes .
“ They gulp the outside air , compress it with fans and fire , and shove it out the back at high speed . ”
This book ’s true hero  this will be an additional insult to some of Sully ’s admirers  is a Frenchman , a former test and fighter pilot named Bernard Ziegler , whom Mr. Langewiesche calls “ one of the great engineers of our time . ”
In the 1970s and ’ 80s , working for Airbus , Mr. Ziegler and his colleagues perfected a revolutionary system known as “ fly - by - wire control , ” marrying electrical circuits and digital computers to make almost perfect flying machines .
“ Within the limits of physics and structural science , ” Mr. Langewiesche writes , “ Ziegler and his colleagues identified the wrinkles of conventional handling and mostly ironed them out . ”
The airplanes that resulted  including the Airbus A320  are not only easy to fly and filled with redundancies that make mechanical backup systems unnecessary , but they will also not let pilots make certain mistakes .
The airplane “ will intervene to keep people alive , ” Mr. Langewiesche writes .
Because these rare interventions cannot be overridden , they are not popular with all pilots .
The fly - by - wire system was n’t designed to protect passengers from people like Sully , Mr. Langewiesche writes , but from “ people at the low end of the scale , who occasionally will be at the controls of any airplane that is widely sold and flown .
Unsafe pilots ?
Sure , of course , there are quite a few , and testing can only go so far in weeding them out . ”
A comic crashes into view even though Tony pissed off some warlocks and Wes checked his mercy at the door .
TFB reader Mehul emailed me some photos that his friend , a law enforcement officer , took of confiscated homemade pistols manufactured by Naxalite ( communist ) rebels in North East India .
Mehul said that when he was in India some years ago their backyard guns were very primitive .
Automobile exhaust tubes were being used as barrels for crude muzzle loading blackpowder firearms .
They appear to have improved their gun making skills since then .
Nice grips !
Click to expand .
James is right , I am fascinated by homemade weaponry .
Thanks to Mehul for the photos and info .
Angelika Beer , Mitbegründerin , von 2002 - 2004 Vorsitzende und Europaabgeordnete der Grünen wechselt zu der Piratenpartei .
Pressemitteilung :
Elf Jahre als Abgeordnete im Bundestag und fünf Jahre im Europaparlament , Mitbegründerin und ehemalige Bundesvorsitzende der GRÜNEN sowie zahlreiche parlamentarische und außerparlamentarische Funktionen machen Angelika Beer zu einer der erfahrensten Frauen in der bundesdeutschen Politik .
Ab sofort steht dieser Erfahrungsschatz den Piraten nach ihrem Beitritt zum Landesverband Schleswig - Holstein der Piratenpartei zur Verfügung .
Im zurückliegenden Wahlkampf hat sie die Piratenpartei bereits gewählt und auch tatkräftig unterstützt .
Anders als andere Politiker , die von einem
Tag auf den anderen die Partei wechseln , hat sich Angelika Beer allerdings den Schritt , der Piratenpartei beizutreten , sehr gut überlegt .
Sie hat sich dafür fast acht Monate Zeit genommen , weil sie nichts vom „ Parteienhopping “ hält .
Inhaltlich fiel es Angelika Beer angesichts der Übereinstimmung mit den Kernthemen der Piratenpartei leicht , eine neue politische Heimat bei den Piraten zu finden .
Die konsequent basisdemokratisch ablaufenden Entscheidungsprozesse mit all ihren Vor- und Nachteilen im politischen Alltag machten die Partei für sie zusätzlich attraktiv .
Die in den letzten Jahren vor allem als außen - und sicherheitspolitische Expertin hervorgetretene Politikerin war stets auch als Menschen - und Bürgerrechtlerin aktiv .
Bereits 1990 war sie Referentin für Menschenrechtsfragen und blickt damit auf beinahe 20 Jahre politische Tätigkeit in diesem Feld zurück .
Die Piratenpartei betrachtet es deshalb auch als besonderes politisches Kompliment , dass Angelika Beer Menschenrechtsfragen bei den Piraten als sehr gut aufgehoben betrachtet und freut sich auf ihre Mitarbeit .
Angelika Beer sprach am vergangenen Wochenende auf der „ Demonstration gegen Rechtsextremismus “ in Husum im Sinne der Piratenpartei .
Dass sie dabei ganz offensichtlich die richtigen
Töne anschlug , belegte der Beifall der Teilnehmer .
Sie sagte unter anderem : » Jede und jeder der von unserer Demokratie nicht nur profitieren , sondern sie auch verteidigen will , ist aufgerufen , nicht nur von Zivilcourage zu reden , sondern Bündnisse zu suchen , um Zivilcourage zu praktizieren .
Jedes Stück Demokratie , das wir nicht aktiv verteidigen , droht zu einer Grauzone zu werden , die die extreme Rechte versucht zu besetzen . «
Sie zitierte den schwedischen Schriftsteller Stieg Larsen , um die Menschen anzusprechen , die meinen , den Rechtsextremen ihre Existenzberechtigung aufgrund der grundgesetzlich garantierten Meinungsfreiheit zubilligen zu können : » Die [ … ]
Demokratie baut im Kern auf einem einzigen Recht auf , nämlich der Meinungsfreiheit .
Es ist das unveräußerliche Recht , zu sagen , zu denken und zu glauben , was man will .
Dieses Recht gilt für alle Staatsbürger , vom primitivsten Neonazi bis zum Steine werfenden Anarchisten , und für alles was dazwischen liegt . [ … ]
Diese Freiheit bedeutet jedoch nicht , dass alles erlaubt ist , wie es gewisse Meinungsfundamentalisten , vor allem pädophile und rassistische Gruppierungen , in der kulturpolitischen Debatte so gern ins Feld führen .
Jede Demokratie hat ihre Grenzen , und die Grenzen der Meinungsfreiheit werden vom Pressegesetz geregelt . [ … ]
Es ist verboten , zu Verbrechen aufzufordern oder aufzuwiegeln .
Es ist verboten , einen anderen Menschen in seiner Ehre zu beleidigen und zu verleumden .
Und es ist verboten , gegen eine Volksgruppe zu hetzen . [ … ]
Der Grundgedanke hinter dieser Gesetzgebung ist der , dass kein Mensch das Recht hat , einen anderen Menschen zu schikanieren oder zu erniedrigen . «
Angelika Beer erinnerte an die traurige Kette rechtsextremistischer Straftaten von Solingen , Rostock , Lübeck und Mölln bis hin zu den allein im September 2009 begangenen 1.488 Straftaten mit rechtsextremem Hintergrund , von denen 98 Gewalttaten waren .
Die Waffenfunde bei Neonazis in Nordfriesland im Oktober 2009 , bei denen u.a. sechs Maschinenpistolen sichergestellt wurden , unterstreichen , wie gewaltbereit und gefährlich die Rechtsextremen sind , so Angelika Beer .
Die Morddrohungen einer besonders radikal agierenden Neonazibande gegen einen Jugendlichen aus Aachen oder den lebensgefährlichen Angriff auf einen Schwarzafrikaner in Hamburg vor wenigen Tagen sprach sie genau so an , wie den Vorfall , der zur Demo in Husum führte .
Jugendliche auf dem Heimweg wurden in Husum von Rechtsextremen angegriffen .
New : regular expressions Pattern matching is now possible with the regex type .
The syntax is what is used in Javascript , so that it executes natively in the browser .
The MATCH statement has been added , making it possible to use SWITCH with a string and use a regex :
SWITCH text
MATCH " [ A - Z ] [ a - z ] + " ; capword = text
MATCH " [ 0 - 9 ] + " ; number = text
}
New : testing support
If your tests are in MyModule_test.zu you can run them with :
zimbu test MyModule_test.zu
This also works for Javascript .
Read about it in the Zimbu specification Zimbu presentation on T - Dose The video of the presentation is now available on youtube .
Recently changed Zimbu Templates ( ZUT ) is the new way of creating a web page or a UI for your application .
You create your page with HTML and CSS , like a web page , and then add Zimbu code for the interactivity .
The same templates can be used on the server and on the client .
This means rendering can be done on the server .
Listening on events is very simple .
Have a look in the zutdemo directory for examples .
It is still incomplete , but you can see how it works .
Also see the ZUT specification and the ZUT module documentation
The CTX library provides dependency injection .
An object that is added to the context can be used in a method down the call stack , without explicitly passing it as a method argument .
This is used for ZUT .
Context in Zimbu templates .
Zimbu examples
The Hello World program : hello.zu :
FUNC Main ( ) int
IO .print ( " Hello , World ! " )
RETURN 0
} The details are explained on the Hello World page .
Larger examples : Unix echo command in 21 lines
Inheritance in Zimbu and C++
An overview of special features of Zimbu on the An overview of special features of Zimbu on the highlights page .
The biggest existing Zimbu program is the Zimbu compiler itself .
You can browse the code here Install and run Zimbu Down load a snapshot or clone the Mercurial repository from bitbucket.org / zimbu/zimbu
For instructions see the Getting Started page .
Discuss Zimbu
The maillist is here : http://groups.google.com/group/zimbu-discuss
Live demo
This is written completely in Zimbu :
a small HTTP server , running a servlet that builds the code and executes the binary .
a UI defined in ZWT , this is translated into Javascript to run in your browser
a protocol buffer to define the messages exchanged between UI and server
This is included with the source code , in the " livedemo " directory .
Since Zimbu builds and runs fast , an interactive demo has been made .
This allows typing Zimbu code in your browser and the output ( or compiler errors ) show up immediately .
This is written completely in Zimbu :
This is included with the source code , in the " livedemo " directory .
Status
The language is somewhere between a " proof of concept " and version 1.0 .
The compiler can compile itself and most programs .
The examples on this site run properly .
Not all parts of the language have been implemented and there are a few bugs and hacks .
This website has useful info but is still incomplete , much more to follow .
More information on the
More information on the main work items page .
Why Zimbu ?
Suppose you want to write a new program , something like a text editor .
What language would you write it in ?
Suppose you want to write a new program , something like a text editor .
What language would you write it in ?
It has to be as fast as possible , so interpreted languages are out .
You do n't want to micro manage memory , so C is out .
You do n't want to require programmers to have a degree , so C++ is out .
You want fast startup and not depend on a big runtime , so Java is out .
It has to run on most systems , anything with a C compiler , so D is out .
You want to have fun making something new .
No existing language really meets these demands , so let 's create a new one that does !
No existing language really meets these demands , so let 's create a new one that does !
Zimbu is an experimental programming language .
It is a very practical , no - nonsense kind of language .
It mixes the good things of many existing languages and avoids their deficiencies .
And then throws in a few brand new ideas .
Goals More on the Goals page .
easy to read back - code is read N times more often than it is written
avoid common mistakes - make it difficult to write bad code ( but you can write hacks if you really want to )
keep it short and clear , do n't state the same thing twice - no header files , do not repeat type specs
the effect of a statement should be predictable and not depend on something in another file
efficient execution : no startup delay , reasonable memory use - no Just In Time compiler effects , minimize " stop the world " garbage collection .
support a wide range of applications - Zimbu can be used to write an OS kernel , a short script and a big GUI application
portable - be able to compile and run on almost any system
many standard data types , modules and classes - most things you need are already there
Choices Main choices made so far ( more on the design page ) :
convert the program to C and use the C compiler to produce machine code ( could be something else later )
also produce Javascript , so that Zimbu code can be run in a web browser .
mainly use static type checking , also support runtime type checking
object oriented , all data is handled like an object , but there also are simple types
support for functional programming , with callbacks and lambda methods
an import defines one symbol , this avoids name conflicts in large projects
the standard modules and classes are available without an import statement
many modules are part of the language , no need for third party libraries
all keywords are in capitals , you can use all other names without worrying about the next version breaking your program
What is Load Testing A definitive Guide

When companies introduce certain discounts  like Sprint ’s recent offer of free calling to any mobile number  the effect is that customers often switch to more expensive plans .

One thing that is costing cellphone companies a lot of money to provide is the one thing they offer for a flat rate with no limits : surfing the Web on gadgets like the iPhone .
There is nothing obvious or necessary about this approach to pricing .
In many parts of the world , you simply buy a phone from a store , then buy a card that entitles you to talk for a set number of minutes .
Use up the card and buy more minutes .
No contracts .
No surprising charges .
No confused economists .
But for all the complexity , cellphones American - style do have a certain supersized logic .
Americans spend more money each month on their wireless bills than people in any other country .
But the money we spend buys a whole lot more talk time and text messages than it does elsewhere .
On average , we effectively spend about 5 cents per minute of talk time and about a penny a text message , lower than anywhere else in the developed world .
Image Credit ...
Hal Mayforth
This year , the deals are becoming even better .
For people who want to surf the Web on their phones , wireless companies are willing to sell them iPhones , BlackBerrys and other sleek gadgets for hundreds of dollars less than they cost .
The catch , of course , is that customers need to pay $ 30 or so extra each month for Internet access .
For those who just want to talk and text without a fancy phone , there is hot competition to offer lower - price , unlimited phone plans that do n’t require contracts .
In many ways , however , the least important factor in setting prices is the actual cost of providing cellular service .
Cellphone companies resemble airlines , that other industry whose oblique prices exasperate consumers .
Think of a cellphone network as one giant airplane that costs tens of billions of dollars to build .
The cellphone companies do n’t really know how much it costs to handle a call to Aunt Suzy in Syracuse , any more than an airline can calculate a specific cost for Seat 12B .
Demonstrators tore the mosque down using hammers and their bare hands India 's main opposition BJP has reacted angrily to reports that its leaders are implicated in an inquiry into the 1992 demolition of the Babri Masjid mosque .
Parliament was in uproar on Monday over the leaked inquiry report which is said to blame senior BJP figures including Atal Behari Vajpayee and LK Advani .
The Liberhan commission report was submitted to the government in June but its contents have not been made public .
Some 2,000 people died in riots across India after the mosque was demolished .
The commission was set up to investigate events that led to a Hindu mob tearing down the disputed mosque in the northern town of Ayodhya .
Led by former high court judge MS Liberhan , the inquiry took 17 years to complete its work , at a cost of more than 65 m rupees ( $ 1.3 m ) .
Details about the commission 's findings appeared in the Indian media on Monday .
' Political motive ' ANALYSIS Geeta Pandey
BBC News , Delhi
It was a day of angry exchanges in parliament .
Shouting " shame , shame " , opposition lawmakers twice forced the lower house ( Lok Sabha ) to adjourn .
BJP leader LK Advani waved copies of an Indian newspaper and demanded to know who was behind the leaked report .
" I 'm surprised , the report is not even before parliament , so how did it get leaked to this newspaper ? "
Mr Advani has long denied accusations that he encouraged the rioters - but he was charged in a special court in July 2005 with inciting a mob to attack the mosque .
Once the Liberhan report is published it will be used as evidence , legal experts say .
But the case is far from over - any order passed by the special court will be challenged in the high court and then in the Supreme Court .
" I am stunned .
I was shocked to see that the report has been leaked .
I want to know who has leaked the report , " senior Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) leader LK Advani said in parliament .
" If what is written is correct , the conclusions are false .
There was no conspiracy , no planning .
I was distressed by the demolition of the mosque . "
BJP leaders accused the Congress party - led government of " selective leaks " to distract attention from the economy and corruption - and demanded parliament see the report immediately .
Home Minister P Chidambaram denied his ministry was behind the " unfortunate " leak .
The angry opposition shouted : " No , it 's not just unfortunate , it 's shameful . "
Mr Chidambaram said Justice Liberhan 's 900 - page report was being translated into Hindi .
The report is due to be put before parliament on 22 December , along with an " action taken report " by the government .
The Indian Express newspaper reported the build - up to the demolition of the mosque had been meticulously planned , and said the commission of inquiry had described BJP leaders as " pseudo - moderates " .
The report apparently exonerates the Congress prime minister at the time , PV Narasimha Rao , of any responsibility - saying the federal government could not act in the absence of any recommendation from the state governor .
Controversial mosque
The site of the 16th Century Babri Masjid had been a focus for Hindu - Muslim hostility for decades .
On 6 December 1992 a mob of Hindu militants tore the mosque down .
LIBERHAN COMMISSION
Set up in December 1992 days after Ayodhya mosque demolition Led by Justice MS Liberhan , a sitting high court judge Had about 400 sittings , 48 extensions and lasted almost 17 years Questioned powerful figures including former prime ministers Submitted its report to the government in June 2009 Rioters claimed the site had been a temple marking the birthplace of the Hindu God Ram .
The destruction of the mosque was one of the most divisive events in Indian history and led to Hindu - Muslim riots across the country in which more than 2,000 people were killed .
The Liberhan commission was set up within days of the incident .
Mr Advani has long denied accusations that he encouraged the rioters - but he was charged in July 2005 with inciting a mob to attack the mosque .
The special court in the town of Rae Bareilly charged him with " giving provocative speeches leading to demolition of the mosque , creating enmity between Hindus and Muslims and inciting people for riots and public mischief " .
Legal experts say once the Liberhan report and the government 's " action taken report " are made public , they will be sent to the court to be used as evidence in the case .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Published on 12 November 2009 12:41 , Adelina Marini , Sofia
This is what the deputy prime minister and minister of finance Simeon Dyankov explained after the session of the Bulgarian Council of Ministers .
He reassured , supported by the prime minister Boyko Borisov , that the mistake will be corrected during the first and second reading of the Budget 2010 in Parliament .
" The demographic crisis is another crisis the government has already started to fight with .
The additional financial aid for student mothers is only part of this fight " , Mr. Dyankov underlined and added that the government has never had an intention to cut the money for twins and student mothers for the sake of other social groups .
Two days ago the deputy minister of labour and social policy Ms. Hristina Mitreva said that the financial aid for student mothers 2,880 lv. per year ( 1,476.92 euro ) if they study on a regular basis are entirely cut in Budget 2010 and the aid for twins in a family that is paid with their birth will be halved from 1,200 lv ( 615 euro ) to 600 lv. ( 307.69 euro ) .
This caused negative reactions from NGOs , the society and some political parties like NDSV who actually introduced this aid to support child birth .
These letters were leaked today showing a major breakdown in communication between the French Government and the Irish over the upcoming World Cup qualifying play - off .
There ’s now a full - blown diplomatic row brewing . 🙂
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Evidence to date suggests that the H1N1 flu is not a major threat , and there is little evidence that flu vaccines are effective in preventing the flu , so says Tom Jefferson , MD , arguably the world 's leading expert on influenza vaccines .
Dr. Jefferson has authored 10 reviews of research on the influenza vaccine for the Cochrane Collaboration , which is a widely recognized leading international science institution that evaluates clinical research .
Jefferson notes that Australia has just completed its wintertime , and only 131 deaths related to the flu occurred this year .
Because Australia 's population is 22 million people , this death rate is not significant .
One does not need to predict the future when the future has already happened somewhere else .
Jefferson 's previous detailed analyses of flu vaccines show very little efficacy in providing real health benefits .
Jefferson 's team asserted strongly , " There is not enough evidence to decide whether routine vaccination to prevent influenza in healthy adults is effective . "
(1) Jefferson 's research confirmed that flu vaccination did reduce slightly the number of adults experiencing confirmed influenza , but there were increased numbers of adults experiencing " influenza - like illness " ( its symptoms are similar to the flu , though are presumably causes by other viruses , not the flu viruses ) .
Although the media commonly promotes the flu vaccine for children , Jefferson and his research group summarized their investigation on this subject by asserting , " National policies for the vaccination of healthy young children are based on very little evidence . "
(2) They expressed strongest concern about the lack of efficacy and safety of flu vaccination of infants two years of age and under .
They did note that the flu vaccine is effective in reducing the flu in children over two years of age , but The strongest evidence of benefit to the flu vaccine is in the elderly .
(3) However , the researchers found that the benefits to the elderly were " modest .
" Jefferson expresses some considerable surprise at how few studies have been conducted on the elderly , especially recently .
He notes , " Only five randomly controlled trials have been carried out in elderly people , of which only one was carried out in the past 2 decades using vaccines available today . "
( 4 ) Dr. Jefferson 's team noted that the benefits of the flu vaccine for the elderly are " consistently below those usually quoted for ( national policy ) decision or economic model making .
" Jefferson had some particularly harsh words about the safety and efficacy of this vaccination .
The FDA recently announced the approval of four (! ) H1N1 vaccines .
And Dr. Jefferson has expressed serious alarm about the " evidence " for the safety and efficacy of these vaccines :
1) The study was tiny , only 240 adults .
The authors made reassuring statements about Guillain - Barre syndrome ( GBS ) , which is ridiculous because GBS occurs in one out of 750,000 to 1 million vaccinations , and this study only had 240 participants ; 2) One -third of these volunteers had side effects that resembled influenza - like illness ( fevers , headaches , sore throats , etc. ) , so they were vaccinating to prevent symptoms that they were causing ;
3 ) There was no placebo arm in the study , yet there 's no ethical excuse for not having a placebo arm because these are experimental vaccines ; and 4 ) The description of what additive substances were in the vaccine was unclear .
We know that there is thimerosal [ mercury ] in this H1N1 vaccine , but its manufacturer did not say whether there are additional substances like aluminum , which can be found in many other vaccines .
We just do n't know .
And they are advising this vaccine for pregnant women and children over six months of age !
Something " fishy " seems to be going on at the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
WHO has declared a " flu pandemic , " in part because they changed their definition of the word " pandemic " in May , 2009 .
The earlier version defined pandemic as : " An influenza pandemic occurs when a new influenza virus appears against which the human population has no immunity , resulting in epidemics worldwide with enormous numbers of deaths and illness [ emphasis in the original document ] . "
The NEW definition of pandemic was changed to : " A disease epidemic occurs when there are more cases of that disease than normal .
A pandemic is a worldwide epidemic of a disease .
An influenza pandemic may occur when a new influenza virus appears against which the human population has no immunity .
" Because flu viruses change on a regular basis , the WHO will declare a new " pandemic " when simply one more death than the " normal " is observed .
Big Pharma " warns " people about the yearly possible pandemic , pumping more fear into the hearts and minds of the susceptible and gullible public .
When Jefferson was asked about the flu pandemic , he responded directly :
In light of some recent efforts to make the H1N1 vaccination mandatory , it seems that Big Pharma 's commercial operations have become so successful that they have successfully lobbied politicians to require health and medical workers to get the H1N1 vaccine .
Big Pharma 's efforts have been so successful that they have almost successfully fooled other scientists to think that it is unethical to conduct a placebo - controlled trial due to the ( incorrect ) assumption that flu vaccines are effective .
Even Big Media whose coffers are filled with Big Pharma 's advertising are not immune to this influence .
Is n't it a bit strange that the research of Tom Jefferson and his team have been virtually ignored by Big Media , despite the fact that this research has been published in the BMJ ( British Medical Journal ) , the Lancet , the Cochrane Database , and other high - impact scientific journals .
One would hope that the media and government would follow the research rather than the money .
NOTE OF DISCLOSURE : Although many of my colleagues in the field of homeopathic medicines are critical of vaccination , a greater number have a similar perspective that I do , that is , they ( we ) believe that each person and each vaccination has to be evaluated individually and in light of long - term community health .
In this light , I should not be determined to be either pro-vaccination or anti-vaccination in over - simplistic terms .
Further , because the very " father of immunology , " Emil Adolph von Behring , directly pointed to the origins of immunizations to homeopathy , we homeopaths do not have anything fundamentally against this utilization of the underlying principle of homeopathy , the use of small doses of whatever might cause an illness to catalyze immune response .
When von Behring was asked about the origins of immunology , he responded , " ( B ) y what technical term could we more appropriately speak of this influence than by Hahnemann 's word " homeopathy " ( Von Behring , 1906 ) .
References : (1) Demicheli V , Di Pietrantonj C , Jefferson T , Rivetti A , Rivetti D. Vaccines for preventing influenza in healthy adults .
Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews 2007 , Issue 2 . Art. No. : CD001269 .
DOI:10.1002/14651858.CD001269.pub3 .( 2 ) Jefferson T , Rivetti A , Harnden A , Di Pietrantonj C , Demicheli V. Vaccines for preventing influenza in healthy children .
Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews 2008 , Issue 2 . Art. No. : CD004879 .
DOI:10.1002/14651858.CD004879.pub3.(3 ) Rivetti D , Jefferson T , Thomas RE , Rudin M , Rivetti A , Di Pietrantonj C , Demicheli V. Vaccines for preventing influenza in the elderly .
Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews 2006 , Issue 3 . Art. No. : CD004876 .
DOI:10.1002/14651858.CD004876.pub2.(4 ) Jefferson T. Mistaken identity : seasonal influenza versus influenza - like illness .
Clinical Evidence .
2009 .
http://clinicalevidence.bmj.com/ceweb/resour...
Other useful reference : Jefferson T . The prevention of seasonal influenza - policy versus evidence .
BMJ 2006;333:912-915.DANA
ULLMAN , MPH , is one of America 's leading advocates for homeopathy .
He has authored 10 books , including ( foreword written by Dr. Peter Fisher , Physician to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II ) , , and ( the best - selling ) ( with Stephen Cummings , MD ) .
He is the founder of Homeopathic Educational Services ( http://www.homeopathic.com ) , America 's leading resource center for homeopathic books , tapes , medicines , medicine kits , software , and distance learning courses .
Homeopathic Educational Services has co-published over 35 books on homeopathy with North Atlantic Books ( which are distributed by Random House ) .
The title comes from this excellent article from MyWestTexas , Valero trading room grapples with ' Feeding the Beast ' ( reprinted from the San Antonio Express News ) :
And today we learn that the US consumption beast is not the only thing Valero is feeding .
DoD awards Valero contract to ship jet fuel to Israel How 's Valero doing ?
Let 's talk briefly about how this refining and retail company does business under the current oil and gasoline market conditions .
Of the 3.3 / mbd of crude oil processed , about 65 % is bought under long term contracts .
The remaining 35 % is bought on the spot market .
Valero buys 25 % of its oil domestically .
The rest is purchased from countries all over the world including Mexico , Saudi Arabia , Iraq , Kuwait , Venezuela , Ecuador and several nations in Africa .
At any given time , Valero has about 200 million barrels of price exposure , so " risk management is very important " .
Also , about 40 % of the crude they buy is from " politically unstable nations " .
So , they must keep abreast of geopolitical events .
No doubt this has an impact on the risk management .
, so " risk management is very important " .
Also , about 40 % of the crude they buy is from " politically unstable nations " .
So , they must keep abreast of geopolitical events .
No doubt this has an impact on the risk management .
The 3.3 million barrels Valero buys and processes each day represents almost 4 % of world production .
Meanwhile for upstream producers and refiners [ like Valero ] , these high prices have presented a different kind of dilemma in hedging terms ; whether to [ 1 ] sell such apparently high prices in forward markets whilst they are available , and which may not be able to be achieved indefinitely , or [ 2 ] to adjust their expectations to a ' new paradigm ' of permanently high oil prices .
The condition and capacity of global refining and pipeline infrastructure may have to wait for funds released by collateral sales of forward energy before the necessary refinements and capacity can be undertaken and thus have any effect in adjusting supply better to continuing high demand .
Then there 's the sell side .
Valero 's plants churn out more than 1.4 million barrels of gasoline a day and about 1.1 million gallons of products called distillates that include diesel and jet fuel .
A significant amount of the product is sold on the spot market , [ executive vice president of marketing and supply ]
Gorder said .
At Valero Energy Corp , they areabout the future .
For a summary of their business , Wikipedia has an informative article here .
It 's the MyWestTexas piece that has the good stuff in it .
Presumably , Valero has no price exposure for oil bought under long term contracts while prices rise ( see below ) -- only for the 35 % spent on the volatile spot market where the price for August ( CLQ06 .NYM ) is $ 76.14 as of this writing .
I do n't know how Valero calculates its price exposure but counting both contracts and the spot market , that 's an astonishing 60.6 days of supply amounting to 15.23 billion dollars .
How do they hedge that risk ?
I do n't know because those kind of details are not available .
Buying gold is always a good idea given the geopolitical tensions .
But some considerations are offered by Platts in Oil Price Risk Management
If the importer sells high prices ( for oil or refined products like gasoline ) as a hedge , they think that prices are abnormally high and will come down .
But Valero isoil in the forward markets ; I believe they have adopted strategy # 2 in which there is a " new paradigm " of permanently high oil prices and demand remains strong .
Common sense tells us that spot purchases leave Valero exposed to price variations .
For example , they must manage the risk of a price spike due to an oil shock because they must keep sufficiently high margins to continue upstream purchases in such an event .
In this case , the sudden spike is a detrimental price development .
On the other hand , forward purchases ( contracts ) for oil leave Valero protected against ( whatever the cause ) but leave them exposed to detrimental .
This strategy is reflected in their robust 2006 1st quarter earnings report ( see below ) and is in concert with the oil futures markets , which are in contango .
As for their refined products , MyWestTexas saysSelling a significant amount of your product on the spot market is consistent with a strategy that views high gasoline prices as here to stay .
I would be remiss if I did n't mention the distinct possibility that should the Israeli conflicts with Hezbollah and Hamas escalate into a war involving Syria and Iran , there might be a spike sending oil prices over $ 100 / barrel or the spike could be weaker .
This in turn could dampen demand sharply even in the near term and reduce oil prices .
I do not know how Valero is hedging against this possibility or if they are .
The atmosphere may be tense on Valero 's trading - room floor right about now .
No one really knows how high prices must go before Americans cut their consumption significantly .
In any case , to hurt Valero prices would have to drop somewhere below today 's levels .
This kind of price swing appears unlikely .
The volatility will depend on the demand elasticity among other things .
My view , and it could very well be Valero 's as well , is that US transportation fuel demand has little elasticity .
People who have some slack will forego other discretionary spending before they cut back on their vehicle miles traveled .
Not the Cable TV though !
Using the forward purchase contracts is paying off for Valero as we see from this 1st quarter summary -- Valero Energy Corporation Reports First Quarter Earnings .
" The second quarter is off to an outstanding start .
Gulf Coast gasoline and diesel margins are at record levels for April .
The forward curve is showing these record margins continuing through the summer .
Sour crude oil discounts also remain terrific with the heavy Maya crude oil discount averaging more than $ 14 per barrel for April and medium sour crude oils , such as Mars , averaging more than $ 6 per barrel discount .
Given that 60 percent of our feedstocks are purchased at [ forward ] discounts to benchmark sweet crude oil prices , these discounts play a significant role in our earnings .
With our leverage to these outstanding product margins and sour crude oil discounts , the second quarter is shaping up to be the highest earnings quarter in Valero 's history .
" Looking at refining fundamentals for the rest of the year , we feel very confident that the refining environment will remain strong .
The combination of growing refined product demand , despite higher price levels globally , and regulatory pressures on supply should support continued strength in refined product margins .
Sour crude oil discounts should continue to be wide due to ample supplies of sour grades and higher demand for sweet crudes as refiners try to meet lower sulfur specifications and increase yields of high - value clean products , " [ Valero CEO Bill ]
Klesse said .
Regarding the company 's cash flow , capital spending for the first quarter was approximately $ 975 million , of which $ 200 million was for turnaround expenditures .
For the year , the company anticipates capital spending of approximately $ 3.5 billion .
In addition , the company paid off $ 221 million of long - term debt and purchased 10.7 million shares of its common stock during the first quarter .
The discrepancy between 60 % and 65 % as quoted above may be significant but I do n't know the reason for it .
I 'm not sure what " regulatory pressures on supply " means in this context .
Regarding paying off debt and repurchasing their common stock , I need only point out that Valero is bullish on Valero .
The point is simply this .
Despite some volatility , prices continue to go up .
US demand remains strong in the face of rising prices and heavy sour crude discounts are large .
As Klesse says above , that is an economic environment in which Valero thrives .
Since prices continue to rise and costs are passed on immediately , " gasoline and diesel margins are at record levels " as of April and forecast to stay strong all summer .
Moreover , sour and medium sour discounts continue to be strong .
Why ?
Because there is a glut ( from MSN Money ) of heavy sour crude on the market .
This makes perfect sense .
Here 's the crux of the problem for gasoline consumers and oil companies :
There 's just not enough light sweet crude to meet demand .
And , while there 's plenty of heavy sour crude , a barrel of heavy sour crude yields about a third less gasoline than does a barrel of sweet light crude .
That 's if you can refine it to begin with ...
How big a glut ?
A big , big one , judging by the price of light sweet and heavy sour crude .
At the end of June , Nigerian Bonny Light , one of most sought - after grades of light sweet crude , was selling on the spot market for $ 71.65 a barrel , while Saudi Arabian Heavy sold for $ 58.70 a barrel , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
That 's a spread of almost $ 13 a barrel , way above the $ 5 a barrel historical average for the spread between light sweet and heavy sour grades .
Refineries that can turn heavy sour crude into gasoline are n't evenly distributed around the world .
Europe and the United States have more than their share .
About 60 % of the crude refined in 2005 by Valero Energy ( VLO , news , msgs ) , for example , was heavy sour crude .
Among those who have announced expansions are Valero , adding an additional 400,000 barrels per day , and Chevron and ExxonMobil , each adding 75,000 barrels per day .
Suncor , Motiva , and Citgo also have expansion plans .
This represents a profit opportunity for Valero since they can handle the heavy sour crude refining whereas some foreign refiners can not .
The MSN Money analyst Jim Jubak lists Valero as his top stock pick , noting that " Valero swallowed Premcor , another specialist in refining heavy sour crude , in 2005 to become the leading heavy sour - oil pure play " .
Refining on Wall Street ?
Valero 's current profits and rosy outlook is also consistent with investment in new capacity -- see Refinery bottleneck to ease ( from the CS Monitor ) in which we learn thatSo , Valero continues to feed the beast and light sweet crude production has peaked for the time being , probably forever .
Prices are volatile but continue to go up .
American gasoline demand has not slackened much -- it is still growing .
From the EIA .
See here
Selling jet fuel to Israel can't hurt prices any .
Valero is prospering and bullish on future oil prices because the beast is never satiated .
