Features , Browse >
Home Food / The Best Pizza in NYC
The Best Pizza in NYC
1. Di Fara Pizza
Domenico De Marco is the master of pizza - making .
Di Fara Pizza thrives based on the mouthwatering flavor of each bite of his fresh pies .
The unorganized , long lines are a worthwhile penance to bask in the joy that comes when Mr. De Marco uses a scissor to chop fresh basil onto your searing pie .
For the ultimate ecstasy , order a pie with porcini mushrooms .
Do note that take - out is the best option .
2. Grimaldi’s Pizzeria
Grimaldi’s Pizzeria is perfect for travelers arriving to New York City for the first time .
Just take a stroll , from Manhattan to Brooklyn , across the historic Brooklyn Bridge and you ’ll be moments away from waiting in line for one of the best coal - oven pies in the world .
Grimaldi’s has fresh ingredients and a level of consistency that is unrivaled .
Be prepared to sit in close proximity to your fellow pizza lovers .
Grimaldi’s © Eric Konon
3. Totonno ’s Pizzeria
This Coney Island institution has fans lining up to partake in a ritual of devouring its coal - oven masterpieces .
The decor is simple , but the taste of Totonno ’s pies is divine .
Do n’t be surprised to see a group of teenagers polish of a pie–each .
Do note that the pizzeria closes once the fresh dough runs out for that night .
4. Famous Joe ’s Pizza
This award - winning institution is one of the few exceptional pizzerias to offer slices .
Though the decor and seating are n’t inviting , the mozzarella oozes off the thin -slices of this crowd - pleaser .
This is the perfect place for an individual dropping in for a couple of slices or the backpacker who wants a quick bite of NYC ’s best without denting their wallet .
5. John ’s Pizzeria
The carved - wooden booths of this institution house hundreds of loyal , passionate clients who order pies at this no -slice haven .
Long lines develop before lunch and dinner to taste John ’s scrumptious , thin - crusted pies .
One of several coal - fired pizzerias on the list , John ’s customers always leave satiated .
6. Lombardi’s Pizza
Lombardi’s © Robyn Lee
Lombardi’s was the first pizzeria in the United States .
The original establishment opened its doors in 1905 by Gennaro Lombardi .
Today , Lombardi ’s continues to make exceptional pies for its eagerly awaiting patrons .
This cash only establishment creates the perfect crispy crust to go along with the aura of its history .
7. Una Pizza Napolitana * Closed
The most unique choice on the list is this Anthony Mangieri pizzeria modeled after the local Italian - style with wood - fired , brick oven pizza .
With a limited menu of four pies , Una Pizza Napolitana relies upon fresh ingredients such as mozzarella di bufalo and San Marzano tomatoes to keep its customers returning .
8. Ottimo Restaurant
Ottimo is the perfect place for a group of friends who want to select from a variety of Italian fare .
After the meal , those who did n’t try the Neapolitan - style pizza with fresh buffalo mozzarella will be wondering if they made the best choice .
Unlike most of places on the list , Ottimo has a restaurant ambiance with sufficient and comfortable seating .
Read about the best chocolate in NYC , the hundreds of free things to do in NYC , or some of the best authentic foods around the world based on our reader feedback .
___________________________________________________________________________________
Gennaro Salamone is the founder and editor of Enduring Wanderlust .
Feel free to contact him with questions , comments , or inquiries with reference to contributing an article or photograph for publication .
Receive our free content by e-mail directly to your inbox or through an RSS reader .
From the rooftop of Ghetto Radio high above the streets of downtown Nairobi the view is deceptively peaceful .
The pitch battles that rang out among these same neighbourhoods a year ago after a disputed election have calmed but the deeper tensions they exposed remain .
The Kenyan capital 's starkly urban mix of tower blocks and corrugated iron slums , masks what rapper Muki Garang calls a " deep ethnicity " that is n't going away quietly .
The young MC is one of the founders of the Hip Hop Parliament , an extraordinary experiment born in the underground ghetto music scene just as the violence in the city beyond that saw nearly 1,000 people killed was reaching its peak .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
One of the most thoughtful and eloquent legacies of that turmoil , the " parliament " is a fast - talking rebuttal to those who lazily dismiss hip hop as a malign force .
It began a year ago as " a collective of hip hop artists to symbolise unity regardless of ethnicity . "
At a time where a political power struggle was inflaming tribal and ethnic divisions some of the finest voices in Nairobi 's ghettos decided to see whether MCs could do a better job for their communities than MPs and the parliament was born .
Although he has n't given himself the title , Muki Garang – not his real name but a tribute to the South Sudanese liberation leader John Garang – has been the " speaker " .
How can you tell whether a rapper is from Hip Hop parliament ?
Well , they " wo n't get on the mic and start rapping about shaking your booty , they 'll get on the mic and start provoking your thoughts , " he says .
His song Justice , written after last year 's clashes is an example : " Ask yourself what is fair and what is not / You were born as a life not an afterthought / It 's often thought there 's someone else to blame / If you ask me I feel that is lame ... "
The lyrics flow from what the parliament calls " conscious hip hop " .
After the word went out last January , 60 MCs turned up for the first " session " of the parliament .
The sessions developed into a forum for the artists to perform and to recount what they had witnessed .
The MC describes it as a message to the country 's discredited political class : " There is a voice that you assume is suppressed .
But we are coming up and we are the ones speaking to you . "
Kenya 's vote at the turn of the year 2007 / 2008 saw what was initially fierce anger at election rigging escalate into tribal clashes that some politicians are accused of inciting for their own ends .
The compromise national unity government that emerged has made little progress in healing those wounds a year on and has instead stalled over the creation of a special tribunal to hear evidence against several unnamed MPs suspected of stirring up ethnic divisions .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
That 's a considerably slower response than the Hip Hop Parliament .
It drafted and agreed on a declaration which was handed over to the United Nations during post-election talks brokered by former UN head Kofi Annan .
The statement was a youthful and charged blend of street and diplomatic language : " We , the Hip Hop Parliament MPs / MCs , will use our dope MCing skills to influence our peers in order to reduce the negative effects of tribalism ...
We can only be cool if there is peace in our country . "
Kenya's " deep ethnicity " comes from its rural past , Garang explains , and the force that neutralizes ethnicity is urbanization .
Eighty percent of the Kenyans who have flocked into Nairobi are teenagers or younger , making its notorious slums , like the million - strong Kibera , the engines of the country 's burgeoning youth culture .
Hip hop burst into this new world in the mid-90s and immediately found a youth following , who identified strongly with it .
These urban subcultures have been a " neutral space " , he says , in which tribal tensions were muted , making them an obvious starting point for an effort to come together .
This post -ethnic culture even has its own language – Sheng .
A mix of broken Swahili , English and tribal languages , it has scared some traditionalists but inspired many others and given Nairobi hip hop its own distinctive classless flavour .
" When you speak in English I can tell where you come from , what education you have .
The same in Swahili , " says Angel an MC on Ghetto Radio , which has Sheng as its main language .
" In Sheng there 's no way to tell if you 're from the slum , or where you are from . "
She complains that Swahili with its lingering introductions is too formal for the youth .
Sheng in contrast is a fast - moving language more suited to freestyling and breaking down barriers .
And as such ideal for a forum like Hip Hop Parliament .
" The parliament has been a uniting factor , " says Mwafrika , another DJ on ghetto radio and one of the collective 's founding members .
" We are brought together by love of hip hop and music . "
Mwafrika , a performing name that means African person in Swahili , knows about ghettos .
Born in the slum , his mother was a street hawker who made what living she could selling the soft chewable stones – odowa -- that pregnant women in Kenya sometimes crave .
" The only thing that gave me hope was hip hop , " he remembers .
He now has an evening show called " Nai - Raw " three times a week on Ghetto Radio , which pays the bills and performs as an MC on the side .
" Most ' conscious ' artists have to have a second job , " he explains .
One of the MCs Die Hard is a reporter for the news agency Reuters , Muki is a telecoms engineer , others like Mwaura sweep floors in a downtown cafe .
The parliament 's declaration quickly brought international attention and some rappers from the collective made their well received debut at the Earth festival , an international event in the Laikipia nature reserve , high on the escarpment of the Great Rift Valley .
Soon to be back in session after a break the founders believe the MCs need to " keep it real " and remember their responsibility to their communities not just their careers .
" When you are hungry you can't get in the mood and rap , " Muki points out .
" For some it could be the inspiration to open a small business , like a barber 's shop , " he says .
For others it will be a starting point to get noticed as a promising MC .
Muki is adamant that while individual artists keep on putting out music – his own album ' Content , Flow and Swagger ' will be self - released later this year – the parliament must " evolve into something bigger " .
Hip hop like all urban culture has given birth to its own cliches and none is more hackneyed than " keeping it real . "
That said , the parliament 's MCs have kept it a lot more real than most .
( Since being interviewed MC Angel has sadly died .
She was among the 30 people who perished in a Nairobi supermarket fire last month . )
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
Lately , there has been a trend towards incorporating hand drawn elements into web designs , bringing sketches and drawings that we typically see in the paper medium onto the web .
Hand drawn elements can be seen in navigation bars , as backgrounds , as accenting elements , or as an entire site theme .
They give a design a very unique , out - of - the - box , and organic / realistic look .
In this collection , you will be able to find some of the best designs that have hand drawn , " sketched " elements infused into them for your inspiration .
Sawyer Hollenshead
LOW MORALE
BootB
Kitty Attack
Redemption Maddie
NJ REBEL
Design Jobs on the Wall
marcol.art.pl
Chemistry Recruitment
Elan Snowboards
PSYOP
Free People Clothing Boutique
Football made in Africa
Related content
Owning a DVD vs. renting ; what ’s the difference ?
At present nothing , but very soon that wo n’t be the case .
According to Video Business , in an effort to give DVD sales a boost , 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment will release two different versions of each movie , a premium version and a stripped - down one .
The premium editions will be available for purchase and will offer bonus material in addition to the actual film .
On the other hand , if you prefer to rent your movies , you ’ll only be able to get your hands on the stripped versions , which will offer less material .
Fox has no plan to ease this strategy into effect .
It ’ll begin with box office heavyweightsandwhich will be released March 31st .
Every title will see different alterations .
For example , therental will only come with the film and trailers , while the retail version will also have special features .
When it comes to Blu-ray , the rental version will have everything the retail version does except for a digital copy of the film .
In the case of , both the retail and rental DVD will have the film and bonus material as will the retail and rental Blu-ray versions .
The only difference here is that the rental version of the Blu-ray edition will not come in combo pack form with a DVD movie and digital copy , as does the retail version .
Following inandfootsteps will beandFox issued this statement addressing their plans :
“ We have developed product variations to feed different consumer consumption models and behaviors .
For rental customers , we ’re delivering a theatrical experience in the home while promoting upcoming releases ; for retail [ or sell - through ] customers , we ’re offering a premium product that expands the entertainment experience of that particular property to further enhance ownership . ”
While many do understand Fox ’s effort , DVD retailers are already looking for ways to get around the restrictions .
A popular method of doing so will be buying premium versions and then renting them out to costumers .
Thanks to the First Sale Dotrine , there ’s absolutely nothing prohibiting retailers from doing so .
I understand Fox needs to sell more DVDs , but this is not the way to do it .
This new policy will only confuse costumers and upset them once they figure out what ’s going on .
Why not just think a little bit harder and come up with a marketing strategy to make DVDs more appealing to buy rather than rent ?
Considering there ’s no profit without loyal customers , you ’d think Fox could be a little more concerned with keeping buyers happy .
Reliable sources report that the Canadian Labour Congress is set to consider a policy resolution that would dramatically alter its approach on copyright and intellectual property policy .
The resolution will apparently be brought forward to the Congress Executive Council next Monday with the possibility of consideration by the full CLC Council immediately thereafter .
It should be noted that the CLC has traditionally recognized the need for a balanced approach and that support for ratification of the WIPO Internet treaties comes primarily from U.S. pressure .
For example , consider the CLC 's comments on IP policy within the context of the Security Prosperity Partnership with the United States and Mexico .
Following the Montebello meeting in 2007 , the CLC said the following :
In what appears to be a war against copyright infringement , Leaders have committed multiple law - enforcement agencies at different levels of government to collaborate on this apparently critical threat to North American competitiveness .
The Action Strategy will depend upon the sharing of best practices from the private sector and “ new innovative border enforcement techniques ” to detect the trade in pirated and counterfeit goods within North America and arising from “ third countries ” .
Once again , we must ask why this issue has been raised as the focus of this highly militarized discourse and concerted effort on the part of industry and government security forces .
The answer is that IPR protect business interests and the right of corporations to sell products .
The increasing reliance on security forces , however , is not going to protect freedom of speech or nourish the creative spirit in North American communities by committing public support to cultural industries , schools for the creative arts , educational institutions .
Nor have Leaders redoubled their efforts to ensure freedom of expression .
Rather , as if they had n’t already been granted more than enough protection from NAFTA , the largest corporations who own copyrights , trade marks , patents and claim protection for trade secrets will be able to count on the full support of state security forces to protect and extend their already extensive private property rights .
As a society , Canada would benefit from an open debate on whether or not to strengthen IPR protections , especially when it comes to issues of social concern .
For a society , it is not helpful for a debate over the production of knowledge wrapped in a discourse of criminality , piracy , theft and counterfeit as the NACC suggests .
The issues of law - making and law enforcement should not be conflated in this way .
While some might quibble with some aspects of this statement , it is clear that the CLC recognizes the need for an open debate and the preservation of free expression .
Yet the CLC proposed resolution reportedly states the following :
WHEREAS , counterfeiting and copyright piracy continue to harm Canadian workers .
Counterfeiting and piracy – also known as intellectual property ( IP ) theft – cost the Canadian economy an estimated 22 billion dollars each year ;
WHEREAS , IP theft also exacts an extensive human toll .
IP theft robs Canadian workers of jobs and wages , as income that could have been used to expand the workforce or pay higher salaries is siphoned off to pad the coffers of international organized crime
syndicates ;
WHEREAS , counterfeiting also poses a grave threat to the health and safety of Canadian workers ;
WHEREAS , since counterfeiters and copyright pirates do n't pay taxes , governments at all levels are deprived of tax revenues our workers rely on for vital services ;
WHEREAS , the evidence that Canadian workers are harmed by IP theft is powerful ;
WHEREAS , this critical issue requires a far - reaching response involving legislative and regulatory reform , policy change , and allocation of proper resources to combat the problems .
The Canadian government must be given the structure and resources to mount a sustained attack on this pervasive problem , both within Canada and internationally .
The criminal and civil laws in Canada must provide adequate deterrence .
And consumers must be educated that counterfeiting and piracy are not victimless , nuisance crimes , but instead strike at the heart of our long term economic security ;
WHEREAS , as unions representing thousands of these workers , we urge the Canadian Government and all Members of Parliament and the Senate to work together to pass comprehensive legislation and enact the policy changes that would bolster the ability to address this growing threat ;
NOW , THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED , accordingly , we urge the enactment of broad legislative measures that can really make a difference .
Any such measures should include :
Amending the Copyright Act consistent with international standards to ( i ) conform with the World Intellectual Property Organization ’s “ Internet ” Treaties and ratify the Treaties ; ( ii ) enact a strong legal framework governing the responsibility and liability of online service providers that ensures they play a role in preventing copyright infringement , including providing rightsholders with an expeditious and effective means to stop the widespread dissemination of infringing material ;
This is a remarkable about - face for the CLC , which would moves from an open discussion approach to quoting with support the counterfeiting claims that have no evidentiary basis , calling for the ratification of the WIPO Internet treaties that is strongly opposed by consumer and education groups , and moving toward the enforcement - based approach that they have long criticized .
With only a few days left before this unbalanced resolution is considered , those concerned with the resolution should voice their views with the CLC .
When I entered the corporate world , I used to be proud with these calls I used to get from time to time .
“ Sir , you have a pre-approved credit card from {insert reputed bank name here} . ” Hmm ..
So I am someone important to the economic system now .
But as experiences were gained these grew from minor annoyances to whenever the phone shows an unknown number – “ oh! not again ! ” .
I used to just ignore these calls , picking up and mumbling “ Not Interested ” .
But off late , I decided to make use of such situations in interesting ways .
My friends always seem too busy to call frequently nowadays and my family never really has gotten into the habit of talking long over the phone .
So who did I have as an alternative ?
The credit card girls off course ( I say girls because if it is a guy who is calling then the old mumbling is still the norm ) .
So began my experiments and adventures .
One
Caller : Hello sir , do you have a credit card ?
Me : Yeah .
Caller : Sir but this is a card from HBHBH bank .
It has offers that would make your eyeballs jump out of their sockets .
Me : Hmm .
Ok .
But I am still not interested .
Caller :
But whyyy sirrr ?
Me : How did you get my number ?
Caller : Database gave it to us sir .
Me : Which database ?
I have n’t registered in any database .
Caller :
No sir .
I can see your number here .
Me : Ok , miss then can you tell me what my name is .
Caller : Er..
Sorry sir , they have not mentioned your name .
Me : What ??
They just provided you with a list of numbers without names ??
You want a list then I can give you one too .
What are the rates of your provider ?
Beep .
Call disconnected .
Two
Caller : Hello sir , this is a call from GCEB bank regarding credit cards .
Me : What ’s your name ?
Caller : Thoolika sir .
( Nice name .. dilemma .. should I flirt or talk stern ?
Hmm .. voice does n’t sound good , so stern is the go again . )
Me : Are you calling from GCEB bank ?
Caller : Off course !
Me : But I work for the HR dept . in GCEB bank .
I know for sure that we do n’t do direct phone call marketing .
Caller : Actually sir , it came from Database .
We are calling from an agency .
Me : Can I speak to your manager ?
Caller : No sir .
Me : Why not ?
If I do n’t speak to your manager , I ’m going to register a complaint .
Caller : Sorry sir , we work without managers .
( I wonder if their agency is hiring )
Beep .
Call disconnected .
Three
Caller : Hello sir , I ’m calling from RAH bank regarding credit cards .
Me : Are you from an agency ?
Caller :
No sir , I ’m calling from the bank .
Me : Can I speak to your manager
Caller : Sorry for disturbing you sir .
Thank y..
Me :
If you disconnect now , I ’m going to sue you .
Caller : Er. Er..
Just a minute sir , I ’ll get my manager .
Manager : Hi sir .
This is Priyanka .
Me : How did you get my number ?
Manager : Sir its in our database sir .
Me : Whose database ?
Manager : HBHBH bank sir .
Me :
But your colleague said you were calling from RAH bank ?
Manager : Er sir .. er .
Beep .
Call disconnect .
If only I could catch hold of Mr. Database one day .
Who the hell is he to blurt out my personal details to every Tom , Dick , Priyanka and Thoolika about my personal details ? :D
Some of my friends tell me they are only doing their job .
Well I respect that .
But if you choose a job like this , taunts such as these come as occupational hazards .
Call me a cruel pig , but I value my privacy .
As far as I am concerned my mobile phone is for me to communicate on things relevant to me .
But well , if you encroach … well I have my right to have some fun .
So if you are the next credit card girl who is going to call me , we ’ll strike a deal – go out for dinner that day and I ’ll definitely subscribe to the card of your choice .
Dinner ’s on you , though ! :)
I recently witnessed my father purchase a BMW convertible from a sexy little automobile barista for a cool $ 55 grand .
Before this transaction he touched the gray out of his hair and picked up a mistress .
A clichéd mid-life crisis .
Mom hit menopause about three weeks ago , and his job is about to go half way to nowhere .
I do n't really blame him .
It seems sort of walking Id , but in the right way .
But his crisis sheds light on my own .
I recently accepted a sweetish position at a prestigious consulting firm , where I tell a bunch of government employees what to do despite lacking the slightest bit of experience .
I gained this distinction because of a degree from a well - to - do university that US News and World today digs as " a serene , tree - lined 140 - acre campus next to the eclectic north end " of a morally bankrupt city of sin .
AIDS - ridden and shit .
Seriously .
I am told that I am lucky .
I ’ve got dental and a job with benefits and a very decent salary , so good for me .
But I do n't see the endgame .
Qui bono , right ?
Let me let you in to what it took to get me into this twentysomething , reality check that closely resembles receiving a swift testicle kick .
I had to get my love to dump me .
That proved fairly easy .
I just had to loosely lose my respect for her and her path .
Think less and less of her .
Question her commitment to me .
Ask her to hit the gym .
Venture into the liberal sodomy sex stuff when I got bored with the standard , missionary , lights - off sex .
I gave up my idealistic venture of writing and romantic dreams of novelistic grandeur ; difference - making through the words ; fame , fortune ; selling my pair of man bits for a depressing wardrobe of one navy , one black , one gray , and a couple of stylish pin-striped suits .
This tenuous trade - off unquestionably led to a SUV , new IBM laptop computer , and an inescapable series of PowerPoint training sessions .
I delved head - deep into a cocaine routine that seems quite controllable and yuppie .
A steady chewing tobacco regiment that spares my lungs and allows me to keep up with yoga and sends my pancreas spinning , aching from a possible uncontrollable cellular growth .
But I can run five miles , get new ass , and maintain a slightly higher - than - average sex appeal .
The salary does n't hurt that either .
It amazes me how much women love dental insurance .
I gave up listening to new music and reading Hemingway for an iTunes playlist of Pearl Jam's " Nothingman " and the entire Nevermind album .
Ray Charles and Warren Zevon make appearances .
So do the Counting Crows , Hootie and the Blowfish , and Jason Mraz — weird .
I fantasize about banging my roommate 's girlfriend .
They do n't fuck or have the sex .
They make love and wash each other 's dishes after dinners , but she has great tits .
Magically perfect , but I 've never seen them .
I wonder if the topless car will save my father .
I wonder if the Skoal will save me .
I wo n't get back together with that girl that I loved , and that 's okay for now , but the fact that the emotional mercy lay never came to fruition still bothers me .
This seems to be a violent reaction to the uncontrollable force that defines change .
I think a hollow feeling lives in my father 's gut .
A knowledge that the finite number of days he has to drive fast and fuck dirty are fewer than they are many .
Just as The Man traded my number of drunken evenings and delusions of invincibility for conference calls and the growing reality of responsibility , I reach back and try to hold on to what I know , even though it does n't even feel good or right .
This is what I 've learned thus far :
1 . I wo n't steal your girlfriend from you , but I will clean up your mess when she cries on my arm , so do n't get mad about it .
2 . When I clean that shit up , do me a favor make sure that she shaves .
I hate the pubis when I head to the Southland .
3 . But I guess the larger question bears asking :
Why , if I see this inevitable demise for all of us in our early 20s , can't you ?
Leaving me to clean up your problems , and you mad as hell ?
I 'm a little under - the - weather and challenge Oprah to commission me for the Book Club .
I 'd rock that shit .
The Pope has criticised US bishops for their handling of sex abuse scandals
The number of new claims of sexual abuse made against US Roman Catholic priests rose by 16 % to more than 800 last year , a Church report says .
It says the Church paid $ 436 m ( £ 313 m ) in 2008 for abuse cases .
Most of the money was used to compensate victims .
The study covered almost 200 dioceses and religious orders across the US .
It found that more than one in five victims were under the age of 10 when they were abused .
Although the number of claims made against the Church rose in 2008 , the total cost dropped by 29 % compared to the previous year .
The Associated Press news agency said 2007 was an unusually high year , when the Archdiocese of Los Angeles began paying a $ 660 m settlement to about 500 people .
The annual review tracks progress made in implementing the Charter for the Protection of Children , adopted by US bishops following a scandal in Boston in 2002 .
Cardinal Francis George of Chicago said the Church was " on the right path " in its quest to better protect " all children in society " .
nike air max on 08/24/2010 @ 08:29
Just wished to say that I read your blog really regularly and Iâ��m at all times amazed at a few of the stuff consumers post below .
But keep up the beneficial function , itâ��s usually helpful .
" We 're very glad that Oprah and her team have chosen to give this crisis a voice , because it is a crisis , " Michele Steeb , executive director of St. John 's Shelter , said .
" Our turnaway numbers have risen from 20 women and children being turned away per day in 2007 to 80 in 2008 to our current number of 230 women and children being turned away a day .
It is a crisis and it 's only getting worse .
We 're so glad that she 's giving the crisis a voice .
We 're honoured to be part of the discussion because it's an important discussion to have , " she said .
DESPITE a 46 per cent rise in trips on Melbourne 's trains in the past four years , the State Government will deliver just one new train this year .
The contract for 18 new trains , signed last year with French train maker Alstom , has recently been posted on the Government 's contracts website .
It shows that , despite Premier John Brumby 's repeated assurances that new trains are on their way , relief for commuters from severe overcrowding on the city 's trains wo n't occur this year .
" We have got a whole lot of new rolling stock coming online , " Mr Brumby said last week when questioned about overcrowding .
But the new contracts with France 's Alstom , worth 170 million euros ( $ A335 million ) , show the train manufacturer will deliver just one train by December 31 .
Some biofuels cause more health problems than petrol and diesel , according to scientists who have calculated the health costs associated with different types of fuel .
The study shows that corn- based bioethanol , which is produced extensively in the US , has a higher combined environmental and health burden than conventional fuels .
However , there are high hopes for the next generation of biofuels , which can be made from organic waste or plants grown on marginal land that is not used to grow foods .
They have less than half the combined health and environmental costs of standard gasoline and a third of current biofuels .
The work adds to an increasing body of research raising concerns about the impact of modern corn - based biofuels .
Several studies last year showed that growing corn to make ethanol biofuels was pushing up the price of food .
Environmentalists have highlighted other problems such deforestation to clear land for growing crops to make the fuels .
The UK government 's renewable fuels advisors recommended slowing down the adoption of biofuels until better controls were in place to prevent inadvertent climate impacts .
Using computer models developed by the US Environmental Protection Agency , the researchers found the total environmental and health costs of gasoline are about 71 cents ( 50 p ) per gallon , while an equivalent amount of corn-ethanol fuel has associated costs of 72 cents to $ 1.45 , depending on how it is produced .
The next generation of so - called cellulosic bioethanol fuels costs 19 cents to 32 cents , depending on the technology and type of raw materials used .
These are experimental fuels made from woody crops that typically do not compete with conventional agriculture .
The results are published online today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" The dialogue so far on biofuels has been pretty much focused on greenhouse gases alone , " said David Tilman , a professor at the department of ecology , evolution and behaviour at the University of Minnesota .
" And yet we felt there were many other impacts that were positive or negative not being included .
We wanted to expand the analysis from greenhouse gases to at least one other item and we chose health impacts . "
The health problems caused by conventional fuels are well studied and stem from soot particles and other pollution produced when they are burned .
With biofuels , the problems are caused by particles given off during their growth and manufacture .
" Corn requires nitrogen fertilisers and some of that comes on as ammonia , which is volatilised into the air , " said Tilman .
" The ammonia particles are charged and they attract fine dust particles .
They stick together and form particles of the size of 2.5 micron and that has significant health impacts .
Some of this gets blown by prevailing winds into areas of higher population density – that 's where you have the large number of people having the health impact which raises the cost . "
Health problems from biofuels and gasoline include increased cases of heart disease , respiratory symptoms , asthma , chronic bronchitis or premature death .
The team has calculated the economic costs associated with these .
" For the economy , it 's the loss of good , productive workers who might otherwise have been able to contribute , " said team member Jason Hill , an economist at the University of Minnesota 's Institute on the Environment .
" These costs are not paid for by those who produce , sell and buy gasoline or ethanol .
The public pays these costs , " said Dr Stephen Polasky , an economist at the University of Minnesota , also part of the team .
A report published last year by Ed Gallagher , the head of the government 's Renewable Fuels Agency , suggested that the introduction of biofuels to the UK should be slowed until more effective controls were in place to prevent the inadvertent rise in greenhouse gas emissions caused by , for example , the clearance of forests to make way for their production .
His report said that if the displacements were left unchecked , current targets for biofuel production could cause a global rise in greenhouse gas emissions and an increase in poverty in the poorest countries by 2020 .
Gallagher also suggested the government should introduce incentives to promote the production of next - generation biofuels of the type studied by the Minnesota researchers .
So - called cellulosic ethanol can be made from plants such as switchgrass or jatropha that can grow with very little fertiliser on poor land , but the technology to convert these plants into fuels is in its early stages .
Tilman said society needed to make the transition away from corn - based ethanol as soon as possible .
" We 've gone one step further than the work that only looked at greenhouse gases and found some surprisingly large effects .
Before we dedicate major resources to new biofuels , we should be trying to quantify other likely impacts to society – water quality , biodiversity and so on – and put all of those into our analysis . "
He hopes this will encourage society to make " a long - term commitment to the right biofuel " .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kg5LO4HRZ4Y[/youtube]
We hate to steal the 700 Level ’s thunder on this one but figured you guys would like to see this video . Â
First , let us say we have no idea who ’s Porsche that is , but it has been burnt to a crisp and is being destroyed by a Giants fan after Sunday ’s game against the Eagles at the Meadowlands .
The vlogger has a full report but does n’t detail why this is happening or who owns this car .
Some tailgating tips … when tailgating – arrive early .. try and park in a spot where there are not hot charcoals on the ground .
If you do happen to burn your $ 150,000 Porsche and 2 other cars – go straight home – do n’t claim it .
Mark my words , no one will steal it , but they will attack you with that bat !
This young man has some serious issues .
A little counseling and a lot of Ritalin will do this kid some good .
Could you imagine if it had a Pennsylvania license plate .
But this was n’t the only car to be destroyed .
Phil Simms ’ jersey - wearing idiot had it out with a truck , too .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J51EeZ1lX-M[/youtube]
Same vlogger , better details .
Giant fan upset over the G - mens loss to Philly decides to smash his car to pieces … and his leg .
Seems logical .
Team loses , time to destroy my ride home .
This would n’t be the first time a car has caught on fire after parking on hot coals at the Meadowlands .
Remember the Car -Beque ?
Fun .
Obama 's " $ 3 Million Overhead Projector "
When John McCain decried Barack Obama 's attempt to fund an over - priced projector as an example of pork barrel spending he was referencing a legitimate - sounding funding request for the Adler Planetarium , a non profit organization who 's programming is primarily for school kids , to replace its failing 40 - year - old centerpiece .
AUSTRALIAN scientists are giving the dentally challenged something to smile about : the prospect of growing new teeth .
Stem cells are being used to grow new tissue around teeth in animals , a first step towards treating dental diseases in humans .
The ultimate goal is for teeth to become the first complex organs to be created entirely from stem cells .
" I have no doubt that whole teeth regeneration is going to happen one day , " said Mark Bartold , from the University of Adelaide 's dentistry department .
Non-Hierarchical Management
You want to get something done .
But it ’s too big to do it by yourself , so you bring in some friends to help out .
In your dreams , all your friends just “ click ” , understand exactly what it is they ’re all supposed to do , and do it quickly and effective .
In reality , this almost never happens .
In order for any team to succeed , they need someone helping them all stay on track — someone who we will call a “ manager ” .
The word manager makes many people uncomfortable .
It calls up the image of a bossman telling you what to do and forcing you to slave away at doing it .
That is not effective management .
A better way to think of a manager is as a servant , like an editor or a personal assistant .
Everyone wants to be effective ; a manager ’s job is to do everything they can to make that happen .
The ideal manager is someone everyone would want to have .
Instead of the standard “ org chart ” with a CEO at the top and employees growing down like roots , turn the whole thing upside down .
Employees are at the top — they ’re the ones who actually get stuff done — and managers are underneath them , helping them to be more effective .
( The CEO , who really does nothing , is of course at the bottom . )
Most guides on management are written for big bosses at big companies , not people starting something new who want their team to be as effective as possible .
( Hi , startup founders ! )
So herewith , a guide to effective non-hierarchical management .
Point 1 : Management is a job .
Management is not a typical job .
People who manage programmers do n’t spend their day programming .
Nor do they spend their day writing memos .
In fact , from the outside , it may appear like they do n’t spend their day doing very much at all .
Do n’t be fooled .
Management is a serious job .
It is incredibly difficult and wildly consuming .
As an employee , if you miss a day off work , it ’s no big deal : some work does n’t get done and you ( or someone else ) has to catch up on it later .
As a manager , it can become a serious problem — if you ’re not working , then the dozen people you serve are n’t working effectively as well .
It makes knocking off work to go to the fair a stressful proposition .
On the other hand , it can be incredibly rewarding .
If you do your job right , you turn a group of individuals into a team , a group that ’s more effective than the sum of its parts .
Together , you and your team can achieve amazing things .
As a manager , your task is to serve the team — to make it as effective as it can possibly be , even if that means stepping on the toes of a few individuals .
One incredibly popular misconception is that managers are just there to provide “ leadership ” — you set everyone up , get them pointed in the right direction , and then let them go while you go back to the “ real ” stuff , whether it ’s building things yourself , meeting with funders , or going on the road and talking up your organization .
Those are all perfectly valid jobs , but they are not management .
You have to pick one .
You can not do both .
Point 1a : Stay organized .
As the manager , it ’s your job to make sure things get done .
This means you need a system for making sure things get done .
This does n’t have to be anything fancy or complicated — a simple todo list will do — but simply trying to remember or writing yourself a note is not a system .
One of the nice things about having a system is it actually makes you less stressed out .
Most people just keep their todo list somewhere in the back of their head .
As things pile up , they become harder and harder to keep track of , and you become more stressed out about getting them all done or forgetting about them .
Simply writing them down on a list makes everything seem more manageable .
You can see the things you have to do — really , there ’s not quite as many important ones as you thought — and you can put them in order and get that nice burst of satisfaction that comes from crossing them off .
Yes , it all sounds like silly , basic stuff , but it ’s important .
Just having a list with all the stuff you need to do — and taking it seriously , actually going down it and checking stuff off every single day — is the difference between being a black hole of action items and being someone who actually Gets Stuff Done .
Point 2 : Know your team .
As a servant , it ’s crucial you know your masters well .
You need to know what they ’re good at and what gives them trouble .
You need to be able to tell when they ’re feeling good and when they ’re in a rut .
And you need to have a safe enough relationship with them that they can be honest with you and come to you when they ’re in trouble .
This is not easy .
( You have to be willing to hear bad news about yourself . )
The most important piece is understanding what people are good at and what they like doing .
A good first step is to just ask them , but often people are wrong or do n’t know .
So you try giving them different things , seeing how they do at them , and adjusting accordingly .
But in addition to your team ’s professional skills , it ’s important to understand their personal goals .
However much you may care about the work , at bottom it ’s still a job .
You need to understand why your team members took it .
Was it because it seemed interesting ?
Because it seemed worthwhile ?
Because it would give them valuable experience and help them get a better job down the road ?
It ’s important that you know , so you can make sure your tasks and expectations are in line with their goals .
Point 2a : Hire people smarter than you .
You want the best working for you .
People who are n’t just good at their job , but people who are also good at your job .
People you can trust to not just do something right but tell you that the way you suggested doing it was wrong .
People you can rely on to get things done if you just stay out of their way .
At least , that ’s the ideal .
In practice , it ’s hard to find people like that and even when you do , they still need help .
I have never found the traditional methods of hiring — resumés , interviews , quizzes — to be helpful at all .
Instead , I look at two things : what someone has done and whether I enjoy spending time with them .
The first shows not just their talent but also their ability to execute .
If they have n’t made something interesting , whether as a side project or at a previous job , then they ’re probably not worth hiring .
It ’s not that hard to sit down and accomplish something ; be wary of people who have n’t .
Similarly , you need to keep in mind that you ’re not just hiring a robot — you ’re hiring a flesh - and - blood human who you ’re going to need to spend a lot of time with during the day .
That means they need to be someone you not just get along with , but enjoy being around .
A formal interview , with all its stress and structure and contrivance , is a pretty bad environment for seeing if you like someone .
Instead , just go get coffee and chat .
Point 2b : Be careful when hiring friends .
Everyone wants to work with their friends .
After all , you have so much fun hanging out after work , why not hang out during work too ?
So they recruit their friends to work with them .
( Or , even worse , they recruit their lovers . )
But being friends is very different from being colleagues .
All friends learn ways to adjust themselves to each other — which tones to use , which subjects to avoid , when to give each other space .
These go out the window when you ’re working together .
You ca n’t just not say things because they ’ll get your friend upset .
So you say them , and they get upset , and you realize you have no way of dealing with each other when you ’re like this .
It makes working together difficult , to say the least .
The situation is the same , but vastly worse , with couples .
Plus , you ’re really screwed when your relationship falls apart under the stress .
If you do decide to work with people you ’re close with , you need to find a way to put your other relationship “ on hold ” while you work together .
Which means you both need to be strong enough to be able to blow up at each other at work and then go out for drinks like nothing ever happened .
If you ca n’t do this ( and few can ) , then either give up on the relationship or give up on the job .
The most extreme form of this , of course , is that you need to be able to fire your friend .
Just because you like them does n’t mean they ’ll automatically be a good employee .
And , sadly , there ’s really no way for you to know in advance .
Bad employees are no less disastrous because they ’re your friends .
Which means that if you hire a friend , you need to be able to fire them .
Point 2c : Set boundaries .
Conversely , do n’t become close friends with the people you work with .
You have to set some personal boundaries : you ’re their manager , not their friend .
Naturally , part of being a manager means that you have to talk to people about their personal problems and possibly even offer advice .
After all , it ’s your job to make your team effective and if personal problems are distracting from that , you are going to have to face someone ’s personal problems .
But be sure to keep these problems at arm ’s length .
Actually getting involved in someone ’s personal life or otherwise establishing a close personal relationship them is asking for trouble .
Point 3 : Go over the goals together .
Your first job as a manager is to make sure everyone ’s on the same page .
The team needs to understand what they ’re expected to do , why they ’re doing it , and who else is involved ( funding it , using it , counting on it ) .
If you picked a good team ( point 2a ) , they ’ll hear this and find holes in your plan and catch things you had n’t thought of .
( Which is good !
Together , you can fix it . )
But real work ca n’t begin until everyone ’s on board with the plan .
Point 3a : Build a community .
You ’re not managing a bunch of individual employees ; you ’re managing a team .
You ’re all trying to accomplish the same goal .
It ’s the manager ’s job to make sure everyone ’s comfortable with each other .
( Hint : Those dumb break - the - ice games do not make people more comfortable . )
And while there ’s obviously a lot of feedback you need to give people one - on - one ( never chew people out in front of a group ) , you should try to do a lot in front of the team as well .
It ’s easy to fall into a trap where you ’re just giving feedback individually .
The result is that everyone feels isolated , not knowing where their work fits in to the bigger picture .
Providing opportunities for everyone to see what everyone else is up to is crucial to making your team actually feel like it ’s a community , instead of just a group of your friends .
( First law of friendship drift : Just because you like two people does n’t mean they ’ll automatically like each other . )
It ’s also a good opportunity to set a tone .
You want people to treat each other like friends and colleagues , not backstabbing assholes or bickering siblings .
As my friend Clay comments :
I have a “ no asshole rule ” which is really simple : I really do n’t want to work with assholes .
So if you ’re an asshole and you work on my team , I ’m going to fire you .
Now , if the whole team says “ gosh , that ’s awful .
We want to work with as many assholes as we can ! ” then we have a simple solution .
I ’ll fire me !
( FYI : The “ No Asshole Rule ” is a book .
I thought it was actually a pretty good book as far as Business books go .
As far as I ’m concerned , anybody could stand to read 100 pages giving them the MBA Book cover they need to say to their boss : let ’s get the assholes out of here . )
But a community is about more than just tone , there ’s process as well .
You need to figure out how your team members work and how you can get them to work together .
Some people like constant human feedback ; others like locking themselves in a room for a couple hours and just getting something done .
Everyone has their own habits and styles .
Your job is to find an appropriate mix that makes everyone as productive they can be .
Point 4 : Assign responsibility .
First , break the plan up into parts .
Make sure everybody understands the parts .
Second , find a team member who wants to do each part .
The key word here is wants — some things just have to get done , it ’s true , but things will get done much better by people who want to do them .
One of the weird facts of life is that for just about everything you hate doing , there is someone out there who loves doing it .
( There are even people who get a real kick out of cleaning toilets . )
You may not currently employ them and you may not be able to hire them , but the is the goal worth striving toward .
It ’s also important to realize that a lot of what makes a task attractive or unattractive is outside the task itself .
Managing the company ’s accounting books at first seems like a pretty uninteresting job .
But when you realize it makes you indispensable and gives you authority over how all the money is spent , it suddenly seems a little more exciting .
Use your knowledge from point 2 to structure tasks in a way that ’s attractive to your team members .
Point 4a : Vary responsibilities .
Another thing to keep in mind is that most people like variety in their work .
It ’s very tempting to think of someone as “ the finance guy ” and just give them all the finance - related tasks .
But in any organization there ’s lots of different kinds of things to do and a wide mix of people to do it .
Many people will appreciate the opportunity to switch up the kinds of things they do .
It ’s tempting to think that this is inefficient , that by having one guy do all the finance tasks they ’ll become an expert in it and the finance tasks will get done more effectively .
And there ’s definitely some truth in it .
But one of the best ways to be inefficient is to make your team unhappy .
If doing something new makes someone enjoy their job more , it ’ll be well worth the cost in time of them having to learn how to do it .
Even better , their fresh perspective might just help you make improvements you ’d never thought of before .
Point 4b : Delegate responsibility .
As the manager , it ’s a continual temptation to keep important jobs for yourself .
After all , they ’re usually fun to do and doggone - it they ’re important , you ca n’t risk them on somebody else !
Resist the temptation .
For one thing , taking jobs for yourself is one way of distracting yourself from having to do actual management ( point 1 ) .
But more importantly , you ’ll never be able to develop your team if you keep all the real responsibility for yourself .
Sure , Jony may not be as good at meeting funders as you , but a lot of that ’s because she ’s never gotten a chance to practice .
If it ’s something she wants to do ( point 2 ) , take her along and give him a chance to learn .
Point 5 : Clear obstacles .
This is the bulk of what non-hierarchical management is about .
You ’ve got good people , they ’ve got good responsibilities .
Now it ’s your job to do everything in your power to help them get them done .
A good way to start is just by asking people what they need .
Is their office too noisy ?
Did they get confused about something you said ?
Are they stuck on a particular problem ?
Are they overwhelmed with work ?
It ’s your job to help them out : get them a quieter office , clarify things , find them advice or answers , shift some stuff off their plate .
They should n’t be wasting time with things that annoy them ; that ’s your job .
But you have to be proactive as well .
People tend to suffer quietly , both because they do n’t want to come whining to you and just because when you ’re stuck in a rut all your attention is focused on the rut .
A key part of being a manager is checking in with people , pointing out that they ’re stuck in a rut , and gently helping them out .
Point 5a : Prioritize .
At any given time , there ’s lots of stuff that needs to be done .
Part of your job is helping people decide what to tackle first .
You do n’t want to be too didactic about it — people like choice and variety , they ’re not always so happy when you just give them one instruction after another — but even that ’s usually far preferable to being overwhelmed with stuff .
The best prioritization relationship is a dialogue : “ OK , what ’s next ? ” someone asks .
“ Well , what about building the new sprocket management engine ? ” “ Ugh , I ’m too tired for that today . ” “ OK , how about cleaning the frobnitz ? ” “ Bo-ring . ” “ Oh , I know !
We need someone to document the doohickey . ”
“ Ooh , perfect — thanks ! ”
Point 5 b : Fight procrastination .
Procrastination is the crop blight of the office - work world .
It affects just about everyone and it ’s very hard to fight alone .
The single best way to stop procrastination is to sit down with someone and come up with the next concrete step they have to take and then start doing it together .
There ’s something magical about having another person sit down with you and do something that can overcome procrastination ’s natural resistance .
And once you get someone started , momentum can often carry them through the rest of the day .
Even if all you do is help people overcome procrastination , you will be well worth it .
Point 6 : Give feedback .
White - collar work is lonely .
You sit at a desk , staring at a screen , poking at buttons .
It ’s easy to get lost and off - track and depressed .
That ’s why it ’s important to check in and see how things are doing .
Not only does it give you a chance to see how people are doing ( point 5 ) , it gives you a chance to see how things are coming and gently steer them back on course if they ’ve drifted from what you ’ve intended .
Point 6a : Do n’t micromanage .
Remember , your job is n’t to tell people how to do things ; it ’s to help them get it done .
Sometimes this means helping them figure out how to do it , but in general you should assume that you work with smart people and they ’ll be able to handle it themselves .
Again , be a servant , not a boss .
Studies consistently show that people are much happier and more productive when they have control over the way they work .
Never take that away .
Point 7 : Do n’t make decisions ( unless you really have to ) .
As manager , people will often come to you to make decisions or resolve disputes .
It ’s very tempting , with people looking up at you for guidance , to want to give your sage advice .
But the fact is , even if ( or especially if ) as a manager you ’re held up on a pedestal , you probably know less about the question than anyone else on the team .
The worst managers do n’t just make decisions when people come to them , they parachute in and start dictating tiny details .
The urge to do this can be overwhelming , but there are few things more disastrous to morale .
If you really have to give input , couch it as such .
And if people fight back , know when to step back and say “ look , you ’re the expert .
I was just giving my two cents . ”
( Hint : It ’s right after they start fighting back . )
The best managers use these opportunities not to dictate an answer , but to have a Socratic dialogue to help figure out what the best answer is .
Often when people are stuck on something , they really just need someone else to talk things over with , either for assistance or validation .
Here ’s your chance to help .
Point 8 : Fire ineffective people .
Firing people is hard .
It ’s probably the hardest thing you ’ll ever do .
People go to absurd lengths to try and make it easier ( “ we ’ll just try him out for a month and see how it goes ” is a common one ) but they never really help .
You just have to bite the bullet and let people go .
It ’s your job .
If you ca n’t do it , find someone else .
Firing people is n’t just about saving money , or petty things like that .
It ’s the difference between a great organization and a failure .
Inefective people drag everyone else down to their level .
They make it so that you ca n’t take pride in what you ’re doing , so that you dread going into work in the morning , so that you ca n’t rely on the other pieces of the project getting done .
And assholes , no matter how talented they may be , are even worse .
Conversely , there are few things more fun than working hard with a really nice , talented group of people .
You are never going to be able to tell whether someone is going to work out in advance .
Assholes are sometimes easy to spot , but people can have great resumes , solid references , a charming interview style , and still be total failures .
And the worst part is , there will always be excuses for their failures .
“ I know , I know , ” they ’ll say , “ it ’s just that I ’ve been really sick this week .
I ’ve been distracted with family things .
I ’ve been traveling .
Look , I ’m sorry .
I promise I ’ll do better this week . ”
I ’ve said them all myself .
If you ’re not getting things done , you can always come up with excuses for why .
Competent people get things done anyway .
Ineffective ones let the excuses pile up .
They ’re not going to leave themselves .
You have to pull the trigger .
Point 9 : Give away the credit .
As the team ’s manager , there will be many opportunities where people will want to give you credit .
And getting credit is nice , it makes you feel good .
So you start coming up with excuses for why you deserve it , even though you did n’t do any of the work .
“ Well , it was my vision , ” you will say .
“ I was the one who made it all happen . ”
But think of all those talented people slaving away at desks .
They were the ones who actually made it happen .
Make sure they get the credit .
And not in a facetious , “ thanks to all the little people way ” .
No , you need to own up .
You are the assistant .
They did all the work .
As Clay says , “ A manager ’s worst enemy is his or her own ego . ”
Point 10 : You ’re probably not cut out for this .
Spending your days doing grunt work for people who are smarter than you .
Obsessing over their mood and personal problems .
Turning down all opportunities to take credit or get attention so you can continue to work as a servant .
Does this really sound like a job you want ?
Probably not .
Few people are cut out for it .
It ’s really hard .
It ’s incredibly stressful .
It ’s not at all glamorous .
But it ’s vitally important .
A team without a manager is doomed to be an ineffective team .
So if you ca n’t do it , find somebody else .
Thanks to Clay Johnson and Emmett Shear for their comments on drafts of this essay .
You should follow me on twitter here .
February 16 , 2009
( CNN ) --
An overcompetitive parent gets into an argument with a stubborn coach because he thinks his child is n't getting enough playing time -- it 's a familiar scene on youth sports fields across America .
One critic of the Rhode Island plan said giving parents a outlet for petty complaints " opens up a can of worms . "
Now , a Rhode Island senator wants the state to step in and create a formal outlet for the " concerns and objections " some parents have .
Democratic Sen. John Tassoni Jr. introduced a bill that would create a youth sports oversight council on the state level .
The council would act as mediator in disputes between parents of youth athletes and sports officials .
In answer to critics , Tassoni said Friday that the notion the bill would mean " big brother " could begin to oversee youth sports is a misconception .
The bill cites the need for a third party to step in at times , stating that " parents lack a proper outlet to share concerns and objections about youth sports . "
But the parents are the biggest problem , said Matt Rodrigues , general manager and owner of Teamworks youth sports program in Warwick , Rhode Island .
" They are crazy , especially in Rhode Island .
The kids on the court are scared because the parents are yelling and screaming , " Rodrigues said .
But the answer , he said , is not to create a council that " makes decisions we can deal with ourselves . "
A similar council exists in Waterford , Connecticut -- run by the town , not the state .
" It kind of surprises me that [ Rhode Island would ] do it on such a large level like that , " said Bruce Miller , president of the Waterford Youth Sports Council .
Waterford 's council is made up of representatives from the town 's 11 sports leagues .
Tassoni's bill states that at least four of the members of the state council would be regional youth sports representatives .
He said the council is needed because right now there is no place to go to resolve disputes .
" There 's no place right now to bring a case forward and have a third party take a look at it , " he said .
Under the bill , Republican Gov. Donald Carcieri would appoint seven volunteers -- approved by the state Senate and House -- to sit on a panel called the Rhode Island Youth Sports Oversight Council .
Tassoni said the seven - member council would n't be made up of politicians , but ex-coaches , ex-officials and ex-athletic directors .
Some adults involved in youth sports are n't happy about it .
One blogger posted concerns on the Web site of a Rhode Island newspaper , the Providence Journal .
" Hey Tassoni : What do you do , [ lie ] in bed and think to yourself -- ' what have n't me and my cronies either screwed up , bankrupted or embarrassed yet ?
Hmmmm ... have n't touched Little League yet . '
Do me a favor -- and I ask this as a coach and a parent -- stay the hell away from my field !!!! " wrote the blogger .
Others think the government should " concentrate on the state . "
Rodrigues of the Teamworks program said giving parents a place to do petty complaining only " opens up a can of worms . "
He said the council just " sounds like another way to take power away from our programs -- they have enough [ power ] . "
The governor has not taken a position on the legislation and will not until he reviews the bill , press secretary Amy Kempe said Friday .
She added , however , that " there appears to be some vague language and constitutional issues . "
The bill states that the volunteers on the council would be expected to " provide oversight and mediation " to youth sports programs in the state , as well as develop and adopt a process to review and address complaints .
In addition , the council would have the authority to establish and collect fines .
But the bill does not go into detail about how to implement the reviewing and fining processes .
The bill , with some revisions , is scheduled to be heard by the state Senate on Wednesday .
Tassoni hopes to have the council in place by June or July .
All About Rhode Island • U.S. State Government
These strange cones and holes look like a bizarre wind formation in the Egyptian desert , until you see the pattern they make from the air .
Advertisement
Created by Greek artist Danae Stratou and the DAST art team in the mid-1990s , this earthwork art is called " Desert Breath . "
It covers 100,000 square meters in the Egyptian desert near the Red Sea , and took several years to create .
At its center was a fairly deep pool of water , and the whole project was designed to slowly erode over time .
Which is exactly what 's happened
Advertisement
This is a view of the project via a satellite photo taken shortly after it was created .
And this is what it looks like today .
It is eroding beautifully .
For more information , and more photos , check out Stratou 's gallery .
One in six men will be abused by their female partner .
For The One Show , Dominic Littlewood has been investigating the growing numbers of men who are coming forward as victims of domestic violence at the hands of women .
If you 've been affected by the issues raised in tonight 's film , you can find sources of information and support at our ' action line ' .
Telephone : 08000 560 190 .
Other sources of support and information include :
mankind.org.uk , supportline.org.uk and hiddenhurt.co.uk .
In the film , aggression expert Dr Malcolm George told Dom that traditional stereotypes about masculinity and femininity have held men back from reporting when they 've been the victims of domestic violence .
It 's a tale of entrepreneurial flair that provokes awe and envy in equal measure .
A student at Harvard creates a website for the amusement of his fellow undergraduates so they can exchange notes and keep tabs on upcoming events .
It catches on with their friends , and their friends ' friends , so he rolls out invitations to other Ivy League colleges and schools and selected corporations .
Two years later , the gates are opened worldwide to anyone over the age of 13 with an email address – and when Microsoft eventually purchase a 1.6 per cent share in October 2007 , the site appears to have a headline - grabbing value of $ 15 bn ( £ 10bn ) .
Today , in its fifth birthday week , Facebook has more than 150 million users worldwide , and its founder , Mark Zuckerberg , is rated by Forbes as the 321st richest person in the world .
Not bad going for a college dropout .
But aside from Zuckerberg 's prodigious business acumen , what has been the secret of Facebook 's popularity ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Those who doubt its value to humanity will frequently ask " well , OK , what does it do ? " ; answering that question concisely and coherently is surprisingly difficult .
But it has , arguably , been the best attempt yet at creating a container for us to bring our real - world friends together in an online community .
The more we put into it , the more we get out of it – so Facebook enthusiasts become even more evangelical , while those who half - heartedly dip their toe into its waters remain unconvinced .
Uploading photos , sending messages , playing Scrabble or checking out new music are all things that you can do perfectly well elsewhere online but by rolling up all these things and more into one well - designed , easy - to - use website has meant that millions go there automatically when they open their browser window .
And it has n't just been a Western phenomenon ; an intense localisation programme has meant that its penetration into non-English - speaking markets such as Italy , Cuba , Austria and Albania has eclipsed that of its competitors .
Unsurprisingly , its rise to prominence has not been without hiccups .
There have been the inevitable lawsuits from Zuckerberg 's former college friends who claim that some of his innovations were actually theirs .
Then there 's the regular blocking of the site by companies whose IT departments can clearly see the amount of time that employees fritter away on it .
But the more serious issues have surrounded privacy .
Facebook insists that you use your own name rather than an alias when you sign up ( anyone opting for an obviously fictitious surname , such as Stardust , will have their account suspended ) so anything we choose to reveal on the site , from our birthdate , to our taste in music or our enthusiasm for abseiling is inextricably linked to us and stored for posterity – even if we decided to close our account .
As Facebook 's value as a company is almost entirely related to its ability to target advertising at us in the sidebar of the website , it could be accused of almost disingenuously persuading us to reveal information for our own benefit and amusement , when , in fact , that information has a cash value .
Facebook 's introduction of a system called Beacon , which quietly gathered additional information about us and our purchases from participating sites in order to further hone their advertising techniques , was deemed to be a step too far and resulted in an apology from Zuckerberg and substantial revisions of the way the system operated .
A recent redesign of Facebook , forced through against the wishes of many regular users , was a gamble that neatly summed up the dilemma faced by social networking websites , and indeed Facebook 's prospects for the future : how to hang on to users ?
Facebook had little choice but to adapt the website to allow more space for content , games , features and advertising but risked alienating users who simply liked things to stay as they were .
The gamble appears to have paid off for the time being but Zuckerberg need only look at the history of social networking to know that the site 's future is by no means guaranteed .
Friends Reunited created a huge wave of interest in 2001 as people flooded to sign up ; today , its occasional emails begging you to pay the site a visit seem like a desperate cry for help .
Friendster 's boom period came in 2003 , but today – at least for users outside Asia – it 's something of a ghost town .
MySpace , purchased by Rupert Murdoch in 2005 , found itself displaced last year by Facebook as the most popular social networking site ; while that could be put down to MySpace 's ugly interface or persistent problems with spam , it could equally be the case that , just like our favourite pubs , our favourite clubs or indeed our circle of friends , social networks are ephemeral .
When we get bored , we move on to look for something different .
And the explosion of interest in the microblogging service Twitter over the past couple of months has undoubtedly been at the expense of some activity on Facebook .
Perhaps we 're becoming ambivalent about the multi-faceted Facebook experience , and instead seduced by the brilliant simplicity of Twitter 's 140 - character - limit messageboard .
The battle to stay in the social networking pole position will hinge around wireless communication and handheld devices .
Both Facebook and MySpace are designed to be accessed from a computer , and while mobile versions are available , they 're essentially stripped down versions of the websites .
As phones are increasingly able to identify our location via GPS and wireless networks , it 's only a matter of time before we 'll be able to walk into a party , check our phone , and be told who else in the room shares our interests .
Services for the iPhone such as Brightkite and iRovr are moving down that route , as is Google 's newly - launched Latitude tool ; if Facebook is to avoid being seen as old hat , it 's these challengers it needs to be taking on rather than MySpace , which it has essentially already beaten .
None of this , of course , addresses the question of how a business that means so much to so many will actually end up making serious sums of money .
Zuckerberg says that monetising the business is n't his priority right now , and that will come about three years down the line .
The youngest self - made billionaire in history sounds confident .
But does he know what he 's doing ?
The reclusive billionaire
Being the face of Facebook has not been easy for Mark Zuckerberg .
The 24 - year - old billionaire , who founded the website in his dorm at Harvard with three friends – Dustin Moskovitz , Chris Hughes , and Eduardo Saverin – has a preference for privacy .
He can come across as grumpy and aloof .
The demands of globe - trotting , he admits , sit uneasily with his geeky domesticity .
The son of a dentist , Zuckerberg was born in the wealthy suburb of White Plains , north New York , and grew up in nearby Dobbs Ferry .
He attended state schools until the age of 16 , when he was sent to the exclusive Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire , which appears in many of American novelist John Irving 's most famous books .
He was a computer nerd , very much in the tradition invented by Bill Gates .
Having built a programme to help his father 's practice run more smoothly , he played a version of the strategy game Risk and built a music player called , nerdily enough , Synapse .
Microsoft and AOL thought they 'd spotted genius , and tried to recruit him .
He resisted , instead taking up a place at Harvard to study Psychology and Computer Science , only to drop out in his final year ( just as Gates did ) when interest in Facebook ballooned .
Renowned for his dishevelled , just - out - of - bed appearance , Zuckerberg is rarely seen in anything other than jeans , T - shirt , and sandals – de rigueur in Palo Alto , California , where he is now based .
He carries a BlackBerry and iPhone with him at all times , and sees Donald Graham , chief executive of The Washington Post , as his mentor .
" He takes a very long - term view of business " , Zuckerberg says .
" So much of technology is focused on a really short cycle " .
He retains a youthful idealism , always firmly answering " no " when asked if he is motivated by profit .
Critics contend that 's easy to do when Forbes ranks you the 785th richest person in the world , with a net worth of around $ 1.5 bn ( £ 1 bn ) .
Zuckerberg claims instead to be motivated by a profound belief in the capacity of the internet to rewrite the rules of communication .
" The goal of the company , " he says , " is to help people to share more in order to make the world more open and to help promote understanding between people " .
This mission for his company will " build a pretty good business " in which " everyone will be financially rewarded " .
It 's worked so far .
Amol Rajan
I could n't live without it
When I first signed up for the service , in a diversionary lull between revision sessions for my university finals , the mechanics of the whole thing were baffling .
I was doing fine with email and a telephone , thanks very much .
These days , though , I would far rather lose my mobile than have my profile deleted .
The thing about Facebook today – at least among twentysomethings and below , and amongst wider and wider swathes of everyone else – is that it 's reached a critical mass , where such a huge majority uses it that not to is socially hobbling .
If I was n't on Facebook , I would n't find out when my friends got a new job , or a new phone number , or a new squeeze .
I would n't be able to cream them at Scrabble ... and I would n't get invited to any parties .
Facebook does n't pre-empt other kinds of social interaction ; it facilitates them , enriches them , and keeps you close to the people you care about .
Also , it makes you much better at turn - based word games .
Archie Bland
I despair of my generation
When I was at university two years ago , Facebook had the social scene in a stranglehold and , for brief moments , its significance seemed to eclipse the old - fashioned , tangible world of parties and drinking .
It burrowed into the social fabric of college life and made itself indispensable ; forget to check Facebook and you could guarantee you would miss a party , a play starring a friend , or worse , someone 's birthday .
But the thing I most despair of about being a member of the Facebook generation is that is has dragged our tangled web of friendships and relations into the very public sphere of the internet .
By defining everyone from a soulmate to a casual acquaintance as a " friend " , whole shades of meaning and social nuance have been rendered irrelevant .
I feel for my younger sister and her friends , who think nothing of hours browsing friend 's photos and wall posts .
At least I experienced a world before the newsfeed and the " poke " .
Jack Riley
Status update : Facebook facts
* 150 million users worldwide
* Originally called TheFaceBook by founder , Mark Zuckerberg
* More than 24 million photos are updated daily
* The maximum number of friends is 5,000 ; the average is 120
* Over 70 per cent of users are outside the US , and collectively spend three billion minutes on the site daily
* More than 52,000 applications are available on Facebook
* Facebook employees , in common with those at Google , get three free meals a day
* The site has been blocked in Syria and Iran
How it all comes undone for the Dems …
Bailout backlash .
It ’s the issue du jour in Washington .
To date , the administration ’s approach to handling it consists of carefully stage - managed public displays of righteous indignation .
Monday , Austan Goolsbee asserted AIG should have gotten “ the Nobel Prize for Evil . ” Ooomph .
Very Cheney - esque .
But the administration should beware what happens if as part of their new line of awards , those wry Swedes start giving out the Nobel Prize for Fecklessness or the Nobel Prize for When - You ’re - President - No - Matter - Who - Broke - It - You Own - It .
Remember , AIG came to the U.S. government because they had already screwed up big time .
That should have set off some alarm bells .
The savants who were running AIG may have been clueless , but who was , or rather who was not , looking out for the United States ?
Who is doing it now on all the new deals that are being cut ?
I worry that despite all evidence to the contrary , somewhere out there is a smart , crafty Republican of the Newt Gingrich variety .
He is watching the nation build up a head of angry steam over the AIG bonuses and he is realizing that is a potential bonanza from a political perspective .
Oh sure , the Bush administration deserves much of the credit for creating the current crisis .
But this Rahm - Emanuel - with - guns ( scary thought ) will know that with every passing day it becomes more Obama ’s crisis and what ’s more , the pre-inauguration involvement of some key Obama players creates a special opportunity .
I am sorry to say this Secretary Geithner , but those red concentric circles on your chest are not the telltale warning signs of Lyme Disease .
That ’s a target .
What this unrepentantly partisan Republican and his cronies are going to do is to use every single apparent , possible or even real abuse of U.S. taxpayer dollars and hang it on as many Dems as possible beginning with Geithner .
How involved , the attackers will ask , was he in the AIG deal ?
Did he know about bonus arrangements before they came to light ?
Did he fail to ask questions about such arrangements ?
What about the multi-billion dollar tranches passing through AIG to foreign financial institutions , some even now owned by European governments ?
Did he realize billions in U.S. taxpayer dollars were going to bailout foreign banks and shareholders ?
Did he consider whether a better deal could have been struck that did not make these greedy , reckless risk - takers whole ?
Why was he so cavalier with your money and mine ?
And why did he not spot the flaws in the system earlier ?
AIG is huge but it will only be the tip of iceberg .
Every other bailout dollar will be watched .
Every party that takes place on our tab , every luxury perk offered to senior executives , every penny wasted will produce attack blog posts , attack articles , attack ads , and , wherever possible , hearings .
Any undertaking of the scope of the stimulus and the bailouts produced by this government ( and let ’s remember the U.S. government has never in its history undertaken any spending programs of this size , especially in so short a period of time ) will produce mistakes , waste , and corruption .
It wo n’t matter which it is , congressional campaigns will turn on whether candidates voted for or against funds that were wasted , whether they did their due diligence .
Barring other catastrophes , my worry is that the 2010 mid-term elections could very well be defined by a systematic campaign to define key Democrats as unworthy stewards of the national treasury .
Democratic stalwarts who had oversight functions that they did not pursue with sufficient avidity will start losing — first in primaries to other “ reform ” Democrats and if not then , to Republicans .
Would n’t you love to run against Chuck Schumer or Chris Dodd in the current environment ?
Run ads about their donations from Wall Street and how many of them tanked or took advantage of the United States or took advantage of the kindness of their apparently bought and paid for Congressional overseers ?
It would be …it will be …like shooting fish in a barrel .
It will , of course , be a great irony but the rebirth of the Republican Party will be fueled by them blowing the whistle on a crisis of their own creation ( irony doubled as they also attack the Democrats for overspending and fiscal irresponsibility , two subjects on which they wrote the book … entirely in red ink ) .
And it will happen .
Even though right now it is hard to imagine who will emerge from the current dung heap of Republican hacks , someone will , perhaps an entire generation of squeaky - clean , fiscally responsible , good government Republicans ?
Doubt it ?
Having trouble imagining it ?
It ’s a tradition in the Republican Party — Theodore Roosevelt comes to mind — but more importantly , it is what political market forces will demand .
There will be casualties in the Obama administration .
Count on it .
Geithner is the most likely target but in the immortal expression of Rhys Ifans in the understandably under- rated The Replacements , he ’s “ wiry . ”
( Which is to say wily , tough , and a survivor . )
So if they do n’t get him , they ’ll put him on the defensive and thereafter , the attackers will be opportunistic .
And there will be attempts to adjust .
But there is only one way to really offset this .
Strike first .
Appoint , as suggested earlier , an inspector general for the bailouts .
Not some guy in the Interior Department who will plod away .
Appoint someone in the vein of Patrick Fitzgerald , the pre-transvestite Rudy Giuliani , or the pre-whore Eliot Spitzer .
Find some former U.S. attorney for the Second District or some former Deputy Attorney General or judge who will strike fear into the hearts of your own party .
Demand that the Democratic leadership on the Hill be the ones calling the hearings into how taxpayer funds were used and require that they are non-partisan in their approach to subpoenas or investigations .
Get out in front of it …or be buried beneath it .
YURI GRIPAS / AFP / Getty Images
No , no , it does n't end like this .
Not like this .
[ she dies . ]
No one can be told what the Matrix is .
You have to see it for yourself .
Neo : I do n't like the idea that I 'm not in control of my life .
Morpheus : I know exactly what you mean .
Let me tell you why you 're here .
You 're here because you know something .
What you know you can't explain , but you feel it .
You 've felt it your entire life , that there 's something wrong with the world .
You do n't know what it is , but it 's there , like a splinter in your mind , driving you mad ...
It seems that you 've been living two lives .
One life , you 're Thomas A. Anderson , program writer for a respectable software company .
You have a social security number , pay your taxes , and you help your landlady carry out her garbage .
The other life ... where you go by the alias " Neo " ...
One of these lives has a future , and one of them does not .
Boy :
Do not try and bend the spoon .
That 's impossible .
Instead ... only try to realize the truth .
Neo :
What truth ?
Boy :
There is no spoon .
Neo :
There is no spoon ?
Boy :
Then you 'll see , that it is not the spoon that bends , it is only yourself .
God is one .
Credit
Girlfriends
Neo :
Can you fly that thing ?
Trinity : Not yet .
[ Dials a phone . ]
Tank , I need a pilot program for a B212 helicopter .
Agent Smith has Neo ( " Mr. Anderson " ) in a chokehold on the train tracks ; the subway speeds towards them .
Agent Smith is -- satisfied .
Hear that , Mr. Anderson ?
That is the sound of inevitability .
It is the sound of your death .
Good bye , Mr. Anderson .
My name is Neo .
I know kung fu .
( Part 1 here : An Action Movie Fairy Tale )
With every passing day , you realize you will not fight bad guys , not join the CIA , not be in a band , not throw the winning touchdown .
You will not know kung fu .
Your body sickeningly , boringly confirms it .
You breathe harder when you run .
You do n't run anyway .
Hair missing , appearing .
Women your age are better looking than men your age .
Wait , wait , what ?
Hopes and dreams are now only dreams .
You start to care about office politics because nothing else is happening .
Clothes matter more because very little else does .
Drinking helps .
You do n't know why , you are n't an alcoholic , but youit . . "
You love the sister you 've married , but there 's no hunger , no need .
There never really was .
This was supposed to be temporary until ... came along .
The woman with the dark hair tied loosely in a bun , wearing a scarf , glasses , stunningly beautiful ( no one had noticed her but you , of course ) -- lost -- needing to be saved --- What modern middle aged narcissist wants is to find a way to put one foot in reality and keep one foot in fantasy .
A solution that lets him keep fighting the traffic twice a day .
Providing just enoughof self - awareness that he does n't reach for a bazooka and blow his brains out .
( If only he had even energy for that . )
To have just enough hope that one day the fantasies could come true that he keeps on going .
That a 30 something year old man could suddenly know kung fu.
Fortunately , we find ourselves at the tenth anniversary of just such a solution . : the natural , necessary end to the action movie generation , temporarily postponing a tripling of the suicide rate .
It was n't supposed to be like this .
By this age , things were supposed to have happened for you .
You were supposed to be somebody .
Someone was supposed to have fallen in love with you .
What is called the " world " does n't seem like what you thought it would be .... there 's a lack of emotional connection ; a lack of highs and lows , of change , of either growth or regression .
No energy .
There 's no real love .
Instead is trudging , boredom .... ennui .
There 's nothing happening in your life ; yet you feel like it 's out of control .
You walk through life diligently performing the tasks assigned to you , automatically .
But always the thousand yard stare , the tiniest expectation that it is all about to change .
More than fantasy but less than delusion , you hold active the remotethat you are more than your current appearance .
You 're not unfinished , you 're undiscovered .
If , in the preposterous situation of alien invasion or talent scout or ninja attack , you 'd know exactly what to do .
You'd be able to do it .
It is the reverse of , it 's Constipation .
You have a completely defined , detailed identity , but it never got a chance to come out .
The world would n't cooperate .
The problem is the world .
You know you do n't really know kung fu .
You know ninjas are n't going to attack .
But you know a secret : that the impossible thing is , not thatif ninjas attacked .
In a reality which would permit the existence of a ninja attack , it is inevitable that it would allow you to know kung fu .
What kind of a reality is it that blocks impossible scenarios , but treats them as prerequisites ?
A reality that is still , partially , under You say : but no one seriously believes reality is fake , that we 're living in a computer .
Correct ; but the issue is n't the reality of reality , but under what circumstances would reality change for you ?
What are the necessary requirements for you to suddenly know kung fu ?
God lets the world run as it is , but if ninjas attacked , God would make sure you 'd know kung fu .
But there 's no religion here , you do n't need to go to church for this , you just need to believe that God is watching out for you .
This is why organized religion is in serious decline .
There 's no way a Catholic God will upload kung fu when you need it .
Access to that kind of transcendent knowledge requires Buddhism , or agnosticism .
It requires you not to know who He is , so you can make Him into whatever you need Him to be .
You 're not going to subject yourself to His rules ; you 're going to subject Him to yours .
Do you remember the movies that had the Devil as the bad guy ?
The hero never had special powers ; he had to perfectly execute Catholic rituals or incantations that exist independent of himself in order to stop the Devil .
That was back when we still believed in something outside of ourselves .
They do n't make those movies anymore .is another one .
No , credit wo n't change reality , but credit solidifies your identity in preparation for a change in reality .
Credit says : buy this coat , it signifies that you could know kung fu.are another .
Girlfriends say : I pretend to believe you when you say you know kung fu , because I love you .
The boyfriend says , not hearing anything she said : I 'll stay with you until either I know kung fu ; or you realize I do n't really know kung fu , and my shame makes me hate you .
What does it matter ?
None of this is the real thing anyway .
1. After a gunbattle , Trinity and Neo need to fly a chopper .
Poof -- she now knows how to fly a chopper .
Fine : how did she even know that it was a B212 helicopter ?
Presumably she learned it " on the job . "
But knowing that fact is pointless : none of it is real anyway , and Tank " sees " everything , he would know what programs to upload , she could simply say , " I need to fly that thing over there .
"
It 's the accumulation of trivia , the same as a guy who learns all the different kinds of handguns but never shoots one ; they know minute details of rock music , when something was performed , who produced it -- but never played an instrument .
It is the substitution of information , easily acquired , for knowledge .
Knowing about it makes you think you are so much closer to knowing it .
But , as any virgin on the internet will know , knowing about and knowing are different things .
2. Trinity loves Neo , even before he becomes The One .
She 's waited her whole life for him .
He does n't ( yet ) know kung fu , but she knows he will .
And sheknow kung fu-- and chooses him , saves him .
That 's love .
But Neo does n't return the love until he becomes who he has always known he is .
He has to know kung fu first .
Only then cansomeone really love him .
Agent Smith has it figured right : Anderson 's life was a pointless struggle .
All the dreaming and all the expectation are doomed to end in failure , in death .
Faced with the absurdity and unintelligibility of life , but the inevitability of its end , there is only one answer that today 's man -- the narcissist -- can give that makes his life meaningful , and he gives it :
That 's all he needs to say to escape the inevitable .
Someone says : oh , come on .
There 's no real philosophy in , it 's homeopathic doses of Kant and Derrida .
What are you , German ?
No one 's read Kant , what the hell is the matter with you ?
No one 's even readThere was more philosophy in those two hours than people had passed in a bookstore over their entire lives .
If you 're 50 , you say : really ?
a movie is that powerful that it can affect the consciousness of people who did n't even like it ?
I know , I know , such power is given only to the Beatles ... or Pink Floyd ... or the Dead ... or .
All these things are the same .
They all say : stay young with me as your life washes away beneath you .
" But I did n't even see the stupid movie ! "
Look around : they did .
It 's enough .
Or did you buy an engagement ring because of three thousand years of tradition ?
The Matrix was the articulated solution to a growing existential crisis .
It gave us hope : " Unless there 's solid reason not to , I 'm just going to allow the possibility that there 's more to reality than what I see , and so there may be a valid reason to hope that my real life will kick in any time .
And then someone will love me .
" " No , but when I need to , I will .
" The Matrix could have carried us , could have kept the Schizotypal state active , maybe for another ten years .
It gave Narcissism the strength to look reality in the face and say , " my identity is bigger than you , I do n't care what you do , if I needed to , I could control you .
" Two years after
Lingering mystery : Congressman calls for probe into 2001 anthrax attacks Agence France - Presse
Published : Monday March 16 , 2009
Print This Email This
More than seven years after the first bio-terror attack on the United States , Congress is considering creating a commission to probe the government 's response to the anthrax - laced letters that killed five people .
Representative Rush Holt , a Democrat , has submitted a bill that would create a bipartisan commission to investigate the government 's handling of the 2001 attacks , which also exposed 17 people to the powdery anthrax spores .
" Myriad questions remain about the anthrax attacks and the government 's bungled response to the attacks , " Holt said in a statement .
Holt said in a statement that the commission would review an investigation conducted by the FBI , which for years pursued the wrong suspect before turning its attention to a government anthrax researcher who committed suicide before he could be charged .
" The bipartisan commission would make recommendations to the president and Congress on how the country can best prevent and respond to any future bio- terrorism attack , " Holt said .
The commission would be given 18 months to conduct its inquiry .
The Justice Department concluded last August that Bruce Ivins , a bio-defense researcher at the US Army 's Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases , was solely responsible for sending the anthrax letters .
Ivins committed suicide in July 2008 after being informed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation of plans to bring charges against him .
Initially , the FBI 's suspicion fell on another bio-terror expert , Steven Hatfill , who was declared a " person of interest " and pursued until 2006 , when the leadership of the investigation was changed .
In March 2008 , the FBI settled a lawsuit initiated by Hatfield for 5.8 million dollars .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Chess is one of the most well - researched games and if you are not deterred by those 32 pieces and 64 squares , you are sure to find in chess folklore something to your interest , not necessarily in the games themselves .
Well - played games are of course things of prime interest to enthusiasts , but even otherwise you will find interesting stories like the idiosyncracies of players , notable incidents , stories , humors and such like .
Here is one story that I read long time ago and was possibly made up to show why Russians led the world in chess for so long .
It concerns Alekhine , one of the legends in chess history and world champion during 1927 to 1935 and 1937 to 1946 .
The story goes that Alekhine , a champion by that time , was traveling through the countryside and stopped at a roadside inn for a meal .
Nobody there knew about him and Alekhine found that many farmers were playing chess at different tables .
One of the farmers sitting by himself asked Alekhine if he would like to join him to play a game or two and Alekhine indulgently agreed just to pass his time .
To his utter surprise , Alekhine soon found himself at the losing end .
While praising the farmer for his chess skill , Alekhine was curious to know why the farmer had never touched his rooks which could probably make the win even faster .
The farmer said with an expression of surprise “ You mean you play those pieces also ?
Here we use those as corner markers . ”
In honor of the bicentenary of Abraham Lincoln and Charles Darwin
12 February 2009
It is among the most remarkable coincidences of history that Abraham Lincoln and Charles Darwin were born on the same date , February 12 , 1809 .
Lincoln , as the 16th president of the United States , made an immense contribution to the political liberation of mankind .
Darwin , in the sphere of science , contributed mightily to its intellectual liberation .
Today the World Socialist Web Site pays tribute to the memory of these two very great men .
Abraham Lincoln
Abraham Lincoln
Abraham Lincoln 's place in history rests upon his leadership of the US during the Civil War ( 1861 - 1865 ) and his central role in the drafting of the Emancipation Proclamation , which laid the legal basis for the destruction of slavery .
But slavery , and the Southern oligarchy that depended upon it , were ultimately destroyed only by the victory of the Union army in the South , which transformed the longstanding sectional conflict into what historian James McPherson has aptly called the second American Revolution .
More has been written about Lincoln than any other figure in US history .
Virtually every aspect of his extraordinary political career has been covered in detail .
So vast is the legend that surrounds his name that it becomes difficult to abstract the real individual from the icon .
But the manner in which Lincoln 's life and character became bound up with the greatest historical questions of his time — slavery and the fate of the union — merits particular attention .
Lincoln played a central role in one of the great progressive struggles of modern history .
The Civil War arose inexorably out of the fundamental contradictions left unresolved by the first American Revolution , which had proclaimed in stirring language the equality of man , and which had sanctioned the use of revolution to destroy all forms of tyranny .
The revolutionists of 1776 , though they were aware of the contradiction between their rhetoric of equality and the existence of slavery , compromised their principles when it came to " the peculiar institution . "
No doubt many hoped that the problem of slavery would resolve itself in time .
But in the aftermath of the revolution the slave - owning class gradually increased its power over the institutions of the state , even as the social weight and industrial might of the North grew .
Territorial expansion in the early Republic persistently raised the problem of the balance of power between slave and free states .
The Southern planter class jealously fought to maintain its politically privileged position by seeing to it that new slave territories would at least match in number and voting strength states where slavery was outlawed .
Elements among the increasingly deranged Southern elite even entertained visions of a slave empire stretching into the Caribbean .
The provocative US war on Mexico in 1846 , which aimed to benefit the " slave power " with vast new territory from Texas to the Pacific Ocean , set into motion a series of events that would ultimately lead to the Civil War .
It was in response to this war that Lincoln , then a Congressman from Illinois , gave one of his most noteworthy speeches , condemning it as a false " military glory — that attractive rainbow , that rises in showers of blood . "
Lincoln subjected to scrutiny all of President James K. Polk 's pretexts for war , exposing them as false and the war as unconstitutional .
In the wake of the Mexican - American War , Lincoln left Congress in disgust , returning to his law practice in Springfield , Illinois .
During the 1850s , the Southern elite consolidated its political domination over the levers of state power , controlling the presidency , the Congress , and the Supreme Court .
This power it translated into provocative acts that increasingly incensed Northern opinion .
The Kansas - Nebraska Act of 1854 was ushered through Congress by Illinois ' Democratic Senator Stephen Douglas .
The law essentially overturned the Missouri Compromise of 1820 , allowing for the expansion of slavery into Northern territory based on " popular sovereignty , " and creating a civil war in the Kansas territory between its anti-slavery majority and pro-slavery forces from neighboring Missouri .
Then in 1857 came the infamous Dred Scott case , in which the Supreme Court of Chief Justice Roger Taney ruled that people of African descent , slave or free , had no rights as citizens or as people , and that Congress had no authority to outlaw slavery anywhere in the US .
The Kansas - Nebraska
Act brought Lincoln back to political life and gave the impetus for the creation of the Republican Party .
Lincoln articulated his opposition to the extension of slavery to new territories in his Peoria Speech of 1854 .
From that point on , his political star rose in tandem with that of the Republican Party and the growing Northern opposition to slavery , which hardened after the Dred Scott decision .
Accepting the Republican nomination for Senate in 1858 , Lincoln campaigned against Douglas at a series of legendary debates in Illinois .
Thousands of Illinoisans traveled days to attend these hours - long duels .
The burning question was slavery .
Douglas favored a conciliatory policy toward the South , while Lincoln opposed the further extension of slavery and the Kansas - Nebraska Act .
The Lincoln - Douglas debates were followed closely throughout the nation , suggesting that history had not only laid hold of Lincoln , but masses of Northerners as well .
And though he narrowly lost the election , Lincoln emerged as a figure of national political importance .
What catapulted Lincoln toward national leadership of the Republican Party , however , was his Cooper Union speech delivered in New York City in late February 1860 .
The speech was a brilliant and carefully measured exposition of the futility of Douglas 's advocacy of popular sovereignty .
The speech demonstrated not only the force of Lincoln 's intellect , but his immense political skills .
These talents allowed him to best better - known candidates Senator William Seward of New York and Governor Salmon Chase of Ohio for the Republican presidential nomination in 1860 .
Lincoln won a presidential election split in four ways in 1860 , beating Democrat Stephen Douglas , whose dreams of compromise were shattered by the withdrawal of the Southern Democrats from his own party behind the nomination of John Breckinridge of Kentucky .
The remnants of the Whig Party nominated John Bell .
The polarization of the country was such that Lincoln won every Northern state except for New Jersey , but was barred from the ballot in all but two Southern states .
Lincoln 's victory was met with the secession of most of the Southern states within three months .
Then , in April 1861 , Southern forces attacked a federal military base at Fort Sumter , South Carolina .
In response , Lincoln immediately called for a popular mobilization to defeat what Lincoln would henceforth refer to as a rebellion .
He faced a daunting political task .
Lincoln 's unwillingness to compromise over the survival of the union was met by incomprehension and opposition among many in the North , who believed that it would be impossible , or unwise , to defeat the Southern insurrection .
Among these were leading members of the military brass , including its top general , George McClellan , whose refusal to prosecute the war with the necessary level of determination approached the level of treachery .
It is well known that Lincoln 's initial intention was not the destruction of slavery , which he personally opposed , but the preservation of the union .
He famously wrote to abolitionist Horace Greeley in 1862 , " If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it , and if I could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it ; and if I could save it by freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that . "
Abolitionists , such as Frederick Douglass and William Lloyd Garrison , found this position inadequate and doomed to failure .
Ultimately the abolitionists were proven correct .
Lincoln eventually came to recognize that the defeat of the Southern insurrection required that the union adopt revolutionary policies ; that the union could not be saved without destroying the Southern oligarchy and the slave system .
Once he arrived at this conclusion , the determination with which he pursed this revolutionary objective elevated him to be one of the great political leaders , not only of the US , but of modern history .
Lincoln proved himself to be a politician of extraordinary agility .
He demonstrated an ability to size up a situation and its likely course of development , allowing crucial questions to mature before making a decision .
At moments , his patience in allowing events to develop appeared to approach the level of temporizing .
Karl Marx , who reported on the American Civil War for a German newspaper , noted this quality as early as 1862 , after Lincoln dismissed McClellan , writing " President Lincoln never ventures a step forward before the tide of circumstances and the general call of public opinion forbid further delay .
But once ‘ Old Abe ' realizes that such a turning point has been reached , he surprises friend and foe alike by a sudden operation executed as noiselessly as possible . "
It was because of his determined prosecution of the Civil War that the figure of Lincoln became identified with the great historical cause of emancipation .
On January 1 , 1863 , Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation , which proclaimed that " all persons held as slaves " within the Confederacy " are , and henceforward shall be free . "
The Emancipation Proclamation was necessitated by the military exigencies of the war .
But it frankly acknowledged , for the first time , the war 's revolutionary character .
By legally freeing the slaves — the largest state seizure of private property in world history prior to the Russian Revolution — Lincoln aimed a death blow at the entire social order in the South .
The class conscious workers of Europe viewed Lincoln as the leader of a great progressive cause — the destruction of slavery — to which they fully identified and gave their political solidarity .
This was true especially of the English working class , even though the Civil War starved their textile mills of cotton .
Though the English capitalists had accrued enormous profits from the American South , the British workers ' hatred of slavery made intervention in the war on the side of the South — a distinct consideration until 1864 — politically impossible .
Upon his reelection , Marx addressed congratulations to Lincoln on behalf of the First International .
It fell to Lincoln , Marx wrote , " the single - minded son of the working class , to lead his country through the matchless struggle for the rescue of an enchained race and the reconstitution of a social world . "
Marx 's letter was graciously received , and replied to , by Lincoln 's ambassador to Britain , Charles Francis Adams , the grandson of John Adams .
The strength of integrity that underlay his actions accounts for the extraordinary and simple eloquence with which he articulated the ideals of the union to an international audience .
Standing alongside Thomas Jefferson 's prose in the Declaration of Independence , Lincoln 's speeches have lost none of their vitality ; his memorable formulations remain among the most eloquent of the English language .
Lincoln emerged just as American literature was establishing an artistic presence of world note ; Nathaniel Hawthorne and Herman Melville were his contemporaries .
Lincoln 's primary literary influences were the King James Bible and Shakespeare , though his interest in the former was entirely literary .
He never joined a church , and once declared , " The Bible is not my Book and Christianity is not my religion .
I could never give assent to the long complicated statements of Christian dogma . "
His associates remember that Lincoln could recount by heart long passages from Shakespeare 's histories and tragedies .
Biblical metaphor and the Poet 's grasp of historical drama suffused Lincoln 's prose .
In the Gettysburg address of 1863 , Lincoln identified the struggle as a war to ensure " that government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth . "
In 1858 , in a debate with Douglas , Lincoln said " as I would not be a slave , so I would not be a master .
This expresses my idea of democracy . "
In accepting the Republican nomination for US Senator from Illinois in 1858 , Lincoln prophetically warned , " A house divided against itself cannot stand . "
In his second inaugural address , Lincoln noted with sardonic incredulity the religious overtones of the Civil War .
" Both [ sides ] read the same Bible and pray to the same God , and each invokes His aid against the other .
It may seem strange that any men should dare to ask a just God 's assistance in wringing their bread from the sweat of other men's faces , but let us judge not , that we be not judged . "
Lincoln was genuinely humane .
To the consternation of his generals , he suspended the death sentences of hundreds of soldiers accused of fleeing battles .
In the largest single act of executive clemency in US history , he personally reviewed and commuted the death sentences of 269 Sioux men , Native Americans , who were sentenced to hang for an 1862 uprising in Minnesota .
He was also known as a master storyteller and man of unusual wit and humor .
But cohabitating with these characteristics was a profound melancholy , always evident in photographs of the man 's visage .
During the Civil War , Lincoln would wait in Washington at a telegraph office for word on the results of battles and casualties .
The war that lasted four years and claimed the lives of over 600,000 weighed heavily on Lincoln , as did the personal tragedies that beset his family and the turbulence of his wife , Mary Todd .
Death took two young children from the couple ; Lincoln was especially attached to the second , Willie , who died in 1862 at the age of 11 , likely of typhoid .
In poetic tragedy , Lincoln himself was fatally shot on April 14th , 1865 , one week after the surrender of the Confederacy at Appomattox Court House in Virginia .
Lincoln was attending a comedy at Ford 's Theater in Washington when John Wilkes Booth , a well - known actor , entered his box and shot him in the back of the head .
In the wake of Lincoln 's assassination , Marx again took up his pen on behalf of Europe 's socialist workers , this time addressing himself to Andrew Johnson , Lincoln 's far lesser vice president .
Lincoln was a man , Marx wrote , " neither to be browbeaten by adversity , nor intoxicated by success , inflexibly pressing on to his great goal , never compromising it by blind haste , slowly maturing his steps , never retracing them , carried away by no surge of popular favor , disheartened by no slackening of the popular pulse , tempering stern acts by the gleams of a kind heart , illuminating scenes dark with passion by the smile of humor , doing his titanic work as humbly and homely as Heaven - born rulers do little things with the grandiloquence of pomp and state ; in one word , one of the rare men who succeed in becoming great , without ceasing to be good .
Such , indeed , was the modesty of this great and good man , that the world only discovered him a hero after he had fallen a martyr . "
Perhaps it was the combination of his conviction and humanity in prosecuting the great cause of the Civil War that maintains Lincoln 's hold on our sentiments .
It is hard to think of another figure in modern history whose memory arouses such genuine feeling of profound affection 144 years after his death .
Lincoln 's assassination in 1865 is still deeply felt as a great historical tragedy .
However , within a generation of his death , official celebrations of Lincoln provided the US ruling class a means of sanitizing the revolutionary significance of his life and papering over new contradictions that the North 's victory in the Civil War had brought to the fore .
By 1877 , the conflict of social classes had erupted in the US , punctuated by massive and bloody strikes throughout the remainder of the 19th century .
This new conflict would be the central driving force of US history from that point on .
Not coincidentally , in that same year , 1877 , the policy of Reconstruction in the South was abandoned .
Northern capitalists , operating through the Republican Party , concluded a pact with the defeated Southern elite , allowing for the latter 's political rehabilitation in exchange for the unfettered dominance of industrial capitalism and its policies throughout the land .
Lincoln 's assassination leaves forever unanswered how he would have responded to the political crisis that emerged during Reconstruction .
Yet the development of the union along capitalist lines was a historically determined process , with all that that entailed .
It is difficult to imagine that Lincoln would have been able to prevent the ultimate betrayal of Reconstruction .
Over the course of the ensuing decades , the great mass of the African - American population was deprived of its civil rights and subjected to the humiliations of an apartheid regime enforced by lynching and every manner of cruelty .
The systematic denial of civil rights to African Americans would continue into the 1960s — 100 years after the Civil War .
But this history in no way detracts from Lincoln 's position as the leader of a genuinely progressive and democratic revolution .
Like every great historical figure , Lincoln bears the imprint and limitations of his time .
But every progressive historical cause , in a certain sense , rises above its own time and speaks to the generations that follow .
Lincoln 's actions , and the language he used to justify and explain them , continue to inspire .
Tom Eley
Charles Darwin
Charles Darwin
Charles Darwin's publication of On the Origin of Species heralded a revolution in our understanding of the natural world .
Assimilating the scientific accomplishments of the Enlightenment , Darwin discovered the dialectical laws of nature governing the emergence of complex forms in natural history .
Two hundred years after his birth , Darwin 's Evolution by Natural Selection remains the unifying theory of an ever - expanding array of biological sciences .
The discovery of Evolution by Natural Selection must be understood within the context of the growth of Enlightenment naturalism , of which Darwin 's theory is an epic culmination .
Advances in optics had allowed Copernicus , Bruno and Galileo to replace theological cosmology with the scientific conception of a universe governed by laws derived through observation , rather than scripture .
Similarly , the law of Natural Selection as outlined in Darwin's
On the Origin of Species synthesized a vast body of knowledge accumulated through anatomical sciences , experimentation in breeding , taxonomy , geology and scientific expeditions global in scale .
Great collections of organisms discovered through voyages in the 18th and 19th centuries were categorized according to their anatomical distinctions by naturalists such as Carl Linnaeus , Geoffrey St. Hilaire , Georges Cuvier and Robert Owen .
Organisms were hierarchically sorted according to their anatomical affinities , which recognizably corresponded to their respective conditions of existence .
Some naturalists , including the Comte de Buffon , Lamarck , Robert Chambers and Darwin 's grandfather , Erasmus , had postulated long before Darwin that organisms changed over time .
Geologist Charles Lyell , commenting on the bones of extinct organisms buried in the mantle of the earth , recognized that life had altered substantially during the earth 's long history , but having no mechanism by which to explain these alterations he suggested their creation by God .
Following his voyage aboard the HMS Beagle in 1836 , Darwin came to recognize that living and extinct species " had not been independently created , but had descended , like varieties , from other species . "
Darwin observed that variation characterized all organisms , and that these variations could be passed on through generations by the principle of heredity .
He also saw that in the struggle for existence , certain varieties were apt to survive , while others were not .
He famously concluded his 1859 Origin of Species :
" Thus , from the war of nature , from famine and death , the most exalted object which we are capable of conceiving , namely , the production of the higher animals , directly follows .
There is a grandeur in this view of life , with its several powers , having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one ; and that , whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity , from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been , and are being , evolved . "
Darwin's discovery immediately produced an uproar , and to this day is at the center of countless intellectual and political controversies .
The name of Darwin remains anathema to the religious right and all those who encourage and cultivate , for one or another reactionary purpose , ignorance and superstition .
The theory of Evolution by Natural Selection does not merely overturn the Biblical story of creation , a " manifestly false history of the world " according to Darwin , but places the emergence of mankind and thought firmly within the domain of natural history .
" Everything in nature is the result of fixed laws , " wrote Darwin , including humanity and the " organs of the mind . "
He postulated that through an understanding of evolution , " psychology will be based on a new foundation , that of the necessary acquirement of each mental power and capacity by gradation . "
Darwin's achievement closely parallels that of Marx and Engels , who were among the first to understand the significance of his work .
The writing of Capital and discovery of the historical laws underlying social development equally reflect the culmination of Enlightenment achievement .
Darwin looked with confidence to the future , to young and rising naturalists , and wrote that through an understanding of evolution , " we can dimly foresee that there will be a revolution in natural history . "
He could not have been more correct .
Darwin's theory has since flourished , and become enriched through Mendelian genetics , the Modern Synthesis , the discovery of DNA and a vast array of modern biological disciplines .
His theory is more alive today than ever :
No field of biology can be understood without evolution , certainly the unifying theory of life .
Evolution is at the heart of biochemistry , genetics and microbiology , developmental biology , epidemiology and modern medicine .
Evolution has continued along traditional paths such as paleontology , but also expanded into exciting new realms including neurobiology and biopsychology .
Two hundred years after his birth , the scientific and intellectual revolution inspired by Charles Darwin 's work continues to unfold and gather strength .
Daniel Douglass
Special Event Florida Recount : Democratic Attorney Kendall Coffey Makes Statement on Miami-Dade Recount Aired November 22 , 2000 - 11:20 a.m. ET THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT .
THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED .
LEON HARRIS , CNN ANCHOR :
But we want to move on because we have someone standing by in Miami .
Kendall Coffey is making a statement there in Miami , outside of the emergency center , we understand .
KENDALL COFFEY , DEMOCRATIC PARTY ATTORNEY :
There will be a new rumor and accusation by the hour .
But let 's believe in this system , let 's believe in ourselves , let 's get on with the recount , and let 's vindicate the will of the people so that we can know who has been truly and rightfully elected president of the United States .
QUESTION : Mr. Coffey , can tell us what happened to Mr. Geller ?
COFFEY : Well , we believe that Mr. Geller , who by the way is not being detained by anyone at this hour , he is home .
He was briefly being , I think , escorted by security personnel because of concerns about demonstrators .
All of us saw that demonstrators are now packing the aisles .
And apparently what happened -- and it is going to be confirmed very quickly -- is that he obtained a sample or demonstrator ballot .
And any of you can obtain sample or demonstrator ballots so that you can find out how the system works .
He was in the process of obtaining one .
Some Republican workers saw it and began to make outrageous accusations about some kind of electoral impropriety or fraud .
There are going to be those kind of allegations by the hour .
And let 's have calm , let 's have patience .
Let 's believe in ourselves , and let 's believe that the system will sort these things out .
Unfortunately , the Republicans were able to spend an hour or so putting out a baseless allegation .
I think it has now been resolved .
Let 's get on with the recount .
Let 's find out the true will of the people of Florida .
QUESTION : They 're only going to count the undervotes ?
How do you feel about that ?
COFFEY : Well , I think if that is what can be done , in the discretion of the canvassing board , then I think all of us should know that the undervotes are the key votes , in the sense that that 's what the machines have been kicking out .
What we have talked about for the last two weeks is why Florida developed a system , like many in the country , so that when machines discard ballots , those voters are not going to be disenfranchised .
There 's going to be an opportunity for human beings to participate in the process and make sure that any ballots in which the voter 's intent is reasonably discernible is counted .
The core group is ... ( CROSSTALK ) COFFEY :
Those are the ballots that are automatically kicked out .
And we know statistically that in optical - reading counties that there is going to be a very small number of people that do n't register a vote for president of the United States .
In punch card counties , such as Dade and Broward and Palm Beach , you 're going to have a much larger percentage of ballots where no one in the machine system is going to see the votes .
That 's why we have people who ultimately -- a nation of people , and I think it 's great for the system , that people with integrity and dedication are counting those ballots , so that we 're going to know the true expression of the will of the people of Florida .
Thank you very much .
HARRIS : And so says Kendall Coffey , Democratic Party attorney who is there at the site of the counting that has been going on this morning in Miami .
A raucous scene there just a few minutes ago , within the last hour or so .
We were talking with out Frank Buckley who is there now , and he described incredible scene there .
Frank , can you tell us exactly what 's been happening , and what did Mr. Kendall Coffey just now say ?
FRANK BUCKLEY , CNN CORRESPONDENT :
All right , Leon .
One thing we should out , he mentioned Mr. Geller .
He 's speaking about Joe Geller , the chairman of the Miami - Dade Democratic Party .
Joe Geller was briefly detained , or at least held -- I guess " detained " is the correct word .
He was surrounded by police here at county building , crime tape was put up .
Republican observers accused him of taking a ballot .
That 's what Kendall Coffey was talking about .
He said that that was actually a sample ballot and not an official ballot .
But that 's what was happening for a while .
He was surrounded by Republicans , surrounded by police .
Republicans here have been very angry about the change in the position of the canvassing board here .
The canvassing board deciding to , instead of counting all of the 654,000 ballots by hand , will now only concentrate on the 10,750 so - called undervotes .
Those are votes when it appears as though someone did not vote for a president .
They will go through the ballots one by one to determine voter intent on all of those separate ballot .
Republicans have been outraged by .
This they feel it's a changing of the tactic .
Some called hijacking the presidency .
Others have suggested that this is just simply improper and an attempt to buy the Democrats -- to pull a fast one .
At one point today , the Republicans tried to get into an area on the ninth floor where the canvassing board decided to move its operation .
They were initially working on the 18th floor with the 25 teams of observers and also county employees who were going one by one for the ballots .
After this morning 's decision , they decided to move it upstairs to the 19th floor to an office area that was not easily accessed by either the observers or the media .
People were kept out of the area .
But after a raucous protest by the Republicans .
The canvassing board decided -- reversed itself on that position , and decided to move back downstairs to the 18th floor , which is where it is presumably resuming its operation .
we have not been able to go up there to see yet , but we believe it will be resuming operation if it has not done so already -- Leon .
HARRIS : Well , Frank , in the end , in the room that they happen to be in right now on the 18th floor , number one , is that room a room that can be -- where the actions of the board that is counting these ballots , their actions can be seen or can be monitored by both observers of either party and the press as well , or is this , again , an area where the press and the parties are not going to be allowed in ?
BUCKLEY : No , this is exactly the same room where it has been happening since Monday , where the -- both the observers ...
HARRIS : I 'm sorry , it looks apparently we have lost Frank Buckley on his -- to the cell phone he was using there .
But again , to wrap up , he was reporting from the scene of where there seems to be quite a bit of physical confrontation going on now in the counting center down in Miami - Dade , where they are trying to get a handle on what 's going to happen next with the ballots that have been contested so much of late .
Of course we 'll try to get back and get a hold of Frank again to see exactly what 's going on and get you the latest from there and from all other points around Florida .
TO ORDER A VIDEO OF THIS TRANSCRIPT , PLEASE CALL 800-CNN - NEWS OR USE OUR SECURE ONLINE ORDER FORM LOCATED AT www.fdch.com Search CNN.com CNNSI.com CNNmoney.com
The Web
WASHINGTON , Feb 3 ( Reuters ) - New U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said on Tuesday the Justice Department would prosecute Wall Street fraud and misconduct but was not planning any “ witch hunts . ”
“ We ’re not going to go out on any witch hunts .
But yet , we ’ll drill down and see ... to the extent that what this nation is facing is a result of fraud or misconduct , we ’ll find it and hold people accountable , ” Holder told reporters after being sworn in as President Barack Obama ’s top law officer .
( Reporting by James Vicini , Editing by Eric Walsh )
Being a truck show , the staggering number of post - apocalyptic survival vehicles at the Chicago Auto Show make Chicago the place to be for the end of the world .
Who knew ?
Here 's the 12 best .
We 've done a list of the ten best post - apocalyptic survival vehicles in the past , but after seeing the vehicles at the Chicago Auto Show , we just had to put together this shopping list for vehicles for the end of days .
Advertisement
Especially because of the variety of vehicles available in Chi-town , it 's perfect for days like these where it feels the Apocalypse could come in so many shapes and sizes .
Will it be a comet collision ?
Overpowering waves of radiation following a devastating solar flare ?
Zombies ?
Financiapocalypse ?
The Chicago Auto
Show has such a wide variety of vehicles available to choose from , it 's your one - stop shop for survivability .
As such we 've put together an incredibly varied list of the top twelve cars perfect for whatever annihilation comes your way .
Advertisement
Click each image to see which Apocalypse each vehicle is perfect for !
Michelle Obama Vogue Cover
Michelle Obama Vogue cover
covers the March issue of Vogue magazine , becoming only the second first lady to cover the mag .
beat her to the punch in December , 1998 .
The first lady graces the cover wearing a magenta sheath - looking pretty buff I might add .
The dress was designed by Jason Wu , who also designed her much talked about inaugural gown .
The photos , which include an eight page spread , were shot by Annie Leibowitz , the photographer blasted for the Miley Cyrus Vanity Fair photos .
Shorter Ross Douthat : Comparing belief in God to belief in the Celestial Teapot is absurd , because it 's like comparing a belief only some people know is absurd to a belief everyone knows is absurd .
UPDATE : Thanks to Brian Leiter for the linkage .
I 'm just in the door and about to be out the door again , so I 'll have to be brief and promise to cure any undue glibness later .
[ UPDATE II : Forgot to make clear that these remarks were intended to be in response to comments below .
( And Y , I 'm telling you , it was a lion ! ) ]
First , mostly what Jon said .
( In this respect too , cf. the second link above . )
Second , the main ( though certainly not only ) problem with the line of reasoning Ross is using ( and I like Ross , despite never agreeing with him , ever ) is that it treats a majority belief as Bayesian evidence when it's the competence of that very belief that is in issue .
That a majority of people are drawn to a belief can't be a bearer of any verification for that belief when there is independent reason to doubt the reliability of that belief , such as , say , a conspicuous history of error in regards to closely related beliefs ( again , see Jon 's comment below and the second link above ) .
This business , then , of adverting to the manifest sanity of most religious believers is merely a cheap way to leverage the argument that whatever the majority believes ought to be taken seriously .
( So if you say , " My belief ought to be taken seriously because it is believed by the majority , " that 's twice I can't take your beliefs seriously . )
The main distinguishing feature of the Celestial Teapot or Flying Spaghetti Monster analogues , and what leads those sympathetic to religion to resist them as analogues , is that belief in them clearly could not be desire - driven .
Whereas religious beliefs are .
( Which is another reason we can't plausibly construe the religious belief of the majority as an independent grounds for taking religious belief seriously . )
Which brings us to one moral of the CTP and FSM analogies :
If ninety percent of the population of the planet did come to believe in the CTP & FSM on current evidence , none of the remaining skeptics would take that apparently unmotivated belief change as a reason to lend greater credence to those ridiculous postulates .
And this case is immaterially distinct from the case in which such belief was there all along .
Gotta go ...
UPDATE III : Thanks too to Will Wilkinson , PZ Myers and Charlie Huenemann for the linkerosity .
FINAL UPDATE : Try this .
It had been rumored for a while , but now ABC has officially announced that Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak will be putting down his Segway in order be a contestant on this season of “ Dancing With The Stars ” , which premieres on March 9th .
I wonder if Woz will be wearing a crazy pair of high - tech gadget shoes that will do all of the dance moves for him , or if he plans to hypnotize the judges with one of his gigantic watches .
Woz will be competing against 12 other celebrities , including Steve - O from Jackass , Hall of Fame Linebacker Lawrence Taylor , funny man David Alan Grier , and famed singer Belinda Carlisle of The Go - Go’s .
Overall ,
Woz seems like a great choice for a few reasons .
Not only is he a quirky and funny guy who will do well on camera and in interviews , but his status as a tech icon will undoubtedly help attract viewers from a demographic that probably does n’t watch much of the show to begin with .
Woz ’s bio on ABC ’s website describes him as :
A Silicon Valley icon and philanthropist for the past three decades , Steve Wozniak , a.k.a.
“ The Woz , ” helped shape the computer industry with his design of Apple ’s first line of products , the Apple I and II , and influenced the popular Macintosh .
After leaving Apple Computer Inc. in 1985 , Wozniak was involved in various business and philanthropic ventures , focusing primarily on computer capabilities in schools and stressing hands - on learning and encouraging creativity for students .
In 2000 , he was inducted into the Inventors Hall of Fame …
For your enjoyment , here are some more pics of what Woz might look like on the show :
Pictured here :
Woz knows he ’s the man !
Rome 's Tremendous Tunnel The Ancient World 's Longest Underground Aqueduct
Roman engineers chipped an aqueduct through more than 100 kilometers of stone to connect water to cities in the ancient province of Syria .
The monumental effort took more than a century , says the German researcher who discovered it .
The Explorer
The Adventures of a Pythonista in Schemeland/18
by Michele Simionato
March 9 , 2009
Summary
This episode is about streams , a typical data structure of functional languages .
The differences between functional streams and imperative iterators are discussed .
En passant , I give a solution of the classic eight queens problem .
Advertisement
Streams
This episode is about streams , a typical data structure of functional languages .
The differences between functional streams and imperative iterators are discussed .
En passant , I give a solution of the classic eight queens problem .
The eight queens puzzle Before starting the analysis of streams , I want to close the discussion about list comprehension .
Last week I had no time to discuss one of the conveniences of the list - of macro , i.e. the ability to define internal variables with a ( name is value ) syntax .
To give an example of that , I have decided to show you a solution of the infamous eight - queens puzzle that you will find in all the theoretical textbooks about programming .
In my opinion the eight queens puzzle is not so interesting , however , if you want to study Scheme , you will find this kind of academical examples everywhere , so I made my concession to the tradition .
In particular , the official document about streams in R6RS Scheme , i.e. SRFI - 41 , contains a solution of the eight queens puzzle by using the same algorithm I am presenting here , but with streams instead of lists .
You may want to compare the list solution to the stream solution .
The algorithm is based on a clever trick which is quite common in the mathematical sciences : to introduce an additional degrees of freedom which apparently makes the problem harder , but actually gives us a fast lane towards the solution .
Here the clever idea is to change the question and to considered not a single square chessboard , but a family of rectangular chessboards with n rows and N columns ( with n< =N and N=8 ) .
Of course we are interested in the n=8 solution ; however , keeping n generic helps , since an easy solution can be found for small n ( in particular for n=1 ) and we can figure out a recursive algorithm to build the n+1 solution starting from the n=1 solution , until we reach n=8 .
Let us express a solution as a list of column positions for the queens , indexed by row .
We will enumerate rows and columns starting from zero , as usual .
The case n=1 ( putting a queen on a 1x8 chessboard ) has 8 solutions , expressible as the list of lists ' ( ( 0 ) ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) ( 6 ) ( 7 ) ) - the first ( and only ) queen will be at row 0 and columns 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 or 7 .
If there are two queens ( n=2 ) one has more solutions ; for instance the first queen ( i.e. the one at row 0 ) could be at column 0 and the second queen ( i.e. the one at row 1 ) at column 2 , and a solution is ( 0 2 ) .
The solutions for the n-queens problem are found by looking at the possible new configurations , starting from the solutions of the n -1 - queens problem and by discarding the forbidden ones .
A configuration is forbidden if two queens are on the same column ( by construction they cannot be in the same row , since they are indexed by row ) or on the same diagonal .
The condition being on the same diagonal translates into the difference between the row coordinates is the same as the difference between the column coordinates , in absolute value .
Here is the condition expressed in Scheme and making use of list - of and of the is syntax , where new - row and new - col is the tentative position of the n-th queen and safe - config is a solution of the n - 1 - queen problem : ( define ( all - true lst ) ;; a Python - like all , true if all elements are true ( for -all ( lambda ( x ) x ) lst ) ) ( define ( safe - queen ? new - row new - col safe - config ) ;; same - col ?
and same - diag ?
are boolean inner variables ( all - true ( list - of ( not ( or same - col ? same - diag ? ) ) ( ( row col ) in ( enumerate safe - config ) ) ( same - col ? is ( = col new - col ) ) ( same - diag ? is ( = ( abs ( - col new - col ) ) ( abs ( - row new - row ) ) ) ) ) ) ) safe - queen ?
checks that the new configuration is safe by looking at all the queens already placed .
We can find all the solutions with a recursive function : ( define ( queens n N ) ( if ( zero ? n ) '( ( ) ) ( list - of ( append safe - config ( list col ) ) ( n - 1 is (- n 1 ) ) ; inner variable ( safe - config in ( queens n - 1 N ) ) ( col in ( range N ) ) ( safe - queen ? n - 1 col safe - config ) ) ) )
In particular we can check that the n=8 problem has 92 solutions : > ( length ( queens 8 8 ) ) 92 I refer you to Wikipedia for nice drawings of the solutions .
Iterators and streams Python programmers are well acquainted with generators and iterators , and they know everything about lazyness .
In particular they know that the Python iterator >>> it123 = iter ( range ( 1 , 4 ) ) is left unevaluated until its elements are requested .
However , the Python way is only superficially similar to the truly functional way , found in Haskell or in Scheme .
Actually , when Python copies from functional languages , it does so in an imperative way .
Here the iterator it123 is an object with an internal state ; there is a next method which allows to change the state .
In particular , if you call .next ( ) twice , the same iterator returns different values : >>> it123.next ( ) 1 >>> it123.next ( ) 2
Thus , Python iterators are not functional .
Functional languages such as Scheme , ML and Haskell have no imperative iterators : they have streams instead .
Ikarus comes with a built - in stream library , so that I can give a concrete example right now ( of course you can use streams in other implementations simply by using the reference implementation described in SRFI - 41 ) .
Here is how to define a stream on the numbers 1,2,3 : > ( import ( streams ) ) > ( define str123 ( stream - range 1 4 ) )
There is no equivalent of the next method for streams , since there is no concept of internal state of a stream .
However , there is a stream - car procedure which takes the first element of a stream , and a stream - cdr procedure returning another stream which lacks the first element .
Both procedures are functional , i.e. they act without mutating the original stream object in any way .
In particular , if you apply stream - car twice , you get always the same result : > ( stream - car str123 ) 1 > ( stream - car str123 ) 1
In Python , looping on an iterator exhausts it , and running twice the same loop can have unexpected results : >>> chars = iter ( ' abc ' ) >>> for c in chars : print c , ... a b c >>> for c in chars : print c , ...
The first time the loop prints " a b c " , but the second time it does not print anything .
In a functional language the same code must have the same effect , it cannot depend from the inner state of the stream .
Actually , this is what happens : > ( define chars ( stream # \a #\b # \c ) ) > ( stream - for - each display chars ) abc > ( stream - for - each display chars ) abc > stream - for - each is an utility from SRFI - 41 , with obvious meaning .
Actually SRFI - 41 offers a series of convenient features .
The most useful one is stream comprehension , which is very similar to list comprehension .
Since I copied the list comprehensions syntax from the work of Phil Bewig , which is the author of the stream library , it is not surprising that the syntax looks the same .
The difference between list comprehensions and stream comprehension is that stream comprehension is lazy and can be infinite .
This is similar to Python generator expressions ( genexps ) .
For instance , in Python we can express the infinite set of the even number as a genexp >>> import itertools >>> even = ( i for i in itertools.count(0 ) if i % 2 == 0 ) whereas in Scheme we can express it as a stream : > ( define even ( stream - of i ( i in ( stream - from 0 ) ) ( zero ? ( modulo i 2 ) ) ) )
However the Scheme stream is immutable , whereas the Python genexp is not .
It is possible to loop over a stream with stream - for - each , stream - map and stream - fold ; such higher order functions work as they counterparts for lists , but they return streams .
There is also a stream - let syntax , which is stream version of named let , useful when applying the accumulator pattern to streams , and a function stream -> list with does the obvious .
I am not explaining all the fine details , since the documentations of the SRFI is pretty good and exhaustive .
As I anticipated , there is also a solution of the eight queen problem using streams that you may look at .
The difference between the stream solution and the list comprehension solution is that the first one is lazy , i.e. you get one solution at the time , on demand , whereas the second one is eager : it computes all the solutions in a single bunch , and returns them together .
Lazyness is a virtue
The basic feature of streams , apart from immutability , is true lazyness .
Streams are truly lazy since they perform work only when forced - i.e. only when an element is explicitly requested - and even there if they had already accomplished a task they do not perform it again - i.e. they memoize the elements already computed ( and this is not the case for Python iterators ) .
An example should make these two points clear .
Let us define a work procedure which protests when called : > ( define ( work i ) ( display " Life is hard !
" ) i )
The protest is expressed an a side effect ; other than that , the function , does not perform too much , since it just returns the parameter got in input , but , you know , there is no limit to lazyness !
Now let me define a stream which invokes the function work three times : > ( define work - work - work ( stream - of ( work i ) ( i in ( stream - range 1 4 ) ) ) )
Since the stream is lazy , it does not perform any work at definition time .
It starts working only when elements are expressly required : > ( stream -> list work - work - work ) Life is hard !
Life is hard !
Life is hard !
( 1 2 3 ) Now the values 1 , 2 , 3 have been memoized : if we try to loop again on the stream , it will return the precomputed values : > ( stream -> list work - work - work ) ( 1 2 3 ) This shows clearly that the function work is not called twice .
It is also clear that , had work some useful side effect ( such as writing a log message ) then using a stream would not be a good idea , since you could loose some message .
Streams are a functional data structure and it is good practice to use only pure functions with them , i.e. functions without side effects .
Moreover , I should also notice that the memoization property implies that a stream can take an unbound amount of memory , whereas an imperative iterator has no such issue .
I could say more .
In particular , there are lots of caveats about streams , which are explained in detail in the SRFI - 41 documentation ( so many caveats that I personally do not feel confident with streams ) .
I am also sure that Pythonistas would be even more interested in true generator - expressions and generators , which can be definite in Scheme by using continuations .
However , investigating that direction will astray us away from our path .
The intention of this third cycle of Adventures was just to give a feeling of what does it mean to be a true functional language , versus being an imperative language with a few functional - looking constructs .
With this episode this cycle of our Adventures ends , but a new one will begin shortly .
Stay tuned !
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Be the first to post a comment about this weblog entry .
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Michele Simionato adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Michele Simionato started his career as a Theoretical Physicist , working in Italy , France and the U.S.
He turned to programming in 2003 ; since then he has been working professionally as a Python developer and now he lives in Milan , Italy .
Michele is well known in the Python community for his posts in the newsgroup (s ) , his articles and his Open Source libraries and recipes .
His interests include object oriented programming , functional programming , and in general programming metodologies that enable us to manage the complexity of modern software developement .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2009 Michele Simionato .
All rights reserved .
I do n't think there 's anything in this world that could be cuter than these little pups .
I love how they all look so innocent and curious .
With so many to choose from , it would be really difficult to just choose one .
Do n't they just make your heart melt a little ?
Deniseop ( top ) monitorpop ( above )
krawuzi
buddenbohn
macropoulos
believer9
Dragan *
Linkie Lueville
fabiogis50
Christopher Nichols
saciii
mubblegum
mosippy
Scott Kinmartin
Sebastin- Dario
MikQuattro
paul+photos=moody
cure
More Awesome Animal Pics :
Who Said Dogs Can't Fly ? ( 10 Pics )
The Cutest Siberian Tiger Cub In the Whole World ( 7 photos )
Amazing Wildlife Photography – Suha Derbent ( 18 photos )
Back to the MET Homepage
The Supreme Court opinion that drew the most praise last week from a proudly “ progressive ” constitutional law group was written by perhaps the court ’s staunchest conservative , Justice Clarence Thomas .
Thomas would have gone further than the court ’s liberals in a decision that allowed injured patients to sue drug makers .
In a 24 - page concurrence , he said the court should have declared that judges have no authority to void state consumer - protection laws based on “ agency musings ” from Washington .
In this instance , Thomas was referring to the musings of the George W. Bush administration and its drive to limit lawsuits against manufacturers .
“ We think Justice Thomas got it exactly right , ” said Doug Kendall of the Constitutional Accountability Center .
“ A key part of our constitutional system is respect for the states in protecting the health and welfare of their citizens . ”
Advertisement
Thomas has never been shy about breaking with conventional wisdom -- even when it is the conservative consensus .
Over the years , he has spelled out a distinctive approach in several areas of the law .
And his views do not always yield predictably conservative results .
Four years ago , for example , the court , with Justices Antonin Scalia and Anthony M. Kennedy in the majority , upheld the power of federal agents to raid the homes of Californians who grow marijuana for their personal use -- legal under state law but not federal law .
Thomas disagreed .
In earlier opinions , he disputed the broad reach of federal regulatory power , a view welcomed by some business groups .
In the marijuana case , Thomas repeated the same view , but this time on the side of Angel Raich , an Oakland woman who challenged the federal raids .
“ If Congress can regulate this under the Commerce Clause , then it can regulate virtually anything , ” Thomas wrote in dissent . " . . .
Our federalist system , properly understood , allows California and a growing number of other states to decide for themselves how to safeguard the health and welfare of their citizens . ”
Advertisement
Thomas is often alone on the current court as a steady advocate of limited federal power and respect for states ’ authority .
Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. are more inclined to side with federal authorities .
Usually Thomas is squarely in the conservative camp with Roberts and Alito when a state ’s criminal laws are being challenged .
He and Scalia rarely vote to limit a state ’s use of the death penalty .
But in some business cases , Thomas has split from his conservative colleagues .
The case decided last week , Wyeth vs. Levine , involved the recurring conflict between federal regulations and state liability law .
Business groups -- and the Bush administration -- maintained that federal regulation of products should “ preempt ” or trump state laws .
Advertisement
Diana Levine won a $ 6.7 - million Vermont jury verdict after part of her arm was amputated .
She said drug maker Wyeth failed to fully warn the public about the danger of injecting the anti-nausea drug Phenergan .
If it mixes with arterial blood , it can cause gangrene and lead to amputation .
The warning label said “ extreme care ” should be taken when injecting the drug .
It did not warn against giving it by injection .
Wyeth appealed the verdict , arguing that jurors should not be permitted to “ second - guess ” the federal regulators who approved the drug and its warning label .
Roberts , Scalia and Alito agreed with Wyeth .
Even if the Food and Drug Administration ’s decision was wrong , it should prevail , they said .
Advertisement
“ After today ’s ruling , however , parochialism may prevail , ” Alito wrote for the dissenters .
The court ’s majority , led by Justice John Paul Stevens , said Congress did not intend to take away the right of injured patients to sue drug makers .
Levine ’s jury verdict was affirmed .
Thomas went further and said the court should lay down a marker .
“ I have become ‘ increasing [ly ] reluctan[t ] to expand federal statutes beyond their terms through doctrines of implied preemption , ’ ” he wrote , quoting himself in an earlier Supreme Court case .
Advertisement
Unless Congress spells it out in the text of the law , Thomas said , the consumer ’s right to sue under state law should be protected .
--
david.savage@latimes.com
Legendary Money Maker
Group : Lifetime Supporters
Posts : 17,011
Dream Points : 57,562
Experience Points : 17,610
Joined : 15 - April 07
Member No. : 15,677
Joined : 15 - April 07 Member No. : 15,677
By Trey Pennewell
You know it is funny in a way .
Webmasters have learned that the most important thing that they can do to improve the traffic to their website and to attract attention from the search engines is to build links to their website .
But when it comes time to actually start building links to one 's website , people typically pick the hardest way to accomplish the task and then they get to work .
Working Hard
People have been told about various ways to build links to one 's website , and they go through the process of picking out the method that they would prefer to use .
It is kind of ironic that most people pick the method that they believe will be the easiest and least expensive to achieve , and when all is said and done , they will have picked out the hardest , least effective method of building links .
For example , most newcomers to online business choose :
* Reciprocal links ;
* Directory submissions .
With Reciprocal Links , people buy a software package that helps them to search out websites that are supposedly " related " to theirs and then they send an email to the person who owns that website , proclaiming the benefits of trading links and asking for the link .
With directory submissions , webmasters can get software that is supposed to help with the process , but it takes hours just to subm�t one 's website to a few dozen directories .
Fortunately , there are service providers who also provide submissions to web directories .
Regardless of how you get links subm�tted to web directories , you generally have to pray that those web directories are approving submissions , since most owners have abandoned their directories .
Beyond the time required setting up links in this fashion , and the frustration of getting very few links for the amount of time spent , the worst part of the equation is that the search engines tend to ignore links gained through these methods , and few humans find and follow those links .
Internet newcomers using these methods frequently spend a lot of time trying to promote their websites , and in the end , they have accomplished nothing more than wasting a lot of their time and energy .
Working Smart
What if I could show you a better way ?
Would you be intrigued enough by my methods to try them for yourself ?
My point in sharing this with you is not to annoy you , but to help you get better results in much less time .
When we launch new websites , we ignore reciprocal links and web directories altogether .
We consider both to be a complete waste of time , effort and money .
Let me put this into perspective for you by giving you a real life example .
On November 18th , 2008 , we bought and built a new niche domain : www.shoppingtraveldeals.com/blog/
Today is December 27th , so this site has only been active for just under six weeks .
We purchased the domain on the 18th , had it set up with content on the 19th , and then on the 20th , we started promoting this website .
We released our first and second reprint articles , promoting this site on the 20th of November .
We released our third article on the 24th and the fourth on the 25th .
Then we released our fifth article promoting the website on December 15th .
We also set up bookmarks for the main page of the website in Stumbleupon , Digg and Propeller .
In the 39 days since we bought this domain , our website has seen 520 unique visitors .
The site had 86 visitors in November and 434 so far in December .
Now here is where it gets interesting .
We got traffic from 66 unique web pages , and we drew click - through traffic from Google and Windows Live , with 86 % of our search traffic coming from Google .
On our search engine traffic , we have traffic on 171 unique keyword phrases .
In order to better understand this search engine traffic , we ran the top 25 search terms through Google to see where our website ranked in the search results , and this is what we came up with :
* Two # 1 listings ;
* Ten listings that were ranked from # 2 to # 4 ;
* Ten listings that were ranked from # 5 to # 10 ;
* Two listings on page two of Google 's search results ( # 11 to # 20 ) ;
* One listing on page three of Google 's results ( # 21 to # 30 ) .
We built this website with the express intent of earning affiliate commissions in the travel industry .
The prognosis is good , as we have already started earning money from this website , and in terms of our current earnings , we expect to be in the black against our initial �nvestment into this website , within about three months .
The concept of the reprint article is to write an article and give it to other webmasters to use in their websites and newsletters , in exchange for a link back to your website .
Those articles that seek to teach something of value typically get published more frequently than those articles geared to sell a product or service .
It is our fervent belief that the Author 's resource box - the paragraph that follows the article - is the only place where a writer should try to sell his or her wares .
The goal of the resource box is to get a reader to your website , and your website is where the real selling should take place .
Reprint articles provide good value to the people who use them wisely .
But the online marketer must first be willing to invest the required time or money to have appropriate articles written and / or distributed .
While it is true that I work for an article distribution company , it is important to note that our guiding principle is that each article distribution company will reach a different and unique audience .
As such , we always use our own service to distribute articles and occasionally we use our competitors ' article distribution companies as well .
We distribute ALL of our own articles through our own company , because we know that our service does provide real value .
But for some articles , we do go to some of our competitors to expand our reach and to reach new audiences .
We actually learned to do this from some of our more successful customers , who suggest that there are certain publishers that only we can reach , while our competitors also have certain publishers that only they are able to reach .
As a result , many of our customers use two or three article distribution companies , and we do too .
Working Smarter
While reprint articles is a tool that we consistently utilize to build links and to grow traffic to our websites , there remains a more long - term , yet more valuable approach to building links for our websites .
Link Bait is an idea where you create a resource that people find so useful that they feel compelled to link to it from their own websites .
Look at it this way .
With reprint articles , we have to write the article , and then distribute it through the sources we choose to use to get it into circulation .
All told , we will invest several hours into writing , and then we will invest another hour to distribute the article .
All told , we will have spent four to five hours to write and distribute this article .
In turn , we will receive dozens or hundreds of links from related web pages ( the links are from " related web pages " , because we designed the article content to look like what we are trying to promote ) .
Writing and distributing articles typically creates a great return of value for our businesses .
But consider this .
Last week , we created a resource page on one of our websites .
This page is an enumeration of the +1200 article directories we know to exist on the Internet .
We were not the first website to provide such a list , but we may be the first to give the Internet community an easy method to add new sites and to flag bad sites , automatically from the page where the sites are displayed .
If you are able to create a page such as this that people find extremely useful , then people are more inclined to link to your page , without you even asking them to do so .
The beauty about building pages like this on the Internet is that all you have to do is to let people know it is there , and then the links will roll in steadily .
One Link Bait page we built on May 1st , 2004 has been used by the public more than 38,000 times according to its built - in counter .
And according to a Yahoo search , it has more than 10,000 inbound links from third - party websites .
We built this page in a day , wrote one article to let people know it was there , and then we left the page alone for more than four - and - a - half years .
Do you see how it is much easier to build one link bait , notify the world , and then to let people link to your web page for you ?
The time invested in our Text To Hyperlink Converter was less than 12 hours , yet it has attracted + 10,000 links with almost no promotion on our part .
And this article will generate +100 links in exchange for five hours of our time .
In Conclusion
We are working smart when we write and distribute articles to promote a website .
The Shopping Travel Deals site attests to the value of reprint articles to build links and traffic to a new website quickly .
But we are working smarter , when we invest the additional time to build a link bait web page that people will appreciate and link to for us , without any additional effort on our part .
About The Author
Trey Pennewell is part of http://www.thephantomwriters.com support staff .
In the quest to bring more effective Internet promotion tools to their customers , The Phantom Writers is proud to announce this week that in conjunction with professional video editors and voice - over personalities , they now provide professional Video Creation Services .
It has been made possible for online marketers to easily convert their promotional articles to Video Articles .
Explore the unlim�ted possibilities of Video Marketing at : http://www.thephantomwriters.com/video-art...-marketing.html
Tweet
--------------------
Forex Trend Scanner !
Free Money ! -
Do not click !
The therapy aims to stop HIV re-producing
One of the first attempts to use gene therapy to treat HIV has produced promising results in clinical trials .
When the therapy was tested on 74 patients , it was shown to be safe and appeared to reduce the effect of the virus on the immune system .
In theory , one treatment should be enough to replace the need for a lifetime of antiretroviral therapy .
The study , by the University of California , Los Angeles , appears in the journal Nature Medicine .
The researchers have shown enough of an effect for us to be hopeful that a gene therapy approach to HIV treatment might eventually deliver effective treatments for the disease
Keith Alcorn
HIV information service NAM
Highly active antiretroviral therapy ( HAART ) has greatly improved the prognosis for people infected with HIV .
However , it must be taken on a daily basis , there is a risk of adverse reactions and the virus - which has an astonishing capacity to evolve rapidly - is starting to develop resistance to the drugs .
Therefore , new ways to combat the virus are badly needed .
Stem cells
The latest therapy involves giving patients blood stem cells modified to carry a molecule called OZ1 , which is designed to stop HIV reproducing itself by targeting two key proteins .
The patients in the trial either received the therapy , or a dummy treatment .
After 48 weeks the researchers found there was no statistically significant difference in the amount of HIV circulating in the blood of the two groups of patients .
However , after 100 weeks the patients who received the gene therapy had higher levels of CD4 + cells - the key cells of the immune system which are specifically destroyed by HIV .
Lead researcher , Professor Ronald Mitsuyasu , said the research was the first to come through tightly controlled trials in which patients did not know whether they were getting the therapy or the placebo .
He said : " Gene therapy has the potential of needing only a one - time or infrequent administration of product and would allow the patients to control their own HIV internally without the need for continuous drug therapy .
" While this treatment is far from being perfected , it is not yet as effective or as complete as current antiretroviral therapy in controlling HIV , the study did show proof of concept that inserting and administering a single anti-HIV gene in the patients ' own blood stem cells and giving it back to them could reduce viral replication to some degree when anti-HIV medications are stopped . "
However , Professor Mitsuyasu said long - term follow up was needed to ensure the therapy was safe .
' Exciting ' area Jo Robinson , of the HIV charity Terrence Higgins Trust , said : " Gene therapy is an exciting area which aims to create a one off treatment for HIV , avoiding the need for people to take daily medication .
" However , it 's a very complex area and early days in research terms so we 're a long way from something like this being on the market .
" This particular trial proved safe and has shown some promising results which definitely warrant further investigation .
" Some people find their HIV becomes resistant to current treatments over time so it 's essential that we invest in researching potential new approaches like this . "
Keith Alcorn , of the HIV information service NAM , said : " The viral load responses in this study were very modest , and for any other sort of product would not justify going forward .
" However , the researchers have shown enough of an effect for us to be hopeful that a gene therapy approach to HIV treatment might eventually deliver effective treatments for the disease . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A man in Australia says he suffered scratched buttocks and shredded underpants wrestling a kangaroo which smashed through his bedroom window .
Beat Ettlin , his wife and daughter cowered beneath their blankets as it jumped on their bed .
But it then bounded into the room of the Ettlins ' young son , who screamed , and Mr Ettlin was forced to act .
Mr Ettlin struggled to get the hopping marsupial into a headlock and drag it to the front door .
Shoved outside , wounded , it disappeared into a nearby reserve outside Canberra .
Inside , the animal - which Mr Ettlin said was about his own height , 5 ft 9 in ( 175 cm ) - had gouged holes in the furniture and smeared blood over the walls as it bounced around the house .
" I just kept holding the covers over my head and felt the kangaroo jumping on top of us , " recalled Mr Ettlin 's wife , Verity Beman .
She described her husband as " a hero : a hero in Bonds undies " - referring to a brand of underwear popular in Australia .
Mr Ettlin , who is 42 and originally from Switzerland , described himself as a lucky man .
" My initial thought when I was half awake was , ' it 's a lunatic ninja coming through the window ' , " he said .
Kangaroos are common around the outskirts of Canberra , but only rarely invade homes , experts say .
Minifigs worldwide tremble before Ogre , a Lego Mindstorm assault tank that could kick your butt and lay waste to your world in less time it took me to say it .
Ogre is a “ Tank ” built around a Zamor launching system nicknamed “ Hailstorm ” .
It uses three XL PF motors , controlled either by a standard PF remote , or by the on - board ( black ) NXT using the Hitechnic IRLink .
It also has a small wireless “ spycam ” attached , so that the driver can “ see ” what the robot sees .
The result is a lot of fun to drive around , and even more fun to watch it autonomously detect , target , and destroy loose LEGO targets .
[ Via NoWhereElse ( French ) ]
FREE TRADE is a child of economic confidence ; protectionism is pessimism 's progeny .
In today 's fearful economic climate , policy - makers have again cried " buy American , " and embraced interventions that support domestic producers at the expense of our trading partners .
Protectionism is bad economics and worse foreign policy , for many of our trading partners have only a tenuous link to peaceful democracy .
To avoid the terrible path of the 1930s that led to prolonged depression and global conflict , the United States must maintain its commitment to globalization .
My father was born in Berlin in 1930 , at the start of an earlier global downturn , when democracy still held sway over most of Central and Western Europe .
The United States had adopted the Smoot - Hawley Tariff , setting off a global tariff war .
Between 1929 and 1934 , world trade declined by two - thirds .
In the dark years that followed , thuggish dictators snuffed out nascent republics and Europe descended into the madness of war .
Today as we contemplate an international recession , it is worth remembering that worse terrors than double - digit unemployment have stalked human history .
Few findings in social science are more robust than the fact that democracies almost never fight one another .
If the current downturn causes democracies to become dictatorships , then the probability of conflict between those places and our own democracy will increase .
Since dictators are far more likely to slaughter their own people , America may be faced with the awful choice of military intervention or standing by and watching the deaths mount .
Democracy is bolstered by prosperity and damaged by downturns .
Since the pioneering work of Martin Lipset 50 years ago , social scientists have tried to understand why democracies and wealth go together .
My colleague Robert Barro found that this link exists not because democracies increase prosperity , but because prosperity supports democracy .
The appeal of democracy 's enemies increases when democracies , like the Weimar Republic , are unable to deliver economic success .
Trade is crucial for the prosperity of the world 's poorer countries , especially during a downturn .
My own research finds little connection between trade and economic growth among rich or middle - income countries , but in the poorest places , where democracies are least stable , a 20 percent drop in the ratio of trade to GDP is associated with per capita incomes growing by 1 percent less per year .
Reductions in trade had a devastating impact on Argentina in the 1930s , ending decades of democracy and ushering in a long period of dictatorship and political turmoil .
Free trade brings prosperity to the world 's poorer countries , strengthening their transitions to democracy and making their citizens , and us , safer .
But the United States is now contemplating policies that threaten our ability to argue that an economically connected world is stronger and safer .
The Recovery Act's " Buy American " clause forbids spending on public works " unless all of the iron , steel , and manufactured goods used in the project are produced in the United States . "
That clause sends a terrible message to our trading partners .
Last week , President Obama committed the country to a " retooled , reimagined auto industry that can compete and win . "
For years , America has made the case against other nations ' industrial policies that subsidize particular sectors .
Such subsidies hurt our exporters , stifled competition , and reduced the benefits that come from specialization and trade .
Now , we are embracing an industrial policy that encourages other countries to bolster their own domestic industries and shut out foreign producers .
During the primary campaign , Obama called the North American Free Trade Agreement " devastating " and a " big mistake . "
Today , Congress , in a protectionist mood , is considering ending a program , mandated by that treaty , that allows Mexican trucks to enter the United States .
The Mexican ambassador has raised the possibility of " retaliation , " which presumably means a trade war .
Other countries provide us with clothes , cars , markets for exports , and lending for the government and banks .
Shutting our markets will make life more expensive for us and hurt the rest of the world .
In the 1930s , legislators embraced high tariffs , but putting America first led to a devastating world war .
Today , US lawmakers need to choose hope over fear , and stick with free trade .
Edward L. Glaeser , a professor of economics at Harvard University , is director of the Rappaport Institute for Greater Boston .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
This is totally avoiding the subject of the metric shit - ton .
English vs. metric shit - tons do vary .
Also , this comic should have gone up yesterday .
Sorry for the delay .
Tags : Junkie , William Burroughs
Reports from the Bibliographic Bunker
Jed Birmingham on William S. Burroughs Collecting
For those of you interested in exploring the history of men ’s magazines further , let me recommend ( if I have not already ) , Dian Hanson ’s six volume set The History of Men ’s Magazines published by Taschen .
On the related topic of Men ’s Adventure Magazines , check out Men ’s Adventure Magazines : In Postwar America and It ’s a Man ’s World .
I hear Sin-A - Rama : Sleaze Sex Paperbacks of the Sixties is worth checking out as well .
Stephen J. Gertz , who wrote a great article on Joseph Zinnato ’s Burroughs collection , provides an essay entitled West Coast Blue on porn publishers in California during the 1960s .
I am sure there are other titles worth reading but these are the ones I am most familiar with .
Well , Gertz has done it again and added another must - have title for those interested in pulp fiction , men ’s magazines , and sleaze paperbacks .
Feral House just published Dope Menace : The Sensational World of Drug Paperbacks 1900 - 1975 .
Gertz ’s book should be of interest to Burroughs fans , since he wrote , arguably , the most famous drug paperback of them all : Junkie .
As Gertz states , the story of Junkie is well - documented and for the most part he directs his attentions elsewhere .
Even so I gleaned some interesting tidbits about Burroughs ’ first published novel from Gertz ’s informative introduction .
For example , I have always considered Junkie something of a best seller .
It sold over 113,000 copies soon after publication by Ace in 1953 .
In fact as Gertz makes clear , the sales for Junkie were slightly below average .
This gives you some idea of the massive popularity of drug paperbacks .
Hundreds of millions of copies of paperbacks ( not all drug - related ) were in print on a yearly basis .
This blew me away .
In addition I had always considered the Digit Junkie the holy grail of drug paperbacks .
Not true .
It is highly desirable and extremely rare .
Gertz states that the last copy he was aware of sold in 2002 for $ 5000 .
I am personally aware of two copies since that date , but clearly the book is far from common .
According to Gertz , however , the “ black tulip ” of drug literature is David “ Bunny ” Garnett ’s Dope Darling : A Study of Cocaine .
There are only five known copies in libraries around the world .
Aside from its rarity , why is this copy so prized ?
Well , Garnett had ties to the Bloomsbury Group and British Modernism .
He would go on to write some critically acclaimed novels .
But Dope Darling was his first novel .
The book also just happens to have some remarkable cover art .
Sound familiar ?
Similar circumstances make Junkie highly collectible .
Dope Menace also has an interesting insight into Junkie ‘s cover art .
First of all , I had mistakenly believed that the cover art was drawn by Norman Saunders .
Wrong !!
Al Rossi did the covers for the Ace and Digit Junkies .
Turns out that the image of a woman injecting into her thigh is iconic in drug paperbacks .
Rossi ’s rendering is one of the best known , but it is far from original .
Paging though Dope Menace , you see this scene again and again .
Who did it first ?
Gertz writes that this image “ harkens back to French Le Belle Époque illustrator Eugene Grasset ’s 1897 lithograph La Morphinomane . ”
Who knew ?
Dope Menace is full of information of this type .
Yet the interest of Dope Menace goes beyond a litany of interesting factoids .
Gertz ’s book makes clear just how important drug paperbacks are in providing “ the richest , most direct record of American Pop Culture ’s fascination , repulsion , fears , realities , perceptions , fantasies , paranoia , facts , hopes , follies and fallacies regarding psychoactive drugs during the beginning , rise and crest of what has been characterized as ‘ America ’s Second Drug Epidemic . ' ”
These paperbacks were not just sources of sensationalism and misinformation .
There was much factual reporting within all the hype .
And some of this information was highly classified .
For example , The Splintered Man , which has the first mention of LSD in a drug paperback , had in its storyline the broad outlines of the CIA ’s Project MKULTRA ( mind control experiments with LSD ) down pat .
Similarly , Burroughs ’
Junkie is a valuable historical resource since it arguably provides the best , most accurate account of drug culture in the period during and after World War II that we have .
Given drug paperbacks ’ pervasiveness and their admittedly lurid appeal to baser appetites , it is no wonder the U.S Government sought to control them through legislation and censorship .
There was a House Select Committee on the topic in 1952 , just one year before Junkie was published .
This scrutiny on paperbacks makes clear why Junkie was published dos - à - dos with Maurice Helbrant ’s Narcotic Agent .
Yet moral guardians ’ interest in drug paperbacks is not just about protecting children from and policing adults ’ indulgence in drug pornography .
Into the 1960s and beyond , authors of drug paperbacks increasingly had actual drug experience , so their accounts of drug use in some cases had a more factual , more authentic tone .
Some drug literature of the 1960s ceased being cautionary tales about the danger of drugs and became celebratory manifestos of the wonders of drugs à la the philosophies of Timothy Leary .
Such books questioned the company line on drugs and drug culture .
Some writers , such as Burroughs and Allen Ginsberg , spoke out on the hypocrisy and hysteria that surrounded the United States drug policy .
As The Splintered Man and Junkie prove , drug paperbacks sometimes revealed truths that the powers that be wanted kept under wraps .
This is another unspoken reason for the push for censorship and regulation of drug paperbacks as well as the governmental interference that surrounded Burroughs ’ fiction from its drug paperback beginnings .
For some , Gertz ’s essay will be like medicine with the reproduced cover art being the honey that makes it palatable .
To mix metaphors , Gertz ’s essay is the steak with the cover art providing the sizzle that sells copies .
For fans of the Beat Generation , there is a whole section dedicated to the theme of drug crazed Beatniks and stoned jazzmen .
Images of “ Good Girl Art ” and of plain old bad eggs , of raised skirts and bared breasts , of the down and dirty and the far out are the reason generations of readers bought drug paperbacks in the first place .
They remain the major reason to buy Dope Menace .
So enjoy the guilty pleasure of drug paperback cover art , but do not forget about the importance of the pages in between .
As Gertz demonstrates , the text of drug paperbacks have , for good or bad , shaped and reflected the United States ’ attitudes toward drugs for nearly century .
So get a copy of Dope Menace .
The cover art is amazing , and Gertz ’s essay is essential reading and , besides , it is good for you .
Written by Jed Birmingham and published by RealityStudio on 18 February 2009 .
Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai on Monday sought to quash speculation among his supporters and others that a car accident that injured him and killed his wife was an assassination attempt .
“ In this case I want to say there is no foul play .
It was an accident that unfortunately took away her life , ” he said , addressing supporters outside his home in Harare , the capital .
Many opponents of President Robert Mugabe have been killed in suspicious car crashes .
Some survivors have described nearly losing control of cars after the wheel lug nuts were loosened .
So to many in Tsvangirai ’s party , which long battled Mugabe ’s regime before joining a unity government last month , Friday ’s collision between the prime minister ’s car and a truck raised questions .
Advertisement
Tsvangirai was to celebrate his 57th birthday today but will instead attend a memorial for Susan Tsvangirai , his wife of more than 30 years .
She will be buried Wednesday .
The Tsvangirais ’ car , which was second in a three - vehicle convoy , was sideswiped by a truck that had veered onto the wrong side of the road .
The truck was carrying medical supplies provided by a joint U.S. - British aid project .
The prime minister ’s car rolled three times , and his wife was thrown from the vehicle .
She died a short time later .
The driver of the truck , Chinoona Mwanda , 35 , has been charged with culpable homicide .
He appeared in court Monday .
He will blame the accident on the very poor state of the roads , according to media reports citing his attorney .
Advertisement
--
robyn.dixon@latimes.com
Ever wonder why you ca n’t get your kids to help clean up ?
I know , it seems like a nice idea and all , but how the heck do you actually get kids to want to and enjoy helping with clean up ?
At first , I did n’t think it was possible either .
But it turns out , I was grossly underestimating young people .
In fact , during my first year as a preschool teacher in a Montessori school , my limited ideas of the kids ’ cleaning capabilities were completely blown out of the water !
I looked around the classroom and saw three - year - olds sweeping , mopping , dusting , and helping each other clean up messes !
Three year olds .
No kidding !
Now here ’s the kicker :
Not only were these young people happily cleaning up after themselves and each other , they also felt proud of their accomplishments and were internally motivated to continue !
So , how can you get your kids to help you out around the house ?
Here are my five keys to promoting cooperation during clean up :
1 ) Invite them !
I do n’t know about you , but I HATE being told what to do .
When somebody tells me what to do , I immediately resist .
So , next time you want your kids to help with clean up , try inviting them instead .
This means you ’re actually going to be ok ( and not give them the silent treatment ) if they refuse ; it ’s not a demand , it ’s an INVITATION .
2 ) Help them figure out the steps .
A four or five year old might not know exactly what you mean when you say , “ Clean up your toys . ” .
They know you want their toys put away , but they do n’t have a clear strategy of understandable steps toward success .
If you can take a few moments to break it down for them , you ’ll get much more cooperation .
Rather than feeling overwhelmed and confused , your kids have a step - by - step plan for how to “ clean up ” .
Offer something like this :
( and supervise kids who are beginners or who get distracted easily )
Step one : Say , “ Can you find a basket ? ” ( when they have it , say , “ Yes ! ” )
Step two : Say , “ Look around the living room and ask yourself , “ Does this belong to me ? ”
Step three :
If you find something that belongs to you , put it in the basket
Step four :
Take the basket to your bedroom
Step five :
Take one item out of the basket and find a home for it
Step six : Repeat as necessary until the basket is empty
Step seven :
Ask for help if you need it
Step eight : Jump around , jump around , jump up , jump up , and get down !
3 ) Be Consistent
If you do n’t care about food on the floor , nobody else will either .
And if you want kids to learn to clean up after themselves , you ’ve got to be committed to modeling it yourself , helping them , teaching them how , and supporting them in enjoying cleaning up .
It also helps to be clear about specific requirements like what must be done and to what standard .
For example , when something spills , we clean it up right away .
If you can be consistent by making sure that every member of the family is living up to the requirements , it ’ll be much easier for kids to comply with the standards .
On the other hand , if you bend the rules ( especially at the beginning of a new regimen ) , get ready for everyone in your family to start testing to see where the boundaries are .
4 ) Model enjoyment of cleaning tasks and offer kids challenges
You want your kids to clean up willingly and joyfully , right .
So how will they learn how to do that ?
By your example , of course !
If you ’re grumbling about the dishes every night , they ’ll learn that doing dishes is no fun .
But if you ’re singing softly and enjoying the soapy water ( it really is like a hot tub for your hands , right ? ) , pretty soon you ’ll have little fingers reaching in to help !
Keep an eye on what your child is able to do easily , what he can do with some effort , what takes a lot of effort , and what is so difficult it ’s frustrating .
Offer your child a challenge when he seems bored , but be fairly confident he can succeed at it .
5 ) Appreciate their efforts
OK , so I ’m not saying that your kids will clean things as well or as thoroughly as you do , but that ’s no reason not to let them try .
If you can appreciate their efforts and offer encouragement , they ’re more likely to get better at it .
If you just ca n’t stand the remaining mess , you ’ve got several options -
If you think your child is capable of doing a better job , you can gently invite him to revisit the job .
“ Hey I saw that you swept and I really appreciate it .
I did notice some dirt left on the floor , would you be willing to take care of that ? ”
Another option is to clean up after them , but observe your child first - does she look proud of the job she did ?
If so , do n’t let her see you cleaning up after her .
If kids see you re-doing a job they ’ve just done , they could feel hurt or discouraged which can completely undermine the progress you ’re making .
Instead , wait until they ’re asleep and go back over it when there ’s no chance of getting caught .
I do n’t mean to imply that you should n’t help your kids , if they need support .
By all means , let them know you ’ve got their backs , especially if they seem frustrated or are having an especially hard time .
And remember that as skills develop they might be inconsistent .
One day she can put her socks shoes on all by herself , and the next she ca n’t even pull on her own socks .
That ’s perfectly normal .
Repeated experiences of success produce long term learning , so help your kids succeed as often as possible .
If you can tell he ’s not up to the task today , offer your help joyfully .
Some kids have a hard time sticking with it when they do n’t succeed right away .
If that ’s your situation , you can remind your child that learning new skills takes time and practice .
If she gets discouraged quickly , help her gain confidence by encouraging her to try again .
And remember to praise the effort rather than the result .
Now you know my favorite ways to encourage young kids to help with clean - up !
I hope it helps !
Hugs , Shelly
P.S. I ’d love to hear about how these techniques have worked for you or other ideas you have about how to encourage a sense of pride and responsibility for your home environment .
Please leave your comments in the box below !
Scientists studying a mysterious neurological affliction in cats have discovered a surprising ability of the central nervous system to repair itself and restore function .
In a study published March 30 , 2009 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , a team of researchers from the University of Wisconsin - Madison reports that the restoration in cats of myelin — a fatty insulator of nerve fibers that degrades in a host of human central nervous system disorders , the most common of which is multiple sclerosis — can lead to functional recovery .
" The fundamental point of the study is that it proves unequivocally that extensive remyelination can lead to recovery from a severe neurological disorder , " says Ian Duncan , the UW - Madison neuroscientist who led the research .
" It indicates the profound ability of the central nervous system to repair itself . "
The finding is important because it underscores the validity of strategies to reestablish myelin as a therapy for treating a range of severe neurological diseases associated with the loss or damage of myelin , but where the nerves themselves remain intact .
Myelin is a fatty substance that forms a sheath for nerve fibers , known as axons , and facilitates the conduction of nerve signals .
Its loss through disease causes impairment of sensation , movement , cognition and other functions , depending on which nerves are affected .
The new study arose from a mysterious affliction of pregnant cats .
A company testing the effects on growth and development in cats using diets that had been irradiated reported that some cats developed severe neurological dysfunction , including movement disorders , vision loss and paralysis .
Taken off the diet , the cats recovered slowly , but eventually all lost functions were restored .
advertisement
" After being on the diet for three to four months , the pregnant cats started to develop progressive neurological disease , " says Duncan , a professor of medical sciences at the UW - Madison School of Veterinary Medicine and an authority on demyelinating diseases .
" Cats put back on a normal diet recovered .
It 's a very puzzling demyelinating disease . "
The afflicted cats were shown to have severe and widely distributed demyelination of the central nervous system , according to Duncan .
And while the neurological symptoms exhibited by the cats are similar to those experienced by humans with demyelination disorders , the malady does not seem to be like any of the known myelin - related diseases of humans .
In cats removed from the diet , recovery was slow , but all of the previously demyelinated axons became remyelinated .
The restored myelin sheaths , however , were not as thick as healthy myelin , Duncan notes .
" It 's not normal , but from a physiological standpoint , the thin myelin membrane restores function , " he says .
" It 's doing what it is supposed to do . "
Knowing that the central nervous system retains the ability to forge new myelin sheaths anywhere the nerves themselves are preserved provides strong support for the idea that if myelin can be restored in diseases such as multiple sclerosis , it may be possible for patients to regain lost or impaired functions :
" The key thing is that it absolutely confirms the notion that remyelinating strategies are clinically important , " Duncan says .
The exact cause of the neurological affliction in the cats on the experimental diet is unknown , says Duncan , who was not involved in the original study of diet .
" We think it is extremely unlikely that [ irradiated food ] could become a human health problem , " Duncan explains .
" We think it is species specific .
It 's important to note these cats were fed a diet of irradiated food for a period of time . "
In addition to Duncan , authors of the new PNAS study include Alexandra Brower of the Wisconsin Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory ; Yoichi Kondo and Ronald Schultz of the UW - Madison School of Veterinary Medicine ; and Joseph Curlee , Jr. of Harlan Laboratories in Madison .
>
Late Night with Jimmy Fallon
Late Night with Jimmy Fallon
If you did n't get to see last night , here 's your second chance !
Up above is NBC 's edited segment , and after the break we 've got our own video ( for completists and international readers ) .
Take a look at either one to experience the pure magic of me , Jimmy and ?uestlove geeking out over the Pre .
Oh , and I 'm including a special picture from backstage too !
Read -
Full episode
Parents ' Hospital Lawsuit Says Teen Was ' Killed ' For Organs
Parents say they were pressured to donate son's organs after snowboard accident .
March 6 , 2009  --
The parents of an 18 - year - old who suffered a brain injury in a 2007 snowboarding accident say his doctors " intentionally killed " him to harvest his organs .
In the lawsuit filed this week in the U.S. District Court of Western Pennsylvania , Michael and Teresa Jacobs claim that doctors " hastened " their son Gregory Jacobs ' death by delaying treatment and ultimately pulling his breathing tube , causing him to suffocate .
The couple said their son had not been formally declared brain dead when surgeons began the transplant procedure .
They are seeking $ 5 million in damages .
" But for the intentional trauma or asphyxiation of Gregory Jacobs , he would have lived , or , at the very least , his life would have been prolonged , " the lawsuit said .
The Bellevue , Ohio , family claim that if their son had been properly treated , he would have had a " significant chance of substantial recovery . "
The parents have charged doctors at Hamot Medical Center in Erie , Pa. , and a representative of the Center for Organ Recovery and Education ( CORE ) in Pittsburgh .
In prepared statements , both Hamot Medical Center and the organ center expressed condolences to the Jacobs family .
Hamot maintained that the treatment administered was " timely , appropriate and well - documented . "
" Proper consent was received in order for his organs to be donated and the protocols that were followed were consistent with all established donation procedures , " it read .
" Any claims otherwise are completely baseless .
While we have yet to receive formal notification of a lawsuit having been filed , we will vigorously defend against any accusations of wrongdoing . "
The organ center also said charges against them were " baseless and untrue . "
" As in all donation cases , CORE followed all regulated medical protocols in the case , " its statement read .
Hit Head in Snowboarding Fall
Gregory Jacobs suffered a " closed head injury " after a fall while on a high school - sponsored skiing trip to Peek 'n Peak Ski Resort in Findley Lake , N.Y. , March 8 , 2007 .
He died five days later after being air - lifted to Hamot .
" Essentially , the family was told that Greg was brain dead and he would not recover and , therefore , they signed a document that agreed to an organ transplant , " said the Jacobs ' lawyer Dennis Boyle .
" Greg was not , in fact , brain dead . "
Brain Death Recording Error ?
According to the plaintiffs , brain death was recorded the next day , " retroactively " as life support was being withdrawn in preparation for organ removal .
In an interview with media in 2007 , hospital officials acknowledged that the recorded time of death was a mistake .
" We are absolutely certain that no retrieval of any organs took place until he was pronounced dead , " Dr. James Pepicello said told Erie.com .
" We are aware of a discrepancy in the operative record from Hamot .
It is an error in documentation . "
The coroner 's office initially referred the death to the Erie County district attorney 's office , according to Boyle , but it declined to prosecute after hospital officials " corrected " the time of death .
The suit also alleges that the Center for Organ Recovery and Education benefited by obtaining Gregory Jacobs ' organs " for transfer and sale to other individuals , who then paid money , a portion of which went to CORE , for the wrongful procurement of the organs . "
' It 's Been a Nightmare , ' Says Father
Several calls by ABCNews.com to the Jacobs family were not answered , but in an interview with media in July 2007 , family members said they " wanted answers . "
" It 's been a nightmare , " Mike Jacobs told Erie.com .
He said doctors told him Gregory Jacobs ' head was " full of strokes .
...
Half his head was stroked .
...
The other part was stroked .
They showed us on the [ CT ] scan .
There was no hope . "
" From the very first day that I was there and walked into the pre-op room , I was told organ donation makes death easier , " he said .
The suit alleges Mike Jacobs was pressured into signing a do - not - resuscitate order and authorizing the organ transplant .
The teen 's heart , liver and kidney were donated .
As soon as the order was signed , the hospital began preparing Gregory Jacobs for organ donation , the lawsuit charges .
" In fact , [ brain death ] was never recorded and our experts say he did not meet any criteria for brain death , " Boyle told ABCNews.com .
Gregory Jacobs ' Parents Not Present at Death
The parents were " in shock " and not present at their son 's death .
The mother " seems to have been taken out of it [ decision making ] completely , " said Boyle .
" She wanted to be present but was told she could n't be . "
" They cut my son at ten to 6 , 29 minutes before they pronounced him dead , " Teresa Jacobs told Erie.com last year .
The Jacobses , whom their lawyer described as an " intact , close - knit working class family , " have another son who is a junior in high school .
The lawsuit was filed two years -- almost to the day -- after the accident , when the statute of limitations on such a civil lawsuit closes .
" It took them a while to find an attorney , and it us took us a while to obtain medical records for independent review and educate ourselves on what was going on , " Boyle said .
The Jacobses ' case illustrates the painful decision to transplant organs from dying patients , one that is fraught with ethical questions .
" You do n't treat someone as a donor before they are dead , " said Dr. Arthur Caplan , chairman of the Department of Medical Ethics at University of Pennsylvania , who is not involved in the Jacobs case .
" That 's a big no - no . "
Dead Donor Rule
" It 's the dead donor rule to keep the public trust in place so people are not killed for parts , " he told ABCNews.com .
But , he added that giving a patient a dire prognosis and signing a do - not - resuscitate order does not give the automatic green light for organ donation -- sometimes , patients and doctors do n't communicate effectively .
" There can be a lot of tension managing the end of life , " Caplan told ABCNews.com .
" It 's a gray area to manage the desire of the donor , and the family wanting to do everything they can think of in a hopeless situation . "
" It 's also murky .
Families do n't always hear what doctors are saying and doctors are n't always clear because they do n't want to take away any hope , " he said .
Doctors need to be " franker and blunter , " he said .
" Be kind , but do n't sugarcoat things , otherwise people do n't hear what is being said . "
Families should appoint a lead decision - maker who can talk directly with the medical team .
" Groups can be very confusing and often people hear different things , " he said .
Better medical protocols and training are also necessary to ensure that " patients are first , not the organs , " he said .
" A donor card should not trump the managing of the dying person , " he said .
" Doctors have to be taught that .
It is their primary duty to care for the patient . "
The Jacobses ' attorney said , " Some of the statements made by the doctors were susceptible to misinterpretation when they said he was brain dead . "
But he still contends health officials moved too quickly to harvest Gregory Jacobs ' organs .
Said Boyle , " The Jacobs [es ] were always clear they wanted everything done for their son's recovery and they really did n't care if he was disabled or not . "
ICC Update – Twenty - five ( no , Eighty ) deaths in ICC studies – but drugs ‘ not to blame ’ .
Vera Report and NY
Times come back to save face , once more .
The ongoing non-investigation by the major media into the NIH clinical trials scandal .
Try to make sense of the New York Times continual burial of the ICC story :
First , no children died :
“ It was seen as one of the great successes of AIDS treatment .
In the late 1980 ’s and early 1990 ’s , hundreds of children in New York City were dying of AIDS .
The only approved drugs were for adults , and many of the patients were foster children .
So doctors obtained permission to include foster children in what they regarded as promising drug trials … . ” “ [ T ] here is little evidence that the trials were anything but a medical success . ”
That was the line in 2005 , when reporter Janny Scott and the New York Times first tried to bury the story .
Now , children have died , but not really .
“ An investigation into the participation of New York City foster children in clinical drug trials for H.I.V. and AIDS over a nearly 20 - year period has found no evidence that any children died as a result of the trials or that the foster children were selected because of their race . ”
And then , down the page :
“ Twenty - five children receiving treatment as part of the trials died during the trial years . ”
Yes , children died while in drug trials at the ICC .
And the Times does n’t feel it necessary to report that 80 children who had participated in the trials died after the trials – “ while in foster care . ”
But , “ So what ! ” Says the Times , because the trials were ethical :
“ The report also found that foster children were not removed from their families by the city because a parent had refused to consent to a child ’s treatment , as some had alleged . ”
( The allegations came from mothers whose children were taken into the ICC ) .
But , no .. it ’s all fine .
But down the page :
“ We found a disturbing lack of medical consent forms . ”
But ,
“ No children were yanked from their homes .
That is all completely false . ”
Really ?
“ Disturbing lack ” or “ completely false ? ” I guess I ’ll have to stick with the women , children , childcare workers and the ICC doctor who game me lengthy interviews , and told me that “ adherence ” to the drug regimen was now the primary cause for children to be placed in the drug - study orphanage .
I am quoted in the Times piece , but not quite as I gave the quote :
Liam Scheff , the journalist in Boston who first made the alarming charges about the trials , questioned that finding .
“ Now they admit that the children died , but , oh , it could n’t have been the drugs , ” Mr. Scheff said in an e-mail message .
“ How do they know ?
How do they tell the difference ? ”
He said that the drugs in question had Food and Drug Administration warnings on them and that they had “ caused permanent injury and painful death in adults who have taken the exact same drugs at normal prescribed doses .
These children died , and countless others were made sick while taking these drugs , because of a diagnosis that is itself overly harsh , overly deterministic ” and , he said , based on faulty H.I.V. testing technology .
Here ’s what I actually provided on a phone conversation , and in several emails , confirmed and okayed by the reporter , Lisa Foderaro .
( see bottom of the page for details ) :
“ Now they admit that the children died , but ‘ Oh , it could n’t have been the drugs , ' ” said Liam Scheff , a journalist in Boston who first investigated the drug trials .
“ How do they know ?
How do they tell the difference ?
The drugs in question are F.D.A.
Black - Box label drugs that have caused permanent injury and painful death in adults who have taken the exact same drugs at normal prescribed doses . ”
“ These children died , and countless others were made sick while taking these drugs , because of a diagnosis that is itself overly - harsh , overly - deterministic , and based on faulty , poly - reactive HIV testing technology . ”
It ’s a good deal better than Janny Scott did , but what ’s so hard about the words “ Black Box ? ”
Why is it so carefully omitted ?
” F.D.A. Black Box label . ”
Why ?
I guess the details matter , and leaving out certain details helps them bury the story better .
The FDA was decent enough to mark these drugs as possessing extraordinary toxicity .
But the reporter leaves that out .
I suppose the New York Times just can’t find it in its charter to report that Aids drugs have killed people so well , that the FDA has taken special , official and legal notice of it .
“ Oh what tangled webs we weave ” should be the imprimatur atop the New York Times logo .
Which of their versions is true ?
“ No permissions , ” or “ no violations ? ” “ Refuted claims ” or deaths while children were in drug studies ?
Well .
Like I said in 2004 ….
ICC Background story [ Here ] .
In 2003 I investigated the Incarnation Children ’s Center , a Catholic Orphanage in New York City , which took in abandoned children of drug ( crack ) addicts , in the city ’s poor , immigrant Black and Hispanic Washington Heights neighborhood .
The orphanage reported that the children got “ dramatically better ” without the very toxic , Black - Box Aids drugs .
From ICC ’s Webpage :
Pediatric AIDS was first recognized in 1982 - 83 .
Early in the epidemic , HIV disease of childhood was considered to be down - hill course leading to death .
But in the late 1980 ’s , before AZT was available , many very ill children admitted to ICC got dramatically better with proper nurturing and high - quality medical and nursing care .
But in the early 1990s , Dr. Stephen Nicholas , ICC ’s then medical director , decided to turn the orphanage into an NIH ( government - funded ) drug trial center , for very strong pharmaceuticals like AZT and Nevirapine , and their analogues .
These drugs all bear the FDA ’s Black Box warning label , meaning they ’ve permanently injured or killed adults who ’ve taken the drugs at the normal , prescribed dose .
The street - drug orphans were enrolled in pharma - drug studies featuring 7 or 8 pharmaceuticals , “ at higher than usual doses , ” in children as young as four years old .
The studies also enrolled children of indeterminate and negative Hiv status , and used children in vaccine trials , drug trials , and as stated , high - dose , multiple - drug trials .
This is recorded in the NIH database at ClinicalTrials.gov [ Download Zip File of ICC Studies ]
In investigating this story , I interviewed mothers , children , nurses , childcare workers , and the doctor in charge of the ICC .
I reported their stories and testimony over two years in print magazines and on the web .
[ NIH / ICC Investigation ]
Columbia Presbyterian Hospital , which oversees the orphanage / test center , has consistently plead ‘ no fault , ’ to charges that children died in the trials , but they have never released publicly any medical records from any of the children in the trials .
The Vera Institute of Justice was hired to investigate the trials , to see if wrong - doing is attributable to Columbia Presbyterian .
They have just published their report .
I was informed of the report today ( 1-27-09 ) by New York Times reporter Lisa Foderaro .
In sum , the Vera Institute agrees with my original reporting that :
1. Drug trials were being conducted in orphaned children .
2 . There were “ missing permissions ” – ie – they were using children without consent .
My sources had their children removed from their homes when the parents expressed serious concerns about some of the Black - Box labeled drugs , and their visible deleterious effects .
3. Children enrolled in these trials died .
According to the Institute , 80 Children in Foster Care , and 25 in the studies .
But , says the Institute , we ca n’t blame the drugs .
The Vera report wants to propose that children , enrolled in illegal drug trials , with “ 7 [ FDA Black - Box ] Drugs , Some at Higher Than Usual Doses ” were made sick and died , but NOT as any result of these 7 drugs :
This despite the fact that every one of these drugs bears the FDA ’s Black Box – a fatal warning at normal dosing .
The study itself had already been reduced from EIGHT drugs , because significant toxicity and / or death .
[ AS PER AMENDMENT 01/07/00 : Pancreatitis , which may be fatal in some cases , has occurred during therapy with ddI [ Didanosine ] .
The risk of pancreatitis may be increased when ddI is used in combination with HU .
ACTG A5025 , a study that had a d4T/ddI/ HU arm , was terminated because of significant toxicity concerns related to the HU - containing arm .
Patients enrolled in ACTG P1007 [ This study ] may be at increased risk of developing pancreatitis given their advanced disease state and the use of multiple drugs including HU .
The study had been amended to address these concerns . ]
[ AS PER AMENDMENT 12/19/01 : HU has been removed from the drug regimen . ]
Patient enrollment is staged to allow study physicians to aggressively monitor patients for signs of toxicity .
… [ AS PER AMENDMENT 12/19/01 : “ 8 - drug regimen ” is replaced by “ 7 - drug regimen ” ]
What can I say that Robert Lifton has n’t written so clearly , and so well already ?
We are practicing a corrupted medicine .
There is a taint of racism running through Aids science .
We are over - burdening groups with the permanent and fatal ‘ Aids ’ diagnosis , based on faulty technology , and an immovable assumption that we then enforce by the overly - toxic regimens you witness above .
How do we propose to save children by first , giving them a death sentence based on faulty and poly - reactive ( poly - diagnostic ) tests [ HIV Tests – Yes , They Do Not Diagnose Nor Are Specific For Only One Condition ] ;
Then enrolling them with or without permission into drug trials with the most severe toxic effects recorded in a pharmaceutical [ Nevirapine ]
– Nevirapine Toxicity .
Yes , that ’s the result of an Aids drug .
Yes , we give it to human beings .
The Aids diagnosis based on the poly - reactive “ Hiv test ” is overly - brutal , overly - deterministic ; it allows otherwise sane and cautious people to force - feed copious volumes of these drugs to the most vulnerable , defenseless human beings on earth – abandoned babies in the poorest part of New York City .
What would have happened to these children in they had not been force - fed these drugs ?
They got “ dramatically better ” before AZT and Nevirapine .
They get dramatically better on Selenium and other immune - building , pathogen - suppressing micronutrients .
Our current drugs may have application in future treatment – but at significant decrease in dose and toxicity .
We ’ve allowed drugs to be overly toxic because we measure them against a pre-determined and irrevocable diagnosis of “ death , ” despite what we know about Hiv testing , and the ten thousand contradictions in the overly - large , and deterministic Aids diagnosis .
What happens we stop pretending that these drugs do n’t kill on their own ?
Will we have to find other solutions ?
Maybe so .
But there are plenty of other solutions available .
The Aids establishment has had no patience for individuals or groups that have sought to treat Aids as a multi-factorial , and recoverable illness , despite the success of those who have tried , and lived beyond their “ mandated expiration date . ”
It ’s time for the Aids establishment to move themselves over and make some room for new approaches – multifactorial approaches that seek to get to the underlying issues in immune weakness and immune building .
We can and must do better for orphans than enrolling them in Nevirapine trials , just because Columbia Presbyterian says they want to , and because the Vera Institute “ of Justice ” will unforgivably let them get away with it .
“ They would have died anyway , ” is the final verdict of the Vera Institute .
Anybody who knows anything about medicine , about good Aids research , and about ethics knows that a statement like this is not medical , scientific or ethical .
Liam Scheff , January 27 , 2008 .
http://liamscheff.com
I am available for interview , radio , television , or print .
Email me for contact details .
Addendum – Correspondence and Quote Provided to Lisa Foderaro and the NY Times
1 ) Liam Scheff to Lisa Foderaro , response to request to quote accurately , after phone call .
Re : Can I use it Liam ?
Tuesday , January 27 , 2009 1:27 PM
From : “ liam scheff ” liamscheff [ at ] yahoo.com
To : “ Lisa Foderaro ” foderaro [ at ] nytimes.com
Please use this version .
You ’ll note the changes .
I do not approve of the other version .
( I ’m not sure about capitalization of Black - Box vis a vis your guidelines ) .
“ Now they admit that the children died , but ‘ Oh , it could n’t have been the drugs , ' ” said Liam Scheff , a journalist in Boston who first investigated the drug trials .
“ How do they know ?
How do they tell the difference ?
The drugs in question are F.D.A.
Black - Box label drugs that have caused permanent injury and painful death in adults who have taken the exact same drugs at normal prescribed doses . ”
I absolutely would add for utmost clarity of my position :
“ These children died , and countless others were made sick while taking these drugs , because of a diagnosis that is itself overly - harsh , overly - deterministic , and based on faulty , poly - reactive HIV testing technology . ”
I very much thank you for your effort in representing this quote as I ’ve submitted it to you , in full .
Thank you for your time , for your information , I ’d recommend examining the medical literature on Nevirapine and AZT .
Here are two complete studies , outlining one of the major effects : [ 1 , 2 ]
Kind regards ,
Liam Scheff
— On Tue , 1/27/09 , Lisa Foderaro foderaro [ at ] nytimes.com wrote :
> From : Lisa Foderaro
> Subject : quote
> To : liamscheff
> Date : Tuesday , January 27 , 2009 , 1:06 PM
> This is the quote I ’d like to use … thanks .
>
> “ Now they admit that the children died , but ‘ Oh ,
> it could n’t have been the drugs , ' ” said Liam
> Scheff , a journalist in Boston who had investigated the drug
> trials .
“ Well , why could n’t it have been ?
The
> answer is that they are F.D.A. black - box label drugs that
> have caused permanent serious injury and death in adults who
> have taken these exact same drugs at normal prescribed
> doses . ”
2 ) Liam Scheff to Lisa Foderaro , immediate follow - up with link to data on HIV testing .
ps – tests , for your use .
Tuesday , January 27 , 2009 1:31 PM
From : “ liam scheff ”
To : “ Lisa Foderaro ”
ps – tests in review , you ’ll find the standard journals saying the standard things :
The tests have no standard , are poly / cross- reactive , and must be interpreted according to risk group ; ie , identical test results mean different things from group to group .
Have a walk through , the links go to articles , the articles have the original document attached or linked .
It ’s necessary for understanding what we did wrong by these kids .
http://liamscheff.com/content/section/18/96/
LS
3 ) Lisa Foderaro to Liam Scheff – Accepting Corrected Quote :
Re : corrected quote .
Tuesday , January 27 , 2009 1:34 PM
From :” Lisa Foderaro ” foderaro
To:liamscheff
Great … thanks for clarifying .
I think this quote is more clear .
Best ,
Lisa
In a desperate move to amp up her case against The Pirate Bay , prosecuting lawyer Monique Wadsted has asked authors for quotes and support in preparation for her closing arguments next Monday .
Unfortunately for her , the friendly request backfired as a befriended author turned out to be a fanatical Pirate Bay supporter .
Movie industry lawyer Monique Wadsted thought she ’d learned from the Pirate Bay ’s support gathering mechanism via social networking sites , and decided she had what it takes to pull off a similar stunt .
She asked her friend and novelist Carina Rydberg for help , who then posted a call - to - arms on a Facebook group for Swedish authors .
“ My friend Monique Wadsted , who represents the movie and gaming industry in the trial against The Pirate Bay , needs comments from creators and authors on these issues .
She is currently preparing her closing arguments and would like to end it with a message from Swedish authors .
It ca n’t be long – only 30 seconds – so we ’re talking one - liners here . ”
“ Since I know that we the authors are affected by file - sharing , I think this is an excellent chance to take a stand . [… ]
I ’ll try to write something and would like to encourage members to do the same . [ … ]
Furthermore , Monique would love to see us coming to the court in person .
As things look now , the whole situation is dominated by the pirates , ” Carina added .
Now , perhaps this is nothing unusual .
As the digital society has progressed , not all authors have recognized the marketing opportunities of file - sharing .
What is interesting , however , is that Carina Rydberg ’s real stance on file - sharing differs dramatically from her Facebook post .
Swedish blogger projO published postings from Carina Rydberg from earlier discussions in the same Facebook group , where she confessed that she was a registered user at The Pirate Bay .
So why is she a member there ?
“ Because I want to watch movies that can neither be rented anymore nor bought on the Internet .
I want to read books that are out of print and will cost you 750 British pounds on eBay .
For that reason , I want The Pirate Bay to stay .
At the moment , I ’m trying to download John Schlesinger ’s ‘ The Day of the Locust ’ ; it takes time and it ’s not even certain I ’ll get a copy that is watchable – but at the same time I have no idea how to get the damn flick any another way … ”
Further on in the same discussion thread , she does n’t spare her praise :
“ The Pirate Bay is an invaluable source for content that publishers , record labels and movie studios for some reason ca n’t or wo n’t offer .
If someone on The Pirate Bay chose to download the book I wrote in 1989 I would have no objection to that .
That novel is practically impossible to get hold of and as an author I want to be read . ”
Carina three months ago , when she supported The Pirate Bay .
As panic over her hypocrisy increased , Carina Rydberg quickly edited the posts on Facebook to cover her tracks .
However , she made a comment to a torrent on The Pirate Bay in November where she repeated a similar statement , that she encouraged the making available of her out - of - print novels .
In recent posts to the authors ’
Facebook group , several enraged members have demanded that the person who leaked this information from the group be expelled .
However , the founder of the group stated that there are no rules about the contents having to be kept private , and that leaks like this are something you must take into account when posting to a Facebook group .
He added : “ I think Carina ’s post was somewhat offensive since it presupposes that all authors agree on what is obviously a subjective opinion . ”
Meanwhile , Carina Rydberg has come out all guns blazing in running errands for her friend Monique .
Despite her earlier support for The Pirate Bay she has forwarded the request to The Swedish Writer ’s Union .
“ They absolutely do n’t want to support the pirates , ” she wrote in a another Facebook post .
At the time of writing , it is unclear whether the authors were to be paid for their work , or if Monique Wadsted expected to get user generated content for free .
One thing is sure though , an anti-Pirate Bay quote from Carina and friends wont be worth much in court now .
The news was n’t good , but bad news does n’t get any better with age .
I presented our project manager with the facts :
“ We ca n’t complete our development in time based on these ridiculous estimates ” I said bluntly .
“ Everyone has been behind schedule , just like we said last week .
There is no way that our team is going to make the current deadline . “
After the meeting , the best manager I ’ve ever had , Moe Nwankwo , told me he appreciated that I had been frank – and then gave me some constructive criticism and advice I ’ll never forget :
“ Sid , you ca n’t talk to project managers like that .
You can talk to me and developers that way – but you need to speak to our PM in terms she can understand and act on . ”
I did not fully absorb what he meant at the time , but as I grew as a software engineer I am amazed at how poorly I communicated my concerns in the past .
I have since learned the secret of communicating effectively with my non-technical managers .
How To Speak The Language of Non-Technical Managers
Present the root cause of the problem , not just a symptom .
If possible , present a solution to the problem .
In English , please .
That ’s it .
Easy , right ?
Engineers and Verbal Shorthand
If the solution is so simple , why did it take me so long to figure it out ?
As engineers , we often use verbal short hand to present a problem .
For example , if I tell another software engineer “ I ca n’t work like this , Eclipse is chewing up all the RAM on my box ” they immediately know what I ’m talking about .
Allow me to walk through another software engineer ’s thought process when they hear me say that :
Eclipse is a development environment used to develop software .
The problem of it utilizing lots of RAM is fairly common .
This issue could be too many plugins , a memory leak , or perhaps a lack of RAM – a hardware problem .
At this point , based on the plugins and what he is using for development , he may simply need more RAM .
If that sounds like Greek to you do n’t worry – understanding all of it is n’t the point .
The point is that by simply saying Eclipse is “ chewing up all the RAM on my box ” I have conveyed a large amount of information to any engineer familiar with the domain I work in .
We do n’t explain what the root cause is because we do n’t want to insult each others ’ intelligence .
This is the same reason we do n’t lay out all the details for our managers – out of respect for their intelligence , and perhaps an expectation that they should understand what we ’re talking about .
The bad news though is for many non-technical managers , presenting it that way may not lead to a resolution .
Speaking The Language of Non-Technical Managers – An Example
Bad
“ I ca n’t work like this , Eclipse keeps chewing up all my RAM . ”
Complaining that Eclipse is chewing up my RAM is not going to get me anywhere , because my manager does not understand what that means .
They may be wondering
What is Eclipse ?
What is it used for ?
How is it “ chewing up RAM ” and what does that mean ?
Better
“ I ca n’t work like this .
My computer is unable to run the applications , such as Eclipse , that I need in order to develop our software .
The reason for this issue is I do not have enough RAM . ”
Managers can’t act on the first one – but the second statement is much easier to deal with – and you ’ve explained why it is important to the project / business ( “ I need these applications in order to develop our software ” ) .
It is even better , though , if you are able to present a solution to the problem .
Best
“ I ca n’t work like this .
My computer is unable to run the applications , such as Eclipse , that I need in order to develop our software .
The reason for this issue is I do not have enough RAM .
To resolve this I need more RAM in my computer or a new , better computer .
I called Gary , and if you sign this form they can upgrade my computer . ”
Of course , depending on the bureaucracy in your organization , your boss may not want you calling your help desk and requesting an upgrade yourself – do whatever is appropriate .
Rewind – Trying It Again
If I could go back in time , I ’m sure I would do things differently .
Perhaps I would have instead told my project manager something like this :
“ We ca n’t complete our development in time , because everyone has been behind schedule , just like we said last week .
The reason for this is the unrealistic number of features in the time allotted .
Based on our past performance , we know that if we do n’t cut features now , we will not make the deadline .
To resolve the issue we need to revise the schedule or cut features . ”
Is this perfect ?
Maybe not – but I hope that this example gets the point across , that you need to speak in terms people can understand .
In my experience , if the concerns are escalated high enough and with these kinds of reasons and resolutions , you stand a much better chance of success .
While the examples I have provided are specific to software engineering , I have a hunch the lesson here applies across disciplines .
It ’s a good idea to inform your managers of the symptoms , but it ’s better if you can pinpoint the actual problem , and if possible , a solution .
It ’s not enough to just be accurate – we have to know our audience as well .
Collateral Language
Noam Chomsky interviewed by David Barsamiam
Z Magazine , July - August , 2003
Noam Chomsky is Institute Professor in the Department of Linguistics and Philosophy at MIT .
He is the author of scores of books — his latest are Power and Terror and Middle East Illusions .
His book 9 - 11 was an international bestseller .
BARSAMIAN : In recent years , the Pentagon , and then the media , have adopted this term “ collateral damage ” to describe the death of civilians .
Talk about the role of language in shaping and forming people ’s understanding of events .
CHOMSKY : Well , it ’s as old as history .
It has nothing much to do with language .
Language is the way we interact and communicate , so , naturally , the means of communication and the conceptual background that ’s behind it , which is more important , are used to try to shape attitudes and opinions and induce conformity and subordination .
Not surprisingly , it was created in the more democratic societies .
The first coordinated propaganda ministry , called the Ministry of Information , was in Britain during World War I .
It had the task , as they put it , of controlling the mind of the world .
What they were particularly concerned with was the mind of America and , more specifically , the mind of American intellectuals .
They thought if they could convince American intellectuals of the nobility of the British war effort , then American intellectuals could succeed in driving the basically pacifist population of the United States , which did n’t want to have anything to do with European wars , rightly , into a fit of fanaticism and hysteria , which would get them to join the war .
Britain needed U.S. backing , so Britain had its Ministry of Information aimed primarily at American opinion and opinion leaders .
The Wilson administration reacted by setting up the first state propaganda agency here , called the Committee on Public Information .
It succeeded brilliantly , mainly with liberal American intellectuals , people of the John Dewey circle , who actually took pride in the fact that for the first time in history , according to their picture , a wartime fanaticism was created , and not by military leaders and politicians but by the more responsible , serious members of the community , namely , thoughtful intellectuals .
And they did organize a campaign of propaganda , which within a few months did succeed in turning a relatively pacifist population into raving anti-German fanatics who wanted to destroy everything German .
It reached the point where the Boston Symphony Orchestra could n’t play Bach .
The country was driven into hysteria .
The members of Wilson ’s propaganda agency included people like Edward Bernays , who became the guru of the public relations industry , and Walter Lippmann , the leading public intellectual of the 20th century , the most respected media figure .
They very explicitly drew from that experience .
If you look at their writings in the 1920s , they said , We have learned from this that you can control the public mind , you can control attitudes and opinions .
That ’s where Lippmann said , “ We can manufacture consent by the means of propaganda . ”
Bernays said , “ The more intelligent members of the community can drive the population into whatever they want ” by what he called “ engineering of consent . ”
It ’s the “ essence of democracy , ” he said .
It also led to the rise of the public relations industry .
It ’s interesting to look at the thinking in the 1920s , when it got started .
This was the period of Taylorism in industry , when workers were being trained to become robots , every motion controlled .
It created highly efficient industry , with human beings turned into automata .
The Bolsheviks were very impressed with it , too .
They tried to duplicate it .
In fact , they tried throughout the world .
But the thought - control experts realized that you could not only have what was called on - job control but also off - job control .
It ’s their phrase .
Control them off job by inducing a philosophy of futility , focusing people on the superficial things of life , like fashionable consumption , and basically get them out of our hair .
Let the people who are supposed to run the show do it without any interference from the mass of the population , who have no business in the public arena .
From that come enormous industries , ranging from advertising to universities , all committed very consciously to the conception that you must control attitudes and opinions because the people are just too dangerous .
It ’s particularly striking that it developed in the more democratic societies .
They tried to duplicate it in Germany and Bolshevik Russia and South Africa and elsewhere .
But it was always quite explicitly a mostly American model .
There is a good reason for that .
If you can control people by force , it ’s not so important to control what they think and feel .
But if you lose the capacity to control people by force , it becomes more necessary to control attitudes and opinions .
That brings us right up to the present .
By now the public is no longer willing to accept state propaganda agencies , so the Reagan Office of Public Diplomacy was declared illegal and had to go in roundabout ways .
What took over instead was private tyrannies , basically , corporate systems , which play the role of controlling opinion and attitudes , not taking orders from the government , but closely linked to it , of course .
That ’s our contemporary system .
Extremely self - conscious .
You do n’t have to speculate much about what they ’re doing because they ’re kind enough to tell you in industry publications and also in the academic literature .
So you go to , say , the 1930s , perhaps the founder of a good bit of modern political science .
A liberal Wilsonian , Harold Lasswell , in 1933 wrote an article called “ Propaganda ” in the Encyclopedia of Social Sciences , a major publication , in which the message was , “ We should not [ all of these are quotes , incidentally ] succumb to democratic dogmatisms about men being the best judges of their own interests . ”
They ’re not , we are .
And since people are too stupid and ignorant to understand their best interests , for their own benefit — because we ’re great humanitarians — we must marginalize and control them .
The best means is propaganda .
There is nothing negative about propaganda , he said .
It ’s as neutral as a pump handle .
You can use it for good or for evil .
And since we ’re noble , wonderful people , we ’ll use it for good , to ensure that the stupid , ignorant masses remain marginalized and separated from any decision - making capacity .
The Leninist doctrines are approximately the same .
There are very close similarities .
The Nazis also picked it up .
If you read Mein Kampf , Hitler was very impressed with Anglo - American propaganda .
He argued , not without reason , that that ’s what won World War I and vowed that next time around the Germans would be ready , too , and developed their own propaganda systems modeled on the democracies .
The Russians tried it , but it was too crude to be effective .
South Africa used it ; others , right up to the present .
But the real forefront is the United States , because it ’s the most free and democratic society , and it ’s just much more important to control attitudes and opinions .
You can read it in the New York Times .
They ran an interesting article about Karl Rove , the president ’s manager — basically his minder , the one who teaches him what to say and do .
It describes what Karl Rove is doing now .
He was not directly involved in the war planning , but neither was Bush .
This was in the hands of other people .
But his goal , he says , is to present the president as a powerful wartime leader , aimed at the next presidential election , so that the Republicans can push through their domestic agenda , which is what he concentrates on , which means tax cuts — they say for the economy , but they mean for the rich — tax cuts and other programs which he does n’t bother enumerating , but which are designed to benefit an extremely small sector of the ultra- wealthy and privileged and will have the effect of harming the mass of the population .
But more significant than that — it ’s not outlined in the article — is to try to destroy the institutional basis for social support systems , try to eliminate things like schools and Social Security and anything that is based on the conception that people have to have some concern for one another .
That ’s a horrible idea , which has to be driven out of people ’s minds .
The idea that you should have sympathy and solidarity , you should care whether the disabled widow across town is able to eat , that has to be driven out of people ’s minds .
Clearly , there is a huge gap on the Iraq war between U.S. public opinion and the rest of the world .
Do you attribute that to propaganda ?
There is just no question about it .
The campaign about Iraq took off last September .
This is so obvious it ’s even discussed in mainstream publications , like the chief political analyst for UPI , Martin Sieff , has a long article describing how it was done .
In September , which happened to be the opening of the midterm congressional campaign , that ’s when the drumbeat of wartime propaganda began .
It had a couple of constant themes .
One big lie was that Iraq was an imminent threat to the security of the United States .
We have got to stop them now or they ’re going to destroy us tomorrow .
The second big lie was that Iraq was behind September 11 .
Nobody says it straight out ; it ’s kind of insinuated .
Take a look at the polls .
They reflected the propaganda very directly .
The propaganda is distributed by the media .
They do n’t make it up , they just distribute it .
You can attribute it to high government officials or whatever you like .
But the campaign was reflected very quickly in the polls .
By September and since then , roughly 60 percent , oscillating around that , of the population believes that Iraq is a threat to our security .
Congress , if you look at the declaration of October , when they authorized the president to use force , said Iraq is a threat to the security of the United States .
By now about half the population , maybe more by now , believes that Iraq was responsible for September 11 , that Iraqis were on the planes , that they are planning new ones .
There is no one else in the world that believes any of this ; there is no country where Iraq is regarded as a threat to their security .
Kuwait and Iran , which were both invaded by Iraq , do n’t regard Iraq as a threat to their security .
Iraq is the weakest country in the region , and as a result of the sanctions , which have killed hundreds of thousands of people — about probably two - thirds of the population is on the edge of starvation — the country has the weakest economy and the weakest military force in the region .
Its economy and its military - force expenditures are about a third those of Kuwait , which has 10 percent of its population , and well below others .
Of course , everybody in the region knows that there is a superpower there , offshore U.S. military base , Israel , which has hundreds of nuclear weapons and massive armed forces and totally dominates anything .
But only in the United States is there fear or any of these beliefs .
You can trace the growth of the beliefs to the propaganda .
It ’s interesting that the United States is so susceptible to this .
There is a background , a cultural background , which is interesting .
But whatever the reasons are for it , the United States happens to be a very frightened country by comparative standards .
Levels of fear here of almost everything , crime , aliens , you pick it , are just off the spectrum .
You can argue , you can inquire into the reasons , but the background is there .
What is it that makes it susceptible to propaganda ?
That ’s a good question I do n’t say it ’s more susceptible to propaganda ; it ’s more susceptible to fear .
It ’s a frightened country .
The reasons for this — I do n’t , frankly , understand them , but they ’re there , and they go way back in American history .
It probably has to do with conquest of the continent , where you had to exterminate the native population ; slavery , where you had to control a population that was regarded as dangerous , because you never knew when they were going to turn on you .
It may just be a reflection of the enormous security .
The security of the United States is beyond anyone else .
The United States controls the hemisphere , it controls both oceans , it controls the opposite sides of both oceans , never been threatened .
The last time the U.S. was threatened was the War of 1812 .
Since then it just conquers others .
And somehow this engenders a sense that somebody is going to come after us .
So the country ends up being very frightened .
There is a reason why Karl Rove is the most important person in the administration .
He is the public relations expert in charge of crafting the images .
So you can drive through the domestic agendas , carry out the international policies by frightening people and creating the impression that a powerful leader is going to save you from imminent destruction .
The Times virtually says it because it ’s very hard to keep hidden .
It is second nature .
One of the new lexical constructions that I ’d like you to comment on is “ embedded journalists . ”
That ’s an interesting one .
It is interesting that journalists are willing to accept it .
No honest journalist would be willing to describe himself or herself as “ embedded . ”
To say “ I ’m an embedded journalist ” is to say “ I ’m a government propagandist . ”
But it ’s accepted .
And it helps implant the conception that anything we do is right and just ; so therefore , if you ’re embedded in an American unit , you ’re objective .
Actually , the same thing showed up , in some ways even more dramatically , in the Peter Arnett case .
Peter Arnett is an experienced , respected journalist with a lot of achievements to his credit .
He ’s hated here precisely for that reason .
The same reason Robert Fisk is hated .
Fisk being British , Arnett is originally from New Zealand .
Fisk is by far the most experienced and respected Middle East journalist .
He ’s been there forever , he ’s done excellent work , he knows the region , he ’s a terrific reporter .
He ’s despised here .
You barely ever see a word of his .
If he ’s mentioned , he ’s denounced somehow .
The reason is he ’s just too independent .
He wo n’t be an embedded journalist .
Peter Arnett is condemned because he gave an interview on Iraqi television .
Is anybody condemned for giving an interview on U.S. television ?
No , that ’s wonderful .
The attack on Afghanistan in October 2001 generated a couple of these interesting terms , and you ’ve commented on them .
One was the Operation Enduring Freedom and the other is “ unlawful combatant . ”
Truly an innovation in international jurisprudence .
It ’s an innovation since the post - war period .
After World War II there was a relatively new framework of international law established , including the Geneva Conventions .
And they do not permit any such concept as enemy combatant in the way it ’s used here .
You can have prisoners of war , but there is no new category .
Actually , it ’s an old category , pre-World War II , when you were allowed to do just about anything .
But under the Geneva conventions , which were established to criminalize formally the crimes of the Nazis , this was changed .
So prisoners of war are supposed to have special status .
The Bush administration , with the cooperation of the media and the courts , is going back to the pre-World War II period , when there was no serious framework of international law dealing with crimes against humanity and crimes of war and is declaring not only to carry out aggressive war , but also to classify people it bombs and captures as some new category who are entitled to no rights .
They have gone well beyond that .
The Administration has now claimed the right to take people here , including American citizens , to place them in confinement indefinitely without access to families and lawyers , and to keep them there with no charges until the president decides that the war against terror , or whatever he wants to call it , is over .
That ’s unheard of .
And it ’s been to some extent accepted by the courts .
And they ’re , in fact , going beyond the new , what ’s sometimes called PATRIOT 2 Act , which is so far not ratified .
It ’s inside the Justice Department , but it was leaked .
By now there are a couple of articles by law professors and others about it in the press .
It ’s astonishing .
They ’re claiming the right to remove citizenship , the fundamental right , if the Attorney General infers — they do n’t have to have any evidence — just infers that the person is involved somehow in actions that might be harmful to the United States .
You have to go back to totalitarian states to find anything like this .
An enemy combatant is one .
The treatment of people — what ’s going on in Guantanamo is a gross violation of the most elementary principles of international humanitarian law since World War II , that is , since these crimes were formally criminalized in reaction to the Nazis .
What do you make of British Prime Minister Tony Blair being quoted on “ Nightline ” on March 31 saying , “ This is not an invasion . ”
Tony Blair is a good propaganda agent for the United States :
He ’s articulate , sentences fall together , apparently people like the way he looks .
He ’s following a position that Britain has taken , self - consciously , since the end of World War II .
During World War II , Britain recognized — we have plenty of internal documents about it — what was obvious ; Britain had been the world - dominant power and it was not going to be after World War II — the U.S. was going to be .
Britain had to make a choice :
Is it going to be just another country , or is it going to be what they called a junior partner of the United States ?
It accepted the role of junior partner .
And that ’s what it ’s been since then .
Britain has been kicked in the face over and over again in the most disgraceful way and they sit there quietly and take it and say , “ Okay , we will be the junior partner .
We will bring to what ’s called the coalition our experience of centuries of brutalizing and murdering foreign people .
We ’re good at that . ”
That ’s the British role .
It ’s disgraceful .
Often at the talks you give , there is a question that ’s always asked , and that is , “ What should I do ? ”
This is what you hear in American audiences .
You ’re right , it ’s American audiences .
You never hear it in the Third World .
Why not ?
Because when you go to Turkey or Colombia or Brazil or somewhere else , they do n’t ask you , “ What should I do ? ”
They tell you what they ’re doing .
It ’s only in highly privileged cultures that people ask , “ What should I do ? ”
We have every option open to us .
None of the problems that are faced by intellectuals in Turkey or campesinos in Brazil or anything like that .
We can do anything .
But what people here are trained to believe is , we have to have something we can do that will be easy , that will work very fast , and then we can go back to our ordinary lives .
And it does n’t work that way .
You want to do something , you ’re going to have to be dedicated , committed , at it day after day .
You know exactly what it is : it ’s educational programs , it ’s organizing , it ’s activism .
That ’s the way things change .
You want something that ’s going to be a magic key that will enable you to go back to watching television tomorrow ?
It ’s not there .
You were an active and early dissident in the 1960s opposing U.S. intervention in Indochina .
You have now this perspective of what was going on then and what is going on now .
Describe how dissent has evolved in the United States .
Actually , there is another article in the New York Times that describes how the professors are antiwar activists , but the students are n’t .
Not like it used to be , when the students were antiwar activists .
What the reporter is talking about is that around 1970 — and it ’s true — by 1970 students were active antiwar protesters .
But that ’s after eight years of a U.S. war against South Vietnam , which by then had extended to all of Indochina , which had practically wiped the place out .
In the early years of the war — it was announced in 1962 — U.S. planes are bombing South Vietnam , napalm was authorized , chemical warfare to destroy food crops , and programs to drive millions of people into “ strategic hamlets , ” which are essentially concentration camps .
All public .
No protest .
Impossible to get anybody to talk about it .
For years , even in a place like Boston , a liberal city , you could n’t have public meetings against the war because they would be broken up by students , with the support of the media .
You would have to have hundreds of state police around to allow the speakers like me to escape unscathed .
The protests came after years and years of war .
By then , hundreds of thousands of people had been killed , much of Vietnam had been destroyed .
Then you started getting protests .
But all of that is wiped out of history , because it tells too much of the truth .
It involved years and years of hard work of plenty of people , mostly young , which finally ended up getting a protest movement .
Now it ’s far beyond that .
But the New York Times reporter ca n’t understand that .
I ’m sure the reporter is being very honest .
The reporter is saying exactly what I think she was taught — that there was a huge antiwar movement because the actual history has to be wiped out of people ’s consciousness .
You ca n’t learn that dedicated , committed effort can bring about significant changes of consciousness and understanding .
That ’s a very dangerous thought to allow people to have .
Sunshine Cleaning , which was written and directed by women and features Emily Blunt and Amy Adams , did so well in limited release this weekend that it will open in more locations across the country .
Advertisement
The film played in only four theaters in New York and Los Angeles this weekend , but with its $ 54,000 per screen average it has the highest per screen gross of a limited or wide release film this year .
In the coming weeks more theaters will begin showing the movie in New York and Los Angeles and the film will expand to theaters across the nation .
[ Women & Hollywood ]
Earlier : Sunshine Cleaning Dusts Off Indie Movie Cliches
A seabed mapping expedition in the Arctic region has returned evidence that suggests Denmark has a strong claim to the North Pole thanks to its continued sovereignty over Greenland , whose Home Rule does not entirely remove it from the Danish kingdom .
At present , no nation has sovereign rights over the North Pole , even though many covet the idea now that the Arctic appears to be warming up .
Canadian scientist Ron McNab , who is retired from the Geological Survey of Canada , told CBC News the seabed mapping currently being done by Canada , Denmark and the US indicates that Denmark has the strongest case to claim the potential wealth of minerals , gas and oil under the Arctic seabed .
“ Preliminary work has shown – and this is , again , very preliminary – that Denmark would actually have the strongest claim to encompass the North Pole within its region , ” said McNab .
The Copenhagen Post reports that Norway , Russia , Canada and the US are each conducting their own mapping projects in the hope of laying claim to coastal areas in the Arctic under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea .
There ’s plenty of incentive to own the rights to the Arctic seabed .
An American report estimates there could be as much as 90 billion barrels of oil tucked beneath the ocean floor .
Russia has been making the boldest strides so far , planting a flag on the seabed directly under the North Pole in 2007 to strengthen its position .
A new study finds each person has an optimal running pace that uses the least amount of oxygen to cover a given distance .
Image
Most regular runners can tell you when they reach that perfect equilibrium of speed and comfort .
The legs are loose , the heart is pumping and it feels like you could run at this pace forever .
Researchers at the University of Wisconsin - Madison now have an explanation for this state of running nirvana , and we can thank our ancestors and some evolutionary biology for it .
For years , it has been thought that humans have a constant metabolic energy rate .
It was assumed that you would require the same total energy to run one mile , no matter if you ran it in 5 minutes or 10 minutes .
Even though your energy burn rate would be higher at faster speeds , you would get there in half the time .
Turns out , however , that each person has an optimal running pace that uses the least amount of oxygen to cover a given distance .
The findings , by Karen Steudel , a zoology professor at Wisconsin , and Cara Wall - Scheffler of Seattle Pacific University , are detailed in latest online edition of the Journal of Human Evolution .
{{ video = " 04_Sports " title= " Sports in Slow Motion " caption = " Balls , skateboards , and some violent sporting mechanisms ... At Colorado State , Dr. David G. Alciatore dissects each second up to 10,000x , revealing surprising processes and effects .
Credit : Dr. David G. Alciatore / Colorado State University " }}
Steudel 's team tested both male and female runners at six different speeds on a treadmill while measuring their oxygen intake and carbon dioxide output .
As expected , each runner had different levels of fitness and oxygen use but there were ideal speeds for each runner that required the least amount of energy .
Overall , the optimal speeds for the group were about 8.3 mph ( about a 7:13 minutes per mile ) for males and 6.5 mph ( 9:08 min/mile ) for females .
The most interesting finding :
At slower speeds , about 4.5 mph ( 13 min/ mile ) , the metabolic efficiency was at its lowest .
Steudel explains that at this speed , halfway between a walk and a jog , the runner 's gait can be awkward and unnatural .
" What that means is that there is an optimal speed that will get you there the cheapest , " Steudel says .
So , why is a zoology professor studying running efficiency ?
Steudel 's previous work has tried to build a theory of why our early ancestors evolved from moving on four limbs to two limbs , also known as bipedalism .
She has found that human walking is a more efficient method of getting from point A to point B than on all fours .
It might also have been an advantage for hunting .
This latest research could offer some more clues of how we moved on to running .
Steudel explains , " This is a piece in the question of whether walking or running was more important in the evolution of the body form of the genus Homo . "
Dan Peterson writes about sports science at his site Sports Are 80 Percent Mental .
Six bonobos , a species of chimpanzee , have died from a flu epidemic in a month at the Lola Ya Bonobo in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) .
Ten more have contracted the flu .
“ There is no fever .
Antibiotics do n’t do anything .
The bonobos have severe respiratory infections and then they ca n’t breath for 3 days then they die , ” writes a staff member on the sanctuary ’s blog through the conservation organization WildlifeDirect .
The staff of Lola Ya Bonobo have sent out a plea for help and donations , as the flu continues to sweep through their center .
Infant bonodo Kindu died of the flu .
Photo courtesy of WildlifeDirect and Lola Ya Bonobo .
Located in sixty acres of forest , the Lola Ya Bonobo sanctuary is a place for bonobos who have been confiscated by police following attempts to sell them to pet markets in the US , Europe , or Middle East .
The sanctuary provides rehabilitation for the bonobos and educates the local populace about the apes in an effort to curb hunting bush meat , one of the major threats to bonobos and apes across Africa .
The center eventually hopes to reintroduce some of the bonobos back into the wild .
Bonobos are smaller than Common chimpanzees .
They also sport pink lips and a black face .
Behaviorally , bonobos are quite different from common chimpanzees .
Whereas common chimpanzees live in patriarchal groups , bonobo groups are dominated by females .
They are less violent than chimpanzees and do not engage in warfare like common chimpanzees .
In addition , bonobos are famous for their sexual openness , including using sexual activity as a greeting and a way of mitigating conflict .
Bonobos are listed as endangered by IUCN ’s Red List .
Only found in the DRC estimates of their population vary widely , from 5,000 to 50,000 individuals .
Bonobos are threatened by habitat loss , deforestation , the pet trade , the bushmeat market , and even for use in witchcraft .
For WildlifeDirect Conservation Organization : http://wildlifedirect.org/
Lola Ya Bonobo blog : http://lolayabonobo.wildlifedirect.org/
For Lola Ya Bonobo sanctuary website : http://www.friendsofbonobos.org
Related articles
Dedicated rock - throwing chimp proves longterm planning
( 03/10/2009 )
Biologists have suspected for a long time that animals other than humans are capable of making plans for future events , but it has proven difficult to show conclusively .
However , a new study in Current Biology claims the first unambiguous evidence of an animal premeditating .
Mathias Osvath of Lund University in Sweden has spent a decade observing a male chimpanzee in a zoo collecting stones , making them into concrete discs , and then throwing them at zoo visitors .
Côte d'Ivoire 's endangered chimp population falls 99 % since 1960
( 10/14/2008 )
The population of West African chimpanzees living in Côte d'Ivoire has collapsed due to hunting and forest destruction , report scientists writing in the October 14th issue of Current Biology .
Rwanda launches reforestation project to protect chimps , drive ecotourism
( 03/17/2008 )
conservationists in Rwanda have launched an ambitious reforestation project that aims to create a forest corridor to link an isolated group of chimpanzees to larger areas of habitat in Nyungwe National Park .
The initiative , called the Rwandan National conservation Park , is backed by the Rwandan government , the Great Ape Trust of Iowa , and Earthpark , a group seeking to build an indoor rainforest in the U.S. Midwest .
Dirt - munching helps protect chimps from malaria
( 01/10/2008 )
Soil ingestion helps chimps protect themselves from malaria , reports a new study published in the journal Naturwissenschaften .
Apparently geophagy , as the deliberate behvaior is known , increases the potency of ingested plants with anti-malarial properties .
Rainforest Reserve Established in DR Congo to save bonobo
( 11/19/2007 )
The government of the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) has announced the creation of a 11,803 - square mile rainforest reserve to protect the habitat of the endangered bonobo , the so - called “ peaceful chimp ” .
The reserve is located in the Sankuru region , an area that experienced extensive fighting during the long - running civil war in the Congo .
Researchers head to Congo to study Bonobo psychology
( 09/05/2007 )
Researchers have gone to the Democratic Republic of Congo to study the social behvaior of bonobos — a close relative of the chimpanzee — in the Lola ya Bonobo Sanctuary in Kinshasa .
What happens when you bring a new dog into the house and it makes a mess on your rug or bites you on the leg .
The first thing you do is take a rolled up newspaper and thwack it on the nose .
Then you say firmly , " Bad Dog .
" When it comes to Muslim violence however the West has long ago not only stopped thwacking Muslims on the nose with a newspaper , but does n't even bother to say , " Bad Dog " anymore .
What if the dog bit one of your kids hard enough to require stitches , and instead of getting rid of it , you instead blamed your own family for not working hard enough to make the dog feel accepted .
So while the blood is still running down your kid's leg , you thwack him on the nose , and pet the dog on the head while saying , " Good Dog .
" Sure at some point the state might step in , but the problem is that the dog is 1.5 billion Muslims , and you are the state .
Europe is slowly coming around to the idea that Islam must be housebroken , even as America continues insisting that Islam is just great except for a few extremists somewhere who would n't have any influence , if we just appeased Muslims more .
But Europe 's idea of housebreaking still misses the point .
Evicting a few Imams and banning religious clothing from schools certainly wo n't housebreak Islam .
It 's the impotent behavior of people who are too afraid to deal with the threat and can't even name the problem .
About the only countries who thwack Islam on the nose anymore are America and Israel , and they do it all too lightly , and hardly say " Bad Dog " anymore .
No wonder the house is full of crap , the kids need tetanus shots and the " dog " is running the house .
Nation building ventures have made a dog's dinner of what should have been a simple newspaper thwacking that would have left major holes in the countries that sponsored terrorism .
Instead we did the equivalent of trying to build obedience schools , which we had to let the dogs themselves run in the end , while agreeing to try any trainers who thwack too hard in court .
No wonder the dogs again wound up having the run of the house .
It 's common sense that you can't share a house , a neighborhood or a country with a rabid dog .
Either the dog goes , or you do .
Between being unable to deliver a simple thwack and birth rate statistics biased toward the four footed clan , it does n't take a genius to figure out which was this is headed .
You either throw the dogs out , housebreak them or learn to live like a dog .
As the riots , murders , gang rapes and bombings across Europe show , a lot of people would rather learn to live like dogs , than stand up to the pack .
But that kind of whipped cur attitude is n't limited to Europe .
Bush has spent the twilight days of his presidency apologizing for saying " Bad Dog " once too often , after 3000 of his countrymen were brutally murdered .
In Israel , as in much of Europe , pointing out that Arab Muslims and terrorism have a propensity to go together is a criminal offense .
Not only can't our governments say " Bad Dog " anymore , even civilians are n't allowed to say it on a freelance basis , let alone deliver a good solid thwack to the nose of the mangy curs .
Forget about housebreaking Islam , the way things are going Islam is housebreaking us .
While Europe has gone to the dogs out of fear of the Hounds of Islam , it 's worth remembering that old fictional English detective , Sherlock Holmes , and the Hound of the Baskervilles .
Holmes investigates a suspicious death supposedly caused by a mysterious haunted creature , the Hound of the Baskervilles .
The official verdict is that the Hound does not even exist .
Many believe that it exists and is a spectral monster that can not be stopped .
Holmes however shoots the dog and discovers that it is no unstoppable fiend , only a large dog covered in phosphorus .
Islam is not unstoppable .
It is not a supernatural unkillable force .
It is a large vicious dog covered in phosphorus , glowing in the dark , and terrifying those who might resist its rampage .
When you shoot the dog however you discover that it is mortal , and in the process you discover your own strength , and the dog learns once more than men and women are its masters to be obeyed .
Because if dogs will not submit to men , then men will be forced to submit to dogs .
If there ’s a world recession in progress , then someone forgot to tell Carlsberg about it .
While many companies are slashing prices , the Danish brewer has unveiled the world ’s most expensive beer .
Priced at 2008DKK ( approx USD$ 350 ) , the Jacobsen Vintage No. 1 is a limited edition brew for any beer drinkers who still feel like splashing out .
The beer is a 10.5 % ABV Barley wine and is mostly targeted at up - scale restaurants in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Perhaps Carlsberg have hit upon the hard - up financial sector workers who can no longer spend $ 3000 on a bottle of champagne , but will happily downgrade to a $ 350 bottle of beer .
Beer is usually one of the products that sees an increase in sales during economic recessions ; it ’s not known if this behavior is limited to low - priced beers or all categories .
Just 600 bottles of the Jacobsen Vintage No. 1 have been brewed , so only the lucky / rich few will have a chance to enjoy it .
Cast your mind back to the affluent days of the mid-2000s and read on for more details on this unique product …
What does it taste like ?
According to Carlsberg , the beer undergoes an intensive , meticulous brewing process , resulting in a unique flavor :
The beer has flavours of vanilla , smoke , caramel and port from maturing on Swedish or French Cote dór oak casks .
The bitterness is soft and intriguing .
Once you ’ve savored the taste of this beer , there ’s an added bonus of the label to admire .
It ’s a custom print by Danish artist Frans Kannik , depicting fables of Sif ( who was married to the Nordic god Thor ) .
If you ’re very careful when peeling the label off , you could frame it and you ’ll have an instant , limited edition artwork for your wall .
What ’s it worth ?
Before you rush out and place an order on this limited edition beer , we thought you might like to know what else you could spend you money on .
1 bottle of Jacobsen Vintage No. 1 is the same price as …
480 cans of Bud Light
280 bottles of Sam Adams
233 bottles of Leffe
13 shares in the Carlsberg Group on the Danish stock exchange
1 night ’s accommodation in the SAS Royal Hotel Copenhagen plus 2 pints of Carlsberg beer on draft
Would you spend $ 350 on a bottle of beer ?
What beer are you spending your money on during the recession ?
If you manage to sample the Jacobsen Vintage No. 1 , please leave a comment and let us know if it was worth the price !
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Call it a sign of the times .
A new national poll indicates that when it comes to dealing with the economy , Americans have more confidence in the White House and Congress than Wall Street , the banks or auto executives .
A new poll says Americans trust the government more than Wall Street to deal with the economy .
And that may be one reason why a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey released Monday suggests the public opposes plans to provide more taxpayer dollars to banks and major domestic automakers .
Thirty percent of those questioned said they 're confident Wall Street will make the right decisions to help the country overcome the current recession .
Slightly fewer -- 28 percent -- said they had such confidence in bankers and financial executives .
And 26 percent said they 're confident that auto executives will make the right economic decisions .
But 53 percent of those questioned said they have confidence in Republicans in Congress making the right calls regarding the economy .
About 66 percent said they have confidence Democrats , who control Congress , will make the right economic decisions .
And 75 percent said they think President Barack Obama will make the right moves when it comes dealing with the recession .
" You know times are tough when Republicans have more confidence in a Democratic president than they do in bankers or Wall Street investors , but that 's what the poll is showing now , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland .
" Among Republicans , 37 percent say they are confident in Obama 's ability to make the right economic decisions , but only 31 percent of Republicans feel that way about Wall Street . "
" Labor union leaders do n't fare badly either , " said Bill Schneider , CNN senior political analyst .
" Nearly half the public has confidence in them .
But Wall Street investors ?
Bankers and financial executives ?
Auto company executives ?
No more than 30 percent have confidence in them .
" Right now , Americans trust political leaders more than business leaders .
That 's new and it has consequences . "
Presidential Address Join the Best Political Team on TV as President Obama makes his first address to Congress .
Tuesday , 9 p.m. ET on CNN see full schedule »
The poll suggests those consequences .
Only 37 percent of those questioned in the survey favored more government aid for the ailing domestic automakers .
Two of the major U.S. auto companies have asked the federal government for several billion dollars in assistance -- money the companies say they may need to stay out of bankruptcy .
When it comes to taxpayer dollars to help the banks and other financial institutions , just 36 percent favored providing the remaining $ 350 billion of the $ 700 billion that Congress allocated to assist them , with 62 percent opposed .
" Business scandals [ are ] everywhere , " Schneider said .
" Alleged multibillion - dollar swindlers Bernie Madoff and Robert Allen Stanford ; ...
Swiss banks helping Americans hide their money ; ... huge bonuses for Wall Street executives :
Does the public expect those people to bail the country out ?
Well , no . "
But what about homeowners who can't pay their mortgages ?
" Government programs to help ordinary Americans are much more popular , " Holland said .
" Six in 10 favor federal assistance to homeowners facing foreclosure . "
Schneider added : " They 're generally seen as ordinary people who made bad financial decisions .
The majority says they deserve government help . "
The poll also asked about a program that would increase the federal government 's influence over the country 's health - care system in hopes of lowering costs and proving health - care coverage to more Americans .
" The last time the government tried that , back in 1994 , it did n't work .
The health - care business put up fierce resistance , " Schneider said .
But , Holland noted , " more than 7 in 10 [ in the current poll ] say that they would favor a proposal that would increase the government 's influence over the health - care system in an attempt to reduce costs and expand coverage . "
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted Wednesday and Thursday , after the president signed the $ 787 billion stimulus package into law , with 1,046 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
All About Barack Obama • Democratic Party • Republican Party • National Economy
Apparently as one of the few independent international environmental journalists I ’m a rare beast worthy of public curiosity .
In the past year I ’ve been asked to do a number of talks at various conferences , colleges and universities in a number of countries and a growing number of media interviews .
Here ’s my 15 min radio interview on the well - informed Radio EcoShock — talk about hard questions on big issues of our time .
( @ 19:00 min )
Vancouver ’s wonderful RADIO ECOSHOCK is the best environmental radio / podcast programs on the planet .
One hour each week of new , innovative and intelligent information with a wry sense of humor by host Alex Smith .
Check out his blog for even more .
Get links to my latest articles once a week .
This week ’s EcoShock program : PROGRESS AND DENIAL
Climate change is not about politics or negotiations , but inevitable physics and science .
Latest speeches by Bill McKibben and Van Jones .
A look at twisted climate deniers John Coleman and Michael Savage .
Interview with indy enviro journalist Stephan Leahy .
Humour from Craig Mayhem
44.109380 -79.120461
NEW YORK --
Not only did the New York Rangers seek to change the message behind the bench , but the way it was delivered , too .
That left mild - mannered coach Tom Renney out of a job on Monday and blustery John Tortorella en route to a starring role on Broadway .
Renney was fired by Rangers general manager Glen Sather after he failed to turn around a once - promising season that suddenly spiraled out of control .
New York is stuck in a skid that produced 10 losses in 12 games ( 2 - 7 - 3 ) .
With only 21 games left in the regular season , Sather could n't wait any longer to try to save it .
The Rangers started 10 - 2 - 1 and were in first place for much of the first half of the season .
Now their hold on a playoff spot in tenuous .
" We had lost our zip at some point , " Sather said .
" We were a fast , puck - possessive hockey club that was determined and worked very hard and moved the puck well .
We 've gotten away from that and that 's why we made the change . "
The Rangers ( 31 - 23 - 7 ) entered Monday in a fifth - place tie in the Eastern Conference , only two points above ninth - place Carolina .
Renney 's calm , optimistic tones no longer worked , so Sather turned to Tortorella , the coach of the 2004 Stanley Cup champion Tampa Bay Lightning , who leads with an iron fist .
Tortorella was an assistant with the Rangers , and briefly served as interim head coach , going 0 - 4 at the end of the 1999 - 2000 season , before getting his shot with the Lightning .
It did n't take long for him to hammer out a multiyear contract with the Rangers .
" Torts is certainly a lot more fiery and a lot different in his approach to the game and the players , " Sather said .
" He 's going to bring that fiery attitude , and a lot of the games we seemed to be missing it . "
Tortorella was let go by Tampa Bay following last season , and the Rangers were not required to provide compensation .
In 6 ½ seasons , Tortorella posted a mark of 239-222-36-38 .
Renney , a former coach of the Vancouver Canucks , was 164- 121 - 42 with the Rangers in four - plus seasons and ranks fourth on the team 's career wins and games coached lists .
Assistant coach Perry Pearn was also fired , but fellow assistant Mike Pelino was retained along with goalie coach Benoit Allaire , the Rangers said .
Jim Schoenfeld , the team 's assistant general manager , will also serve as an interim coach .
Sather said Tortorella was n't the only candidate he spoke to Monday .
Reached by ESPN.com via text message Monday night , Tortorella said he was " hopping on a plane " and did n't have time to talk .
He 's expected to meet the media in New York and conduct practice Tuesday morning .
" It 's a great opportunity for him , " said Dave Andreychuk , the now - retired captain of the Lightning 's championship team .
" It 's a perfect scenario with the talent they have there , the leadership they have , I think it 's going to be a good fit .
" He will make everybody accountable .
It 's brutally ugly at times , but it 's also the right cause . "
Editor 's Note : James Carville , a Democratic strategist who serves as a political contributor for CNN , was the Clinton - Gore campaign manager in 1992 and political adviser to President Clinton .
He is active in Democratic politics and a party fundraiser .
James Carville says Rush Limbaugh 's new bipartisan strategy could have served the country well in 2000 .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
On Thursday , Rush Limbaugh , the moral and intellectual leader and most influential person in the Republican Party in the United States , wrote in the august op - ed pages of The Wall Street Journal , the acknowledged epicenter of right - wing thought , that President Obama should adopt a bipartisan solution to address the president 's economic stimulus plan -- or as Limbaugh refers to it , " porkulus . "
Limbaugh proposes that because the Democrats got roughly 54 percent of the votes to the Republicans ' 46 percent , the stimulus package should be allocated along his definition of ideological lines , i.e. 54 percent towards infrastructure improvement and 46 percent toward tax breaks for Limbaugh and his friends .
He writes , " Fifty - three percent of American voters voted for Barack Obama ; 46 % voted for John McCain , and 1 % voted for wackos .
Give that 1 % to President Obama .
Let 's say the vote was 54 % to 46 % .
" As a way to bring the country together and at the same time determine the most effective way to deal with recessions , under the Obama - Limbaugh Stimulus Plan of 2009 : 54 % of the $ 900 billion -- $ 486 billion -- will be spent on infrastructure and pork as defined by Mr. Obama and the Democrats ; 46 % -- $ 414 billion -- will be directed toward tax cuts , as determined by me . "
And he is serious .
However much one may disagree with the current " daddy " of all Republicans ( Beg to differ ?
See Rep. Phil Gingrey , who apologized last week for doubting Rush ) , you have to admire El Rushbo 's principled stance and his well - known consistent ideology .
Why surely it seems like just yesterday that Al Gore won the national popular vote in 2000 ( and arguably won the popular vote in Florida too ) .
Limbaugh must have called for the incoming Bush administration to allocate ideas based on the proportion of election returns .
I 'm sure President Bush and the Republicans in Congress graciously accepted their 49.5 percent share of everything .
( Note : We would be much better off right now had this actually happened . )
With 50 percent of the federal government during President Bush 's term , Democrats might have reduced the deficit ( a truly Clintonista idea ) .
Wall Street might have been more heavily regulated and K Street 's lobbyists might not have been running the Capitol .
Democrats might have invested money into infrastructure improvements so that bridges did n't collapse or entire cities flood .
We would n't have spent $ 350 million per day in Iraq .
Heck , had Democrats been able to control 50 percent of the government from 2000 to 2004 , we would n't have even gone into Iraq in the first place .
There might have been more spending on education and a fully funded No Child Left Behind Act .
It is a remarkable time in American politics when a respected ideologue like Limbaugh can take to a hyperpartisan place like the pages of The Wall Street Journal , and deliver such a consistent message .
We Democrats should congratulate Rush on the purity , intellectual integrity , and consistency of his positions .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville .
All About Barack Obama • Rush Limbaugh • Al Gore
Videogum senior editor Gabe Delahaye writes ,
If you were able to make it to the Gummy Awards on Monday night , then you saw our tribute to the best viral videos of the year .
Now , this is comprehensive but in no way complete , because that would be exhausting .
So there were plenty of great videos out there that did n't make it into this montage .
But even without Drunk History or the Zach Galafianakis Absolut Vodka Ads , without Baby Preacher , Lil' Bill O'Reilly , or the kids rapping about the election to T.I. 's " Whatever You Like , " and probably a dozen other honorable mentions , I feel confident that you will still find this to be a captivating , thorough , and most of all HEARTBREAKING tribute to this year in internet .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , March 24 , 2009 Tuesday , March 24 , 2009
The uproar that ensued as a result of our original story about a document issued by the Missouri Information Analysis Center which smeared third party supporters as potential domestic terrorists has forced the Missouri Department of Public Safety to issue an apology to Ron Paul , Chuck Baldwin and Bob Barr .
However , references to people who are anti-abortion , anti-gun control , knowledgeable about the Constitution and even those who simply display political bumper stickers will remain .
As we revealed in our exclusive report two weeks ago , a leaked secret report distributed by the federal Missouri Information Analysis Center lists Ron Paul supporters , libertarians , people who display bumper stickers , people who own gold , or even people who fly a U.S. flag and equates them with radical race hate groups and terrorists .
The MIAC report specifically describes supporters of presidential candidates Ron Paul , Chuck Baldwin , and Bob Barr as “ militia ” influenced terrorists and instructs the Missouri police to be on the lookout for supporters displaying bumper stickers and other paraphernalia associated with the Constitutional , Campaign for Liberty , and Libertarian parties .
The MIAC report ( PDF ) does not concentrate on Muslim terrorists , but rather on the so - called “ militia movement ” and conflates it with supporters of Ron Paul , Chuck Baldwin , Bob Barr , the so - called patriot movement and other political activist organizations opposed to the North American Union and the New World Order .
Even after an uproar ensued as a result of widespread media coverage of the report , Missouri Governor Jay Nixon had the temerity to stand behind the document despite its blatantly erroneous content and blasé defamation .
[ efoods ]
However , days after Paul , Baldwin and Barr signed a joint letter demanding that references to themselves and their affiliated political groups be removed from the report , along with a hint of legal action if this did n’t occur , the Missouri Department of Public Safety has issued a formal apology .
“ Portions of that report may be easily construed by readers as offensive to supporters of certain political candidates or to those candidates themselves , ” Department of Public Safety Director John Britt wrote in his apology letter ( PDF ) to Paul , Barr and Baldwin .
“ I regret that those comments were ultimately included in the final report issued by the MIAC . ”
“ Unfortunately , in the course of preparing this report , some regrettable information was included in the report on militia groups in Missouri , ” Britt wrote .
“ While the intent of the report was only to identify certain traits that are sometimes shared by members of militia organizations , this report is too easily misinterpreted as suggesting that militia members may be identified by no other indicator than support for a particular candidate or political organization . ”
“ I have ordered that the offending report be edited to excise all reference to Ron Paul , Bob Barr or Chuck Baldwin , ” the letter concludes , without a promise to retract the report altogether , much to the chagrin of the multitude of other banal groups demonized as potential domestic terrorists .
Missourians United For Life , an anti-abortion group , has filed a complaint with the American Civil Liberties Union against Governor Nixon following his public support of the document .
“ What Governor Nixon is telling Missourians is if you disagree with him on the issue of life or display a pro-life bumper sticker or wear a pro-life pin , you may subjected to action by state law enforcement or your personal information might be sent to a law enforcement analysis center , ” said Ed Martin , President of Missourians United for Life .
“ This is a clear violation of Missourians civil rights .
The only intent of such a report by Nixon ’s Administration is to harass and intimidate the governor ’s perceived political enemies and chill speech and open debate by those who disagree with Jay Nixon on public policy . ”
State Rep. Shane Schoeller of Willard added his criticism to the furore , stating , “ I do n’t want to evolve into a society where people are watched just because they ’re out participating in some freedom of speech activity . ”
The fact that the bulk of the report , which equates pro-life groups , political activists and people knowledgeable about the Constitution with domestic terrorists like Timothy McVeigh and Eric Rudolph , will not be redacted , proves that the battle is not over .
Outrage over the wholesale defamation of some of the most patriotic and informed groups of American citizens and attempts to educate police that they should be treated as an “ enemy ” should not subside just because the state has issued a meek apology to Paul , Barr and Baldwin alone .
The entire report needs to be repudiated in order to create a precedent that educating police with this kind of garbage is an insult to the very oath that they swore by in the first place .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Smugglers continue to construct tunnels beneath U.S. borders to transport drugs , illegal aliens and other contraband , according to an internal briefing prepared by a U.S. Northern Command Task Force .
Dozens of tunnels have been found in recent years , including some of remarkable sophistication , but it is likely that others remain undetected .
Overall , between 1990 and November 2008 , 93 cross - border tunnels were discovered , a Task Force briefing slide stated ( pdf ) .
Thirty - five of those were in California , fifty - seven in Arizona , and one in Washington State .
Some of the tunnels are primitive , “ hand dug ” affairs .
Others are the product of surprisingly ambitious and complex engineering projects .
In one extraordinary case in 2006 ( pdf ) , a tunnel was discovered near Otay Mesa in California that began with a 90 - foot deep vertical shaft on the Mexican side that gradually ascended to an exit point in California more than half a mile north .
Seven feet in height , electrical power and ventilation were provided throughout the tunnel .
“ This tunnel was the longest yet found under the U.S. border , ” the new briefing indicated .
The Task Force briefing , which has not been approved for public release , was inadvertently posted on the Internet by U.S. Northern Command before being withdrawn last week .
A summary slide from the briefing on “ Tunnels Since 1990 ” is here .
A descriptive tabulation of tunnels that were discovered between 2005 and early 2008 ( based on data from the Department of Homeland Security ) is available here .
At least six new tunnels were discovered in the first quarter of FY 2009 , the Department of Homeland Security reported last December .
“ The proliferation of tunnels dug underneath the border ” may be “ another unintended consequence of the border fencing ” that has been erected along portions of the U.S. - Mexico border since 1990 , a Congressional Research Service report ( pdf ) suggested last year .
Last week InsideDefense.com reported that the same Northern Command Task Force briefing was critical of Canadian immigration policies , which it said were too hospitable to potential terrorists .
See “ DOD Officials See Terrorist Threat to America Brewing in Canada ” by Sebastian Sprenger , March 20 .
dat is NAWT wat i sed or hao i sed it !
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Humor is a powerful communications tool with potential political implications at various levels of society , as the recent Danish political cartoon representations of Islamic prophet Mohammad and the political repercussions and resulting economic boycotts demonstrated .
A new paper by Darren Purcell , Melissa Scott Brown and Mahmut Gokmen looks at humor as an important form of popular culture in the creation of geopolitical worldviews .
The authors use ' disposition theory ' – a framework that allows them to understand who will regard which content as funny , and how derisive humor can be seen as amusing – to examine particular types of humor in texts which reflect society 's concerns , developments and relationships , and by extension , the geopolitical implications of these texts .
With an emphasis on social context , the theory suggests that the appreciation of humor is dependent , in part , on whether one holds a positive or negative attitude , or disposition , toward the object of humor .
The researchers analyze two stand - up comedy routines performed by American ventriloquist Jeff Dunham .
The skits center on the character of Achmed the Dead Terrorist , an unsuccessful suicide bomber .
The humor plays on anti-Arab / Muslim sentiment .
Dunham uses his audiences ' disposition towards terrorists to get laughs , while at the same time challenging his audience members to look at their own views of terrorism , Islam , and American efforts in Iraq .
Purcell and colleagues show that disposition theory is useful to help place humor as a fluid , global phenomenon shared through various social networks via the Internet .
Thanks to new communication technologies including YouTube.com , audiences around the world are engaged and can participate .
The technology takes participants seriously by providing a point of entry where they can put forward their views of the world .
This amplifies the potential impact of any geopolitical text .
They conclude that " the diffusion of humor with geopolitical content to a global viewing audience , via personal networks spanning multiple scales , forces us to consider the role of individuals ( via forwarding and dissemination ) as producers and reproducers of geopolitical codes and active participants in constructing enemies and threats , even in the guise of a two - foot tall puppet .
" Article : Darren Purcell , Melissa Scott Brown , Mahmut Gokmen , ' Achmed the dead terrorist and humor in popular geopolitics ' , GeoJournal ; DOI 10.1007/ s10708-009-9258-9
Sam The Photon : The Journey Begins
Almost unimaginably far away , there is a 2 billion year old yellow - white star .
This is the birthplace of Sam .
Sam is a photon .
Luckily our friend is not alone on her journey .
She is joined by many photons , most of which too were born from her home star .
But they are not all alike ...
And some others ...
Her home quickly shrinks behind her , and after a few days , it is nearly another star in the sky .
Days turn into years , years into decades , and decades into centuries .
Her home has long been out of sight .
Stars have slowly changed positions over the years .
Nearby stars appear in the distance before lazily drifting by , and eventually disappear into the black .
Constellations change .
Sam should have appreciated her home more when it was still visible , but she was young , and it was just a few years out of ten thousand .
She has little chance of ever seeing another star up close .
Every few years a new star will appear up ahead , and she has hope that perhaps it will pass nearby .
Yet like all the other stars that came before , it drifts to one side , and passes her by .
It is a dull life .
The Portland City Council is set to discuss Commissioner Randy Leonard 's proposal to condemn the famous " Made in Oregon " sign atop the White Stag building at the west end of the Burnside Bridge .
Leonard 's office posted this rendition of the sign on the commissioner 's blog today .
The use of eminent domain law is Leonard 's response to an ongoing battle with the University of Oregon President David Frohnmayer over what words will grace the historic neon sign topped by a white deer .
The university has a lease on the historic White Stag building at 5 N.W. Naito Parkway and is renovating the building for a Portland campus .
It has applied to the city Historic Landmarks Commission to change the words on the sign to " University of Oregon . "
The university has a lease - purchase option for the sign with the owner , Ramsey Signs of Portland .
Frohnmayer has been out of the country and unavailable for comment and other officials at the university have not returned calls .
Leonard has said changing the sign from a neutral Portland - oriented message " seriously degrades the value of the icon " and " commandeers it for the narrow purpose of institutional self - indulgence . "
He also said officials at Portland State University are offended that the Eugene - based school has come to Portland to " stake a claim " to the sign .
Leonard has the support of Mayor Sam Adams and Commissioner Nick Fish .
City Attorney Linda Meng has said the use of condemnation is justified if it 's being done for a public purpose .
Commissioner Dan Saltzman blasted the idea in the Portland Tribune , agreeing with Monday 's Oregonian editorial that having the city take the sign to protect it amounted to " bullying " the university .
In her blog , Commissioner Amanda Fritz said that spending the $ 500,000 to buy the sign would be a waste of money and might be illegal .
Prepare for a heated debate tomorrow .
And a side note : Adams will be absent .
He 's in Washington at the U.S. Conference of Mayors ' education forum .
But the council wo n't vote on Leonard 's ordinance until April 8 .
-- Mark Larabee : 503-294-7664 ; marklarabee@news.oregonian.com
Drummer on the corner of Yonge and Dundas in another Toronto snowy day .
Plenty of us worry about the environmental impact of our dish soap and morning coffee , so why should n’t that concern extend to the bedroom ?
A few sex - minded companies , at least , think it should .
A European company called French Letter Condoms has revolted against synthetic latex made in developing countries with poor work conditions , and instead uses “ Fair Trade ” latex from organic farms in India and Sri Lanka .
Each packet of condoms sold also contributes to improved wages and healthcare standards for latex workers .
And just because the condoms are guilt - free does n’t mean they are n’t fun–French Letter condoms should appeal to even the most discerning customers , with scented , studded , and silky versions available .
Sex toys get the green treatment with Dreamscapes , a Florida - based company that launched a sex toy recycling program late last year .
Customers can mail in cleaned toys from any manufacturer , and Dreamscapes will make sure that they get reused and turned into new products .
In case the satisfaction of knowing your sex toys are getting a second life is n’t enough , Dreamscapes also offers a $ 10 gift card to its retail sites in exchange for your recycled rubber and silicone .
For now , French Letter Condoms and Dreamscapes occupy a niche market , but as companies across all sectors become more aware of their environmental impact , green condoms and sex toys wo n’t even be worthy of a blog post .
[ Via Triple Pundit ]
The researchers then wrote to the skiers and snowboarders to get more information on the injury and helmet use .
" Wearing a helmet while skiing or snowboarding may reduce the risk of a head injury by 29 to 56 per cent , " Prof Hagel says today in the British Medical Journal .
" This may even be an underestimate if , as in cycling , the helmets were worn incorrectly , in poor condition or not designed for skiing or snowboarding . "
The HBOS whistleblower whose revelations led to the resignation of one of the Government 's top regulators is about to release a tranche of documents which he says point a direct and accusatory finger at Gordon Brown 's responsibility for the banking crisis , and has called on the Prime Minister to resign .
In a further blow to Labour , an Independent on Sunday poll showed voter support for the party evaporating , leaving it only a few points ahead of the Lib Dems .
Paul Moore , the former head of risk at HBOS , told the IoS that he has more than 30 potentially incendiary documents which he will send to MPs on the Treasury Select Committee .
He says they disprove Mr Brown 's claim about the reasons for HBOS 's catastrophic losses – now estimated to be nearly £ 11bn – and show that it was the reckless lending culture , easy credit and failed regulation of the Brown years that led directly to the implosion of British banks .
After Mr Moore 's explosive testimony at the MPs ' banking hearing , the Prime Minister had denied the former executive 's central charges and said that HBOS 's difficulties were due to its flawed business model .
Mr Moore says his documents refute this and prove the cause of the crisis can be laid at Gordon Brown 's feet .
He believes Mr Brown 's failure to intervene over the reckless lending undertaken by all the banks over the past decade means he should go .
" The failure goes right to the heart of the system – to the internal supervisory system and right to the top of government . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Moore told the IoS yesterday : " Brown must go .
He can not remain in office .
He has presided over the biggest boom in the history of the country as well as one of the biggest busts .
But he promised no more boom and bust .
He must be held accountable for his failure to oversee the stability of the country .
" Brown presided over a policy based on excessive consumer spending based on excessive consumer credit based on massively increasing property prices , which were caused by excessively easy credit which could only ultimately lead to disaster .
But no , in Gordon 's mind it was all caused by global events beyond his and anyone else 's control . "
Mr Moore 's evidence to the Treasure Select Committee last week led to the resignation from the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) , the City regulator , of the ex-HBOS chief executive Sir James Crosby , who dismissed Mr Moore from the bank after his warnings .
In an exclusive interview with the IoS , Mr Moore revealed his documents contain all the evidence to support allegations he made to the HBOS board , which have been strongly denied by the bank and KPMG , the auditors brought in to investigate Mr Moore 's claims .
Yesterday , Mr Moore said his documents will " put to bed the idea that the KPMG report can be relied upon by Mr Brown , Sir James , the FSA and any other of the HBOS directors on the board at the time " .
He says the papers – which he has kept from his time in his post as head of risk , from 2002 to 2005 – show that HBOS was involved in a huge sales drive to win market share which ultimately led to its collapse .
Mr Moore claims that the " driven sales culture " was led by Sir James , and this , plus the " staggering failure " of the Government to manage the economy , had forced him to speak out .
" Brown swaggers around holding himself out as the economic saviour of the world with a level of hubris that defies belief .
But does he ever acknowledge that it was he , as Chancellor of the Exchequer , who presided functionally over the economic strategy that got us into this mess in the first place ? "
As a trained barrister , Mr Moore stressed that his new evidence being sent to the committee will back up his claims .
" I have compiled a meticulous record of my time at the bank .
This will show that the version of events given by KPMG , which was brought in to carry out an audit of my claims , is inaccurate , " he said .
" Key witnesses were not included in the original audit and there are many factual errors .
I will only be vindicated when all my allegations are proved by the evidence I have . "
Mr Moore also attacks
Mr Brown 's judgement in appointing Sir James as his key adviser on the mortgage market , whom he blames for HBOS 's high - octane sales culture .
He says : " What I would like to ask the PM is this .
If you are going to appoint the deputy chairman of the FSA , and former HBOS boss as your adviser , do n't you think you should take references ?
Would n't you ask for references of the FSA ?
If you had got those references , they would have showed that there were serious concerns raised by the FSA over the business model . "
The revelations come after a stunning week of developments in the banking sector , with HBOS – taken over by Lloyds TSB last autumn in a move prompted by Mr Brown 's intervention – proving to have lost £ 11 bn .
Eric Daniels , the Lloyds chief executive , said £ 800 m in profit had been annihilated by HBOS 's losses .
This is about £ 5 bn more than City investors had been expecting and has renewed fears that the Government will have to nationalise the newly created Lloyds Banking Group .
But senior sources said it could weather the storm .
The Chancellor , Alistair Darling , has refused to rule out a full nationalisation .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
Meanwhile , the IoS / ComRes poll finds that the controversy over bonuses has rebounded badly .
Mr Brown , who has for several months enjoyed a polls boost because of the way voters view his handling of the financial crisis , is back at 25 per cent , the lowest since last September , before the banking crisis .
The Lib Dems are the main beneficiaries , rising to 22 per cent , and the gap between the two parties is now at its narrowest since 1987 when support for the SDP / Liberal Alliance was at a high .
The poll also reveals a backlash against bankers ' bonuses , with 82 per cent of those asked calling for the bosses of bailed - out banks to repay their bonuses .
Regulatory failure : How the Prime Minister smoothed the way for ' disastrous ' HBOS takeover
Surrounded by some of the City 's most senior figures at a party on the day of the collapse of Lehman Brothers last September , Gordon Brown held a conversation with Sir Victor Blank , the chairman of Lloyds TSB .
As champagne was nervously downed against the backdrop of a banking system on the brink , the Prime Minister , who never drinks at such events , facilitated Lloyds 's takeover of the collapsing HBOS by agreeing to waive competition rules .
Details of the conversation at the Citigroup reception were widely briefed the next day , with Mr Brown apparently happy to let it be known he had helped rescue HBOS by smoothing the waters for the takeover .
The Prime Minister 's role in the takeover , and his other swift responses early on in the banking crisis , marked the beginning of his resurgence .
Five months on , with Britain in a deep recession , and Lloyds Banking Group shaken by the £ 10bn HBOS loss , Mr Brown 's word in the ear of Sir Victor is viewed in a very different light .
Critics say his eagerness to see the deal completed now looks reckless , and has fuelled suspicions that Lloyds bosses had their " arms twisted " , in the words of the Lib Dem Treasury spokesman , Vince Cable .
HBOS whistleblower Paul Moore is not the only one to argue that Mr Brown 's contribution to the crisis goes back much further .
As Chancellor , he presided over a weakened banking regulation structure – of his own design , in defiance of strong expert dissent at the time – and excessive consumer credit , critics say .
Mr Moore is backed up by Lord Burns , Mr Brown 's first permanent secretary to the Treasury in 1997 .
Giving evidence to a committee of peers last week , Lord Burns gave a damning assessment of the tripartite arrangement of the Bank of England , the Treasury and the FSA introduced by the then Chancellor , arguing that the three were not joined - up , allowing reckless banking to go unchecked .
Lord Burns told the Lords Economic Affairs Committee : " The new system had been set up on the basis of a Treasury instinct that the Bank of England was always too ready to rescue banks .
Much of the arrangements were designed to make it just a little more difficult for the Bank to get involved in this . "
Mr Brown 's role is also under the spotlight because of the resignation of his close ally Sir James Crosby as deputy chairman of the FSA last week , following claims by Mr Moore that Sir James ignored his warnings about HBOS .
Critics said yesterday that Mr Brown had to take " huge responsibility " for the crisis at Lloyds and elsewhere .
Former Tory Chancellor Lord Lamont said : " What has happened with Lloyds TSB / HBOS is truly scandalous .
" The Government encouraged the merger , the Prime Minister personally claimed the credit for it and the Government – despite many warnings – suspended the competition rules so that the merger could happen .
The result has been nothing short of a disaster . "
Jane Merrick
アメリカの学校教育のあり方についての本なのだが、もう「それを言ったらおしまいよ」的身も蓋もないデータの羅列。「がんばれば必ずできる！」と何でもかんでも褒め殺すアメリカ的には呆然、って感じですが。でも結論は至極まともです。
著者曰く、本書のメッセージは４つの真実で、それは「能力には差がある」「子供の半分は平均以下」(アメリカ的にはタブー発言!!) 「
大学進学率は高すぎる 」 「アメリカの将来は学力の高い子供をいかに教育するかにかかっている」と。
笑ったのは２ 章 。
「ノンフィクションの、しかも公共政策に関する本の第二章まで読み進んだということは、あなたの学力（academic ability）はまず平均より上。」
と断言した上で 、
「 そんなあなたは、きっと小さい頃から勉強ができる人が集まる学校に行き、ホントに勉強ができない人を多分見たことがない。だから『勉強ができない』子供がどれほど勉強ができないかを説明しましょう」
とひたす ら 「
勉強ができないとはこういうことである」と例を出しまくる。８年生（中学２年生）の標準テストの結果を示し、例えば
去年９０人の従業員がいた会社で、今年は社員数が１０％増した。今年の従業員は何人？
( A) 9 ( B ) 81 ( C)91 ( D) 99 ( E) 100
という問題で間違った答えを選んだ生徒が６２％。正解した３８％のうち、当てずっぽうで正解した人もいるはずなので、その分を統計的に差し戻すと「わかってない中二」が77.5%と。
（余談ですが、日本の中３を家庭教師したとき、偏差値５０を超してる子でも、速度×時間＝距離っていうのがどうしてもわかんない子もいたなーとか思い出したり。時間＝距離÷速度ってのももちろんわからないわけです。将来車を運転して遠くに行くとき、どうやってかかる時間を計るんだろう、とやきもきしましたが、それでも何とかなっちゃうんですねぇ。）
というわけで、延々一章をかけて 「 平均以下とはこれくらい勉強に付いて行けていないということである」と説明しまくる。
以下
学力 はIQと高い相関がある
生まれもっ たIQを上げることはまず不可能
そもそも、アメリカの義務教育は実は結構ハイレベル。本当に「だめ」な学校はごくごく少数で、それ以外は公立の学校でも質が高い教育が行われている
これ以上金をかけても、学力は上がらない
大学は国をリードする可能性のあるトップレベルの知能を持った子供をちゃんと教育する場所であるべき
「国をリードする可能性のあるトップレベルの知能」は大雑把に言ってIQ120以上。これはアメリカでは全体の10％ （実際のアメリカの大学進学率は５０％）
このトップ層を対象として、大学は「賢人となるための倫理／徳 」
「正しい判断を行うための教養」を、よりぴっちり教育すべき
一方、それ以下の子供たちについては、職業訓練を推奨すべし
IQと学力の相関 、IQ120の根拠あたりは本の中では、あれこれデータを挙げて延々説明されてますので興味のある方は読んでください。ま、簡単に言うと推奨されているのは「セミ・ヨーロッパ型」ですな。一部の優秀な子供だけが大学に行き、残りは１３−４歳から徒弟的に職業訓練をする、という国がありますが、そういう感じかと。
ではあるが、著者が強調するのは
「 エリートだけを教育せよ、と言っている訳ではない」
ということ。コレ大事ね。
人口の１０％というのはかなりな数で、アメリカで２００５年に１８歳になった人を母集団とすると４１万人。一方でトップ４０の大学の入学者数は４万８千人。ということで、普通に考えられるようないわゆる「エリート」だけではなく、相当広い対象者が「国をリードする可能性のあるトップレベルの知能」を持つことになる。
で、この 「足切り（トップ１０％）」レベルを凌駕したら、社会で成功するかどうかは、知能の問題ではなくそれ以外の様々な要因による、と。
この層を 「よくできますね」と甘やかして育ててはいかん、びしびしとより高い挑戦をさせて、挫折するまで高みを目指せさせるべきである、というのが著者の主張。ま、これはよくわかる。
一方で、著者が考える 「 現在のシステムでは大学に行ってしまうが、本来は大学に行くべきではない人」の人生についての考察は中々含蓄深い。いわくこんな例が：
学力的にはトップ３０％レベルだが、手先が器用な１８歳が、そのまま電気工になるか、大学を出てホワイトカラーのマネージャになろうかと考える
２００５年のマネジメントの平均収入は＄８８，４５０で電気工の平均は＄４５，６３０だ。これはマネジメント職に進んだ方がよいぞ、と思うが、そこには罠がある
彼の能力を考えると、おそらくマネジメントに進むと大した実績は出せないだろうが、電気工としてはトップを狙えるはず
収入は平均するとマネジメントの方がずっと高いが、実は内訳を見ると、下位１０％レベルのマネジメントの収入は＄３７，８００で、トップ１０％の電気工は＄７０，８００。この方が彼の将来としてより意味のある数字なのだ
加えて、 「無形のやりがい」もある、と筆者は言う。
自分の能力に限界を感じながら、平均以下の実績しか出せずに働くほどつまらないことはない。しかも来る日も来る日もオフィスの内勤。電気工として外で楽しく手を動かし、毎日きちんと問題解決しながら、しかも「できるヤツだ」と言われて働くのはやりがいのある素晴らしい働き方である
と。だからといって 「お前は電気工にしかなれん」と決めつけるのはアメリカンドリームに反する訳だが、本人に上記の情報を提示して、
「 ・・・てなことがあるんだけど、どう思う？」
と考えさせるのは大事だ、というのはよくわかるなぁ。
終身雇用だと、 「 大学を出て、適当にどこかの会社に潜り込めば、少々能力不足でも一生その会社の給与レベルの収入が保証される」わけだが、レイオフ、解雇、転職で次々に職を変えるのが常態となると、「大学さえ出れば安泰」とはいかなくなるのが厳しいところ。
無理して実力以上の高学歴を取ると、最初の一回こそ「学歴マジック」でなんとか潜り込める可能性が高いが、その後は、かえって、本来その人に適した職では「overqualified＝スペック高過ぎ」となり雇ってもらえず、学歴に見合った職だと「能力不足」として雇ってもらえない、という恐ろしい「谷間状態」になったりするんですよね。くわばらくわばら。
＜追記：追加 でRead Education続きーさらに身も蓋もない話しとベルカーブはトンデモ本ではありませんというエントリーも書きました。ご参考まで。＞
関連過去エントリー ：
ミドルクラスの地盤沈下
大卒が安定雇用を得られた時代の終焉
日本の平均以下の生徒のおはなし（面白いデス）
中 ３を家庭教師した頃の話
Implementation of Events and Channels as in CML ( extended with communication guards ) .
See A Concurrent ML Library in Concurrent Haskell by Avik Chaudhuri ( avik@cs.ucsc.edu ) for details .
The original code as well as the papers can be found at http://www.cs.umd.edu/~Eavik/projects/cmllch/.
Article submitted by Javier Derderian .
Guess what ?
We still need you to submit good articles about software you like !
PIDA is an IDE ( integrated development environment ) written in Python and the pygtk graphical toolkit .
It is slightly different from other IDEs : rather than attempting to write a set of development tools of its own , PIDA reuses available tools .
In this regards PIDA can be used as a framework for putting together your own customized IDE .
Although still a young application , PIDA already boasts a huge number of features because of the power of some of the tools it integrates .
For example features such as code completion and syntax highlighting are well implemented in PIDA ’s integrated editors far better than any editor built for a commercial IDE .
PIDA currently features many code editing helpers : syntax highlighting , code completion , automatic indenting , block commenting , etc ; project management , version control management , Python debugger and profiler , GTK + GUI building and rapid application design .
Among the already integrated components you can find :
VIM and Emacs as embedded editors with full support of each one ’s features : Syntax Higlighting Code completion Plugins
Bazaar , Git , Subversion ( and more ) as version control systems .
It ’s actually designed to program in any language , but it has some Python specific features like a Python shell .
You can program you own plugins , and there ’s a very nice API documentation to help you go trought the plugin development path .
Some already available plugins are :
Pastebin Send code to a pastebin service PdfTex preview PdfTex preview compiles and displays pdf documents every time the buffer is saved .
Python
Show class / function from python file , and show compilation errors Python Debugger Python Debugger based on RPDB2 the WinPDB Back End Unit Tester Perform unit tests Docbook browser Browse local docbook Todo manager Manage a personnal todo list per project RFC Viewer Download RFC index , search and view RFC pages inside PIDA Bazaar
This plugin , developed outside of the project , integrates lots of Bazaar function that are not included in the base version control integration
PIDA is a great way of keep using Vim and have a nice GUI around to help you work faster with the file browser , the project manager and the internal shells .
You can get more info on using and developing PIDA in the handbook
There are official packages available in both Debian and Ubuntu for a long time now .
And remember : PIDA LOVES YOU !
For thousands of years only one side of the moon was visible to humankind as a result of synchronous rotation , a sort of orbital lockstep that keeps the moon rotating once for every lap it takes around Earth .
Astronomers had to settle for this near - side view until 1959 , when a Soviet craft took the first photographs of the moon 's far side .
But could the view from Earth have been different early in lunar geologic history ?
In a paper in press for the journal Icarus , geophysicists Mark Wieczorek and Mathieu Le Feuvre of France 's National Center for Scientific Research 's Institute of Earth Physics in Paris postulate that our natural satellite was once rotated 180 degrees , with the current far side of the moon facing Earth .
A large impact roughly four billion years ago could have temporarily disrupted the moon 's rotation , the researchers say , allowing it to eventually settle back into so - called spin - orbit synchrony either in its original orientation or rotated 180 degrees .
( Wieczorek says that the tidal bulges on the lunar surface induced by Earth 's gravity , which deform the moon into an elongated shape that helps stabilize its position , would prevent the moon from easing into synchrony at any intermediate orientation . )
Wieczorek and Le Feuvre first examined the size and velocity necessary for a sufficiently spin-disrupting asteroidal or cometary strike , turning up a few possible candidates based on cratering records on the lunar surface .
" Just based on the physics , it 's very , very , very probable that at least one and perhaps more of these impacts did this to the moon , " Wieczorek says .
" The second question , and this is the harder part , is finding if there 's any evidence of this or not . "
The researchers sought that evidence by examining the placement and age of craters across the lunar surface .
If the moon 's orientation had remained constant throughout its history , there should be more impact cratering on its western hemisphere , which is the leading hemisphere in the moon 's orbit in its current orientation .
( Wieczorek likens this to driving a car in a storm — more rain hits the front windshield than the rear . )
The analysis revealed that whereas the younger impact basins follow this pattern , the older ones tend to be found on the trailing side of the moon , indicating that the moon has swiveled 180 degrees about its axis since those ancient craters formed .
According to their calculations , in fact , the arrangement of older impact basins near the now - trailing eastern hemisphere has less than a 0.3 percent probability of happening by chance .
A few caveats that Wieczorek and Le Feuvre are careful to note :
Ages for most of the 46 impact basins studied are not well constrained , and some older basins might be obscured by ejecta from younger craters nearby , which would mean the current data set is incomplete .
Better topographic maps now being pieced together by lunar orbiters such as India 's Chandrayaan 1 and Japan 's Kaguya could help clarify the historical record of asteroidal and cometary impacts .
H. Jay Melosh , a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona Lunar and Planetary Laboratory who has studied the effects of impacts on the moon 's orientation , finds the new proposal quite plausible .
Although Wieczorek and Le Feuvre 's in - depth analysis of the cratering data may spark some arguments over the details , Melosh says , " the overall picture is both reasonable and well documented . "
Jonathan Leake
Times Online
March 23 , 2009
Editor ’s note : Mr. Porritt may set an example by removing himself from the planet immediately .
JONATHON PORRITT , one of Gordon Brown ’s leading green advisers , is to warn that Britain must drastically reduce its population if it is to build a sustainable society .
[ efoods ]
Porritt ’s call will come at this week ’s annual conference of the Optimum Population Trust ( OPT ) , of which he is patron .
The trust will release research suggesting UK population must be cut to 30 m if the country wants to feed itself sustainably .
Porritt said : “ Population growth , plus economic growth , is putting the world under terrible pressure .
“ Each person in Britain has far more impact on the environment than those in developing countries so cutting our population is one way to reduce that impact . ”
Population growth is one of the most politically sensitive environmental problems .
The issues it raises , including religion , culture and immigration policy , have proved too toxic for most green groups .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The British move comes as the United States throws a second lifeline to Citigroup and Bank of America , and considers ways to relieve banks of their troubled assets using hundreds of billions in new money from the Troubled Asset Relief Program , known as TARP .
In Washington on Sunday , David Axelrod , a top adviser to President - elect Barack Obama , said that the second half of the $ 700 billion bailout fund , to be released after Mr. Obama takes office , must be administered in a way that will get “ credit flowing again to businesses and families across the country .
That has n’t happened with the expenditure of the first $ 350 billion . ”
Other European bailout plans are also coming together .
The French president , Nicolas Sarkozy , and his finance minister , Christine Lagarde , will meet Tuesday with French bankers to press them into ease their lending restrictions .
“ The banks must understand that the times have changed , ” Ms. Lagarde said in an interview published Monday in a business daily , Les Échos .
“ The president was very clear :
To benefit from a new capital injection , they will have to make precise commitments ”  including giving up bonuses this year .
As if to illustrate the depths of the problem , Royal Bank of Scotland warned on Monday that it faced losses of up to £ 28 billion or $ 41 billion for 2008 , a figure that would be a record for any British company .
That includes as much as £ 20 billion of goodwill write - downs from the acquisition of a portion the financial giant , ABN - Amro.
Royal Bank of Scotland ’s shares fell nearly 67 percent Monday .
The downgrading of Spain ’s sovereign debt  the second European country to suffer that fate in less than a week  added to the sense of urgency in Europe .
Greece ’s sovereign debt was cut last Wednesday , rekindling worries about what might happen to the euro zone as a whole if a member were to default on its public debt .
If it was n’t bad enough that Congress totally threw off my sleep schedule , it turns out that the entire idea of Daylight Saving Time being an energy - saver is a hoax :
The history of Daylight Saving Time ( DST ) has been long and controversial .
Throughout its implementation during World Wars I and II , the oil embargo of the 1970s , consistent practice today , and recent extensions , the primary rationale for DST has always been to promote energy conservation .
Nevertheless , there is surprisingly little evidence that DST actually saves energy .
This paper takes advantage of a natural experiment in the state of Indiana to provide the first empirical estimates of DST effects on electricity consumption in the United States since the mid-1970s .
Focusing on residential electricity demand , we conduct the first - ever study that uses micro-data on households to estimate an overall DST effect .
The dataset consists of more than 7 million observations on monthly billing data for the vast majority of households in southern Indiana for three years .
Our main finding is that — contrary to the policy ’s intent — DST increases residential electricity demand .
Estimates of the overall increase are approximately 1 percent , but we find that the effect is not constant throughout the DST period .
DST causes the greatest increase in electricity consumption in the fall , when estimates range between 2 and 4 percent .
These findings are consistent with simulation results that point to a tradeoff between reducing demand for lighting and increasing demand for heating and cooling .
We estimate a cost of increased electricity bills to Indiana households of $ 9 million per year .
We also estimate social costs of increased pollution emissions that range from $ 1.7 to $ 5.5 million per year .
Finally , we argue that the effect is likely to be even stronger in other regions of the United States .
Then let ’s get rid of it , right ?
Horse Law and Equine Attorney
Did you know that there are equine law firms that focus on general horse law and equine litigation ?
Catanese & Wells is a California - based equine law firm that has served the needs of the horse industry since its inception in 1989 .
If you are looking for a horse lawyer in California , you only have to look at the firm ’s founder .
Mr. Catanese , the founder of the firm , has been serving the needs of the equine industry since 1983 when he set out to specialize in the field of equine law as an accomplished equine law & horse attorney .
Current and past , Mr. Catanese has represented clients involved in all aspects of the horse industry as a California equine law attorney .
He is a recognized horse lawyer who has worked with owners , breeders , and those providing all the services to the industry .
The firm , through its horse attorney group , represents clients who own many breeds of horses .
These include Thoroughbred , Warmblood , Arabian , Appaloosa , Quarterhorse , Standardbred , and more .
In addition to his work as an equine attorney , Mr. Catanese has appeared as a guest lecturer before the American Horse Council and the University of Arizona Racetrack Management Program .
Mr. Catanese also appeared as a speaker at the 2014 , 2017 , & 2019 National Equine Law Conference sponsored by the University of Kentucky School of Law .
He is a member of the American College of Equine Attorneys .
Services offered by the equine law group include :
Equine Litigation / Disputes
General Equine and Horse Law
Lease Agreements
Breeding Contracts
Equine Litigation Support
Syndication Agreements
Purchase and Sale Agreements
Installment Sale Agreements
Equine Real Estate and Ranch Matters
Tax Planning
Equine Insurance Claims
Corporations and Partnerships
Whether you are an owner , rider , breeder , or another equine professional , you will need to find equine law firms that will best serve your needs .
Catanese & Wells offers the equine law and horse attorney services needed to solve any equine - related problems you may have .
No matter the discipline , breed of horse , or level of profession , Catanese & Wells is dedicated to working with you to provide you with superior services .
Our team of experienced California horse attorneys can assist you in all equine law matters , ranging from lease agreements , to equine real estate matters .
By using an experienced equine law lawyer , you can expect high - quality services and a knowledgeable team by your side .
When you have been in the equine law industry as long as Mr. Catanese , you truly gain a thorough understanding of the horse world and its legal concerns .
Mr. Catanese brings his vast experience to assist his clients .
Allow our experienced equine lawyers to provide your horse business with a special evaluation including the benefit of our years of experience in equine law in Southern California and across the nation .
This makes us able to provide you with a personal consultation to make the most of your horse business .
Catanese & Wells has California business litigation lawyers who can also assist you in the management and operation of your potential or existing horse business .
Click here for Calanese & Wells equine legal form and to start the process of finding the best equine attorney for you .
Equine Legal Summary - Summer 2018
Equine Legal Summary - Fall 2018
On its sixtieth anniversary , the Universal Declaration on Human Rights is still a distant dream for most of the world 's girls and women .
Nowhere are violations of women 's human rights greater than in the health sector .
On its sixtieth anniversary , the Universal Declaration on Human
Rights is still a distant dream for most of the world ’s girls and
women .
One in every three women in the world experiences violence in
her lifetime just because she is a woman .
In Africa , three million
girls are at risk of female genital mutilation , and ten million girls
worldwide face early and forced marriage each year .
While gender gaps in education have recently been closing , 70 % of
children not in school are girls , and sex discrimination pervades most
other sectors .
For example , only 16 % of parliamentarians worldwide are
women .
Nowhere are violations of women ’s human rights greater than in the
health sector .
Half a million women die and 10 - 15 million are
permanently disabled each year from entirely preventable causes related
to pregnancy and childbirth .
In Sub -Saharan Africa , the lifetime risk
of dying in childbirth is more than 300 times higher than in rich
countries .
The health impacts of poverty and injustice are not distant
challenges : the United States ranks 41st in the world in maternal
mortality , behind Latvia , Portugal , and Poland .
In Sub -Saharan Africa ,
over 60 percent of adults , and 75 percent of young people , living with
HIV / AIDS are female .
Eleanor Roosevelt , architect of the Universal Declaration on Human
Rights , understood that such daily violations of the rights to life ,
dignity , and equality are the core human rights challenge .
In 1958 she
said ,
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
" Where , after all , do universal human rights begin ?
In small places ,
close to home … the neighborhood … the school … the factory , farm ,
or office …
Unless these rights have meaning there , they have little
meaning anywhere . "
But countries and the international system have only paid lip
service to Eleanor Roosevelt ’s wisdom .
Over a dozen United Nations
agreements have elaborated in detail the human rights of women and
actions required to protect them .
In 1979 the Convention on the
Elimination of the Discrimination Against Women ( CEDAW ) , a legally
binding treaty , took effect and has been ratified by all but eight of
the world ’s governments , including , unfortunately , the United States .
In 1993 , the World Conference on Human Rights again recognized the
human rights of women and of the girl child and said that they are
" priority objectives of the international community . "
Two years later ,
at the Fourth World Conference on Women , First Lady Hillary Rodham
Clinton nonetheless felt compelled to point out once more that " Women’s
rights are human rights . "
So what is the way forward ?
Based on decades of international work , we know that there will be
no global peace or security until we secure every woman ’s right to a
just and healthy life .
Only healthy women whose human rights are
protected can be fully productive workers and effective participants in
their country ’s political processes .
Only when women are healthy and
empowered can they raise and educate healthy children .
These are
imperative in their own right , and also the building blocks of stable
societies and growing economies .
How do we get there ?
President - elect Barack Obama has the unique opportunity , and the
profound responsibility , to reestablish U.S. credibility and global
leadership on human rights for all .
The first step is to help
strengthen the United Nations as a vehicle to hold governments
accountable for human rights protection and for meeting unfulfilled
commitments to girls and women .
Second , the United States can once
again lead the world in making access to comprehensive reproductive
health services a reality for women and young people here in the United
States and globally .
Only when women are able to exercise control over their bodies are
they able to fully realize other human right such as access to education
and employment , political participation and legal equality .
Third , the
new President should prioritize asking the Senate to ratify CEDAW .
Finally , the United States , at home and abroad , can enable new
generations to live the principles of the Universal Declaration on
Human Rights .
A key vehicle is comprehensive sexuality education , which
teaches young people how to establish equality in relationships ;
respect the right to consent in both sex and marriage ; and end sexual
coercion and violence against women .
The next Administration will have the opportunity and the power to
make these changes and to create a different kind of world for millions
of girls and women , boys and men .
It will take courage and vision to
act boldly .
The reward — in lives saved and in our restored reputation
as a global leader for social justice — will be incalculable .
Best Python Web Hosting Comparisons
As a flexible and powerful coding language , no matter what you are developing with Python , you will need a dynamic hosting package to provide a platform for your creation .
However , not all web hosts can provide that type of support , and that makes discovering the best Python web hosting service a difficult task .
Questions about the internet giant 's dominance have been gathering steadily since the revelation that Christine Varney , who is Barack Obama 's pick to take over the top antitrust job at the Department of Justice , has already talked about the subject .
" For me , Microsoft is so last century .
They are not the problem , " Varney is reported to have said during a panel discussion last summer .
Google , she suggested , " has acquired a monopoly in internet online advertising " .
Those comments , combined with Varney 's background as a lawyer for Netscape in its epic case against Microsoft have led to speculation that the DoJ could be ready to set the ball rolling on an antitrust case that could potentially hamper Google in the same way that the interminable hearings stiffed Microsoft in the late 90s .
But are they missing the point ?
At Techdirt , Mike Masnik suggested that Google " does n't have anything close to a monopoly " .
In the New York Times , meanwhile , Randall Stross made his point by showcasing the numbers ; in 2005 , Google had just 36.5 % of the market , compared to Yahoo's 30 % .
" Today , however , that advantage is much wider , at 63 percent to 21 percent , " he wrote .
( Meanwhile a small company called TradeComet added fuel to the fire by launching a suit against Google alleging discriminatory business tactics ) .
But perhaps the real question is why the Department of Justice , under the Obama administration , would n't consider investigating Google .
After all , even though Obama has specifically said he wants to crack down on monopoly abuse , it was the Bush White House which presided over the Google / Yahoo case last year - which ended with Google pulling out of the deal under pressure .
Underneath the concerns and arguments about Varney 's Google comments is an assumption that she has been nominated to the job Obama precisely because of her previous experience taking on a technology monopolist .
However , sources close to the Department have told me that it may be too easy to connect those dots and get the wrong picture .
Google 's an important company , for sure , and Varney 's technology background is useful - but I 'm told that she was n't hired with a specific case in mind ... and that the antitrust job was n't even necessarily the role she wanted .
So will Google face a deeper antitrust investigation ?
It seems almost certain .
After all , once the political posturing has been dispensed with , the fact remains : Google 's one of the most important companies in the world - if antitrust lawyers are n't keeping their eyes on its business , who else should they be watching ?
James Chapman
Mail Online
March 31 , 2009
Gordon Brown today made an overtly religious call for a new world order based on the ‘ deep moral sense ’ shared by all faiths .
[ efoods ]
Making the first speech by a serving Prime Minister at St Paul ’s Cathedral in London , Mr Brown quoted from scripture as he said people could come together to forge a new ‘ global society ’ .
The world economy and society should be rebuilt around a Zulu word for hope – themba – which also stands for ‘ there must be an alternative ’ , the Prime Minister suggested .
It was an extraordinary break from his predecessor Tony Blair , whose spin doctor Alastair Campbell , famously declared that ‘ we do n’t do God ’ .
At Westminster it was also seen as high risk for a Government mired in allegations of sleaze to put morality and faith at the centre of its political and economic message .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Germany is in shock after a heavily armed 17 - year - old opened fire on pupils and teachers at his former school in a killing spree in which 15 people died .
The youth fled the school in Winnenden , south - west Germany , but shot himself dead after being cornered by police .
Chancellor Angela Merkel called the incident " unimaginable " and said it was a day of mourning for the whole nation .
Hundreds of people joined an emotional service at a Winnenden church to remember the victims .
German schools have suffered several attacks in recent years , but Wednesday 's was the most deadly since 2002 .
The teenager , named as Tim Kretschmer , entered the Albertville secondary school , north of Stuttgart , at about 0930 ( 0830 GMT ) dressed in black combat gear .
Baden - Wuerttemberg Interior Minister Heribert Rech said he then opened fire on a class of 14 - and 15 - year - olds , aiming at their heads .
TIM KRETSCHMER
Left Albertville school last year after passing exams ( pictured above in 2004 ) Officials said he was an ordinary pupil who had received good reports from school German media reported he had begun an apprenticeship Lived in the village of Leutenbach A keen table - tennis player , who aspired to become professional
How school shooting unfolded
In pictures : Germany shootings Attack raises gun-law questions Boy was ' arrogant , not aggressive '
Eight girls and one boy were killed , along with three teachers .
Seven other children suffered minor injuries .
Terrified pupils leapt from the school windows to escape .
A student called Celina told the BBC how the gunman had come into her classroom and " just shot everywhere " .
" I threw myself on the floor and took my friends with me , and then I went to a corner and put a table in front of me , and he came again a second time and shot again , " she said .
" We were in panic and in shock . "
Another pupil , Eileen Toraman , said one of her friends had been killed while another had broken her leg jumping from a third - floor window .
" I do n't understand why this happened .
I have no idea what is supposed to happen now . "
Despite the presence of dozens of police officers , the gunman escaped from the school , killing a passer - by as he fled .
' Appalling crime '
He then hijacked a car , taking its driver hostage , and reached the town of Wendlingen , about 40 km ( 25 miles ) away from the school .
The police believe he arrived in Wendlingen by chance , after the car 's driver lost control on a sharp bend and came to a standstill .
The teenager fled into an industrial estate , where he shot and killed two men at a car showroom .
GERMAN SCHOOL ATTACKS 2006 : A former pupil A former pupil injures 11 students at a school in western town of Emsdetten before turning the gun on himself .
2002 : A former pupil A former pupil kills 17 people in his school in the eastern city of Erfurt , then kills himself .
Timeline of school shootings
In a press briefing , Mr Rech said officers arrived at the showroom and traded gunfire with the teenager , hitting him in the leg .
" He fell down , but he got up and managed to load his gun .
A little later he was found dead , " said Mr Rech .
He had fled from officers into a dead - end street , where police found him apparently with a gun -shot wound in the head .
Local media reported that police had raided the suspect 's house and recovered 16 weapons .
The teenager 's father , thought to be a prominent businessman in the area , was reported to be a member of a local shooting club .
Eckehard Weiss , who coached Tim Kretschmer at table - tennis , told the BBC that he had been a relatively normal boy .
Mr Weiss said he had wanted to be a professional table - tennis player and had even played a match last weekend .
In a brief statement , Mrs Merkel described the shootings as an " appalling crime " .
" It is unimaginable that in just seconds , pupils and teachers were killed .
This is a day of mourning for the whole of Germany , " she said .
Germany suffered its worst - ever school - shooting in 2002 when a former pupil at a school in the eastern city of Erfurt killed 14 teachers , two pupils and a police officer .
Are you in the area ?
Are you affected by the issues in this story ?
Send us your comments using the form below .
In most cases a selection of your comments will be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
ADDIS ABABA ( Reuters ) - Africa ’s largest coffee producer Ethiopia traded the bean through a new electronic system at its commodity exchange for the first time on Tuesday .
“ This should introduce a new era of more reliable trade and increased export competitiveness for the Ethiopian coffee industry , ” Eleni Gebremedhin , director of the Ethiopian Commodity Exchange ( ECX ) , told Reuters .
In two half - hour trading sessions , 116 tons of coffee changed hands .
To participate in the electronic trade , coffee sellers are required to produce warehouse receipts and buyers must show a pre-trade deposit in banks .
The government says trading coffee through the exchange will help small farmers get a better price for their beans and will also improve the quality of exported coffee .
“ The reasons why Ethiopia ’s coffee has been discounted in the past , such as inefficient delivery and unreliable quality , are over time going to be credibly addressed through this exchange , ” said Eleni .
“ It wo n’t happen overnight but today is an excellent start . ”
The Ethiopian Commodity Exchange opened in April and already trades agricultural commodities such as maize , wheat , corn and sesame .
Ethiopia has won trademark rights for its specialty Sidamo , Harar and Yirgacheffe coffees and has signed agreement with 70 global companies to promote its coffee brands .
Ethiopia prides itself as the birthplace of coffee beans .
Last season it exported 170,888 tons of the crop and earned $ 525.2 million -- 60 percent of its foreign exchange earnings .
Fifteen million smallholder farmers grow the beans .
Those aesthetics are n't the only " dangerous " aspect to Acer 's Predator gaming desktops .
Apparently the insulation on some of the computer 's internal wiring can become stripped , and has proceeded to short - circuit and melt internal components and the external casing in two separate reported incidents .
Acer is recalling the ASG7200 and ASG7700 machines sold between May and December of last year , and customers can contact Acer for a free repair .
Number of boxes affected ?
About 215 .
Not exactly raining fire in the streets , but we suppose those 213 remaining folks would like to know their Very Important Session of The Witcher is about to be interrupted .
Tim DeChristopher , the student who won over 22,000 acres of land at a Bureau of Land Management Auction , is on his way to purchasing the land , which was originally intended for sale to oil companies .
[ Creative Commons photo by Wolfgang Staudt ]
DeChristopher infiltrated a Bureau of Land Management auction on December 19th .
Because the agency threw the auction together so hastily , he was able to get inside , grab an auction paddle and bid against the oil companies .
He successfully raised the $ 45,000 by today in order to hold onto his claim .
While he may not be able to raise enough to cover the $ 1.7 million price tag for all 13 parcels of land , this down payment will let him hold onto his winnings at least until the new administration is in place , keeping it out of the hands of oil and gas companies .
DeChristopher thinks “ that making the down payment on the leases is the best way to protect the land until we can restore open , transparent and democratic procedures for determining the fate of valuable public lands . ”
Not only did raising the money help him keep the acreage , it allowed him to avoid fraud charges .
At the advice of his legal counsel , DeChristopher concluded that purchasing the land “ makes it simply a question of my intent in opposing what I thought was a fraudulent auction . ”
DeChristopher can still use our help !
There is still a chance he could raise the money he needs to buy the land .
Even if this is not possible , he needs help paying his legal fees .
To read more of his story or make a donation , head over to the Bidder 70 website .
While you ’re there , check out his moving open letter about his act of civil disobedience .
VIA
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Nearly four years after a rare outburst of national pride over the election of a German pope , Germans are falling out of love with Pope Benedict because of his rehabilitation of a bishop who denies the Holocaust .
Pope Benedict XVI blesses the faithful as he leads a mass in St. Peter 's Basilica at the Vatican February 2 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Alessandro Bianchi
Prominent Catholics , politicians and newspaper commentators in Joseph Ratzinger ’s homeland are pulling no punches in their criticism of his lifting of the excommunications of four bishops , including one who denies the extent of the Holocaust .
Chancellor Angela Merkel also criticized him , prompting a sharp response from the Vatican .
“ Worldwide criticism of the Pope , ” read the front page of top - selling daily Bild .
It was a contrast to the jubilant “ We are the pope ! ” headline in April 2005 to celebrate his election .
“ The pope has made a serious mistake .
That he is a German pope makes the matter especially bad , ” read its editorial .
“ Pope Benedict XVI is inflicting great damage on Germany ...
The pope must correct his mistake , reverse his decision and excuse himself , ” it said , in comments echoed by other papers .
Former Foreign Minister Hans - Dietrich Genscher wrote in the Mitteldeutsche Zeitung : “ Poles can be proud of Pope John Paul II .
At the last papal election , we said “ We are the pope ! ”
But please -- not like this . ”
More than 60 years after the end of World War Two , Germans are still struggling to come to terms with the legacy of the Holocaust , in which Nazis killed 6 million European Jews , and relations with the Jewish community are highly charged .
Last week , Germany ’s Central Council of Jews said it was breaking off ties with the Catholic Church over the pope ’s move .
The rehabilitated bishop at the center of the storm is Richard Williamson , who belongs to the ultra-traditional Society of Saint Pius X and denies the extent of the Holocaust .
SERIAL ERRORS
Last month the British - born bishop told a Swedish broadcaster he believed there were no gas chambers and no more than 300,000 Jews perished in concentration camps .
Holocaust denial is a crime in Germany and state prosecutors in the southern city of Regensburg are investigating Williamson for incitement .
German neo -Nazi websites and blogs have published contributions supporting Williamson ’s stand .
In his commentary , Genscher argued that Ratzinger , forced to join the Hitler Youth as a boy though his parents opposed the Nazis , was making a habit of offending non-Catholics .
He has shown little respect to Protestants and angered Muslims by hinting Islam was violent and irrational in a 2006 speech in Regensburg , Genscher said .
“ This is a deep moral and political question .
It is about respect for the victims of crimes against humanity , ” he wrote .
Other politicians joined in , and in an unusual intervention Chancellor Merkel , daughter of a Protestant pastor , called on him to make clear he rejected any Holocaust denial .
“ It is a fundamental question if , through a decision by the Vatican , the impression arises that the Holocaust can be denied , ” she said , adding she wanted a clarification .
The Vatican hit back , saying the pope ’s position on the Holocaust was unambiguous .
“ The condemnation of declarations which deny the Holocaust could not have been any clearer , ” Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said in a statement .
The pope has also been criticized by German Catholics .
Hamburg Archbishop Werner Thissen was quoted as saying the decision risked undermining trust in the church .
Cardinal Karl Lehmann , former chair of Germany ’s Catholic bishops ’ conference and head of Germany ’s 26 million Catholics , has described the affair as a catastrophe .
Others say it has exposed flaws in the pope ’s detached governing style .
“ It ’s an unforgivable mistake , and also a political error that Swiss , German and French bishops ’ conferences , where most people of the brotherhood live , were not informed beforehand , ” widely respected theologian Hans Maier told Vatican Radio .
Stores DE BOIS
TOILES solaires
Stores MOTORISÉS
Stores SUR MESURE
Demandez une estimation !
( Sans frais ) 1 855 770-8677
COMMERCIAL ET RÉSIDENTIEL , STORES SUR MESURE OPAQUES , SOLAIRES ET TRANSLUCIDES TISSUS DÉCORATIFS , VOILAGE , BOIS , MÉTAL OU PVC
Installation garantie
L'Artisan du store À votre service depuis 40 ans Claude Bouchard
Toile à rouleaux
Panneaux coulissants
Persiennes
Stores de voilage
Stores verticaux
Stores horizontaux
Update : I 've updated the proposal to use the using keyword instead of overloading the existing semantics of the with keyword — thanks Guido and Todd Lucas !
Blocks are supposedly the most liked feature in Ruby .
This proposal would enable a similar feature in Python :
using webapp .
runner do ( config ) :
config .
time_zone = ' UTC '
config .
log_level = ' debug '
Compare that to the Ruby equivalent :
Rails :: Initializer .
run do | config |
config .
time_zone = ' UTC '
config .
log_level = : debug
end
Unless I am missing something fundamental , adding a do statement seems to lend itself to doing blocks in a Pythonic way .
For those of you that do n't know Ruby , blocks are simply syntactic sugar for defining anonymous functions / closures .
This is already possible in Python using the rather complicated - looking lambda keyword :
employees .
select ( lambda e : e . salary > developer .
salary )
In contrast , Ruby provides the really sexy :
employees .
select { | e | e . salary > developer .
salary }
Where lambda limits Python developers to just expressions , Ruby allows for full multi-line blocks :
employees .
select do | emp |
if emp . salary > developer .
salary
fireEmployee ( emp )
else
extendContract ( emp )
end
end
This is also possible in Python but at the needless cost of naming and defining a function first :
def throwaway_function ( emp ) :
if emp . salary > developer .
salary :
return fireEmployee ( emp )
else :
return extendContract ( emp )
employees .
select ( throwaway_function )
This is where my proposed do statement comes in , it would simplify the above to :
using employees .
select do ( emp ) :
if emp . salary > developer .
salary :
return fireEmployee ( emp )
else :
return extendContract ( emp )
Which is hopefully simple and Pythonic enough to everyone 's tastes to make this a reality for Python 2.7 and 3.1 .
To facilitate this the grammar would need to be extended to something like :
using_stmt ::= " using " expression " do " [ parameter_list ] " : " suite
And when the do keyword is encountered , functionality should be delegated to a __do__ function in the same way that the import keyword delegates to __import__ .
The delegation should map the following syntax :
using EXPR do PARAM_LIST : BLOCK_CODE
into the function call :
__do__( expr , callback , globals , locals )
Where callback is a function named ‘< callback > ’ compiled with PARAM_LIST as its parameter_list and BLOCK_CODE as the function body .
Like with import , globals ( ) and locals ( ) should be from the scope of the do statement .
As a starting point for discussion , I would like to propose the following as the default __do__ function :
def __do__ ( expr , callback , globals , locals ) :
retval = None
while 1 :
try :
args = expr .
send ( retval )
if not isinstance ( args , tuple ) :
args = ( args ,)
retval = callback ( * args )
except StopIteration :
break
This works thanks to Python 's support of coroutines through generators [ PEP 342 ] and would cover the common case of a generator instance being passed in as the EXPR .
And it just so happens to mirror the semantics of Ruby blocks quite beautifully :
>>> def generator ( ) :
... yield
... yield
>>> using generator ( ) do :
... print " hello world "
hello world
hello world
The only aspect missing is Ruby 's block_given ?
but that could easily be supported by alternative __do__ implementations if the need arises .
I expect the dominant usage of blocks to be for the creation of DSLs .
This has almost become an art form in the Ruby world — with everything from Rake tasks to Rails configuration being done through mini-DSLs built using blocks .
It would be interesting to see what the Python world comes up with .
The ability to custom define __do__ would allow Python hackers to do some really cool shit with blocks that Ruby hackers can't do for the moment .
And I can imagine a lot of existing frameworks like Twisted , Trellis , Eventlet and Django becoming even more simplified and powerful thanks to blocks .
What do you think ?
Idealist Addendum :
Whilst I believe the above should suit Guido 's taste , I am not so sure of the following .
But in an ideal world , he would give it his blessing , so here goes =)
Ideally the do statement would map the following syntax : using EXPR1 do EXPR2 : BLOCK_CODE into the function call : __do__( expr1 , expr2 , block_code , indent_level , globals , locals )
This would give the __do__ function even more flexibility at very little cost .
By default , EXPR2 would be treated as PARAM_LIST and together with BLOCK_CODE it would be compiled into the callback function described above .
But more enterprising __do__ functions could do interesting things like rewriting the AST of the BLOCK_CODE .
Given that this is already done by many many Python libraries , it 's not much of a stretch of the imagination .
The benefit ?
Super nice Pythonic DSLs !
Anyways , that 's enough ranting for one morning .
What do you think ?
Let me know in the comments or on the Python - Dev mailing list .
— Thanks , @tav
Super Mario Bros Matryoshka Dolls Set
Super Mario Brothers have a lot of different artwork , designs and toys created for it , and this beautiful Matryoshka dolls set is not an exception to good quality of NES art .
It is a wonderful art creation that gives a sense of Low Tech to the different Nintendo art we are used to , including some old fashion style and a definite vintage touch .
Cmsturmhous has posted this handmade Matryoshka dolls set ( aka Russian dolls ) showing the great colors of all the different characters we know so well .
From Mario and Luigi leading the clan , the princess is present , along with Bowser , Toad , the turtle , and the additional enemies we become fond of .
At some of the closeups , it does look as if these truly open up and swallow the smaller doll up inside , thus storing all of the dolls within Super Mario .
I am waiting to see if this kind of art will also be made for other classic such as Zelda , though Mario ’s belly really makes these as a convenient storing place .
Image credit : Cmsturmhous Flickr
Last week , Bill Pascrell Jr. , a Democratic representative of New Jersey , publicly denounced Ticketmaster for offering marked - up tickets for a Springsteen concert through its secondary ticket marketplace , TicketsNow.com , when tickets were still available at face value .
After news of the planned merger broke , Mr. Pascrell called for the House Judiciary Committee to hold hearings .
“ There is an incredible potential for abuse when one company controls the primary and secondary market for concert tickets , ” Mr. Pascrell said in a letter to the committee .
“ That potential will surely be magnified exponentially should one company be able to control every aspect of recording , record sales , licensing , venue ownership and ticket sales . ”
The rationale for the deal does not appear to be cost savings .
Thomas Weisel Partners , for example , estimated that it would lead to just $ 50 million in annual savings , about 1 percent of combined operating costs .
The combined company , though , is expected to make the case that it will be better able to market its artists and fill stadiums .
But the deal also appears to be aimed at eliminating competitive threats that each poses to the other , particularly in the ticketing business .
Live Nation has started a ticketing arm , making it an intruder on Ticketmaster ’s main turf .
This so - called horizontal aspect of the merger could be the most important antitrust issue , lawyers who specialize in such matters say .
Regulators are normally reluctant to approve a deal that kills off a potential competitor in an industry , in this case ticket sales , that has lacked much competition .
In addition , both companies have been moving into artist management .
Live Nation has signed recording and touring deals with Jay - Z and Madonna ; last fall , Ticketmaster acquired Front Line Management , the largest artist management firm .
At the same time , record labels have been trying to reach deals with artists that include a cut  for the labels  of revenue from touring and merchandise .
Historically , record labels have not had access to those revenue streams , but in recent years profits and revenue from selling music from CDs have plummeted , and labels have been forced to seek new ways to make money .
The merger could present a major competitive threat to record companies in signing artists .
David Joyce , an analyst at Miller Tabak & Company , said in a research note that the rationale for the deal could “ include a desire by both companies , which now each have varying degrees of artist management contracts , to have greater bargaining position to potentially woo more artists away from the traditional label companies . ”
Does the Geithner Plan Reduce Credit Default Swap Risk Too ?
Credit default swaps ( CDSs ) are still a big issue .
Estimates of how much of the market is at risk vary , but the lowest I ’ve seen is about $ 15 trillion .
If that goes bad , we ’re probably talking another $ 3 or $ 4 trillion of damage .
While I agree that CDSs are an issue , I also think that taking bad assets off firm ’s hands makes defaults on CDSs more unlikely , and thus reduces exposure to them .
Of course , this really depends on whether the fundamental problem lies with the economy or the financial market — or both .
If the economy keeps going south , then bailout after bailout will be needed , defaults will happen anyway , and CDSs will be called .
If the combination of fixing the financial sector plus the stimulus bill and military spending is enough to stop the economy ’s downward spiral , on the other hand , then Geithner ’s plan may well do the trick ( once a couple more trillion are spent ) .
We ’ll see .
( Aside : Interest rate and currency swaps are about a 7 times larger market than CDSs .
The real risk is a currency meltdown by a major economy . )
Date : From : Jason Hickey < jyh@c ...>
Subject : Re : [ Caml - list ]
The new OCaml book ( Objective Caml Programming Language by Tim Rentsch )
Richard ,
Thank you for pointing this out , I was unaware of this book .
My book on OCaml ( currently circulating as an online pdf ) is under contract with Cambridge University Press .
I have n't read Mr. Rentsch 's book ( I just ordered a copy from Amazon ) .
I should point out that I have neither authorized nor endorsed Mr. Rentsch 's book , nor have I given permission to use any text that I have written .
It would be heartbreaking to me if this work were to be published without my permission -- I started writing in 2000 , and the text has been through many classes and much writing .
I must assume Tim wrote his text independently .
Still , I look forward to seeing a copy .
Jason On Fri , Feb 27 , 2009 at 11:40 AM , Jon Harrop < jon@ffconsultancy.com > wrote : > On Friday 27 February 2009 14:28:58 Tom Hutchinson wrote : >>
I know a people have resorted to just printing out the pdf of the >> draft .
Great to finally buy this in a normal form . >> >>
Never heard of the publisher though .
> >
Looks like the publisher was created just to publish this book , as we created > Flying Frog to publish OCaml for Scientists four years ago .
> >
The publishers were kind enough to send me a complimentary copy so I shall > blog a review on OCaml News in due course .
Suffice to say that the content > ( 264 pages from the main 17 chapters ) is excellent from a purely theoretical > standpoint and , I would say , targets undergrad computer scientists preparing > to sit exams about OCaml .
The book covers advanced topics in detail and > contains lots of academic exercises .
In particular , about a third of the book > is devoted to OCaml 's approach to object oriented programming .
> > -- > Dr Jon Harrop , Flying Frog Consultancy Ltd. >
http://www.ffconsultancy.com/?e > > _______________________________________________ >
Caml - list mailing list .
Subscription management : >
http://yquem.inria.fr/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/caml-list >
Archives : http://caml.inria.fr >
Beginner 's list : http://groups.yahoo.com/group/ocaml_beginners
>
Bug reports : http://caml.inria.fr/bin/caml-bugs >
I have compiled a list of over 50 Ruby - related blogs of Rubyists and companies , in alphabetical order .
The list is not intended to be all - inclusive , but it should give you a great start to read the blogs of some very talented Rubyists .
Individuals
Companies
Others
Which blogs do you read and why ?
I do n’t want to miss anyone obvious .
This post is also a good way for you to show appreciation to any Ruby developers / companies who ’ve had a positive effect on you .
Please post the name of the blogger / company , the name of the blog , the URL , the language ( English , Japanese etc. ) of the blog and why you like the blog .
Thanks in advance .
From the day after Barack Obama was elected president , Women 's Wear was speculating that wife Michelle might grace the cover of America 's fashion bible , Vogue .
Now it 's official .
Michelle Obama will smile out from newsstands all over the country this March , in a magenta sheath by Jason
Wu ( who also designed the first lady 's white , one - shouldered inaugural gown ) .
Photographer of the Queen and Suri Cruise Annie Liebowitz shot the cover and eight - page inside spread , which accompanies an article in which Obama speaks about motherhood - and of course , her personal style .
Every first lady since Lou Hoover ( except for Bess Truman ) has been photographed by the magazine , but Mrs Obama will only be the second to be on the cover .
The first ?
Her husband 's secretary of state , Hillary Clinton .
About 50,000 US and S Korean troops are involved in the military exercise North Korea has warned that any attempt to shoot down a satellite it says it plans to launch will result in war .
The South and the US believe Pyongyang could be preparing to test - fire a long - range missile under the guise of a satellite launch .
The North also says it has put its military on full combat alert as an annual military exercise by US and South Korean forces begins .
The official news agency called the manoeuvres a dangerous provocation .
On Friday , the North said that the risk of conflict resulting from the drill meant it could no longer guarantee the safety of commercial flights through airspace it controls off the east coast .
A number of airlines have already re-routed their flights as a precaution .
' Counter - strikes '
In a statement published by the official Korean Central News Agency on Monday , the Korean People 's Army warned that it was ready to use force against the South , the US and Japan .
Shooting our satellite for peaceful purposes will precisely mean a war
North Korean army statement
In pictures : US - South Korea drill " We will retaliate any act of intercepting our satellite for peaceful purposes with prompt counter - strikes by the most powerful military means , " it said .
" Shooting our satellite for peaceful purposes will precisely mean a war . "
The army earlier issued a separate statement saying all military personnel had been ordered " to be fully combat ready " in order to defend the nation .
It described the joint military exercise as " unprecedented in the number of the aggressor forces involved and in their duration " .
In protest , it has now cut off its remaining military hotline with the South and ordered its 1.2 million - strong army to remain combat ready .
The closure of the hotline , which is used to exchange information about people and goods crossing to an industrial zone in the North Korean border city of Kaesong , left scores of South Koreans working there stranded .
Following talks in Seoul on Monday , the new US envoy to North Korea , Stephen Bosworth , said any launch by Pyongyang would be " very ill - advised " .
A spokesman for South Korea 's defence ministry said the North 's threats were just " rhetoric " but that the armed forces were prepared to deal with any contingencies .
Last week , a report from Japan suggested it could send a destroyer carrying missile interceptor technology to the Sea of Japan ( East Sea ) in preparation for such an event .
Mr Bosworth is in the region to try to kick - start stalled six-nation talks on the North 's denuclearisation .
He said the US wanted to resolve the tensions through dialogue .
' Dangerously provocative '
The 12 - day military exercise involves about 50,000 US and South Korean troops , in what the two allies say is a rehearsal for the defence of the peninsula .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement But North Korea is always rankled by the annual drill , claiming that it is a dry run for an invasion and dangerously provocative , the BBC's John Sudworth in Seoul says .
Some observers in South Korea , though , believe the North may be using the exercise as a pretext to clear the skies of traffic ahead of a missile launch , our correspondent adds .
Last week , North Korea raised objections to the annual exercise at a rare meeting between its generals and the US - led United Nations Command ( UNC ) in the South .
Tensions have risen since South Korea 's President Lee Myung - bak began taking a harder line on the North on taking office a year ago .
In January , Pyongyang scrapped a series of peace agreements with the South over Seoul 's decision to link bilateral aid to progress on denuclearisation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cars are such an easy target for politicians looking to bolster their green image .
The latest is Oregon Governor Theodore Kulongoski , who has had the Speaker of the House introduce a bill that could make many aftermarket parts unavailable .
Tires are the main aim of the bill , which seeks to prohibit parts availability if there are choices that decrease greenhouse gas emissions .
It amounts to a back - door fuel economy standard , which is the jurisdiction of the federal government unless you 're California –and even they need a waiver .
The prospect of fitting Pilot Sports to your Geo Metro will be out the window if H.B. 2186 finds traction , and it could stick you with zero alternatives based on some myopic metric like rolling resistance .
Putting our legislators in charge of what equipment should be fitted to our cars does n't strike us as the brightest idea .
Hit the linked article for contact information , so you know who to call and excoriate .
Thanks , Charlie ! [ Source : SEMA
Bellhop Kitteh will take your bags now .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
ST . PETERSBURG , Fla. , March 16 ( UPI ) --
The recession has produced a new set of words to describe U.S. life , including " furcation , " " staycation " and " frugalista , " pundits say .
The St. Petersburg ( Fla . )
Times described " furcation " as " going someplace while on furlough or combining paid vacation days with unpaid days , " while it said " staycation " means " staying at home because you can't afford to travel during your days off . "
Advertisement
Other words making the Times ' list of " recession - speak " language were " frugalista , " which is someone who makes the necessities of being frugal into a fashion statement , and " Obamanomics , " which the newspaper said usually refers to U.S. President Barack Obama 's belief in replacing " trickle - down " economics with bottom - up prosperity but which in the pejorative sense can also mean " redistribution of wealth . "
Brown is Ugly
Well it ’s been a long , long time since I posted anything here .
If you ’re reading this it ’s either because we knock back drinks together at Mac events or you ’re someone I should be buying a drink for at a Mac event .
The basic idea I initially had for this blog was that I ’d post a series of Weird & Wonderful Cocoa tricks .
There ’s tons of great Cocoa content out there ranging from introductory to pretty advanced but it seemed like there was a hole in the Semi-Abusive segment .
I ’ve had a number of ideas I ’ve wanted to put up but with the pressures of the oppressive corporate world ( I work at a subsidiary of an umbrella company held by a Rogue Amoeba interest .
We ’re hiring . ) and various other things on my plate nothing ever gets written .
The thing about the Weird & Wonderful is that while it ’s easy to know if something is weird it ’s something else to know if it is indeed Wonderful and it ’s something even more else to be able to explain why it ’s Wonderful .
So in the interest of trying to keep my feed from turning brown in NetNewsWire I think I ’ll start to mix it up a little .
That said , let ’s get Weird & Wonderful .
Loopy Problems
You ’re too smart to be writing yet another loop .
Nine times out of ten it ’s mostly boiler plate – the operation you ’re doing can be easily explained in a couple of words but expressing it in code is cumbersome .
Even with Objective - C 2.0 ’s new for in iteration loops are still basically boring beasts .
Let ’s see what we can do to avoid them .
At the mega - giant corporation where I slave under the ever watchful eye of a hawkish manager we often need to iterate over Employees to create the endless reports required by our strict oversight committee .
We ’d like to be able to say , “ Give me the names of all Employees who ’s computers are idle for more than 5 minutes ” .
Here ’s how we ’d do it in Cocoa :
NSMutableArray *namesOfIdleEmployees = [ NSMutableArray array ] ; for ( Employee * employee in allEmployees ) { if ( employee.idleTime > 5 ) { [ namesOfIdleEmployees addObject : employee.name ] ; } }
Now , sure , that does n’t look like much code and it ’s not really arduous to write but you ’ve got better things to do with your time than crank out code like that .
Like make more money for your overlords .
They love that .
So what are we actually doing in that loop ?
How would we express it in words ?
Maybe “ collect the names of employees who are idle for more than five minutes ” .
That sounds like a nice concise order , one you could pretty easily turn into a method on the collection .
But if you did that in this case there ’s a billion other cases you ’d have to do too .
And that gets more tiring that just doing the loops when you need them .
It would be nice if we could just ask the collection though .
Kind of like how we can ask for a @distinctUnionOfObjects .
However , to do that we ’d need to add our own array operators or override valueForKeyPath : or something weird .
Weird & Wonderful
NSArray * names = [ allEmployees valueForKeyPath : @ " [ collect ].{idleTime >5}.name " ] ;
Kind of nifty , is n’t it ?
What we ’re doing here is saying we want to filter based on idle time and any objects that pass the filter we collect their name .
Easy as pie .
To do this you do indeed have to override valueForKeyPath : – there ’s no way to add your own @style array operators .
That ’s ok though because once we ’ve overridden valueForKeyPath : we can get fancy with how we handle things and add some pretty powerful functionality .
method calls NSArray * results = [ myCollection valueForKeyPath : @ " [ collect ].name " ] ; Method calls go between [ ] ’s .
In this case since there ’s no parameter given an implicit parameter is assumed .
The result of this expression is basically : [ myCollection collect : @ " name " ] – the collect method iterates over the objects in the collection and gathers all the values for the key ‘ name ’ .
You can have more complicated method calls : NSArray * results = [ myCollection valueForKeyPath : @ " [collect].name.[componentsSeparatedByString : ' ' ] " ] ;
The result of this expression is that componentsSeparated ByString : @ " " will be called for the value of ‘ name ’ in each object in the collection .
The resulting array of components will then be gathered by the ‘ collect ’ call .
The end result is an array of subarrays containing the words of the name .
inline predicates NSArray * results = [ myCollection valueForKeyPath : @ " [ collect ].{salary >100}.jobTitle " ] ; Predicates can be specified between {}’s .
The predicate string is used to create an NSPredicate which is then used to evaluate the object .
If the object matches the predicate then it returns the value of the remainder of the keypath otherwise it returns nil .
In this case we use the predicate to filter the collection based on a salary .
Each object is checked if it ’s salary property is greater than 100 .
If it is then the value of it ’s jobTitle property is returned .
If it ’s not nil is returned .
Collect gathers the results ignoring any that are nil .
The end effect of this is that you ’ll get an array of all the job titles where salary is more than 100 .
inline value transformers NSArray * results = [ myCollection valueForKeyPath : @ " [ collect ] . <NSUnarchiveFromDataTransformerName>.imageData " ] ;
You may specify the name of a value transformer between <>’s .
The value transformer is handed the value of the remainder of the keypath .
In this case we use the unarchive from data value transformer and hand it some imageData .
The result of the transformer is then collected by ‘ collect ’ .
The resulting array would contain unarchived NSImage instances .
You may specify any of the build in value transformers by their constants or you can use your own value transformers names .
Some Examples
NSArray * waitsAlbumCovers = [ myRecordCollection valueForKeyPath : @ " [ collect ] .{artist like ' Tom Waits'} . < NSUnarchiveFromDataTransformerName>.albumCoverImageData " ] ;
waitsAlbumCovers now contains NSImage instances for each of the albums in my collection where ‘ Tom Waits ’ is the artist .
NSString * albumsTitles = [ myRecordCollection valueForKeyPath : @ " [ concatenate : * withSeparator : ' , '].{artist==' Tom Waits'}.albumTitle " ] ;
albumTitles contains a string of all Tom Wait ’s album titles separated with ‘ , ‘.
This example shows the use of a special place holder symbol .
The ‘*’ expands during evaluation to the remainder of the keypath .
In this case the resulting call on the collection would look like : [ myRecordCollection concatentate : @ " {artist== ' Tom Waits'}.albumTitle " withSeparator : @ " , " ] ;
The concatenate : withSeparator : method would then iterate over the contents of the collection and concatenate the value of {artist like ' Tom Waits '}.albumTitle placing the separator in between .
Implementation
The code for all this is actually surprisingly small .
It ’s one file , one class which is n’t actually really used and a couple of categories .
Objective - C & Cocoa are just ridiculously awesome at times .
First up we need to override valueForKeyPath : .
That ’s totally possible to do – we make our own NSObject subclass then inherit everything from that and we ’re good to go .
Except that ’s a lame solution because then we ’d not be able to use these calls on stock Cocoa collections .
What we want is to replace NSObject ‘s implementation with our own .
On Leopard there ’s a new way of doing that : class_replaceMethod .
We use that early in the life time of the process ( in main . m before you actually kick off the AppKit ) and we ’re good to go .
The code for our version of valueForKeyPath : is also pretty basic .
We ’re given a “ key path ” which is a string with components separated by ‘.’ characters .
We just use componentsSeparated ByString : to grab each component then iterate over each one .
If we detect that the component starts with one of our special characters ( [ , { or < ) then we handle it .
Otherwise we just recurse down the component list .
collect : , concatenate : and other methods need to be implemented by each of the collection classes you ’d want to call them on .
Rather than code them for each kind of collection I hung them off NSObject in a category and , better , I also made NSObject be able to act as a collection by implementing NSFastEnumeration for it .
So now this is valid code :
NSString * exampleString = @ " Example string " ; for ( NSString * string in exampleString ) NSLog ( @ " %@ " , string ) ;
That ’ll print out “ Example string ” .
As far as I ’m concerned single instances should behave as collections of 1 item .
Adding this to NSObject does n’t effect NSArray , NSSet , or NSDictionary enumerations at all .
The real benefit of NSObject being a collection is that this , sort of contrived example , works :
NSString * jobTitle = [ person valueForKeyPath : @ " [ collect ].{hasNotBeedFiredYet==YES}.jobTitle " ] ;
You ’ll get nil or the jobTitle depending on the person not being canned yet .
The best way to check out the implementation though is to grab the source code .
It should be pointed out that this code should really be taken as a proof of concept .
There ’s so much room for optimization and general clean up it ’s not even funny .
It does , however , work , which is always nice , and it shows off what you can do with this kind of approach .
Also as a word of warning : I ’ve yet to use this in any sizable project .
It may also be a terribly bad idea for some reason that ’s escaped me but will no doubt be pointed out in the first comment .
All the warnings out of the way I think what you can do with this stuff is pretty powerful and will save a ton of boring loop iteration code .
It lets you more easily express what you want rather than the iterative steps needed to get it done .
And that ’s always a good thing .
Imaging centers can , if they choose , become accredited by the American College of Radiology .
That requires , among other things , scanning a phantom , a device that simulates a body part .
Technologists must also be certified , and there are standards for supervising physicians .
And the scanners must be regularly assessed to ensure they are properly functioning .
But many centers are not accredited , although the percentage is not known because there is no national registry of imaging centers .
Accrediting will be partly addressed by a little noticed aspect of a wide - ranging Medicare law passed last year .
After it goes into effect in 2012 , Medicare will pay only for scans done at accredited centers .
But imaging experts say the law fixes only part of the problem .
High - tech scanning is complicated , and there is no consensus on objective measures to ensure quality .
Even with the new law , there is still little assurance that scans will be appropriately ordered and interpreted or that a scanner will be up to date .
Image A poor - quality scan of a ligament , left , and one of high quality .
Many scans are done by machines that are a decade old .
Credit ... Images From Dr. Freddie Fu / University of Pittsburgh
Radiologists are struck by the wide variation in the quality of scans , and they say there is little patients can do other than to ask why the scan is necessary and , if it is , to ask about accreditation , the credentials of the person reading the scan and the age of the scanner .
“ The studies I see coming from the outside vary from marginal quality to very good quality , ” said Dr. Chris Beaulieu , a Stanford radiology professor .
“ Some of it is related to equipment , and some is related to people with very good equipment who do n’t know how to use it right .
And on the interpretation side , there is also a very wide range of quality or accuracy , in my opinion . ”
Interpretation can be crucial , Dr. Beaulieu added .
“ A good radiologist can sometimes accurately read scans off of a lower - quality scanner , ” he said .
“ I see that all the time .
A good radiologist and a lower - quality scan could be better than a bad radiologist and a good scan . ”
336 Hours is a nano - business experiement .
The idea is simple : create a nano business every 2 weeks .
Every week we will create a tiny business , online or not and share the experience with everyone .
ACLU demands Obama administration release prisoner abuse photos Jeremy Gantz
Published : Tuesday March 10 , 2009
Print This Email This Like most Americans , you 've probably seen the infamous Iraqi prisoner abuse photographs .
The American Civil Liberties Union wants you to be able to see more , and is demanding that the Obama administration release additional photos depicting abuse of prisoners by U.S. forces in both Iraq and Afghanistan .
Despite a unanimous federal appeals court panel ruling last year that ordered the Bush administration to do just that , the outgoing administration asked the full court to rehear the case .
But the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit has yet to do so , according to a statement released Tuesday by the ACLU .
" The Obama administration 's commitment to transparency is commendable , " said Jameel Jaffer , Director of the ACLU 's National Security Project .
" We want to make sure that this rhetoric becomes reality . "
The Obama administration has not weighed in on the case .
The ACLU has sought the release of additional prisoner abuse photos since 2003 , when it filed a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request with the government .
The Bush administration repeatedly stonewalled the request , refusing to disclose the images " by attempting to radically expand the exemptions allowed under the FOIA for withholding records , " according to the ACLU .
Faced with that rejection , the organization turned to the courts , filing a lawsuit for their release nearly five years ago .
In a letter sent Tuesday to the Department of Defense , the organization reminded the government that the federal court said " there is significant public interest in the disclosure " of the photos .
The ACLU 's ongoing FOIA lawsuits have compelled the release of more than 100,000 pages of documents , including memos authorizing CIA torture .
At issue are 87 photographs the ACLU believed were taken by members of the military at facilities in Iraq and Afghanistan , including the Abu Ghraib prison that became synonymous with US abuses after humiliating photos from there first appeared in the New Yorker in early 2004 .
Although the government stopped trying to fight the full release of Abu Ghraib photos after they all were independently published in 2006 , the ACLU says the Pentagon continues to keep hidden 29 additional images from at least seven different locations in Afghanistan and Iraq .
The Bush administration claimed that making additional photos public would " generate outrage and would violate U.S. obligations towards detainees under the Geneva Conventions , " the ACLU noted in its statement .
Last week , the Justice Department released incendiary Bush - era Office of Legal Counsel memos that provided a legal basis for suspending freedom of speech and press , ordering warrantless searches and seizures and locking up U.S. citizens indefinitely in the United States without criminal charges .
The administration later rejected the memos ' reasoning , just weeks before President Obama took office .
Writing at the Huffington Post Monday , ACLU lawyer Amrit Singh said that the release of those memos was " an important step toward restoring government transparency . "
But , Singh wrote , " withholding the prisoner abuse images would seriously undermine President Obamas recent directives on government openness . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
MOVE over , Mafia Cops !
More than 100 of New York ’s
Fin est were investigated last year for allegedly associating with criminals – from boozing with mobsters to pulling off robberies with gang members to even carrying on affairs with lowlife drug dealers , The Post has learned .
The figure represents about half of the serious Internal Affairs corruption investigations , according to sources .
“ It is one of the big problems the Police Department faces , ” said a source familiar with the NYPD ’s hard - charging efforts to root out wrongdoers .
In one astounding case , transit cop Yaniris Balbuena , 31 , was charged this month with laundering $ 250,000 for her heroin - trafficking common - law husband – even making money pickups on Bronx street corners for his far - flung operations , which reached into the Dominican Republic , federal documents show .
Balbuena at one point told her boyfriend he “ needed to change his lifestyle and live an honest life with a normal job . . . [ But ] he enjoyed his luxurious lifestyle and expensive cars , ” the documents say .
Balbuena and her boyfriend , who have two children together , limited their bank deposits to under $ 10,000 to avoid triggering bank reports , the documents show .
They held eight accounts .
Days before her arrest , narcotics cop Jerry Bowen admitted stealing drugs from dealers and giving them to informants as part of a deal to cooperate in a case against three Brooklyn cops nabbed with him last June .
Other high - profile arrests last year :
* Sgt. Roosevelt Green was caught on a wiretap running license - plate checks in his police car for reputed Long Island crack dealer Frank “ Big Banana ” Wilson , who was correctly concerned that he was being tailed by the feds .
Green , an 11 - year veteran , allegedly sold his badge for a pair of sneakers .
Green was indicted by the feds for helping out the drug dealer from his hometown of Wyandanch , LI .
* Jorge Arbaje - Diaz , a Bronx cop for three years , was charged federally with participating in a violent stickup crew that posed as cops while committing 100 armed robberies of drug traffickers along the East Coast , netting millions in cash and drugs , according to prosecutors .
He is suspected of committing the crimes virtually since the day he raised his right hand and swore to uphold the law , prosecutors said .
* Detective Luis Batista , implicated in a cocaine operation , enlisted fellow cop Sgt. Henry Conde to check Internal Affairs Bureau databases to confirm Batista was under investigation .
Both were charged federally .
The issue has been of increasing concern as the force has gotten younger and starting salaries have fallen .
Annual starting pay dipped to $ 25,100 a few years ago and has only recently been restored to $ 40,000 .
“ You pay a low salary , and people come from neighborhoods where they grew up with people who did n’t make the move ” in the right direction , one source said .
Not all the wrongdoing uncovered rises to the level of a crime .
Accusations of cops consorting with criminals are extraordinarily difficult to lodge because investigators must prove an individual was aware of someone ’s unsavory background .
And many cops wind up being warned to avoid their errant relations .
But the NYPD trial rooms are littered with cases in which cops are convicted of hanging out with “ known criminals , ” coupled with other departmental violations .
The NYPD declined to comment , but sources said the problem of cops associating with criminals was “ a thread running through a lot of administrative cases . ”
In a bid to analyze past cases , The Post requested NYPD records normally available for inspection at their public information office .
NYPD officials refused to provide them .
Despite the hurdle , The Post examined a nine - month sampling , documenting a dozen department convictions – including a Manhattan lieutenant forced to retire after threatening to beat up a girlfriend and a Bronx cop who lost a month ’s vacation for disclosing records to a criminal crony .
The NYPD poster boys for consorting with criminals are ex-Detectives Louis Eppolito , who boasted of having a mob capo for an uncle and penned an autobiography , “ Mafia Cop , ” and Steven Caracappa .
They were unmasked as being on the mob ’s payroll , pocketing bribes and participating in six murders – all while on the force .
“ A lot of guys have hard times cutting ties and saying no when someone invariably asks for a favor , a background or warrants check , or help making bail or expediting the system .
That ’s where it starts , ” a source said .
There ’s one brand of consorting that ’s impossible to stop , however .
“ How can you monitor who someone falls in love with ? ” one official asked .
murray.weiss@nypost.com
What is a trademark ?
A trademark is a word , slogan , symbol , design , or combination of these elements , which identifies and distinguishes the goods or services of one party from others .
The word trademark or trademark law is frequently used generically to encompass similar identifiers of origin such as service marks , collective marks , certification marks , trade dress , and trade name .
What is the purpose of trademark law ?
The primary purpose of the trademark laws is to prevent unfair competition by applying a test of consumer confusion and providing rights and remedies to the owner of the trademark .
The test for consumer confusion is to assure that the consumer can be confident that when buying a product or service bearing a particular trademark the product or service expected is actually delivered .
In other words , the consumer relies on a standard of quality established by the association of the trademark in the marketplace with the owners product or service .
If the owner of a trademark has spent time and money in presenting a service or product to the consumer , the owner should be able to protect this investment by being allowed to prevent others from using the trademark and profiting from the owners investment .
The value of the trademark is determined by the strength , or goodwill , of the association between the trademark and its source , and it is the consumer who determines this value .
Although the trademark identifies the source of the product or service , that source can be the manufacturing source , the selling source , or in case of universities , the source of sponsorship or authorization .
How do trademarks differ from copyrights and trade names ?
Trademarks are identifiers of commercial products or services ; business names , or trade names , identify a business for non-marketing purposes ; and copyrights protect individual , original works of expression .
The non-marketing uses of trade names include uses on stock certificates , bank accounts , invoices , letterhead , contracts , i.e. uses which identify the entity .
Trade names can also be trademarks when used to identify specific goods and services .
Copyrights do not generally protect individual words or slogans but will protect creative designs .
Therefore , a logo design could be protected by both copyright law and trademark law .
A copyright does not exclude others from developing similar or even the same design as long as the creation is independent from and the creator has not had prior access to the other design .
Similar trademarks , however , might not be permitted if the public would be confused or if the value of a strong mark would be diminished or tarnished ( dilution ) .
The owner of a trademark is the first to use the mark in interstate commerce and requires continuous use in commerce to retain ownership .
The owner of a copyright , depending on the circumstances , is either the creator or the employer and no publication , use or distribution is required .
The copyright owner has rights for a term of 50 , 75 , or 100 years depending on the entity owning the copyright .
The trademark owners rights are indefinite as long as the trademark is properly used and protected by the owner .
What types of marks receive trademark protection ?
Trademark law provides the greatest protection to the marks , which are distinctive , that is , out of the ordinary .
Types of inherently distinctive marks include : unique logos ( the Nike® swoosh ) ; made up words ( Kodak® ) ; fanciful marks , words that give an imaginative image ( Airstream® for motor homes ) ; arbitrary marks , words that are surprising or unexpected ( Apple® for computers ) ; and suggestive marks , words that cleverly describe the qualities of the product or service ( Contact® for self - adhesive shelf paper ) .
Words that are common or ordinary receive less protection unless they have developed public recognition due to their long use in the market place .
These type of marks are said to have acquired a secondary meaning .
Generic marks are common words that describe the product itself and can not be protected by trademark laws .
For example , the words Cheese and Noodles could not be protected by trademark if used on a food product consisting of cheese and macaroni .
How is a trademark protected ?
Preventing infringement is the best defense in protecting a trademark .
Preventative measures which can be taken include :
federal and state registration : A trademark does not need to be registered for the owner to prevent others from using a trademark or from using a confusingly similar mark .
Federal registration provides certain legal advantages to the owner when pursuing infringers .
One advantage is that it provides a constructive notice to the public which prevents anyone from claiming that they did not know the mark existed .
Federal law preempts state law so any state registration performed in addition to federal , is for purposes of notice only .
A trademark can be federally registered if it is used in interstate commerce .
The trademark is registered in the class of goods or services for which it is used .
It is possible to have multiple owners for similar trademarks as long as 1 ) the goods and services are not related , 2 ) there is no consumer confusion as to the source of the goods and services , and 3 ) there is no dilution of a strong mark .
use of notices : Using the ™ , SM or ® provides additional notice to the general public .
A registered mark may display the words Registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or Reg. U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off. or ®.
These displays may only be used with the registered trademarks and on the goods and services actually stated in the Certificate of Registration .
It is illegal to use the registration notice on unregistered trademarks or on unregistered goods and services .
Recovery of profits and damages in an infringement suit may not be available to the owner if a proper notice of registration is not given .
Proper notice is either the use of one of the three registered notices or actual notice as would be the case in a letter sent to the infringer stating that the mark is a registered trademark or as sometimes seen in documents where an asterisk is used to refer the reader to a footnote providing the notice .
™ or SM can be used with a non-infringing trademark without any formalities and can be used on any goods and services for which the owner wants associated with the trademark .
controlled licensing :
The law permits a trademark owner to license its marks as long as the owner controls the nature and quality of the goods or services bearing the marks .
pursuing infringers : Abandonment of a trademark can occur if the owner does not take action against infringers .
strong marks can claim dilution : Dilution of a mark is a type of infringement in which the infringing use does not necessarily cause confusion but tarnishes the image or blurs the distinctiveness of the owners mark .
Proper use of the trademark by the owner is also important to its protection .
The quality of the goods and services must be maintained for consumer confidence and for strengthening the trademark .
The owner should not weaken its own trademarks by using many alterations and blurring its distinctiveness .
The more distinctive , the stronger the mark .
The trademark owner can create a family of marks which keeps certain elements common among them .
If these common elements become recognizable by the public as trademarks of the owner , than it is possible for the owner to have broader protection for other marks that incorporate these same common elements .
( CNN ) -- A Saudi Arabian court has sentenced a 75 - year - old Syrian woman to 40 lashes , four months imprisonment and deportation from the kingdom for having two unrelated men in her house , according to local media reports .
According to the Saudi daily newspaper Al - Watan , troubles for the woman , Khamisa Mohammed Sawadi , began last year when a member of the religious police entered her house in the city of Al - Chamli and found her with two unrelated men , " Fahd " and " Hadian . "
Fahd told the policeman he had the right to be there , because Sawadi had breast - fed him as a baby and was therefore considered to be a son to her in Islam , according to Al - Watan .
Fahd , 24 , added that his friend Hadian was escorting him as he delivered bread for the elderly woman .
The policeman then arrested both men .
Saudi Arabia follows a strict interpretation of Islam called Wahhabism and punishes unrelated men and women who are caught mingling .
The Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice , feared by many Saudis , is made up of several thousand religious policemen charged with duties such as enforcing dress codes , prayer times and segregation of the sexes .
Under Saudi law , women face many restrictions , including a strict dress code and a ban on driving .
Women also need to have a man 's permission to travel .
Al Watan obtained the court 's verdict and reported it was partly based on the testimony of the religious police .
In his ruling , the judge said it was proved that Fahd is not Sawadi 's son through breastfeeding .
The court also doled out punishment to the two men .
Fahd was sentenced to four months in prison and 40 lashes ; Hadian was sentenced to six months in prison and 60 lashes .
In a phone call with Al Watan , the judge declined to comment and suggested the newspaper review the case with the Ministry of Justice .
Sawadi told the newspaper that she will appeal , adding that Fahd is indeed her son through breastfeeding .
A top Saudi human rights lawyer , Abdulrahman Al - Lahem , volunteered to defend the woman and the two men and has been given power of attorney by them .
He told CNN he plans to file an appeal in the case next week .
Efforts to reach Saudi officials at the Justice Ministry , religious police and other agencies were unsuccessful .
A spokesman for the Saudi embassy in Washington said he had no details on the case .
The case sparked anger in Saudi Arabia .
" It 's made everybody angry because this is like a grandmother , " Saudi women 's rights activist Wajeha Al - Huwaider told CNN .
" Forty lashes -- how can she handle that pain ?
You can not justify it . "
This is not the first Saudi court case to cause controversy .
In 2007 , a 19 - year - old gang - rape victim in the Saudi city of Qatif was sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison for meeting with an unrelated male .
The seven rapists , who abducted the woman and man , received sentences ranging from 10 months to five years in prison .
The case sparked international outrage and Saudi King Abdullah subsequently pardoned the " Qatif Girl " and the unrelated male .
Al - Lahem , who has taken on many high - profile cases in recent years , represented the girl and received an award from Human Rights Watch last year .
However , a travel ban issued by Saudi authorities kept him from traveling to London , England , to receive it .
Many Saudis hope the Ministry of Justice will be reformed .
Saudi King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz announced in February a major Cabinet reshuffling in which many hard - line conservatives , including the head of the commission , were dismissed and replaced with younger , more moderate members .
The new appointments represented the largest shakeup since King Abdullah took power in 2005 and were welcomed in Saudi Arabia as progressive moves on the part of the king , whom many see as a reformer .
Among ministers who 've been replaced is the minister of justice .
The actions of the religious police have come under increased scrutiny in Saudi Arabia recently , as more and more Saudis urge that the commission 's powers be limited .
Last week , the religious police detained two male novelists for questioning after they tried to get the autograph of a female writer , Halima Muzfar , at a book fair in Riyadh , the capital of the kingdom .
" This is the problem with the religious police , " added Al - Huwaider , " watching people and thinking they 're bad all the time .
It has nothing to do with religion .
It 's all about control .
And the more you spread fear among people , the more you control them .
It 's giving a bad reputation to the country . "
All About Saudi Arabia • Islam • Riyadh
From : x_seraphim
2009-01-31 06:45 pm ( UTC )
i can't decide if this highly disturbing or hilarious .
i'll go with both .
job well done .
From : greyling13
2009-02-01 04:51 am ( UTC )
The word you 're looking for is " hilaristurbing . "
Hilarious + disturbing .
Coined by Alexandra Erin on her online serial novel " Tales of MU . " NOT linking because it 's addicting as f-ing crack and I 've been clean for six months now .
From : jammiedodger
2009-01-31 06:45 pm ( UTC )
Best hourly comics EVER .
( no offense john campbell : P )
Edited at 2009-01-31 06:46 pm ( UTC )
From : inflationary
2009-01-31 08:02 pm ( UTC )
close , perhaps !
but alas , no cigar .
john campbell = win @ hourlies .
From : meewunk
2009-01-31 06:46 pm ( UTC )
Wow , what ?
I want to know whats going on behind all those black panels ...
From : xratedouroboros
2009-01-31 07:25 pm ( UTC )
So does he , meewunk ... so does he .
From : hostilemakeover
2009-01-31 06:47 pm ( UTC )
Win XD
From : eggstorm
2009-01-31 06:47 pm ( UTC )
So THAT'S how you run a successful webcomic !
From : qcjeph
2009-01-31 06:51 pm ( UTC )
You'd be amazed how many people do it the wrong way !
From : devalmont
2009-01-31 06:47 pm ( UTC )
I read the 3rd panel , and then dearly hoped that my knowledge of German had failed me and that I had mistranslated .
Unfortunately , I had n't .
From : qcjeph
2009-01-31 06:52 pm ( UTC )
I was really surprised how quickly she learned how to say it in English
after our first " session "
( Deleted comment )
From : girl_on_a_wire
2009-01-31 06:50 pm ( UTC )
well this explains a lot ...
From : flamingrivers
2009-01-31 06:55 pm ( UTC )
do you like phil collins ?
From : michaeleen
2009-01-31 06:56 pm ( UTC )
When I grow up , I wanna be a webcomic artist !
From : rosalarian
2009-01-31 06:57 pm ( UTC )
I 've been murdering people every day and still do n't have as many fans as you . :P
From : pupdog311
2009-01-31 06:57 pm ( UTC )
So THAT would explain 11 last night ...
And while the size of the alleged fraud spun by Mr. Stanford and his colleagues pales in comparison to Mr. Madoff ’s scheme , the revelation that Stanford Group ’s returns may , in fact , have been ephemeral is likely to further erode confidence among investors who place money with investment advisers .
Image Robert Allen Stanford , the chief of the Stanford Financial Group .
Credit ... Joe Skipper / Reuters
“ I am extremely concerned .
On a scale from one to 10  infinity , ” said Brett Zagone , a Houston technology saleswoman who walked up to Stanford Group ’s Houston offices Tuesday to find out what had happened to the money she had invested there .
At the St. John ’s branch of Stanford ’s Bank of Antigua , a long line of customers waited to withdraw money as the news spread , Reuters reported .
Regulators , too , are likely to face tough questions as more is learned about Mr. Stanford ’s activities .
Already under fire for missing several red flags over the years in the Madoff case , regulators could face similar questions as Mr. Stanford ’s offshore banking activities caught the attention of law enforcement agencies dating as far back as 1998 .
In its complaint , filed in Federal District Court in Dallas , the S.E.C. accused Mr. Stanford , Mr. Davis and Laura Pendergest - Holt , the chief investment officer of both organizations , with misrepresenting the safety and liquidity of the C.D. ’s .
The Antiguan bank and its registered broker - dealer in Houston , which sold the C.D. ’s , were also named .
The bank claims $ 8.5 billion in assets and 30,000 clients in 131 countries , and the brokerage unit operates about 30 domestic offices .
Most witnesses , including Mr. Stanford , Mr. Davis and the Antigua - based bank ’s president , failed to appear to testify and did not provide any documents shedding light on the assets .
Stanford Group declined to comment .
Over the years , Mr. Stanford cultivated the profile of a successful American businessman , partly by burnishing his connections with athletes .
For example , the pro golfer Vijay Singh signed a deal to make the firm ’s logo , the Golden Eagle , the dominant brand on his apparel and golf bag .
A spokesman for Mr. Singh ’s agent declined to comment .
Mr Miliband seeks international co-operation to combat terrorism
The idea of a " war on terror " is a " mistake " , putting too much emphasis on military force , Foreign Secretary David Miliband has said .
Writing in the Guardian , Mr Miliband said the idea had unified disparate " terrorist groups " against the West .
He said the right response to the threat was to champion law and human rights - not subordinate it .
Mr Miliband repeated the views in a speech in Mumbai , India , the scene of attacks by gunmen last year .
Mr Miliband 's warning comes five days before the end of US President George Bush 's administration , which has led the so - called " war on terror " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The foreign secretary wrote that since 9/11 the phrase " war on terror " had " defined the terrain " when it came to tackling terrorism and that although it had merit , " ultimately , the notion is misleading and mistaken " .
The phrase was first used by President Bush in an address to a joint session of Congress on 20 September 2001 , in the aftermath of the attacks on New York and Washington .
Mr Miliband wrote that the phrase was all - encompassing and " gave the impression of a unified , transnational enemy , embodied in the figure of Osama Bin Laden and al - Qaeda " when the situation was far more complex .
Calling for groups to be treated as separate entities with differing motivations , he wrote that it was not a " simple binary struggle between moderates and extremists , or good and evil " and treating them as such was a mistake .
Terrorism is a deadly tactic , not an institution or an ideology
David Miliband
Foreign Secretary
Declining use of ' war on terror ' " Historians will judge whether [ the notion ] has done more harm than good " , he said .
The phrase , informally dropped from use by the UK government several years ago , " implied a belief that the correct response to the terrorist threat was primarily a military one - to track down and kill a hardcore of extremists " , he wrote .
But the stance he now promoted was international " co-operation " .
Highlighting US President - elect Barack Obama 's commitment to close the Guantanamo Bay detention centre , Mr Miliband said it was time to ensure human rights and civil liberties were upheld .
He suggested that the different organisations took advantage of the belief that they had one common enemy and a key way to tackle them was to stop this .
" Terrorism is a deadly tactic , not an institution or an ideology . "
Edward Davey , foreign affairs spokesman for the Lib Dems , said : " If the British foreign secretary had said this to President Bush many months , if not years ago , then it would have deserved some credit .
" Mimicking President - elect Obama 's lines days before his inauguration does not show leadership . "
The Scottish National Party leader at Westminster , Angus Robertson , accused Mr Miliband of hypocrisy : " This declaration by David Miliband and the Labour Party is rank hypocrisy .
His government acted as a poodle to the Bush doctrine in Iraq and elsewhere .
" People will not be misled by this wishful re-writing of history . "
Mr Miliband repeated his views on the " war on terror " in a speech at the Taj Mahal Palace hotel , in Mumbai , India .
The hotel was among several sites attacked by gunmen in the city last November .
He is in the country in an attempt to defuse tensions between India and Pakistan over the attacks which killed at least 173 people .
Mr Miliband urged Pakistan 's government to take " urgent and effective action to break up terror networks on its soil " and called for a resolution of the dispute over Kashmir .
His remarks irritated the Indian foreign ministry which issued a tersely worded statement saying the foreign secretary " is entitled to his views , which are clearly his own and are evolving " .
" However , we do not need unsolicited advice on internal issues in India like Jammu and Kashmir . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
' Girls Gone Wild ' Joe Francis Back in Jail
It looks like , founder of Girls Gone Wild , has managed to tick off a judge on top of the rest of his legal woes .
Francis was arrested yesterday after showing up for a court hearing five hours late .
He is accused of claiming more than $ 20 million in phony business expenses on his corporate tax return , including $ 3.8 million for his luxury home in Mexico and $ 10.4 million in consulting fees .
Those are some hefty consultant fees and it looks like the IRS is n't buying any of it .
Reason for being late ?
Francis told the judge that he had the " flu " , which apparently did n't sit well with her honor .
She ordered a U.S. marshal to cuff him and he was led away for booking .
Francis , who has already entered a plea of not guilty , is scheduled to appear for his trial on March 31st .
It 's hard to say how long the judge will let him stew in the slammer but we 're guessing Joe will make every effort to show up on time for his next court appearance .
Check out a couple of Joe 's previous mugshots below .
More celebrity mugshots here .
Photo : Wenn
OTTAWA COUNTY -- Questions are swirling around a multi-agency drug unit that 's taking heat after a Grand Valley State University student was shot by one of its members during a drug raid this week in an off - campus apartment .
BY THE NUMBERS
Here are recent statistics for WEMET , which operates in Allegan , Ottawa and Muskegon counties .
2006
Investigations : 629
Arrests : 447 arrests
Street value of seized drugs : $ 2.5 million
Forfeitures : Not available
2007
Investigations : 675
Arrests : 454
Seized drugs : $ 6.5 million
Forfeitures : Not available
2008
Investigations : 803
Arrests : 544
Seized drugs :
Not available
Forfeitures : $ 315,666
So far , investigators have released little information about the circumstances surrounding Wednesday night 's shooting that injured an unarmed Derek Copp , 20 .
The officer who fired the shot , an Ottawa County sheriff 's deputy , has not been identified .
But the West Michigan Enforcement Team has been making a name for itself for years , and since 2006 has seized more than $ 9 million worth of drugs off the streets , records show .
The team has about 25 officers , most of them undercover , drawn from a handful of West Michigan police agencies .
They all work under the supervision of the Michigan State Police .
For those who pursue a spot on WEMET , it 's not typical police work .
Authorities describe it as an intense job with no set hours .
" They 're always working , getting called out in the middle of the night , " said Allegan County sheriff 's Lt. Scott Matice on Friday .
His department has two deputies assigned to the team .
By combining the efforts of several departments , WEMET opens up access to state resources and provides added manpower for cases that demand many hands .
Members typically serve at least two years on WEMET , and come away with heightened investigative skills that the officer can then use when they return to street work for their departments , or take back to their detective bureau .
" What I like to see , when our guys come out of there , they know the players dealing with drugs -- they 're usually doing other property crimes , " Matice said .
The Ottawa County Sheriff 's Department currently has five deputies and one sergeant assigned to the team .
Others agencies involved are police in Holland , Grand Haven , Muskegon , Muskegon Heights and Norton Shores and the Muskegon County Sheriff 's Department .
Matice said WEMET often shares information with police agencies , and works with neighboring drug teams , like those in the Grand Rapids and Kalamazoo areas .
" They get ( suspects ) who travel all over the place , " he said .
RELATED CONTENT
• Derek Copp 's dad says GVSU student is not a drug dealer ; family wants information from cops
• GVSU shooting victim Derek Copp's YouTube videos , Facebook page make numerous drug references
• Police say deputy 's shooting of unarmed GVSU student will be handled like any other shooting investigation
• Father of GVSU student Derek Copp says son was covering his eyes from police flashlight when he was shot
• Derek Copp speaks : ' Give peace a chance , ' he tells GVSU rally
• GVSU students protest shooting of Derek Copp , hold " Why was our friend shot " signs
• Protests begin at Grand Valley State University after off - campus police shooting of student
• Shooting of Grand Valley State University student is fifth shooting this year by police in Kent , Ottawa counties
• Friends of Grand Valley student Derek Copp , shot by police in Campus View Apartments , accuse officers of overreacting
•
Video : GVSU student shot by police during drug investigation was not armed , police say
• Derek Copp is name of Grand Valley student shot , injured by police during drug raid
• Shot that hit Grand Valley State University student was fired by Ottawa deputy , state police say
• Complete coverage
E-mail John Agar : jagar@grpress.com
Three quiet and unknown Finnish engineers in their late thirties , Kim Nyberg , Kari Sydänmaanlakka , and Teemu Rantanen , have spent their working careers at the engineering software company Tekla in Finland .
Their clients have used the software they created to model several well - known buildings , including Frank Gehry ’s Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles , New York ’s Hearst Tower , the famous ‘ Bird ’s Nest ’ that is Beijing ’s Olympic Stadium , and the world ’s tallest building , Burj Dubai .
But if matters had turned out a little differently , these men — and a former colleague named Kati Suominen ( now Kati Borgers ) who could not be present at the interview — might have become known as the Fathers and Mother of the World Wide Web browser .
[ Editor ’s note :
This article is our first from Juha - Pekka Tikka , Xconomy ’s new Fellow from Stanford University ’s Innovation Journalism program .
“ JP , ” a reporter at Ilta - Sanomat , a major national newspaper in Finland , will be based in our Xconomy San Diego offices . ]
According to the trio , whom I met earlier this year in Finland , the Internet ’s rise and emergence as a daily working tool might have happened a year earlier than it did had their group been able to complete their project .
The four Finns developed a graphical , point - and - click Internet browser a year before the pioneering Mosaic browser on which Netscape Communications was based : the historical Netscape IPO in August 1995 is widely credited with starting the Internet boom .
“ Our 1991 X Window system browser , ‘ Erwise , ’ showed that a net browser was possible .
We were ahead of the times .
The next step , to commercialize it , did not happen , ” Kim Nyberg says .
Aside from some local media , the Finns have never before been interviewed about this remarkable story .
But Erwise has an important place in the Internet ’s birth history .
And its fate offers a case study of what happens when invention and innovation are not accompanied by funding , talent infusion , and a strong venture capital market or angel investor presence — all ingredients that Silicon Valley ( where Mosaic was funded and developed ) takes for granted .
In the U.S. , commercialization of the browser , now so much a part of our everyday lives , began in 1994 , after Marc Andreessen left the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois , where he and Eric Bina had developed the Mosaic browser the previous year .
Andreessen had moved to California following his December 1993 graduation and teamed up with Silicon Graphics founder Jim Clark , backed by venture capital powerhouse Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , to form Mosaic Communications , later renamed Netscape Communications .
Europe was quickly left out in the cold .
But for a few key factors , it did n’t have to be that way .
In 1991 , Nyberg , Sydänmaanlakka , Rantanen , and Suominen were young IT undergraduate students at HUT , Helsinki University of Technology .
The campus is actually located in Espoo , just a few miles from Helsinki and only half a mile away from the headquarters of Nokia Corporation .
At that time , Nokia was not internationally known .
The four were about half - way through their studies when they met that September at a HUT course on designing and coding software .
In Switzerland , meanwhile , Tim Berners - Lee had just laid the groundwork for the World Wide Web at the European Organization for Nuclear Research ( CERN ) .
He thought the Web would be a useful tool for researchers and others but was frustrated at its pace of growth , which he partly attributed to the lack of a point - and - click browser .
As he notes in his 1999 book Weaving the Web , “ We were so busy trying to keep the Web going that there was no way we could develop browsers ourselves , so we energetically suggested to everyone everywhere that the creation of browsers would make useful projects for software students at universities . ”
How did this project end up in Finland ?
It was largely because … Next Page »
Trending on Xconomy
Chronology of a Mass Murder ' The Scope of this Disaster Is Incomprehensible '
On Wednesday , Tim K. staged a massacre at a local school in Germany and then continued on a rampage that culminated with a police shootout and his suicide .
SPIEGEL ONLINE documents the tragic day .
The Next Generation
The development of NASA 's next - generation crew launch vehicle , the Ares I rocket , took another step forward as Alliant Techsystems , or ATK , successfully tested a critical piece .
ATK conducted a full - scale separation test of the forward skirt extension for the Ares I - X flight test at its facility in Promontory , Utah .
The Ares I - X test launch is scheduled to lift off from NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida during 2009 .
The rocket will climb about 25 miles in altitude during a two - minute powered flight .
The launch will culminate with a test of the separation of the first stage from the rocket and deployment of the accompanying parachute system that will return the first stage to Earth for data and hardware recovery .
The test simulated the separation event that will take place following the first stage flight of Ares I - X. During the Ares I - X flight , the booster will separate at the frustum , a cone - shaped piece that attaches the first stage to the larger diameter upper stage .
Image Credit : NASA / ATK
SEC Settles Enforcement Proceedings against J.P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
2003 - 87 J.P. Morgan Chase Agrees to Pay $ 135 Million to Settle SEC Allegations that It Helped Enron Commit Fraud Citigroup Agrees to Pay $ 120 Million to Settle SEC Allegations that It Helped Enron and Dynegy Commit Fraud Washington , D.C. , July 28 , 2003 -- The Securities and Exchange Commission today instituted and settled enforcement proceedings against two major financial institutions , J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup , Inc. , for their roles in Enron Corp .'s manipulation of its financial statements .
Each institution helped Enron mislead its investors by characterizing what were essentially loan proceeds as cash from operating activities .
The proceeding against Citigroup also resolves the Commission 's charges stemming from the assistance Citigroup provided Dynegy Inc. in manipulating that company 's financial statements through similar conduct .
As to J.P. Morgan Chase , the Commission filed a civil injunctive action in U.S. District Court in Texas .
Without admitting or denying the Commission 's allegations , J.P. Morgan Chase consented to the entry of a final judgment in that action that would ( i ) permanently enjoin J.P. Morgan Chase from violating the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws , and ( ii ) order J.P. Morgan Chase to pay $ 135 million as disgorgement , penalty , and interest .
As to Citigroup , the Commission instituted an administrative proceeding and issued an order making findings and imposing sanctions .
Without admitting or denying the Commission 's findings , Citigroup consented to the issuance of the Commission 's Order whereby Citigroup ( i ) was ordered to cease and desist from committing or causing any violation of the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws , and ( ii ) agreed to pay $ 120 million as disgorgement , interest , and penalty .
Of that amount , $ 101 million pertains to Citigroup 's Enron - related conduct and $ 19 million pertains to the Dynegy conduct .
The Commission intends to direct the money paid by J.P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup to fraud victims ( $ 236 million to Enron fraud victims and $ 19 million to Dynegy fraud victims ) pursuant to the Fair Fund provisions of Section 308 ( a ) of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
" These two cases serve as yet another reminder that you can't turn a blind eye to the consequences of your actions — if you know or have reason to know that you are helping a company mislead its investors , you are in violation of the federal securities laws , " said Stephen M. Cutler , Director of SEC's Enforcement Division .
His deputy , Linda Chatman Thomsen , added : " As today 's actions illustrate , we intend to continue to hold counter - parties responsible for helping companies manipulate their reported results .
Financial institutions in particular should know better than to enter into structured transactions where the structure is determined solely by accounting and reporting wishes of a public company . "
J.P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup engaged in , and indeed helped their clients design , complex structured finance transactions .
The structural complexity of these transactions had no business purpose aside from masking the fact that , in substance , they were loans .
As alleged in the charging documents , by engaging in certain structural contortions , these financial institutions helped their clients : ( 1 ) inflate reported cash flow from operating activities ; ( 2 ) underreport cash flow from financing activities ; and ( 3 ) underreport debt .
As a result , Enron and Dynegy presented false and misleading pictures of their financial health and results of operations .
Significantly , with respect to Enron , both financial institutions knew that Enron engaged in these transactions specifically to allay investor , analyst , and rating agency concerns about its cash flow from operating activities and outstanding debt .
Citigroup knew that Dynegy had similar motives for its structured finance transaction .
As alleged by the Commission , these institutions knew that Enron engaged in the structured finance transactions that are the subject of today 's Commission actions to match its so - called mark - to - market earnings ( paper earnings based on changes in the market value of certain assets held by Enron ) with cash flow from operating activities .
As alleged , by matching mark - to - market earnings with cash flow from operating activities , Enron sought to convince analysts and credit rating agencies that its reported mark - to - market earnings were real , i.e. , that the value of the underlying assets would ultimately be converted into cash .
The Commission further alleges that these institutions also knew that these structured finance transactions yielded another substantial benefit to Enron : they allowed Enron to hide the true extent of its borrowings from investors and rating agencies because sums borrowed in these structured finance transactions did not appear as " debt " on Enron 's balance sheet .
Instead they appeared as " price risk management liabilities , " " minority interest , " or otherwise .
In addition , Enron 's obligation to repay those sums was not otherwise disclosed .
Specifically as to J.P. Morgan Chase , the Commission 's allegations stem from J.P. Morgan Chase 's participation in so - called prepay transactions with Enron which were loans disguised as commodity trades to achieve Enron 's reporting and accounting objectives .
These prepays were in substance loans because their structure eliminated all commodity price risk that would normally exist in commodity trades .
This was accomplished through a series of trades whereby Enron passed the commodity price risk to a J.P. Morgan Chase - sponsored special purpose vehicle , which passed the risk to J.P. Morgan Chase , which , in turn , passed the risk back to Enron .
While each step of this structure appeared to be a commodity trade , with all elements of the structure taken together , Enron received cash upfront and agreed to future repayment of that cash with negotiated interest .
The interest amount was set at the time of the contract , was calculated with reference to LIBOR , and was independent of any changes in the price of the underlying commodity .
The only risk in the transactions was J.P. Morgan Chase 's risk that Enron would not make its payments when due , i.e. , credit risk .
The Commission 's action with respect to Citigroup also stems from certain prepay transactions with Enron that , while structured somewhat differently than the Chase transactions , had the same overall purpose and effect .
Like the J.P. Morgan Chase prepays , the Citigroup prepays passed the commodity price risk from Enron to a Citigroup - sponsored special purpose vehicle to Citigroup and back to Enron .
As in the J.P. Morgan Chase prepays , Enron 's future obligations under the Citigroup prepays consisted of repayments of principal and interest that were independent of any changes in the price of the underlying commodity .
Additionally , the Commission 's action against Citigroup is based on two other transactions with Enron , Project Nahanni and Project Bacchus , each of which was also a structure that transformed cash from financing into cash from operations .
As the Commission found , in project Nahanni , Citigroup knowingly helped Enron structure a transaction , that allowed Enron to generate cash from operating activities by selling Treasury bills bought with the proceeds of a loan .
Project Bacchus was structured by Enron as a sale of an interest in certain of its pulp and paper businesses to a special purpose entity capitalized by Citigroup with a $ 194 million loan and $ 6 million in equity .
According to the Commission , however , in substance , Project Bacchus was a $ 200 million financing from Citigroup , because Citigroup was not at risk for its equity investment in the project .
The Citigroup action also contains findings relating to a transaction with Dynegy — Project Alpha — which was a complex financing that Dynegy used to borrow $ 300 million .
According to the Commission 's findings , Citigroup knew that Dynegy implemented Alpha to address the mismatch between its mark - to - market earnings and operating cash flow , and that it characterized as cash from operations what was essentially a loan transaction .
As Citigroup knew , Dynegy , too , was concerned that the mismatch between earnings and cash flow from operations would raise questions about the quality of Dynegy 's earnings and its ability to sustain those earnings .
In determining to settle its action against Citigroup , the Commission took into account Citigroup 's cooperation with the Commission 's investigation , as well as its timely efforts to resolve the matter .
The Commission brought its Enron - related actions in coordination with the New York County District Attorney 's Office , which , also today , entered into settlement agreements with J.P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup .
The Commission also acknowledges the assistance of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , and the New York State Banking Department in connection with today 's Enron - related actions .
Today , the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency entered into separate written agreements with Citigroup .
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the New York State Banking Department entered into a written agreement with J.P. Morgan Chase .
These agreements , between the institutions and their primary banking regulators , obligate them to enhance their risk management programs and internal controls so as to reduce the risk of similar misconduct .
With these two actions , the Securities and Exchange Commission has raised to six the total number of separate actions it has brought in connection with the Enron matter in the twenty months since Enron declared bankruptcy .
The various defendants and respondents include three major financial institutions , Enron 's former Chief Financial Officer , and eight other former senior Enron executives .
The commission has so far garnered $ 324 million for the benefit of the victims of the Enron fraud .
The Commission 's investigations relating to Enron and Dynegy are continuing .
For further information contact : Linda Chatman Thomsen , Deputy Director , Division of Enforcement — ( 202 ) 942-4501
Harold F. Degenhardt , District Administrator , Fort Worth District Office — ( 817 ) 978-6469
Charles J. Clark , Assistant Director , Division of Enforcement — ( 202 ) 942-4731 Additional Materials Available at www.sec.gov
See Also : SEC v. J.P. Morgan Chase ( Litigation Release No. 18252 ) ; In the Matter of Citigroup , Inc. ( Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Release No. 34-48230 ; Accounting and Auditing Enforcement Release No. 1821 ; Administrative Proceeding File No. 3-11192 )
The FBI searched the Massachusetts home of a man convicted of extortion in connection with the unsolved 1982 Tylenol killings , saying Wednesday that the bureau had reopened the investigation because of advances in forensics and tips to law enforcement .
The announcement was the first indication that authorities had n’t given up on solving the seven Chicago - area killings , which terrorized the nation and led to tamper - resistant packaging .
Tylenol capsules had been filled with cyanide and returned to stores , where random consumers purchased them .
The FBI said federal , state and local authorities were conducting “ a complete review of all evidence ” compiled over the years , but it was unclear whether authorities were close to charging anyone .
After searching the Boston - area home and storage locker of longtime suspect James William Lewis , the FBI issued a statement saying the renewed investigation was prompted in part by publicity surrounding the 25th anniversary of the killings and the resulting tips .
Advertisement
“ My two innocent children left this world , ” a weeping Alojza Janus , 80 , of suburban Chicago , said in Polish after the announcement .
“ I hope they find the person who did it . ”
Her sons Adam , 27 , and Stanley , 25 , died of cyanide poisoning , as did Stanley ’s wife , Theresa .
The first victim was 12 - year - old Mary Kellerman , a seventh - grader who took two Tylenol for her cold before going to class Sept. 29 , 1982 .
Before anyone could help her , she was dead .
The others were Mary Reiner , 27 ; Mary McFarland , 31 ; and Paula Jean Prince , 35 .
“ We owe it to the victims ’ families to bring modern technology and current cold - case homicide investigation techniques to this case in the hopes of solving it once and for all , ” FBI spokesman Tom Simon said .
Advertisement
Investigators have long suspected Lewis , a tax consultant who had moved from Chicago to New York in September 1982 .
He was convicted of extortion after admitting that he wrote a letter to Tylenol ’s manufacturer the week after the deaths , demanding $ 1 million “ to stop the killing . ”
Lewis served more than 11 years in prison and was released in 1995 .
--
jcoen@tribune.com
Advertisement
gmarx@tribune.com
Halfway down into Edmund Andrews ’ piece in the Times about the bank ‘ stress tests ’ which start this week …
In yet another sign of distress for the banks , Citigroup officials were in active talks with federal regulators on Sunday night about the government ’s potentially buying a bigger chunk of the giant bank , according to a person with knowledge of the talks .
Citigroup officials approached the regulators with a plan that would allow them to convert a substantial amount of the $ 45 billion of preferred shares held by the government into common stock , this person said .
That would give the government a much bigger ownership stake in the company , and would probably increase the government ’s influence in the bank ’s business dealings .
Federal officials have already pressured the company to shrink itself and shake up its board .
Eric Dash has more at DealBook .
Seems to be an effort to get the government to convert its preferred shares into common stock ( and perhaps get other sovereign wealth funds to do the same — good point since the USG sort of is a SWF at this point ) to get into a better position ahead of the ‘ stress test ’ .
This is all to avoid having to come to the Feds for another lifeline .
And I confess I do n’t fully grasp the value implications of the stock conversion .
But it does n’t exactly inspire one with a great deal of confidence in Citi ’s viability .
And come to think of it , TPM banks with Citi .
Hmmm …
Late Update : FT has a bit more .
They say it would leave the US govt .
with a 40 % stake in Citigroup , though it seems unclear how the current shareholders can really offer anything less than a controlling stake now since the bank has essentially zero value .
It all seems like some sort of desperate last minute gambit in advance of the stress test when Citi ’s really not holding any cards .
Sort of like proposing mini-nationalization ( USG owning just under half ) to get the government off the idea of eating the full meal .
( The best discussion I ’ve seen is this one in the Journal . )
Latter Update :
As I read more about what ’s happening here , I almost wonder if this is the nationalization decision , just in a way that no one quite wants to concede , since it makes even more explicit that the US is effectively in control of the bank .
That said , the whole thing just seems to show that the institution is not viable .
So why are the existing shareholders holding on to anything ?
They ’re trying for yet another ad hoc temporary fix .
Which may be why the Feds appear to be hesitant , if not outright balking .
With unemployment numbers still rising and the words “ recession ” and “ stimulus ” working their way into nearly every news story and conversation you hear , people really have money on their minds : how to earn it , how to save it , how the government should be spending it better .
While economic issues are of the utmost importance for our nation right now , that does n’t mean we should forget about the other kind of green entirely .
Financial concerns and the increasing interest in frugality afford us an opportunity to refocus some attention on improving environmental - friendliness .
Many of the small changes we can make to help save the environment can help us save money as well .
Check out these simple ways to cut back on waste production while cutting back on spending .
Reduce use of paper products
Roughly 1/3 of household waste is paper .
I ’m not suggesting you cut out toilet paper and find a more environmentally friendly way of wiping your ass , but scaling back on products like paper towels is an easy way to reduce your waste contribution while saving a little money .
Cloth napkins , though more expensive at the outset , will help you save loads of cash over time .
Use them in place of paper napkins at mealtime , toss them in with the regular laundry and enjoy years of savings :
On sale , a 400 - count pack of Scott brand paper napkins costs $ 4.49 at Amazon .
If a family of six uses one pack each month , paper napkins can cost a household about $ 50 a year .
For the same amount of money , you can purchase 16 Fieldcrest cloth napkins from Target ( four sets of four at $ 11.99 each ) .
Quality cloth napkins can last years , and they are softer , gentler , and much more absorbent than basic paper napkins .
If you do n’t want to front the money for enough cloth napkins to cover every meal between wash cycles , get a few nicer ones to use whenever you have company and make the rest by hand from retired fabrics in your home .
Cut up old t- shirts and flannel pajamas to use as napkins on nights when it ’s just you and a bowl of mac ‘ n ’ cheese in front of the TV .
Old clothing can be recycled not only for cleaning your face , but your whole house .
Instead of using paper products to wipe down counters and glass in your home , turn clothing into rags and hand towels that can be thrown in the wash and reused , rather than tossed in the garbage can and deposited in landfills .
This is also a great way to avoid unnecessary spending on things like sponges .
Many of the sponges sold in supermarkets today are made from synthetic materials and often contain chemicals like triclosan , a pesticide that acts as an antibacterial agent .
Not only are these chemicals increasingly linked to health problems , but they cannot be removed during the water treatment process and have become increasingly problematic in our streams and waterways .
Even sponges that do n’t contain harmful chemicals are likely full of bacteria , increasing your odds of throwing them away after fewer uses and picking up new ones at the grocery store .
Do n’t .
If you do n’t want to entirely replace your sponges with reusable rags , at least save yourself the trouble of buying new ones by keeping them as dry as possible between uses and tossing them damp into the microwave for a few minutes every now and again to kill some of the bacteria .
Make household cleaners
While we ’re on the topic of cleaning — you can save lots of money and help protect plants , animals and marine life by ditching the chemical cleaners in favor of some easy - to - assemble alternatives .
Windex , 409 , Lysol , Fantastik all cost around $ 4 a bottle , and with the way these kinds of products are marketed and advertised , you ’re likely to end up with a different solution for every room in your house .
One product to clean the oven , one to kill the germs on the kitchen counter , another to get the mold and soap scum in the bathtub .
You ’re already $ 12 in and none of those products can safely clean your windows and mirrors .
You can make glass cleaner by putting equal parts water and distilled white vinegar in a spray bottle .
A tsp of baking soda mixed with hot water and a bit of castile soap becomes an all purpose cleaner that can be used in any room .
Why spend upwards of $ 8 on a bottle of Liquid Plumber that gives you at most two uses per container , when a cup of baking soda followed by three cups of boiling water is just as effective in unclogging drains ?
A box of baking soda retails for less than $ 1 .
Same with a bottle of distilled white vinegar .
Do n’t let fear of bacteria and germs rope you into wasting your money on harsh , unnecessary cleaning supplies .
You know what ’s equally effective at killing bacteria ?
Soap .
Ditch bottled water
There is perhaps nothing more detrimental to the environment than the pervasive consumption of bottled water .
It takes 1.5 million barrels of oil ( enough to power 100,000 cars for a year ) to produce the plastic for the bottled water consumed annually in the US alone .
Buy a washable , reusable water bottle and fill it with tap water .
Or if you do n’t have drinkable tap water , buy a Brita to filter the water first .
Like with cloth napkins , the savings are going to be long term , for both your wallet and the world .
Reuse containers as planters for herbs
If you do a lot of cooking , you may find yourself in frequent need of fresh herbs .
You can usually find them at grocery stores sold in little plastic containers that cost about $ 3 apiece and just barely have enough herbs in them to fulfill the requirements of your recipe .
Save some money and cut back on waste by buying the herbs you use most often at a nursery and recycling food containers for use as planters .
Chinese food containers , quart - sized yogurt containers , even the plastic containers that stores sell strawberries in can filled with dirt and stored on a windowsill or kitchen shelf to hold the herbs you need for cooking .
You wo n’t be throwing away the food containers and you wo n’t be throwing away the plastic that the grocery stores sell herbs in .
Most importantly , you wo n’t have to waste $ 3 every time you want a bit of fresh rosemary in your pasta sauce .
Do n’t waste food
Sounds simple enough , but you might not realize just how much food you throw away .
First , always store leftovers for eating later .
Let ’s say you have a dinner party and made way too much food , but the thought of eating leftover lasagna for the next week is wholly unappealing .
Freeze it .
You never know when you ’re going to be too sick , too tired or too busy to cook and having readymade food waiting in your freezer will help cut down the odds that you resort to just ordering take out .
You paid to make that lasagna and should plan to get your money ’s worth , even if it ’s not until a week or two later .
Conversely , resist the temptation to just throw away leftovers if the amount left is too small to constitute another meal .
Save it and take it as a side for lunch the next day or as a quick snack when you ’re really busy and know that dinner is going to be pushed back until pretty late .
Putting smaller portions on your plate is another way to limit the amount of food that ends up in the trash .
The smaller the portion , the more likely you are to finish what ’s in front of you .
Going back for seconds is not a big deal , but throwing away food that you served but could n’t finish is just a waste .
Similarly , throwing away food that ’s a bit past its prime is another way to throw away money .
Obviously you do n’t want to eat moldy or rotten food , but if you ’ve paid for something , you might as well do anything you can to make use of it .
Browned bananas or mushy berries are great for making smoothies .
They may be too overripe to eat as is , but when blended up with some yogurt and ice , that previously nasty mushiness becomes a flavorful drink .
Overly soft tomatoes can be turned into pasta sauce .
Wilting or browned vegetables can be used to create a vegetable stock .
There are lots of ways to make the most of the money you spent while cutting back on the amount of waste you create .
Inhaltsübersicht :
> http://www.lgkarlsruhe.de/servlet/PB/menu/1160451_ePRJ-BAWUE20-NB_psitemap/index.html?ROOT=1160451
Rechtsanwälte :
> http://www.lgkarlsruhe.de/servlet/PB/menu/1160536/index.html?ROOT=1160451
Bundesrechtsanwaltskammer :
> http://www.brak.de/seiten/09.php#verzeichnis
Anwalt24 :
> http://www.anwalt24.de/
Lawers.com :
> http://www.lawyers.com/
Our Blog :
> http://www.lawyers.com/our-blog/
Conficker :
> http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/03/19/the-conficker-worm-april-fools-joke-or-unthinkable-disaster/?apage=4
Internet :
> http://www.nytimes.com/pages/technology/internet/index.html
Link by Link :
> http://www.nytimes.com/2009/03/30/technology/internet/30link.html?ref=internet
Wikileaks :
> http://wikileaks.org/
Alle Links sind direkt klickbar , die Eingabe von Suchbegriffen ist
nicht nötig .
Jeder neue Absatz ist eine neue Site .
Womit bewiesen
wäre , dass das Landgericht Karlsruhe die Verbreitung von
Kinderpornografie fördert und sich solche Inhalte zu eigen macht .
Wann werden dort die Rechner beschlagnahmt ?
Ist schon bekannt ob Herr
Ulrich Goll FDP ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ulrich_Goll), seines
Zeichens Justizmnister von Baden - Würtemberg zurück tritt ?
Auffällig
auch die vielen Anwaltsseiten welche auf dem Weg dorthin verlinkt
sind .
Handelt es sich dabei um ein konspirativ agierendes
Tarnnetzwerk Pädophiler ?
Fragen über Fragen .
KayHH
Awakening Councils have helped improve security
The US defence department says the fundamental character of the conflict in Iraq remains unchanged , despite dramatic security improvements there .
In its quarterly report to Congress , it said Iraq remained locked in a communal struggle for power and resources .
The Pentagon also expressed concern at the pace at which members of Sunni militias were being integrated into the armed forces or other government jobs .
The report identified Iran 's influence as the major long - term security threat .
" Despite continued Iranian promises to the contrary , it appears clear that Iran continues to fund , train , arm , and direct SG [ special groups ] intent on destabilising the situation in Iraq , " the report said .
The US military has increased its reliance on Iraqi troops and its allies among Sunni fighters to take the lead in security operations , which is reflected in the death tolls from the last month .
The number of Iraqi security forces killed in September rose by nearly a third to 159 compared with the same period last year , while US troop deaths for the same period fell by nearly 40 % to 25 , according to the Associated Press news agency .
Awakening move
The report comes on the day that US is beginning to transfer control of about half of the 100,000 local Sunni Muslim militiamen belonging to the so - called Awakening Councils into the Shia - led government .
Awakening fears for Iraq 's future Q&A : Iraq 's Awakening Councils " The Multinational Force in Iraq is transferring the responsibility of the [ councils ] to the Iraq government today , " a US military spokesman in Baghdad told the AFP news agency .
The move was announced at the beginning of September .
Last week a US commander said the Iraqi government would start paying their salaries in Baghdad from 10 November .
Members of Awakening Councils outside the capital would come under government control at later dates .
" The slow pace of transition is a concern , " the Pentagon report said .
Correspondents say the US is worried the Sunni fighters , if they are not given legitimate employment in the government , will rejoin the anti-US insurgency .
The Awakening movement was born in 2005 in Anbar province , when Sunni tribal leaders turned against former allies in al - Qaeda and worked alongside US troops .
The US military subsequently put tens of thousands of them onto its payroll and provided them with equipment and training .
The salary bill is thought to be about $ 360 m a year .
Their successful campaign ousted al - Qaeda from Anbar within a year , transforming the huge western province into one of the most peaceful parts of Iraq .
Awakening Councils are also found among Sunni Arab tribes in Salaheddin , Diyala , Nineveh and Tamim provinces .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
In one high profile move , the Guardian News and Media Group has dumped Microsoft Office and migrated 2400 users to Google 's Apps web - based platform , further highlighting the search engine 's SAAS alternative .
The move is expected to cost the group only $ 120,000 per annum , a fraction of what Microsoft Office would have cost .
GNMG revealed that 30 reporters had been using Google Apps on a trial basis during the Beijng Olympics last year and a complete email migration to Gmail will also occur in the next few months .
The Guardian 's move is likely to cause concern at Lotus as well as GNMG dumps Lotus Notes for Google 's SAAS Offer .
Google Application Premier Edition or GAPE comprises of Google Docs , Calendar , Sites , Video and Talk plus Gmail and email security provided by Postini .
A free cut - down version is available ( and is currently being tested inhouse ) and allows up to 50 employees to operate under the same domain .
Andy Beale , Guardian ’s technology director of Enterprise Operations , said that " Google Apps delivers on the promise of collaborative working and is so straightforward and familiar that we knew our users would embrace the technology " .
Apart from the cost of licenses , GNMG is also expected to slash costs by literally outsourcing storage , server and application maintenance and freeing more than 30 percent of the time normally spent by the IT support department .
Go To Page 2 for our comments and more related links
Our Comments
Media groups are often at the forefront of any technological revolution .
After all , they were the first to truly embrace the graphic user interface ( Apple Macs anyone ? ) and digital cameras before anyone else and the halo effect generated is worth many marketing campaigns .
The Telegraph also moved to Google Apps and it is likely that other media companies , crunched by the current recession follow suit .
Related Links
Guardian goes for Google Apps
( ITPro )
Guardian newspaper migrates to Google Apps
( Vnunet )
Guardian News rolls out Google Apps
( Computerweekly )
Guardian group swaps Microsoft for Google Apps
( Brandrepublic )
Google Ink rears its head
( Computerworld )
Guardian News & Media goes Google Apps
( ComputerworldUK )
The 2008 election voting patterns in the southern United States followed the big cotton production areas in 1860 which in turn followed the shoreline of the shallow tropical seas that covered the southern part of the US 85 million years ago .
This is not a political blog .
However , this is a story I could n’t pass up : the story of how voting patterns in the 2008 election were essentially determined 85 million years ago , in the Cretaceous Period .
It ’s also a story about how soil science relates to political science , by way of historical chance .
Headline I ’d like to see in 96 pt. type in the NY Times : Obama Elected By Rich Loamy Soils of Cretaceous Seas .
Bob Crow .
March 24 , 2009 -- Spectrezine --
Last week saw the launch of the ``No2EU -- Yes to Democracy '' electoral front , which is critical of the European Union and opposed to the Lisbon Treaty .
The alliance is an initiative of Bob Crow , head of Britian 's biggest transport union , the RMT .
Below , Crow explains why activists have taken the decision to challenge British Labour Party complaceny on this viciously anti-working class treaty .
* * *
It 's not every day I agree to head up a new left - wing EU - critical electoral alliance to stand in the European elections , but it was n't a decision taken lightly .
My union has been following developments in the European Union for many years and has debated the impact of EU treaties and various directives each year at its annual general meetings .
Many RMT members have suffered as the result of EU diktats such as the one which led to the privatisation of our rail network .
The EU drive to push market mechanisms into our public services has now appeared with the part - privatisation of postal services .
The EU mania for imposing increasingly discredited neoliberal economics on more than 500 million Europeans is also enshrined in the Lisbon Treaty , the renamed EU constitution rejected by French and Dutch voters in 2005 .
The treaty forces governments to hand public services over to private corporations .
That means handing fat cats control of railways , schools , postal services , energy and even social services across Europe .
According to the EU constitution , " A European framework law shall establish measures to achieve the liberalisation of a specific service . "
That provision remains in the Lisbon Treaty .
The current economic crisis was created by this right - wing economic dogma , yet , under the Lisbon Treaty , these policies become constitutional goals .
EU rules demanding the " free movement of capital , goods , services and labour " within the EU have also encouraged widespread social dumping where vulnerable exploited workers from across the EU are being used to drive down wages in member states .
Successive EU directives and European Court of Justice decisions have similarly been used to attack trade union collective bargaining , the right to strike and workers ' pay and conditions .
As a result , working people are feeling increasingly betrayed by a political elite that seems more interested in implementing neoliberal EU rules than representing those who elected them .
This crisis of working - class representation , along with the growing economic crisis , has led to a deep disillusionment , cynicism and general mistrust of politicians .
That is one of the reasons why Irish voters rejected the Lisbon Treaty in June last year -- because they too did not want an EU constitution that took away their hard - won democracy and effectively turned the EU into an undemocratic superstate .
Yet the resounding ``No '' by Irish voters was ignored by politicians across Europe who are clearly more wedded to EU institutions than their own electorates .
That is why Gordon Brown 's government reneged on Labour 's 2005 manifesto promise to hold a referendum and instead forced the treaty through parliament with Liberal Democrats ' and Tories ' help .
The Irish electorate has been told that it must vote for a second time on the Lisbon Treaty by October 2009 , having voted to reject it in 2008 .
Why ?
Because EU and Irish politicians have decided that voters in Ireland must be overruled .
To counter this assault on democracy , No2EU -- Yes to Democracy is fielding candidates on June 4 , 2009 , to give a voice to voters who feel betrayed by the main parties .
This crisis of democracy and the very serious economic situation is leading to a rise in support for far - right , fascist parties such as the British National Party .
Yet the BNP has no answers .
It peddles hate and seeks to undermine organisations that working people rely on to protect them such as trade unions .
No2EU --
Yes to Democracy is an electoral platform and not a party .
Our candidates will not sit in the European Parliament in the event of winning any seats .
Our candidates would nominally hold the title MEP but would not board the notorious EU gravy train .
This is because the European Parliament is , in fact , not a parliament but a very expensive talking shop with no law - making powers .
Those powers lie with the unelected European Commission .
A recent report showed that MEPs can make over £ 1 million from a single five - year term by claiming various allowances and even for assistants for whom no record exists .
British MEPs ' pay will even rise by almost 50 per cent after June 's election to over £ 120,000 .
While in the real world banks go under and hundreds of thousands of workers are losing their jobs , EU elites continue to enrich themselves at the taxpayers ' expense .
Lend us your vote on June 4 and we will continue to campaign against the EU privatisation drive and the widespread corruption that goes with it .
It 's clear that millions of people would reject the Lisbon Treaty if they were given the chance to and demand the repatriation of democratic powers to the member states .
The time has come to give these people a voice .
Vote No2EU -- Yes to Democracy on June 4 .
[ Bob Crow is general secretary of the RMT ( Transport Workers ' Union ) . ]
Left alliance set to shake up EU elections
March 19 , 2009 -- Morning Star --
Eurpoean elections on June 4 will be electrified by new left - wing electoral alliance No2EU -- Yes to Democracy , which launched on today .
Candidates are set to reach out to millions of voters across Britain , forcefully challenging the neoliberal economic onslaught from the authoritarian EU .
Rail union RMT general secretary Bob Crow , who is convener of the new platform , said millions of working people " feel abandoned by the main political parties . "
At the Westminster launch event , Mr Crow warned of a grave danger that , in the midst of the economic crisis , too many voters will be duped into voting for far - right parties such as the BNP .
He denounced the EU as " basically an arm of global capital designed to extend privatisation and make bigger gains for big business " .
He explained : " No2EU -- Yes to Democracy is an electoral platform , not a party , and our candidates will not sit in the European Parliament in the event of winning any seats . "
Coventry councillor and former Labour MP Dave Nellist said that , once the EU elections were over , supporters of the new platform would hold a convention to discuss tactics for the future .
Mr Nellist declared that the new alliance would " shake up the political establishment " and that , otherwise , there would only be a " sterile debate " in the EU elections .
He added that " you can not get a cigarette paper " between the three major parties .
He warned of " the risk of the rise of xenophobia and the far - right parties unless a working - class alternative is put forward in this election . "
The risk was particularly strong in the West Midlands and Yorkshire , he reported .
The No2EU website went live yesterday morning .
It exposes the EU constitution , now called the Lisbon Treaty , as a vehicle for imposing Thatcherite economic policies at a time when " this discredited neoliberal agenda is falling apart " .
A host of political activists and trade unionists have already signed up to support the new alliance .
Communist Party of Britain general secretary Rob Griffiths is among prominent supporters , along with Young Communist League general secretary Ben Stevenson .
Morning Star circulation manager Ivan Beavis joined the launch , declaring that the paper 's support was consistent with its " long record of solidarity with the labour movement " .
Socialist Party deputy leader Hannah Sell slammed the Lisbon Treaty as a " bosses ' charter " and hailed the new electoral alliance as " part of the process of helping to solve the crisis . "
The British people " do not want a return to the 1930s , " she said .
Indian Workers Association vice - president Avtar Sadiq slammed the EU internal market rules for creating " a race to the bottom in terms of wages and conditions inside the EU and a fortress Europe mentality " .
Mr Sadiq said the association 's support for the new platform was in line with its 70 years of anti-imperialist and anti-capitalist struggle .
Visit www.no2eu.com for more information about the platform .
A tortilla espanhola pode ser preparada de várias formas , e cada um tem sua própria receita , assim como um omelete , bolinho de chuva etc .
Eu peguei referências dos vídeos abaixo para preparar a minha tortilla , então se preferir , fique à…
Advertisements
Right winger Gary Bauer blew a gasket today and accused President Obama of confirming his worst fears by releasing GITMO detainees into the United States .
For good measure Bauer also implied that Obama is sympathetic to Islamic terrorism .
Here is what Holder told reporters yesterday , “ We are in the process of looking at all of the files of the people who remain held at Guantanamo so we can individualize determinations as to what should be done with them . ”
Gary Bauer , President of American Values said , “ The first obligation of the government is to keep Americans safe .
How can releasing enemy combatants , picked up on foreign battlefields , into American neighborhoods possibly safeguard our security ? ”
This is an interesting point that would be correct if Obama had actually decided to release detainees into America .
Bauer also implied the Obama as a secret Muslim theory , “ Americans were concerned when President Obama ordered GITMO closed without any plan for the thugs currently detained there .
We were rightly outraged when the Obama Administration followed that up by dropping the charges against the mastermind of the USS Cole bombing , which killed 17 American sailors .
Sadly , Attorney General Holder has just confirmed our worst fears . ”
Now what could Bauer have meant by confirming our worst fears , on one hand he was saying that Obama wo n’t keep America safe , but he was also bringing back the Obama is a Muslim lie .
Advertisements
Why else would Bauer suggest that Obama is making pro-terrorist decisions if he did n’t think that Obama is some sort of secret al - Qaeda sympathizer ?
Bauer also talked about America Somali jihadists that are organizing in the United States .
What does Somalia have to do with this ?
Well , Somalia is in Africa , which is where Barack Obama is from according to the far right .
Talking about blowing some remarks completely out of proportion , Obama is not going to release all of the detainees into the US .
The question of what to do with the 17 Islamic Chinese detainees , which was never mentioned by Bauer , is what the Obama administration is weighing .
The Obama is a secret Muslim whispering campaign is never going to go away , and right wing crazies like Bauer have no idea , just how insane they sound when they talk like this .
Obama is n’t Muslim , and he is n’t going to release detainees , who in Bauer ’s mind are already convicted terrorists , into the United States .
However , for people like Bauer the paranoid delusion is stronger than reality .
british artist willard wigan is the creator of the world ’s smallest sculptures .
his pieces are so small that wigan needs to use a microscope and to work between heartbeats in order to sculpt them .
tiny figures , buildings and landmarks ( invisible to the naked eye ) are carved from grains of sand and painted using the hair of a fly .
images © the artist / david lloyd gallery
in 2007 , a seventy - piece collection of wigan ’s work was purchased by former tennis player turned entrepreneur david lloyd , who insured the collection for a total value of 11.2 million GBP .
since then the artist was commissioned to replicate richard rogers ’ lloyd ’s of london building – with the resulting sculpture being as large as a pin head .
wigan ’s work is currently touring the UK with exhibitions planned for the US and canada this year .
more
willard - wigan : http://www.willard-wigan.com
wigan speaks to the telegraph about his work
—
via kottke
Your name Name of the person you 're dumping
You 're breaking up because
( Choose all that apply )
he / she is a total loser
he / she has changed too much
he / she is too selfish
he / she is arrogant
he / she is a liar
he / she cheated on me
he / she is too immature
he / she is not good enough in bed
he / she does n't treat me with enough respect
he / she has body odour issues
he / she drinks too much
he / she smokes too much
he / she does too much drugs
he / she never cleans up his / her mess
he / she does n't care enough
he / she forgot my birthday
he / she forgot our anniversary
he / she is a dick
he / she is just plain stupid
he / she is pure evil
I need more space
I found someone else
I 've lost that lovin ' feeling
I 'm moving away
he / she does n't make enough money
he / she does n't spend enough money on me
he / she is too clingy
he / she is getting too serious
he / she criticizes me too much
he / she nags me too much
he / she is too spoiled
he / she is always causing drama
he / she is too controlling
he / she is irresponsible
he / she has poor grammar
Do you want to stay friends ?
Yes
No
Typical lines to include :
( Choose all that apply ) It 's not you , it 's me
You 're more like a sibling to me
Give me back my keys
I saw you with him
I saw you with her
We just are n't meant for each other
I love you , but I 'm not in love with you
I 've seen rocks that are more interesting than you
Do you ever want to see him / her again ?
Yes
No
Not sure
Sign - off line - Select - Sincerely Yours truly Sorry Looking forward to our friendship
Wish it could have worked out Hatefully yours Screw off for ever See you in hell Get lost loser I hope maggots devour your testicles Enjoy your new freedom , slut I wo n't miss your ugly face Enjoy yourself Generate your email
this is the interieur of the turkish airliner that crashed wednesday at schipholnote : my first upload went berserk
Blacksburg , Va. – Researchers have unveiled the evolutionary origin of the different chromosomal architectures found in three species of Agrobacterium .
A comprehensive comparison of the Agrobacterium sequence information with the genome sequences of other bacteria suggests a general model for how second chromosomes are formed in bacteria .*
Agrobacteria are members of the Rhizobiaceae family , which also includes the benign , nitrogen - fixing organisms Rhizobium and Sinorhizobium .
Agrobacterium tumefaciens C58 is the workhorse of the plant biotechnology science and industry , thanks to its ability to insert its own DNA into host plants .
Members of the Rhizobiaceae have genetic architectures that span single chromosomes , multiple chromosomes and circular DNA molecules ( plasmids ) of various sizes .
The scientists used the sequence information of the genomes of three types of Agrobacterium ( biovars ) , two of which were recently completed , and compared the sequences with those of different bacteria to shed light on the origin of the different chromosomal arrangements .
Most bacteria have only one chromosome .
The Rhizobiaceae is an unusual bacterial family in that all of its members have either two chromosomes or one chromosome and very large plasmids .
Until this study , it was not clear how such multichromosomal architectures had evolved .
João Setubal , associate professor at the Virginia Bioinformatics Institute and the Department of Computer Science at Virginia Tech , commented : " Thanks to the efforts of the Agrobacterium Genome Sequence Consortium and the wider research community , we have sufficient sequence data available from different bacterial species to allow the inference of a general model for bacterial genome evolution .
It appears that the transfer of genes from chromosomes to large plasmids mediates second chromosome formation . "
" Examination of different genome sequences within the Rhizobiales family has revealed that gene migration is rife among the different replication units , " said Steve Slater , professor at the University of Wisconsin .
" Genes are not only migrating between organisms but they are also moving within the cell between chromosomes and plasmids .
The genetic organization of even essential genes in bacteria is much more complex and fluid than has been imagined . "
" The three Agrobacterium biovars for which we now have sequences – A. tumefaciens C58 , A. radiobacter K84 , and A. vitis S4 – provide an exciting snapshot of chromosome evolution in progress , " said Brad Goodner , associate professor at Hiram College .
" In Biovars I and III , Agrobacteria gene movements have produced second chromosomes derived from plasmids , while in the biovar II strain K84 the plasmid - based replicon has yet to reach second chromosome status . "
Derek Wood , associate professor at Seattle Pacific University , remarked : " The findings in this work provide substantial new evidence that second chromosomes in all bacteria studied to date have plasmid origins .
While other mechanisms leading to second chromosome formation seem possible , it is intriguing that this approach has been most productive . "
" Because of the biotechnological importance of Agrobacterium , the sequence information provided by these strains should be an invaluable resource for Agrobacterium researchers and the wider life sciences research community , " said Barry Goldman , Biotechnology Prospecting Lead at Monsanto .
Source : Virginia Tech
Bob Chapman | February 7 , 2009
Obama 's stimulus plan , aka the Political Payoff Plan or PPP , together with the second half of the TARP , aka the Paulson Ponzi Plunder Plan or PPPP , will deliver a shot in the arm to our economy that will be both brief and shallow , sending us careening on our way to hyperinflation , which will deepen the depression we are already in by sending interest rates skyrocketing and killing off what little business activity remains .
Interest rate swaps , with notional principal in the hundreds of trillions , will also implode at that time , administering the coup de grace to the world economy and financial system from which the Illuminati hope to form their one - world government , economy , currency , feudal society and religion .
The Illuminati may use the brief upsurge derived from the PPP and the PPPP as an opportunity to complete the Big Sting Two , where they dump their dollar - denominated paper assets in favor of tangible real assets via dark pools of liquidity and unregulated OTC markets out of the view of both regulators and the public , leaving all the non-insider sucker - dupes holding the bag full of the worthless fiat currency known as Federal Reserve notes ( aka toilet paper ) or paper assets denominated in such .
Dollar surplus nations who are tight with the Illuminists will be allowed to go on a spending spree and join in on the fun by spending their once - sterilized dollars , and this will then very seriously aggravate an already deadly bout of hyperinflation .
You wo n't know about what these other nations are doing , however , because the Illuminist - controlled FTC no longer publishes figures about foreign investment in the US .
How incredibly convenient .
When the Big Sting Two is set into motion , gold and silver will then go on a moon - shot , and if you do n't own any , you will be financially vaporized , and join the ranks of the other crispy critters who were too dumb to recognize that gold and silver are the only real money in this world .
The Illuminati are certainly aware of this fact , as they all collectively own tens of thousands of tons of gold and silver , which they have looted from their own central banks by stealing it outright , like the Rockefellers ' likely looting of what is now an empty Fort Knox , or by purchasing it at bargain - basement prices , like the Rothschilds ' purchases from Gordon Brown 's big gold giveaway of the UK 's national gold reserves via planned and publicly announced auctions at the bottom of the market .
The Illuminati have accumulated these tens of thousands of tons over many centuries .
This is their failsafe money and their possible backing for a world currency .
This is not a situation where , if you can't beat them , then join them .
This is a situation where you can beat them by joining them .
If you send gold and silver to new heights before they can bail out of their paper assets , you will deal a serious blow to their plans for world government !
Buy , baby , buy !!!
Our Treasury plans to borrow $ 493 billion in the first quarter versus a forecast of $ 368 billion .
Our new president believes our Fed Chairman , Ben Bernanke , will wave his magic wand and with his genius will save our economy and financial world .
Unfortunately , Mr. Obama does n’t realize that the elitist goal is not to save our country , but to destroy it .
Who in their right mind would even talk about using the printing press to save the financial system , or dumping money out of helicopters .
Being cavalier should not be the province of an economist .
Ben , in his speeches , conveniently forgets to tell listeners that he has increased the monetary base from $ 1 trillion to $ 3 trillion in just five months .
He is a modern day Hercules , he is .
Needless to say such policy ignites hyperinflation , which in turn puts downward pressure on the dollar .
The infusion of capital into the finance industry along with the increase in money and credit has not tempted banks to increase lending .
That monetary base is huge , yet no credit expansion .
Soon inflation will accelerate and normally Mr. Bernanke would withdraw cash from the system , but he does not have that luxury this time , because of the continually downward pull of deflation and asset destruction .
The implied safety of the dollar is already being questioned as we see both short and long - term interest rates rise .
Once these rates rise higher tremendous pressure will be put on the dollar and borrowing costs will rise .
These higher rates , as they rise , will attract lenders to some degree .
Money is never neutral .
As it enters the system it increases demand for goods and services .
Presently you have seen a large drop in retail sales .
Can you imagine how large that drop would have really been if this onslaught of money and credit had not been created ?
This injection also creates malinvestment , which as the boom ends creates more terrible problems , as unemployment rises further , wages fall and the dollar comes under further pressure .
These massive monetary injections distort the financial and economic structure making the final outcome much more devastating .
Central bankers fool themselves into believing that they can control what they are doing when in fact they have no real control .
The big question is when will some foreign nations break ranks and become dollar sellers ?
We believe that will happen when Treasury sales fail and debt has to be monetized by the Fed .
Then the panic will begin .
This is why you have to be long gold and silver assets now , so you do not get left in the dust .
Harry Markopolos , a former money manager , who sought to convince regulators for 9 years that Bernard Madoff was a fraud , said the SEC suffers from investigative ineptitude .
He is too kind .
The SEC was in on it .
They knew what was going on .
They protected the fraud .
They protect all the connecteded insiders .
They only close down small brokerage firms , small brokers and newsletter writers .
They knew all about Enron as well .
These are the same people at the SEC and CFTC who refuse to uncover the manipulation of gold and silver .
Markopolis gave the SEC a beating they ’ll never forget .
Unfortunately , he does n’t know what we know .
If he did he could have tied it all together and put a red bow around it .
The FDIC just three months ago said that $ 40 billion would carry the fund from 2008 to 2013 .
Magically that figure has jumped to $ 100 billion .
Late payments on credit cards has topped record levels and defaults rose sharply to just below all - time highs last month as consumers struggled .
The latest report on China ’s holdings for the end of 2008 are $ 900 billion in Treasury bonds and $ 600 billion in Agency bonds .
They have another $ 150 in corporate bonds , $ 40 billion in US equities and $ 40 billion in short - term deposits .
That is $ 1.72 trillion .
The US Treasury on Wednesday opened the floodgates of government bond issuance , revealing plans for a record debt sale in February and more frequent auctions in the months to come .
The announcement came amid growing fears about US government deficits and sent the yield on the benchmark 10 - year Treasury note rising to 2.95 per cent , up from just over 2 per cent at the end of December .
The rise in Treasury yields has been pushing mortgage rates higher , complicating efforts to revive the economy .
The US Federal Reserve said last week it was “ prepared to ” buy Treasuries if that would be a “ particularly effective ” way of reducing private borrowing costs .
The Treasury said it would sell $ 67bn ( £ 46 bn ) in new securities next week , the largest ever quarterly refunding , beating the last peak in August 2003 .
It may also start monthly sales of all its benchmark Treasury securities .
At the end of February , the Treasury will start selling seven - year notes every month for the first time since the issue was discontinued in 1993 .
Sales of 30 - year bonds will double to eight times a year and the Treasury will say in May whether the bond will be sold every month .
The Obama administration , aiming to overhaul the $ 700 billion financial - rescue program , is refocusing on an effort to guarantee illiquid assets against losses without taking them off banks ’ balance sheets .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is skeptical of setting up a so - called bad bank to hold the toxic securities , an option that still may form part of the final package , people familiar with the matter said .
Senator Charles Schumer yesterday said debt guarantees are becoming “ a favorite choice ” of options because a bad bank would be too costly .
The cost of President Barack Obama 's economic recovery plan is now above $ 900 billion after the Senate added money for medical research and tax breaks for car purchases .
[ We all know that eventual costs always greatly exceed original estimates . ]
US taxpayers may be stuck with losses on $ 30 billion of Bear Stearns Cos. assets owned by the Federal Reserve even though the central bank has said otherwise , according to Robert A. Eisenbeis , Cumberland Associates Inc. ’s chief monetary economist .
“ There is no prospect for a profit on the assets , ” Eisenbeis wrote in a report yesterday .
“ Losses are mounting . ”
No wonder the Fed will not reveal its holdings !
And how about all those TARP apologists braying that taxpayers would make money on the crappy paper that no one else wants !
The US Senate voted on Wednesday to soften a ” Buy American ” plan in its $ 900 bn stimulus bill after President Barack Obama expressed concern the original language could trigger a trade war .
They are gutless .
Senators , on a voice vote , approved an amendment requiring that provisions that upset Canada , the European Union and other trading partners be ” applied in a manner consistent with US obligations under international agreements . ”
Delinquencies on U.S. credit cards rose to record highs in January as the economic recession weakened consumers ' finances , Fitch Ratings said on Wednesday .
Payments at least 60 days late measured by a Fitch index rose 0.47 percentage point to 3.75 percent last month , after accelerating in the fourth quarter , Fitch said in a statement .
The previous record was 3.73 percent in February 1997 .
" U.S. consumers continue to struggle in the face of mounting pressures on multiple fronts , from employment to housing to net worth , " Michael Dean , a managing director at Fitch , said in the statement .
Concerns that the U.S. recession will deepen as foreclosures rise and businesses lay off thousands have sparked a flurry of unconventional moves to spur growth , including credit - easing measures that have already doubled the size of the Federal Reserve balance sheet to more than $ 2 trillion .
A Fed program to lend up to $ 200 billion to holders of ABS backed by new or recently issued consumer loans is expected by analysts to boost availability of loans for autos , education and credit card balances .
But rising delinquencies and charge - offs by credit card companies will hurt performance of asset - backed securities ( ABS ) supported by credit card receivables , Fitch said .
But downgrades are seen limited in the near - term , it added .
Total charge - offs on prime , general purpose credit cards from the December collection period rose 0.66 percentage point to 7.5 percent , up 40 percent from a year earlier and the highest since bankruptcy reforms caused a spike in 2005 , according to another Fitch index .
Fitch estimates charge - offs will near 9 percent by the second half of this year .
Retail store credit card delinquencies rose 0.12 percentage point to 5.2 percent , though the rate of increase has slowed for the second month .
Charge - offs on retail cards were flat at 10.51 percent , 44 percent higher than a year earlier .
The unemployment rate climbed in nearly all of the biggest urban areas in the U.S. during December .
The U.S. Labor Department Wednesday said jobless rates rose in 363 of the 369 metropolitan areas compared to a year earlier .
Elkhart - Goshen , Ind. , had the largest jobless rate increase from December 2007 , up 10.6 percentage points to 15.3 % .
At second place , Dalton , Ga. , rose 6.2 percentage points to 11.2 % .
Both areas were struck by manufacturing layoffs .
On Friday , the Labor Department will release its January employment report ; economists see the unemployment rate rising to 7.5 % from 7.2 % during December , with non-farm payrolls shrinking by 524,000 jobs .
The Institute for Supply Management said its non-manufacturing index came in at 42.9 in January compared with 40.1 in December .
The level of 50 separates expansion from contraction .
The index dates back to July 1997 .
Economists had expected a reading of 39.0 , according to the median of 75 forecasts in a Reuters poll , which ranged from 37.0 to 44.0 .
The service sector represents about 80 percent of U.S. economic activity , including businesses such as banks , airlines , hotels and restaurants .
U.S. commercial property prices by institutional investors posted their greatest quarterly fall in 22 years , according to an index developed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Center for Real Estate .
The transaction - based index , which MIT developed in 1984 , fell 10.6 percent in the fourth quarter , surpassing the record fall of 9 percent seen in the fourth quarter 1987 .
The index tracks the prices that institutions such as pension funds pay or receive when buying or selling commercial properties like shopping malls , apartment complexes and office towers .
" It now seems likely that this down market will be at least as severe as that of the early 1990s for commercial property , " Professor David Geltner , director of research at the Center for Real Estate , said in a statement .
The index fell a record 15 percent in 2008 , and easily surpassed the 9 percent decline seen in 1991 and the 10 percent drop in 1992 .
That period marked one of the most severe recessions in commercial real estate recession and was the result of the savings and loan debacle and U.S. tax code changes in 1986 .
The current downturn in commercial property is the result of the credit crisis , which has cut off debt financing for sales .
The U.S. recession has also dealt a blow to commercial real estate returns , as business tenants cut staff and office needs , cut hotel demand , or close stores .
The index declined a total of 27 percent from 1987 through 1992 , with most of the decline occurring in 1991 and 1992 .
The index 's performance means that prices in institutional commercial property deals that closed during the fourth quarter for properties such as office buildings , warehouses and apartment complexes are now 22 percent below their peak values attained in the second quarter of 2007 .
The index has fallen in five of the past six quarters , but the recent drop is by far the steepest .
The MIT Center for Real Estate also compiles indexes that gauge movements on the demand side and the supply side of the market that it tracks .
The demand - side index , which tracks prices potential buyers are willing to pay , has fallen for the past six quarters , and is down 23 percent for the year and 31 percent since its mid-2007 peak .
California today was branded the worst credit risk of all 50 states , after Standard & Poor ’s cut its rating on the state ’s debt because of the budget impasse .
S&P lowered its rating on the state ’s $ 46 billion in general obligation bonds to " A " from " A - plus , " citing " the state 's inability to reach an agreement on a mid- year budget revision and its rapidly eroding cash position . "
Until now , California and Louisiana had been tied for last place , at " A - plus , " on S&P ’s state ratings list .
Most states are rated either " AA " or " AAA . "
The volume of applications filed to refinance mortgages increased 15.8 % last week compared with the week before , as applicants looked past higher mortgage rates , the Mortgage Bankers Association said Wednesday .
Applications for mortgages to purchase homes fell down a seasonally adjusted 11.2 % for the week ended Jan. 30 as opposed to the previous week , according to the Washington - based MBA 's survey .
It covers about half of all U.S. retail residential mortgage applications .
The combined volume of home - purchase and refinance applications rose a seasonally adjusted 8.6 % on a week - to - week basis .
The four - week moving average for all mortgages was down 9.2 % .
Total application volume was down 26.9 % on an unadjusted basis compared with the same week in 2008 .
Refinancings made up 73.2 % of the total applications filed last week , up from 72.8 % the week before .
Adjustable - rate mortgages accounted for 2.1 % of applications , down from 2.4 % .
Rates on 30 - year fixed - rate mortgages averaged 5.28 % , up from 5.22 % the previous week , while the average on 15 - year fixed - rate mortgages increased to 5.15 % from 4.98 % .
The rates on fixed - rate mortgages had been little changed last week , following a dramatic move lower recently
Time Warner Cable Inc. says it is laying off 1,250 people over the next few weeks in the face of slowing growth at the nation 's second largest cable operator .
The Treasury Department is bringing back the seven - year note and doubling the number of its 30 - year bond auctions as it works to handle a soaring budget deficit projected to top $ 1 trillion this year .
Treasury said yesterday it will begin auctioning seven - year notes once a month starting this month , and will auction 30 - year bonds eight times annually , up from the current four per year .
The last time the government needed to auction seven - year notes was in 1993 .
The government also said it will auction $ 67 billion next week in three - year , 10 - year , and 30 - year Treasury securities , a record amount at a quarterly refunding .
The department on Monday said it will need to borrow $ 493 billion during the current January - March quarter , a record amount for this period .
That borrowing estimate follows actual borrowing of $ 569 billion in the October - December period , the record high for any quarter .
The Congressional Budget Office is projecting the deficit for the current budget year will hit a record $ 1.19 trillion .
That estimate does not include the cost of President Obama 's economic stimulus program , which is now above $ 900 billion in the measure being considered in the Senate .
Wall Street bond traders expect the total deficit for this year will hit $ 1.63 trillion .
The estimates for this year are far above last year 's $ 454.8 billion imbalance , the largest - ever annual deficit .
The deficit for the first three months of this budget year , which began Oct. 1 , totaled $ 485.2 billion , already higher than last year 's record .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Stocks opened lower Monday morning , with the Dow falling below 7,000 for the first time since October 1997 , after American International Group reported a massive quarterly loss and a restructuring of its bailout by the government .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) was down 96 points , or 1.4 % , to 6,966 points , 20 minutes after the opening bell .
The S&P 500 ( SPX ) index slid 11 points , or 1.5 % to 724 points .
The Nasdaq composite ( COMP ) was down 0.7 % .
Both the Dow and S&P are hovering at their lowest levels in about 12 years , as the market remains anxious about the state of the global economy and the world financial system .
" There 's a buyer 's strike right now in the stock market , " said Art Hogan , chief market strategist at Jefferies & Co .
He blamed the decline in futures on " ongoing concerns about the global recession , " noting that the European indexes were down 3 % to 4 % .
Asian markets closed lower , with Tokyo's Nikkei down 3.8 % .
AIG : AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) , whose status as a Dow component may be in jeopardy , reported a worse - than - expected $ 61.7 billion loss for the fourth quarter of 2008 .
The company blamed " severe credit market deterioration , " particularly in mortgaged - back securities , as well as charges from ongoing restructuring activities .
In addition , the insurer and the government announced a restructuring of the $ 150 billion bailout agreement .
Key components included the government 's decision to commit another $ 30 billion to the firm in exchange for cumulative preferred stock , and an exchange of an existing $ 40 billion preferred shares stake for shares that more closely resembles common stock .
Shares of AIG were indicated to open up 10 cents at 52 cents , bucking the market - wide plunge .
Dave Rovelli , managing director for Canaccord Adams , said investors were unhappy with the government 's $ 30 billion " donation " to AIG , because there are no expectations that the government will ever get its money back .
" How is [ AIG ] going to pay it back ? " said Rovelli .
" With what ?
There 's no way in God 's name that [ the government ] is going to recoup the money they 've lent them . "
Economy : Before the opening bell , the government released the personal income and spending data for January .
Personal income rose 0.4 % , beating expectations of a 0.2 % decline , according to a consensus of economic opinion from Briefing.com .
Personal spending rose for the first time in seven months , up 0.6 % , which was higher than the 0.4 % increase expected by Briefing .com consensus .
After the open , the Institute for Supply Management issues in February report on manufacturing .
The purchasing managers ' index is expected to have declined to 34 from 35.6 in January , remaining deep in recessionary territory .
Also after the open , a government report on construction spending is expected to show a 1.5 % drop in January after a 1.4 % swoon in the previous month .
Job cuts : Europe 's leading bank , HSBC ( HBC ) , said Monday that it would cut 6,100 jobs , all of them in the United States .
The bank also said it would close most of the branches of its U.S. - based consumer lending businesses , HFC and Beneficial .
In addition , the bank announced a full - year profit of $ 5.7 billion , down 70 % from $ 19.1 billion in 2007 .
HSBC stock fell more than 20 % in pre-market trading .
Buffett : Investor Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway ( BRK.A ) reported the worst results in the 44 years he has run the company , and only the second decline in net worth in that time .
In his report to shareholders Saturday , Buffett said Berkshire 's net worth fell in 2008 by $ 11.5 billion .
Oil and money : Oil fell $ 2.15 to $ 42.61 in electronic trading .
The dollar was lower against the euro and pound , but higher versus the yen .
Consider the following paradox : despite the declining productivity of the pharmaceutical industry , the past 20 years have been a golden age for biomedical research .
We have decoded the entire human genome as well as those of most of the viruses , bacteria , and parasites that have plagued us for centuries .
Our ability to understand the differences between normal and disease states has increased exponentially .
New opportunities to treat hitherto intractable diseases such as Alzheimer 's , cancer , and heart disease abound .
Advances in imaging permit us to detect diseases that were previously hidden , often at a stage early enough for life - saving intervention .
Computer models have given us powerful new tools for linking biological causes , disease effects , and probable consequences of specific treatments , while computer - driven robots allow us to sort though libraries of new drug candidates at a vastly accelerated rate .
In fact , the research departments of each large pharmaceutical company produce hundreds of ideas for new drugs each year .
Why , then , the slowdown in bringing these drugs to market ?
I believe that it is not a failure of science but rather the context in which such science is practiced .
The process of drug development is long and arduous , and throughout the entire process , a candidate is continually evaluated for market potential .
At large companies , products that are technically promising are terminated if the marketing potential is thought to be too small .
And the height of that market hurdle has risen as the profits of the large companies have grown .
Today , programs that are thought to have an annual sales potential of less than $ 1 billion are usually stopped in their tracks .
Some companies have abandoned their work in entire areas of medicine , such as antibiotics , because they believe the markets are too small to make a difference to their total sales .
This emphasis on the bottom line even influences the way clinical trials are designed .
Companies are in a position to choose how each new drug is deployed , and drugs that are approved for limited use have limited market potential .
Therefore , most clinical trials are designed to optimize sales , not to optimize the chance that a new drug will be approved for its most effective , if limited , use .
The results of this strategy are evident .
Fewer than one in 100 new ideas reach clinical trials , and fewer than 10 percent of these are approved for sale .
In the meantime , 10 to 12 years have typically elapsed between discovery and approval , consuming half the twenty - year patent life of each drug candidate .
And when drugs are approved , problems often arise in the quest for ever - larger markets .
In worst - case scenarios , the side - effects of approved drugs -- perhaps tolerable in small treatment populations -- are inappropriately minimized as the product is brought to mass markets .
In one such instance , the drug Vioxx , approved as painkiller rather than a treatment for a smaller group of aspirin - intolerant patient , had to be withdrawn five years after it was approved by the FDA .
Imagine the following situation : you have to compile some Linux / Unix application or kernel module that requires kernel source present at your hard drive , say , in /usr / src/ kernels / kernel - 2.6.21 -i386 / or elsewhere .
But there is not enough disk space to copy these sources or install kernel - devel or linux - source packages ( in Fedora / RedHat or Ubuntu / Debian distros respectively ) …
Sounds familiar ?
Believe me , sometimes it happens 🙂
As a solution you can mount the directory of some remote PC that contains needed kernel source .
It can be done via several protocols like smb , ftp etc .
In this article we will mount remote directory using ssh protocol that is one the most popular for remote and secure access to Linux boxes over the network .
Below are the steps which should be taken to get the ball rolling .
We need two packages : sshfs and fuse - utils .
1. Install necessary packages :
a. Ubuntu / Debian :
sudo aptitude install fuse - utils sshfs
b. Fedora / Centos / RedHat :
yum install fuse - sshfs fuse fuse - libs
c. Other Linux : download and compile sshfs / fuse from sources
2 . Check that kernel module fuse is loaded :
lsmod | grep fuse
There should be the line containing “ fuse ” in the output ( of not try modprobe fuse ) .
3 . Mount remote filesystem using something like this ( two commands ) :
mkdir -p /mnt/ sshfs /
sshfs remote-user@remote - machine :/ some / directory / mnt/sshfs
where remote - user is the username allowed to login remote - machine via ssh protocol .
It will ask you to type the password so just type it and press return 🙂
4 . That ’s it .
Good luck !
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
POLITICIANS often come to power with grand visions for reshaping their country 's relations with the rest of the world — because , if they told the truth , and admitted they were only going to tinker with what they had inherited , think how boring that would be .
But Kevin Rudd , who became Australia 's prime minister in 2007 , has better reason than most for describing his meeting with Barack Obama in Washington on March 24th as the start of a “ new and important chapter in the Australia - United States relationship ” .
The previous chapter , under John Howard , Mr Rudd 's conservative predecessor , had earned Australia the unflattering title of America 's “ deputy sheriff ” , thanks to Mr Howard 's unstinting support for George Bush on Iraq and much else .
According to Stephen Smith , Australia 's foreign minister , the Rudd government got rid of that reputation when it withdrew the country 's combat troops from Iraq last year .
Now Mr Rudd wants to go further , building up Australia 's ties in East Asia and working more through multilateral institutions , while seeking to be a partner of , not a deputy to , America .
The first test of that ambition will come in Afghanistan .
Mr Rudd has always backed the war but support for it among Australians has dropped steeply from the two - thirds of 2001 .
An opinion poll on March 24th showed just 28 % agreed with the idea of sending more troops to reinforce the 1,100 there now .
Ten Australian soldiers have died , two since mid-March .
Mr Rudd says he will listen to any request from America for more troops after Mr Obama 's review of the Afghanistan strategy , “ but listening … does not necessarily mean agreeing . ”
A bigger test will be his capacity to get Mr Obama 's backing for Australia 's ideas in East Asia .
Some of these remain fuzzy .
Mr Rudd 's pledge to make Australia “ the most Asia - literate country in the collective West ” basically involves pouring money into Asian language and culture courses in schools and universities .
But he also took to Washington an ambitious scheme for a new Asia Pacific Community which , he hopes , will transform Asia 's diplomatic architecture .
Australia has sounded out 21 countries as possible members , including America , China , India and Japan .
As Mr Rudd sees it , China 's emergence as an economic giant opens up political and security challenges that would be best handled by a new institution , not Asia 's plethora of existing bodies .
In a speech in Singapore last year , Mr Rudd suggested that Australia and other regional countries should seek to “ influence China 's view of its role and responsibility ” .
The Obama administration has pledged only to talk about this .
But Mr Rudd is likely to lobby hard .
Allan Gyngell , head of the Lowy Institute , a Sydney think - tank , argues that he dominates foreign policy more than any Australian prime minister before him .
At the least , turning the former deputy sheriff into a partner will do him no harm at home .
It may even give him more clout in Asia .
1 Create a new image : 1024 ×1024 px .
Do n’t be afraid – the splash screen will be cropped later
2 To create really varied light and dark parts in the image we ’re gonna use a combination of clouds and fractals .
tip : Fractals are objects that are repeated in itself .
If you zoom into a fractal the same part is viewed again , and again – infinite repeats .
To create a fractal in GIMP you can use the built - in fractal explorer .
- Filter / Render / Fractal explorer
Leave the settings as they are .
Otherwise – if you clicked something – press the reset button .
Activate the “ Fractals ” tab .
Select “ Explosive ” and press accept
3 - Create a new layer
- Filter / Render / Clouds / Plasma – use the preset settings and press OK
- Colors / Desaturate : Brightness .
Press OK
- Set the layers mode to “ Overlay ” .
( The layers mode drop down is found in the layers dialog above the opacity ruler .
4 - Press CTRL+M to merge the visible layers into one layer .
- Filter / Blur / Motion Blur : 200 / 20 .
After that repeat the filter by pressing just CTRL+F
5 - Filter / Map / Make Seamless .
Doing this makes it possible to put copies of the image to the right / left / top / bottom without seeing any border .
You can create seamless transitions with it .
That is needed for the next step .
6 In this step our main goal is to get nice and smooth waves into the image .
We ’re going to transform our picture into a fractal now .
Doing this will make your picture look evenly distorted and nice waves will be created .
Tip : Before I told you how you can imagine a fractal in a good way ( in the graphics environment ) .
That a part can be repeated nicely we ’ve just used the seamless - filter .
And that is why we can easily transform our pic into a repeated fractal now .
- Filter / Map / Fractal Trace ( Use the Values of the picture below )
7 Now we got some really smooth waves .
So it is now time to get some color into our image .
8 To get smooth colors that flow together we will first paint some color on the canvas and blur these colors afterwards .
- Create a new and transparet layer
- ue the brush tool .
choose a big brush size ( scale it to 10,0 ) .
Paint some big yellow - orangy dots .
Then use another color like orange or red , paint close by the first yellow dots .
Paint the yellow on the lighter parts of the background layer .
9 - Filter / Blur / Gaussian Blur : 300 px .
Set the layers mode to “ Overlay ” .
The yellow part should glare / shine a bit already .
Do n’t worry – this will be enhanced soon .
10 - Press SHIFT+C to use the Crop tool .
- Choose any part ofthe picture but the upper left part is pretty nice I think .
( Tip : You can transform the background layer , or flip it , rotate it … whatever you want until you found a nice part to cut out . ) -
I draw a selection that includes also some small parts ofthe blue / green color .
11 - Duplicate the background layer .
- Move the copy between the colors layer and the original background ( if it is not automatically there )
- Set the layers mode to “ Overlay ” .
- Colors / Curves : Apply this curve :
12 - Activate the colors layer : Colors / Hue -Saturate : Move the saturation ruler to +50 .
13 We ’re pretty finished already and we want to continue working on a copy of the current state of our image .
To do this :
- Edit / Copy visible
- Edit / Paste as new layer
14 Now we get to the particles part .
We would like to create the illusion of many lightning particles on the brighter parts of the picture .
Best used for this is the sparks brush .
- Choose the brush tool .
Select the yellow “ sparks ” brush .
Excellent for this are the new brush dynamics ( available since GIMP 2.6 ) .
Using them you can adjust size , opacity and randomness of the pained brush .
See the image for more detail : Make a selection at “ Pressure / Opacity ” , Random / OPacity and Random / Size .
Scale : 1,5
Jitter : 4,0
15 - Create a new layer and paint the “ particles ” in the upper left part of the image and also on some other bright parts ( as you like it ) -
Set the layers mode to “ Dodge ” .
Doing that the Shining / Glowing will be enhanced .
16 - In the layers dialog rightclick the particle layer and click “ merge down ” .
the particles are then copied to the layer below .
Darken the image if you enjoy more contrast / color images , use Color / Curves for that .
17 That the splash screen looks like a real splash screen we have to add some text now .
Use the text tool and write “ UNLEASH YOUR
OPEN SOURCE
GRAPHICS
POWER
NOW ! ” on a new layer .
Change the alignment of the text to right and set a line spacing so that the lines have only a very small space left between them .
Set the transparency of the layer to 10 % and move the text to the right .
See my image below for the other text alignements .
it should be easy to do this =)
18 here is another version :
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Some Democrats are increasingly concerned about President Obama 's $ 787 billion financial fix for the ailing economy , and are demanding greater transparency on further spending .
Rep. Earl Pomeroy , D - North Dakota , says there are big concerns over talk about a second stimulus package .
With the White House seemingly comparing the nation 's economy to a house on fire , some congressional Democrats are asking , where 's the fire truck ?
One New Hampshire congresswoman said as much to Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner on Capitol Hill recently .
" I said , hurry , please hurry , because people are waiting and they are hurting , and they need the help now , " Rep. Carol Shea - Porter , D - New Hampshire , said .
She 's one of a growing number of nervous Democrats on edge or at odds with some of the Obama 's administration 's plans on the economy .
Some are taking aim at the president 's budget proposals that would curb popular tax deductions for wealthier Americans .
Watch more on why some Democrats are nervous »
" I do n't think ultimately the criticism is surprising .
That certainly happens and is all part of the process , " said White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs .
As a nod to moderate concerns , Obama took steps to make his budget more transparent .
He included items former President George W. Bush passed separately in recent years to obscure the true operating cost of the government , such as the money for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , an annual multibillion - dollar fix of the fees Medicare pays physicians and Alternative Minimum Tax relief for the middle class .
Sen . Evan Bayh , D - Indiana , who along with Nebraska Democrat Ben Nelson and Connecticut Independent Joe Lieberman is one of the so - called Gang of 15 -- a coalition of moderate Democratic senators -- says it 's all about the messaging .
" Like getting health care costs under control is important to the economy and getting the deficit down , " he said .
" Sustainable sources of energy at reasonable prices is also important to the economy .
Dealing with the financial crisis is obviously important to the economy . "
Bayh added : " So what needs to be done is , Obama 's got to move on all these fronts but also integrate them back to the same theme of always strengthening the economy , getting people to work , growing businesses , improving our standard of living . "
Watch more of Obama 's solutions for the economy »
Rep. John Tanner , D - Tennessee , is a member of the " Blue Dog " group of 47 fiscally conservative Democrats in the House -- six of whom voted against Obama 's stimulus plan .
He said Obama at least is being honest about the dire condition of the economy .
" At least the budget that the Obama administration presented , even though it 's huge and it's a huge deficit -- and that enables the other team to beat up on it -- the truth is that it 's honest and truthful , " he said .
Democratic media consultant Steve Murphy , who represents several moderate Democrats , said that Blue Dogs are all " deficit hawks , " so they 're " nervous about spending . "
" They 're against giving more money to the banks without any accountability , they want to zero in on wasteful spending and they strongly believe the shrinking deficit and eventual balanced budget was the underpinning of our economic success in the ' 90's , " he said .
Murphy added that these Democrats do , however , realize that more money is going to be needed .
" So I expect them to be about greater accountability and fairness for the taxpayer .
They wo n't join [ GOP House Minority Whip Eric ] Cantor 's ' Hell No ' chorus . "
And that is something resonating with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi who said top economists told her a second stimulus package may be necessary .
" You have to keep the door open to see how this goes , " she said .
House Democrats , CNN has learned , heard that message in a meeting with top economists , who predicted the president 's stimulus plan will fall short of saving or creating three to four million jobs , as he promised .
" Over the first two years about 2 1 / 2 million jobs saved and created , " said economist Allen Sinai .
" A little less than the administration and perhaps Speaker Pelosi has said ... the jobs created may be a little disappointing . "
Sinai said that over time , the economy may produce the jobs president Obama promised , but that people should try to be patient .
But budget hawks in the party do n't like the sound of that .
" I mean , if we were to take a vote this afternoon , the stimulus package would probably fail , " said Rep. Earl Pomeroy , D - North Dakota .
" If they want substantial , more public funds committed , they 're going to have to go out there and explain precisely how this is going to work . "
Shea -Porter said she 's simply on the message she 's getting at town meetings back home , a message that 's also aimed at some in the media .
" It 's terrifying people .
Before , people were very optimistic and the leaders were optimistic .
Then we hit a spell here where we 're hearing a lot of media ... people who are frightening without necessarily giving both sides , " she added .
For now , the White House says it has no plans for another stimulus , arguing its plan needs time to work .
In other words , the fire is not out yet .
CNN 's Dana Bash and Time.com 's Jay Newton Small contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Democratic Party • U.S. National Economy
WASHINGTON , March 19 / PRNewswire / -- A Virginia federal court ruled Wednesday that four former Abu Ghraib detainees who were tortured and later released without charge can sue U.S. military contractor CACI International Inc. ( NYSE : CAI ) , according to their U.S. legal team .
U.S. District Judge Gerald Bruce Lee , of Alexandria , Va. , denied CACI ’s motion to dismiss the detainees ’ claims which allege multiple violations of U.S. law , including torture , war crimes and civil conspiracy .
CACI sought immunity against the lawsuits and claimed that the actions of its contract interrogators at Abu Ghraib were beyond judicial review .
Court martial and other testimony from the soldiers convicted of abuse link the company personnel to the abuse .
In a ruling important to accountability for government contractors in Iraq , the Court ruled Tuesday that “ [t ] he fact that CACI 's business involves conducting interrogations on the government 's behalf is incidental ; courts can and do entertain civil suits against government contractors for the manner in which they carry out government business .
CACI conveniently ignores the long line of cases where private plaintiffs were allowed to bring tort actions for wartime injuries . ”
The Court also rejected CACI ’s effort to shield itself from accountability by invoking the political question doctrine .
The Court found “ the policy is clear : what happened at Abu Ghraib was wrong . ”
The Court reasoned “ While it is true that the events at Abu Ghraib pose an embarrassment to this country , it is the misconduct alleged and not the litigation surrounding that misconduct that creates the embarrassment .
This Court finds that the only potential for embarrassment would be if the Court declined to hear these claims on political questions grounds .
Consequently , the Court holds that Plaintiffs ’ claims pose no political question and are therefore justiciable . ”
The plaintiffs are Suhail Najim Abdullah Al Shimari , Taha Yaseen Arraq Rashid , Sa'ad Hamza Hantoosh AI - Zuba'e and Salah Hasan Usaif Jasim Al - Ejaili – all of whom are Iraqi citizens who were released from Abu Ghraib between 2004 and 2008 without being charged with any crime .
The former detainees are represented by attorneys Susan L. Burke , William T. O’Neil and William F. Gould of Burke O’Neil LLC , of Washington , D.C. ; Katherine Gallagher of the Center for Constitutional Rights ; and Shereef Akeel , of Akeel & Valentine , PLC , of Troy , Mich .
The lawsuit alleges that the CACI defendants not only participated in physical and mental abuse of the detainees , but also destroyed documents , videos and photographs ; prevented the reporting of the torture and abuse to the International Committee of the Red Cross ; hid detainees and other prisoners from the International Committee of the Red Cross ; and misled non-conspiring military and government officials about the state of affairs at the Iraq prisons .
Susan L. Burke , of Burke O’Neil LLC , stated , “ The court ’s ruling is another step toward ensuring that this litigation will contribute to the true history of Abu Ghraib .
These innocent men were senselessly tortured by a U.S. company that profited from their misery .
Their stories remain untold largely because CACI never interviewed them – or any victims – before reaching and promoting hollow conclusions about what happened at Abu Ghraib .
These men came to U.S. courts because our laws , as they have for generations , allow their claims to be heard here . ”
Center for Constitutional Rights attorney Katherine Gallagher stated , “ Private military contractors like CACI can not act with impunity .
They must act within the bounds of law and must be held accountable for their participation in the atrocities at Abu Ghraib and the other facilities in Iraq .
We believe their actions and the acts of torture of their employees clearly violated the Geneva Conventions , the Army Field Manual , and the laws of the United States . ”
Shereef Akeel , of Akeel & Valentine , stated , “ This is a positive development for the torture victims to hold CACI accountable for the atrocities committed in the Abu Ghraib prison . ”
The case is “ Suhail Najim Abdullah Al Shimari , et al. , v. CACI Premier Technology , Inc. and CACI International , Inc. , ” in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia , Alexandria Division ( Case No. 1:08cv827 GBL )
For more case information , visit the Al Shimari v. CACI et al case page .
An Ashland church can import and brew a hallucinogenic tea for its religious services , according to a U.S. District Court ruling .
Judge Owen M. Panner issued a permanent injunction Thursday barring the federal government from penalizing or prohibiting the Church of the Holy Light of the Queen from sacramental use of " Daime " tea .
The church , which blends Christian and indigenous religious beliefs in Brazil , uses tea brewed from the ayahuasca plant in their services .
The tea contains trace amounts of the chemical dimethyltryptamine or DMT .
According to the church 's lawsuit , the tea is the central ritual and sacrament of the religion where members believe " only by taking the tea can a church member have direct experience with Jesus Christ . "
The Ashland chapter of the church filed its suit against the federal Department of Justice and Treasury Department in February arguing that the tea should be allowed under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act .
Panner ruled that federal drug enforcement agencies are prevented from prosecuting the church for importing , possessing and distributing the tea and as long as they abide by guidelines outlined by Panner in his decision .
-- The Oregonian
Palm just got official with its new webOS platform , running on the new Palm Pre .
According to the company , anyone who knows CSS , HTML and XML will be able to develop for the OS without having to learn any new languages -- sounds kind of like it's a jacked up browser with memory management , like Google Chrome .
The UI itself is simple and touch - based , with flick scrolling through lists and gesture support that goes " beyond the screen . "
The launcher comes up over apps without leaving them , and you can quit apps by just swiping up -- multiple apps and windows are managed using a " deck of cards " metaphor .
The Synergy sync system automatically manages your contacts -- all you have to do is log into Facebook , Google , and Outlook .
You also get consolidated IM from multiple services -- so , so sweet .
Typing on the keyboard brings up an instant search which pulls up apps , contacts , and even web queries .
All apps have access to an Android - like popup notification system , and urgent messages pop up , causing running apps to automatically resize so you can see everything .
There 's also a dockable control area that any app can use for persistent controls --
Palm 's using it for its music player , for example .
More pics after the break !
The press release is now live .
She looks and behaves pretty normally , except she thinks she has supernatural powers .
What kind of disorder is this ?
I have a girlfriend .
She is 24 , but as mature as a 40 - year - old — intelligent , wise , imaginative , romantic , sensitive , emotional .
She values true feelings and truth in front of any human quality .
But she says she has supernatural powers .
She says she can : cook eggs in her hands , move objects with her mind , change the direction of the wind and of sea waves , can put a person in a coma or even kill or heal .
But she would never hurt anyone , she says , and hate is something she never feels .
Once I pushed her to move some objects with her mind she said I am not ready but explained her powers in magnificent details , having answers to every one of my questions .
She answered all my questions for one hour .
Then she cried for several hours in her room and we were about to break up but calmed down later and says I still love you and we are together again .
I asked why she cried , and she said she felt like I was laughing at her .
Psychologist ’s Reply
There are two disorders that have the symptoms you describe in your girlfriend .
The first is a “ Personality Disorder ” called Schizotypal Personality .
Individuals with Schizotypal Personality are often considered odd and eccentric during their school years , reaching adulthood with a group of unusual beliefs , behaviors , and interpretations of life .
They are often preoccupied with paranormal , supernatural , extrasensory perception , and spirituality .
They often believe they have special powers such as :
predicting the future ,
the ability to read minds ,
the ability to control others with their thoughts ,
the ability to heal or diagnose ,
the ability to receive messages from the deceased , and
a host of other powers and abilities not normally associated with their culture .
Schizotypal Personalities often report physical and perceptual experiences that tend to justify their belief in having supernatural powers .
They typically report a variety of sensations and bodily changes that they link to their supernatural powers , as though a headache is receiving a signal from a spiritual source .
As part of Schizotypal Personality , she would exhibit ( according to the DSM - IV ) :
Ideas of reference :
The belief that unrelated objects , experiences in her environment are directly related to her , perhaps feeling she could see patterns in the way people walk nearby or feeling that she knew the radio would play songs in a specific order .
She may report the ability to read signs in nature .
Magical thinking :
The belief that she has supernatural / magical control over her environment , control of the air or ocean waves , healing , etc .
Mental telepathy and clairvoyance are often reported .
Unusual body and sensory perceptions .
Odd and unusual speech and thinking : Speech , thinking and language patterns may be viewed as peculiar by those around her , being overly elaborate , vague , or containing odd phrases / references .
Suspiciousness or paranoid behavior :
This experience being created by the excessive ideas of reference , eventually feeling others dislike them or are planning against them .
Inappropriate or constricted affect :
An impairment in their emotional response that may be unpredictable , very numb , or otherwise out of the expected range of emotional expression .
Odd and eccentric behavior and appearance : Exhibiting unusual rituals , superstitions , or strange behavior .
Attire may be unusual and can take on a “ costume ” appearance .
Lack of friends due to excessive social anxiety .
Try Online Counseling : Get Personally Matched
If her functioning in the community is as you describe — mature , imaginative , intelligent — this is the most likely explanation , a Schizotypal Personality .
A more serious possibility is a Delusional Disorder in which the individual exhibits a false belief ( delusion ) that is present with little or no connection with reality .
An individual with Schizotypal Personality may believe they can cook eggs with the warmth in their hands , while an individual with Delusional Disorder may think they can turn those eggs into chickens .
As a Personality Disorder — what you see is what you get .
The fact that she has answers to all your questions tells us this has been present for many years at this point .
In romance , it ’s often very difficult to tell what your partner is thinking and feeling .
In this case , it will be extremely difficult .
PRINCETON , NJ --
Although a majority of Americans believe the seriousness of global warming is either correctly portrayed in the news or underestimated , a record - high 41 % now say it is exaggerated .
This represents the highest level of public skepticism about mainstream reporting on global warming seen in more than a decade of Gallup polling on the subject .
As recently as 2006 , significantly more Americans thought the news underestimated the seriousness of global warming than said it exaggerated it , 38 % vs. 30 % .
Now , according to Gallup 's 2009 Environment survey , more Americans say the problem is exaggerated rather than underestimated , 41 % vs. 28 % .
The trend in the " exaggerated " response has been somewhat volatile since 2001 , and the previous high point , 38 % , came in 2004 .
Over the next two years , " exaggerated " sentiment fell to 31 % and 30 % .
Still , as noted , the current 41 % is the highest since Gallup 's trend on this measure began in 1997 .
Since 1997 , Republicans have grown increasingly likely to believe media coverage of global warming is exaggerated , and that trend continues in the 2009 survey ; however , this year marks a relatively sharp increase among independents as well .
In just the past year , Republican doubters grew from 59 % to 66 % , and independents from 33 % to 44 % , while the rate among Democrats remained close to 20 % .
Notably , all of the past year 's uptick in cynicism about the seriousness of global warming coverage occurred among Americans 30 and older .
The views of 18 - to 29 - year - olds , the age group generally most concerned about global warming and most likely to say the problem is underestimated , did n't change .
Dampened Concern
Apart from these findings about news coverage of global warming , the March 5 - 8 poll shows in a similar vein that Americans are a bit less concerned about the seriousness of global warming per se than they have been in recent years .
Six in 10 Americans indicate that they are highly worried about global warming , including 34 % who are worried " a great deal " and 26 % " a fair amount . "
Overall worry is similar to points at the start of the decade , but is down from 66 % a year ago and from 65 % in 2007 .
The 2009 Gallup Environment survey measured public concern about eight specific environmental issues .
Not only does global warming rank last on the basis of the total percentage concerned either a great deal or a fair amount , but it is the only issue for which public concern dropped significantly in the past year .
Also , compared with last year , fewer Americans believe the effects of global warming have begun to occur .
The figure is now 53 % , down from 61 % in March 2008 .
At the same time , a record - high 16 % say the effects will never occur .
( Prior to now , Gallup polling found no more than 11 % of Americans saying the effects of global warming would never happen . )
Most Doubt Warming
Is a " Serious Threat "
Altogether , 68 % of U.S. adults believe the effects of global warming will be manifest at some point in their lifetimes , indicating the public largely believes the problem is real .
However , only 38 % of Americans , similar to the 40 % found in 2008 , believe it will pose " a serious threat " to themselves or their own way of life .
This fear that global warming will pose a serious threat in one 's lifetime steadily expanded from 25 % in 1997 to 40 % in 2008 .
The drop this year to 38 % is not statistically significant ; however , it is the first time since 1997 that the rate of concern has not increased .
Bottom Line
Americans generally believe global warming is real .
That sets the U.S. public apart from the global - warming skeptics who assembled this week in New York City to try to debunk the science behind climate change .
At the same time , with only 34 % of Americans saying they worry " a great deal " about the problem , most Americans do not view the issue in the same dire terms as the many prominent leaders advancing global warming as an issue .
Importantly , Gallup 's annual March update on the environment shows a drop in public concern about global warming across several different measures , suggesting that the global warming message may have lost some footing with Americans over the past year .
Gallup has documented declines in public concern about the environment at times when other issues , such as a major economic downturn or a national crisis like 9/11 , absorbed Americans ' attention .
To some extent that may be true today , given the troubling state of the U.S. economy .
However , the solitary drop in concern this year about global warming , among the eight specific environmental issues Gallup tested , suggests that something unique may be happening with the issue .
Certainly global warming has received tremendous attention this decade , including with Al Gore 's Academy Award - winning documentary " An Inconvenient Truth . "
It is not clear whether the troubled economy has drawn attention away from the global warming message or whether other factors are at work .
It will be important to see whether the 2009 findings hold up in next year 's update of the annual environmental survey .
I 'm betting Michael DuBose , chief of the Justice Department 's Computer Crime & Intellectual Propety Section , is a Steven Seagal fan .
At a hearing held Tuesday by the US Sentencing Commission , Dubose warned that " cyber - criminals are increasingly using sophisticated technological tools like ' proxies ' to evade detection and prosecution . "
Naturally , I immediately thought of Under Siege 2 : Dark Territory , in which the flabbifying action hero must track down nefarious hacker Travis Dane ( playwright Eric Bogosian slumming for a paycheck ) , who has seized control of a government satellite weapon .
Just when the grim - faced folks in the government command center think they 've got a lock on the hijacked bird — bang ! — the screens are filled with 50 " ghost " satellites Dane has created to throw them off the trail .
Proxies !
In reality , of course , proxy servers and anonymous routing are not l33t haxx0r tools , but rather a feature of modern Internet use so commonplace and banal that Web surfers in corporate or university environments routinely make use of proxied connections without even knowing it .
But the Justice Department is urging the Sentencing Commission to recognize proxies as " sophisticated means " automatically meriting stiffer penalties when used in the course of a computer crime .
Pursuant to the Identity Theft Enforcement and Restitution Act of 2008 ( which wound up passing in September as a component of the Former Vice President Protection Act — ah , Washington ! ) , the Commission 's recommended penalties are supposed to take into account " the level of sophistication and planning " involved in a computer crime .
Someone who makes use of " special skills " or " sophisticated means " to break the law gets their offense bumped by two " levels " of severity ( out of a total of 43 ) when it comes time for sentencing .
Though a complex table determines exactly what that means in a specific case , in general an increase of two levels seems to be worth an additional four to six months in prison .
The current guidelines offer some examples of what count as " sophisticated means " : attempting to confound law enforcement by setting up shell corporations , establishing offices in multiple jurisdictions , or spreading ill - gotten gains among offshore accounts .
A proposed amendment to the commission 's guidelines would lump in proxy servers and anonymizers with such tactics :
In a scheme involving computers , using any technology or software to conceal the identity or geographic location of the perpetrator ordinarily indicates sophisticated means .
DuBose , who repeatedly sought to equate proxies with botnets , arguing that they are " often created by infecting victim computers with malicious software that permits the cyber - criminal to use the victim computer as a proxy without the owner ’s knowledge or consent . "
The broad language proposed — which , of course , would cover all proxies , not just clearly illicit tools like botnets — was necessary to give guidance to computer - illiterate prosecutors and judges , DuBose averred , and would " prevent any confusion by reflecting the Commission ’s unambiguous intent to include such sophisticated techniques within the scope of the [ sentencing ] enhancement . "
Several other witnesses , however , cast doubt on DuBose 's characterization of anonymizing technologies .
Seth Schoen , staff technologist for the Electronic Frontier Foundation , said that these tools " do not necessarily require technical sophistication or indicate unusual expertise ; they do not necessarily contribute to avoiding detecting ; and they do not necessarily indicate premeditation or a commitment to a course of criminal conduct . "
He noted that he himself had authored a manual explaining how any ordinary computer user could make use of proxies to avoid Web filtering or censorship .
He also urged the commission against conflating the sophistication of a tool itself — citing the anonymous and encrypted Tor routing system as an example — with the sophistication required to use it .
Attorney Jennifer Coffin , speaking on behalf of federal public defenders , concurred that a tool 's sophistication " does not mean that an individual using it has himself done anything intricate or complex , " noting that " most web browsers allow a person to route Internet activity through a proxy with just a few clicks of a mouse . "
Precisely because the technology is in such wide use , and for a variety of legitimate purposes , Coffin urged that a blanket sentencing rule made little sense , and that judges should determine on a case - by - case basis whether a criminal had used sufficiently unusual and elaborate means to merit a harsher penalty .
More generally , she argued , the deterrent effect of more severe penalties is typically dwarfed by that of the criminal 's estimate of the probability of capture and conviction — and computer criminals tend to have relatively low recidivism rates once they are captured .
Increasing punishment for criminals who use proxies , therefore , would be unlikely to either discourage their use or appreciably lower crime rates by keeping convicts off the street longer .
Symantec executive Vincent Weafer , who also testified , did not explicitly take a position on the proposed amendment .
He did , however , advocate " a behavioral approach that focuses on punishing bad behavior vs. regulating the technology . "
That 's probably sound advice , but if the Commission does decide to define all anonymizing tools as scary " sophisticated means " by default , I modestly propose that they follow their cinematic inspiration all the way , and sentence convicted hackers to be dropped from helicopters by ponytailed martial artists .
If we do n't stop them now , after all , the only result can be Global Thermonuclear War .
Listing image by Warner Bros. Pictures
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - Tibet ’s spiritual leader the Dalai Lama on Wednesday urged Europe not to appease China , saying that frank dealings and treating Beijing “ as a friend ” would best serve human rights .
Tibetan spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama , answers questions as he gives an interview in Brussels December 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Thierry Roge
The Dalai Lama is on a trip to Europe this week that is due to include a meeting with French President Nicolas Sarkozy -- an encounter that prompted China to call off Monday ’s long - planned summit with the European Union in Lyon , France .
However , the Nobel peace laureate urged the 27 - nation bloc , which sees China as a key potential player in global efforts to address the world economic slowdown , not to be alarmed .
“ There is a Tibetan saying : some wounds in the mouth recover by themselves , ” the 73 - year - old Buddhist monk told Reuters in an interview .
“ The Chinese had initially a tough reaction , but then it can go smoothly .
So as regards my visit ... -- at the beginning there was some kind of threat , then eventually not much sort of follow - up . ”
The Dalai Lama fled Tibet in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule in the mountainous region , occupied by Chinese troops from 1950 .
China calls him a “ splittist ” for advocating self - determination for his homeland .
Earlier this month China warned Sarkozy , whose country holds the rotating EU presidency , that the EU risked losing “ hard - won ” gains in ties with Beijing if he met the Dalai Lama .
The Dalai Lama acknowledged that relations with China , the world ’s most populous nation , were important , but said a firm approach was in the country ’s own interest .
“ There is a Tibetan saying that a more genuine friendship should be more frank .
That ’s important . ”
Slideshow ( 4 images )
“ During Chamberlain , just before the Second World War , too much appeasement failed , ” he said , referring to 1930s British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain ’s attempts to reach an accommodation with Nazi leader Adolf Hitler .
Analysts doubted the Lyon summit would yield many results , with the EU - China relationship weighed down by trade tensions .
In a move set to complicate ties further , an EU trade committee voted on Wednesday to adopt import duties of up to 87 percent on screws and bolts from China , EU diplomats said .
SEATING ARRANGEMENTS
The Dalai Lama repeated charges that China was guilty of “ cultural genocide ” in Tibet and called on Europe and others to highlight the need for respect of human rights and religious freedom in contacts with Beijing .
“ In order for China to become a good member of the world , they should respect these things .
So sometimes totalitarian people do not notice one ’s own faults so ( as a ) friend it ’s very important to make clear these are wrong things . ”
He said that his movement ’s “ middle - way approach ” was fully in line with Chinese President Hu Jintao ’s aim for “ a harmonious society and stability and unity . ”
“ I always believe our approach , the middle - way approach , is actually helping to bring stability , unity and prosperity and ultimately bring a harmonious society .
So anyone , including the EU , helping that is indirectly helping the Chinese government . ”
The Tibetan leader frequently emphasized his desire for reconciliation with China in the course of a 30 - minute interview , although while discussing where he should sit , objected to a Chinese screen in his hotel suite as a backdrop .
“ Chinese , ” he joked .
“ We have some problems . ”
Talk about skyrocketing gas prices !
One man from Richland , Washington was in for the shock of his life when he filled up the gas tank of his ’ 94 Chevy Camaro .
When Juan Zamora stopped to refuel his car at a Conoco service station in Richland , the gas pump ’s calculator registered a total fee of $ 26 .
But in a freak computer hiccup , the PayPal debit card he used recorded the transaction as $ 81,400,836,908 .
Yes , you read that correctly , that ’s more than 81 billion dollars .
“ That ’s a B , as in billions ! ” Zamora told the Tri-City Herald .
Zamora says that he always refuels at the same gas station during his weekly commute .
He only learned of the astounding figure when he received an email later that afternoon informing him that his debit card , which started out with $ 90 on it , was maxed out .
Initially , Mr. Zamora thought it must ’ve been a joke .
But after contacting PayPal customer service he was surprised to see that the company treated it as anything but a laughing matter .
“ Somebody from a foreign country who spoke in broken English argued with me for 10 to 15 minutes , ” Zamora said .
” ‘ Did you get the gas ? ’ he asked .
Like I had to prove that I did n’t pump $ 81,400,836,908 in gas ! ”
He would have needed more than 3 billion fill - ups of the amount he actually pumped into his tank in order to reach that outrageous sum .
Eventually , Zamora said , he was finally able to convince the representative that he did n’t deserve to be in the same position as General Motors , who has lost roughly 80 billion dollars since 2005 .
When Zamora returned to the Conoco gas station , he said , the attendant would not believe him until he showed her the printout of the PayPal receipt .
The exact cause of the error is still unknown .
As always , there ’s a lesson to be learned .
“ I guess the moral of this story is ‘ pay cash , ’ ” Zamora said .
These four dwarf galaxies are part of a census of small galaxies in the tumultuous heart of the nearby Perseus galaxy cluster .
The images , taken by NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope , are evidence that the undisturbed galaxies are enshrouded by a " cushion " of dark matter , which protects them from their rough - and - tumble neighborhood .
NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope has uncovered new evidence that galaxies are embedded in and protected by halos of dark matter , the invisible form of matter that accounts for most of the universe 's mass .
Dark matter is invisible and nobody even knows what it is , but it is evident by the fact that galaxies hold together at all .
Some unseen substance lurks in space — concentrated in galaxies — and generated gravity in amounts well beyond the visible matter .
Peering into the tumultuous heart of the nearby Perseus galaxy cluster ( located 250 million light - years away ) , Hubble discovered a large population of small galaxies that have remained intact while larger galaxies around them are being ripped apart by the gravitational pull of neighboring galaxies .
" We were surprised to find so many dwarf galaxies in the core of this cluster that were so smooth and round and had no evidence at all of any kind of disturbance , " said astronomer Christopher Conselice of the University of Nottingham in England , and leader of the Hubble observations .
" These dwarfs are very old galaxies that have been in the cluster a long time .
So if something was going to disrupt them , it would have happened by now .
They must be very , very dark matter - dominated galaxies . "
The dwarf galaxies may have even higher amounts of dark matter than spiral galaxies like our Milky Way .
" With these results , we cannot say whether the dark - matter content of the dwarfs is higher than in the Milky Way Galaxy , " Conselice said .
" Although , the fact that spiral galaxies are destroyed in clusters , while the dwarfs are not , suggests that is indeed the case . "
The results of the observations are detailed in the March 1 edition of the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
First proposed about 80 years ago , dark matter is thought to be the " glue " that holds galaxies together .
Astronomers suggest that dark matter provides vital " scaffolding " for the universe , forming a framework for the formation of galaxies through gravitational attraction .
Previous studies with Hubble and NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory found evidence of dark matter in entire clusters of galaxies such as the Bullet Cluster .
The new Hubble observations continue the search for dark matter in individual galaxies .
Because dark matter cannot be seen , astronomers detect its presence through indirect evidence .
The most common method is by measuring the velocities of individual stars or groups of stars as they move randomly in the galaxy or as they rotate around the galaxy .
But the Perseus Cluster is too far away for telescopes to resolve individual stars and measure their motions .
Instead , Conselice and his team derived a new technique for uncovering dark matter in these dwarf galaxies by determining the minimum mass the dwarfs must have to protect them from being disrupted by the strong tidal pull of gravity from larger galaxies .
JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit 1.1 Preview
Posted in : javascript infovis toolkit
Custom nodes : built - in shapes are none , circle , square , rectangle , ellipse , among others
Custom edges : built - in shapes are none , line , quadratic , bezier , arrow , among others
Custom Animations : linear , Quart , Bounce , Elastic , Back , etc .
Change tree orientation : already possible in 1.0.8a .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
In case you 're wondering what I 'm up to ...
I 've been adding more features to the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit , to be released I - do n't - know - when - yet ( still a lot of work to do regarding documentation , hosting , scripts , etc. ) .
Anyway , this video shows only some of the features to be included :
Unfortunately my video card is n't very good , so the video quality and fps are n't as good as I 'd wanted .
Animations are pretty smooth though , as you can see for yourself , so do n't blame the library , blame my computer !
Anyway , here 's the video : Another cool thing is that you can also create custom node and edge rendering functions :)
Stay tuned , there are more features to come !
Below is the press release we put out today .
We ’ll be publishing comments on the Q4 2008 results in The Institutional Risk Analyst .
— Chris
IRA has released its Banking Industry Stress Ratings for all US banks as of Q4 2008 for users of the professional and consumer versions of The IRA Bank Monitor .
In Q4 2008 , average industry stress rose 15 % to 1.77 vs. Q3 2008 .
The Stress Index is now 77 % above the benchmark for all US depository institutions ( 1=1995 ) .
Below is ( 1 ) a table showing the distribution for Stress Index ratings calculated by IRA for the US banking industry since Q1 2006 , ( 2 ) the chart from our home page showing industry stress for the entire industry , and ( 3 ) a summary of the stress results for Citigroup , Bank of America , Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase .
We shall be publishing a new commentary in The Institutional Risk Analyst later today on same .
Final note on the large bank ratings below .
As we told the nice lady from C before our shot Friday AM on CNBC , we do n’t enjoy describing the travails of dying money center banks .
Printing the Q4 profile for C feels like putting down the family dog .
But our first duty is to tell our clients how we see the industry .
Our ratings process is conducted entirely by computer and treats the smallest and largest players consistently and transparently .
Good or bad , every bank in the US knows how we rate them and why .
And a growing number proudly display the “ A ” rating from IRA on their web sites .
What we do love is talking about and making a fuss over good banks .
In that regard , we ’ll be featuring a bunch of same in coming weeks , starting with a conversation with Ken Joyce , President and CEO of Rurban Financial Corp ( NASDAQ : RBNF ) in a future issue of The Institutional Risk Analyst .
BTW , RBNF was rated “ A+ ” as of Q4 2008 .
See profile for RBNF attached to get definitions for the concepts we discuss below .
IRA Bank Stress Index Distribution – 2006 -2008
Below is a table showing the distribution of letter ratings for all US bank units as of year - end 2008 .
Notice the way in which the banking industry has shifted from a skew in favor of “ A + ” rated bank units at the start of 2006 – those with stress levels below the 1995 benchmark in the Stress Index – to a situation today where the number of “ A + ” rated banks has been cut in half and over 2,000 bank units now are rated “ F ” .
Being rated “ D ” or “ F ” does not mean that the institution will fail , but it does mean that the bank ’ current performance in Q4 2008 was far above the industry ’s elevated stress levels and thus the bank get ’s a poor grade for this period .
Indeed , in many cases institutions with relatively high levels of stress could be excellent value for investors .
Users of the consumer and professional version of The IRA Bank Monitor can view ratings and profiles for all US depository institutions .
Notice too the large cluster of institutions in the “ F ” category compared with the 2006 period .
In many cases , the Stress Index factor driving these poor scores is a sharply negative return on equity ( ROE ) , which in turn is almost always driven by a ) mark - to - market write - downs against income and b ) increases in provisions , in that order of importance .
If you want a visible description of the damaged caused by the return to mark - to - market accounting , look no farther that the US banking industry .
IRA Bank Stress Index
Grade Distribution – 2006 -2008
( FDIC insured units )
Period A+ A B C D F 2008 - 12 3,918 1,705 119 390 98 2,003 2008-09 4,498 1,325 283 356 63 1,793 2008-06 4,884 1,248 404 326 66 1,458 2008-03 5,167 1,042 578 334 68 1,233 2007-12 5,556 610 884 315 70 1,029 2007-09 5,931 395 950 274 37 902 2007-06 6,056 354 972 273 60 824 2007-03 6,075 304 1,057 284 63 795 2006-12 6,370 134 1,165 204 39 697 2006-09 6,666 29 1,108 198 44 628 2006-06 6,729 0 1,155 194 35 613 2006-03 6,752 2 1,131 187 39 608
Source : FDIC / The IRA Bank Monitor
Note to Users :
By automating these public data analytical displays for our users , we let them focus time and resources on the third leg of the risk analysis , namely privileged data exchange , channel checks and investigation .
And the ratings distribution matrix above is part of the family of automated widgets created for members of IRA ’s Affiliate Program .
Being able to tell the zombies from the merely wounded institutions is one reason why we not only look at a bank ’s current Stress Index rating , but we also look at the Economic Capital for that institution to develop a second perspective on the bank ’s risk profile , which helps better support a safety and soundness assessment .
The IRA Bank Monitor Economic Capital model represents a highly stressed scenario where a Maximum Probably Loss is calculated for lending , trading and investing activities .
The sum of these values is equal to Economic Capital .
Notice the discussion of Economic Capital in the RFBN profile , including the very low ratio of Economic Capital to Tier1 Risk Based Capital or 0.388:1 , like most smaller banks in the system .
The same measures for Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase are over 4:1 , as discussed below .
Below is the aggregate stress index for the entire US banking industry representing all of the institutions described above .
Remember 1995 = 1 and the maximum Index value is 100 , which is two orders of magnitude above the 1995 baseline .
4rd Quarter Bank Stress Update
Average Bank Industry Stress Rose to 1.77
Up 15.7 % from 3Q2008 .
Source : FDIC / The IRA Bank Monitor
There is a description of the IRA Banking Industry Stress Index on our home page .
In the example attached for RBNF , you will see the different index components described along with the bank ’s aggregate rating .
The bottom line on the table and the graph above is that the banking industry is skewing upward in terms of rising loss rates to the same degree that loss rates and risk indicators skewed down toward 0 during the housing market boom and related financial foolishness .
We continue to project an average loss rate experience for the industry of 2 x 1990 levels , which equates to average charge - offs near 4 % .
That said , there remains a growing disparity between the large institutions that are the outliers of the group in terms of Stress Index and Economic Capital measures and the thousands of smaller institutions in the industry that display far lower levels of stress and higher levels of tier - one capital , etc. than their large bank peers .
Remember , as we shall discuss in the next issue of The Institutional Risk Analyst , the FDIC data for Q4 understates the losses to the industry to date because Washington Mutual is virtually absent from the results .
And was that risk weighted assets we saw C using in its press release after the conversion of government and private preferred into common ?
Below is a summary of the IRA Banking Industry Stress Index values and associated letter ratings , as well as the current ratio of Economic Capital to Tier 1 Risk Based Capital for Citigroup , Bank of America , Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase .
Remember these are “ bank only ” rollups that focus on the FDIC insured bank subsidiaries of each bank holding company .
Large Bank Stress Index & Economic Capital Measures
Q4 2008 Stress Index Value Q4 Stress Index Letter Rating Q3 2008 Stress Index Value Q3 Stress Index Letter Rating EC to Tier 1 RBC ( 12/31/08 ) Efficiency Ratio ( %) ( 12/31/08 ) JPM 1.3 A 1.27 A 4.5:1 52.76 BAC 1.61 A 1.44 A 1.9:1 44.92 C 21.54 F 9.35 D 4.59 71.82 WFC 1.47 A 1.26 A 2.1 52.44 Industry Benchmark 1.8 NA 1.5 NA 1.24 61.02
Source : FDIC / The IRA Bank Monitor
Comments on the results :
JPM : The Stress Index results from JPM continue to be the best among the top - four banks , although the organization is slightly above industry stress sub-indices for defaults and capital .
JPM ’s ratio of EC to Tier 1 RBC is up slightly from Q3 .
But the difference , IOHO , is the 20 point advantage in terms of operating efficiency between JPM and C .
And remember , that JPM sold their RMBS business to GMAC , GE et al. ( LOL ) and paid pennies on the dollar for WaMu .
We like Jaime Dimon and JPM more and more , but problems still lie ahead .
BAC : With the second highest stress level in the top four after C , BAC is in the unenviable position of being number two on our list of banks likely to be resolved during 2009 .
While the lead unit has a Stress Index score of 1.4 , the score for FIA Card Services ( FKA MBIA ) at 4.0 drags up the stress score for the aggregate BAC bank rollup .
Only time will tell whether the accumulated financial and legal issues due to the Countrywide and Merrill transactions force BAC to go back to the government for more capital .
C : With a Stress Index Score of 21.5 , the aggregate scores for the subsidiaries of C are more than an order of magnitude above the industry average stress levels .
The score is driven primarily by negative ROE , which maxed out at 100 on the ROE sub - index in Q4 2008 .
Sub -index scores for defaults at 4.0 and capital at 1.5 ( vs. 2.2 and 1.0 for the industry , respectively ) also contribute to the high score for C. Perhaps most telling , however , is the aggregate bank unit efficiency ratio calculated by the FDIC , now above 70 % , a measure of the cost effectiveness of the subsidiary banks .
WFC : Now reflecting the acquisition of Wachovia , WFC ’s 20 FDIC insured units are showing a significantly higher level of stress that before that transaction .
That said , the aggregate bank only profile for WFC at Q4 2008 is above industry stress levels only with respect to capital at 1.3 vs. the 1.0 industry benchmark .
The consolidated , bank - only WFC profile is not a thing of beauty , however .
Lending returns have fallen sharply and the ratio of Economic Capital to T1 RBC is now above 2:1 vs. 1.4:1 in Q3 2008 .
Indeed , comparing the pre- and post - Wachovia profiles for WFC is a sobering exercise .
Stay tuned .
Final Note :
Even though the stress in the US banking sector is rising due to ROE degradation and charge - offs , stress levels in terms of capital adequacy at 1.0 at year end 2008 remain very low , again reflecting the conservative business models of the smaller banks in the system .
All now depends on how fast or even whether the public sector spending being dumped into the economy by Washington affects the loss rate experience of financial institutions during 2009 .
Our judgment is that the decrease in spending and concomitant increase in savings by consumers remains far ahead of public stimulus efforts , thus loss rates are likely to remain on trend for a 2 x 1990 loss rate peak during 2009 .
But remember that as much as two thirds of the overall losses to the financial industry this year could be concentrated in the top - four institutions .
That is the good news .
LOL
United Technologies to cut 11,600 jobs worldwide
United Technologies Corp. , the world ’s largest maker of elevators and air conditioners , said it will cut 11,600 jobs worldwide to cope with the global economic slowdown .
The Hartford , Connecticut - based conglomerate ( UTX ) is also lowering its 2009 profit forecast .
The cuts are part of an expanded $ 750 million restructuring program .
The company , which owns Pratt & Whitney jet engines and Sikorsky helicopters , cut its 2009 earnings per share forecast to between $ 4 per share and $ 4.50 per share , down from its December outlook of $ 4.65 to $ 5.15 .
Analysts , on average , had expected $ 4.60 .
United Technologies also reduced the amount it would spend on share repurchases by half this year to $ 1 billion .
Last month , Pratt & Whitney Canada announced plans to lay off up to 1,000 employees because of falling business jet orders .
NASHVILLE ( AP ) 
A Memphis newspaper has posted a searchable database of Tennesseans with permits to carry concealed handguns , upsetting firearm owners and igniting a debate on whether such information should be publicly available .
Gun owners say the database is an invasion of privacy and makes permit holders easy targets for burglaries .
They have flooded the newspaper with complaints  some 600 e-mail messages a day  and threatened staff members and posted personal information about newspaper employees .
The newspaper , The Commercial Appeal , added the database to its Web site in December .
The database did not draw attention , though , until an early February article about an argument over a parking spot that ended with a motorist shot dead .
The editor , Chris Peck , said the paper added the database because newspapers should be a thorough source for community information .
Mr. Peck pointed to the recent shooting as proof of why the database is valuable to readers .
Couch potatoes take note :
Aiming your remote control and trying to bounce the signal off the wall is about to become a thing of the past .
Remote controls are set to get an upgrade as a consortium of consumer electronics companies have finalized a set of standards for using radio signals to control your TV , home stereo or other appliances .
The new radio - frequency remotes use non-directional radio waves instead of the infrared signals emitted by a light - emitting diode in traditional remotes .
RF remotes wo n't require devices to be in your line of sight .
And they are expected to be widely available by early next year .
" RF - based remote control will bring a lot of new functionality to consumers , " says Bas Driesen , chairperson of the consortium that made the standard , RF4CE , and technology manager at
Royal Philips Electronics .
" It is faster and allows for two way communications with devices , which means your remote control can do a lot more than what it does today . "
With the new remotes , you could be sitting in anywhere in the room to change channels and can turn on your home audio equipment from any room .
You can even put your audio equipment inside a cabinet and still be able to control it even when the cabinet door is shut .
And the technology could be used to open your garage door or unlock a keyless entry system .
So what 's exactly wrong with the traditional infrared remotes including the new " universal " remotes today , aside from having too many buttons ?
Plenty , say RF - remote advocates .
Infrared remotes are based on line of sight so point and shoot is a must .
They do not offer two - way connectivity so devices cannot communicate with the remote .
Infrared based remotes also offer slower response time , so you have to press the buttons more than a few times to change the channel .
It 's all too much work for people who just want to use a remote .
" Infrared based remotes can be a nuisance , " says Bob Heile , chairman of the ZigBee Alliance .
" You can use them only in the same room and you can't teach the remote any new tricks . "
That 's where they are hoping RF - based remotes could step in .
The growth curve for these products is just beginning , says ABI Research , which forecasts a 55 percent growth rate through 2014 for RF remotes .
RF Remote Control
Faster : 20 times faster in terms of response time than infrared remotes .
Omnidirectional : No more point and shoot .
Use the remote from anywhere .
Two way communication :
Get rid of device loneliness .
Have your TV talk to the remote , instead of just the remote barking instructions at the TV .
Greater power efficiency : Longer battery life than infrared versions .
Run a RF remote for several years on a set of new batteries instead of having to change them at least every year .
Interoperability : Between remote control and audio / video devices that infrared remotes do not provide .
The ZigBee - RF4CE specification is based on IEEE 802.15.4 .
MAC / PHY radio technology in the 2.4GHz unlicensed frequency band .
This allows for worldwide operation , low power consumption and near instantaneous response time , says Driesen .
For instance , the response time for a can be up to 100 milliseconds compared to 5 milliseconds for a RF - based remote .
For switching from Lost to Hell 's Kitchen that response time difference may not matter , but if you want to use your remote to browse the internet , much like a mouse , the difference can be palpable , says Driesen .
RF remotes also allow for two - way communication , thus changing how universal remotes work .
Instead of doing the set - up for each device individually on the remote , RF remotes could auto detect all the devices in your house automatically .
" In case of RF remotes its not just the remote that talks to the device , the device can talk back , " says Heile .
Nailing down the specification for RF remotes is important because it allows companies to make RF remote controls that are interoperable , says Royal Phillips ' Driesen .
So far only a few high end electronics makers such as Sony have introduced RF - based Sony offers RF remotes with some of its Bravia products .
" Interoperability makes it easier for consumers to buy remotes and it makes it easier to shift to RF - remotes from infrared based remotes , "
says Driesen .
The first version of the ZigBee RF4CE specification is expected to be made available to members by summer .
RF - based remotes will become a standard fixture early next year , say Driesen and Heile .
Now if only they can figure out how to ensure the remote does not get lost every couple of minutes , it would be truly magical .**
Photo : ( SkyFirePDL / Flickr )
Much of the EU 's gas from Russia arrives via Ukraine Talks to resolve a gas supply row between Ukraine and Russia have failed , raising fears of possible energy shortages across Europe .
Russia 's contract to supply gas to Ukraine expired at 0700 GMT , and a Gazprom spokesman promised an announcement later in the day .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin earlier said that Ukraine would block supplies to Europe if no deal was done .
Ukraine denies owing money to Gazprom , and says it has guaranteed gas transit .
The European Commission said Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko had given her assurances that there would be " no disruption of gas supplies to clients in the European Union " .
Europe 's gas pipeline network
Enlarge Map
" The debt to Gazprom for gas supplied earlier was not paid .
Despite verbal statements from Kiev , Gazprom did not see any money in its account , " said Gazprom 's chief executive Alexei Miller in a live television briefing .
He criticised Ukraine 's stance during the negotiations as " unconstructive " , and said Gazprom had no legal reason to continue supplying gas to Ukraine .
Mr Miller said the contract to supply gas depended on the full settlement of £ 2bn in gas bills and late - payment fines levied by Gazprom .
He also suggested that Kiev was seeking to provoke a wider dispute , saying he was " forming the impression that there are political forces in Ukraine which are very eager to see a gas conflict between our two countries " .
A similar row between Gazprom and Ukraine in 2006 led to gas shortages in several EU countries .
' Unconstructive '
A spokesman for Ukrainian state energy firm Naftogaz , Valentin Zemlyansky , confirmed that the negotiations were over .
Naftogaz said it has paid $ 1.5 bn ( £ 1 bn ) in outstanding bills to RosUkrEnergo - a Switzerland - registered gas trading company which is acting as an intermediary - but not the fines imposed by Gazprom .
Gazprom 's Alexei Miller said he blamed Ukraine entirely for the situation " Europe will receive all the gas Russia supplies it with , " the agency quoted Bogdan Sokolovsky , the Ukrainian president 's representative on energy issues , as saying .
Gazprom is the world 's largest gas producer and supplies a quarter of the European Union 's gas needs , or 42 % of the EU 's gas imports , much of it via Ukraine .
Russia 's Vladimir Putin had earlier warned Ukraine not to disrupt the transit of gas to Europe .
He warned of " very severe consequences " for Ukraine in terms of its relations with both Russia and European countries .
Mr Putin said Gazprom had been generous in offering Ukraine a price of $ 250 per 1,000 cubic metres of gas in 2009 , given that the price in Europe was currently more than $ 500 .
He said he understood that Ukraine was in " a difficult economic situation " which was worse than Russia 's , but put the dispute down to a " war of the clans " between the Ukrainian Prime Minister , Yulia Tymoshenko , and President Viktor Yushchenko .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
But , as experts have long warned the government , having a top - secret blacklist of banned sites is dangerous because there is a real danger that Australian businesses could be added to the list in error , with little recourse .
Inevitable leaks of the list , as happened today , mean those innocent businesses ' websites could be associated with child porn repositories .
" Any person or corporation that would be identifiable on the list would potentially be deemed by the general public ... either a child molester or at least in the same category as child molesters , " said University of Sydney associate professor Bjorn Landfeldt .
" In effect , this could be interpreted by some as a government sanctioned hate list .
" Even if the list is not leaked directly , it may be possible to reverse engineer the list and find out its content . "
Alongside child porn , bestiality , rape and extreme violence sites , the list also includes a slew of online poker sites , YouTube links , regular gay and straight porn sites , Wikipedia entries , euthanasia sites , websites of fringe religions such as satanic sites , fetish sites , Christian sites , the website of a tour operator and even a Queensland dentist .
Other Australian sites on the list are canteens.com.au ( " Tuckshop and Canteen Management Consultants " ) and animal carers MaroochyBoardingKennels.com.au .
The dentist , Dr John Golbrani , was furious when contacted to inform him that his site , dentaldistinction .com.au , appeared on the blacklist .
" A Russian company broke into our website a couple of years back and they were putting pornographic listings on there ... [ but ] we changed across to a different web provider and we have n't had that problem since , " Golbrani said in a phone interview .
He said the fact that he had n't been removed from the list was " criminal " and he was scared potential customers may avoid him .
" The government needs to get in and clean it up , " said Golbrani .
Jocelyn Ashcroft , who runs a school canteen consultancy in Queensland , also said she had no idea why her site had made it on to the blacklist .
" The only thing I can think of is that I have emailed schools telling them about my book and CD resource How to Have a Healthy and Profitable Theme Day , " she said " This is targeted specifically at schools and I send each email individually .
There is no software involved in this process , just me copy and pasting . "
Daniel Purser , who runs a web hosting and web design company out of NSW called Startcorp , was also shocked to learn that his site had been blacklisted .
He said there was " no chance " any of his customers were hosting child porn or other questionable content .
" We only host our own customers that we 've done designs for and most of them are referrals from our own customers or referrals from my family , " he said .
" Our service provider in Australia would n't tolerate it either , they 've got a very definite anti-pornography rule .
" Obviously somebody needs to have a look at the list and actually make an assessment on whether it's a legitimate complaint or not because obviously no investigation has been done at all . "
Colin Jacobs , spokesman for online users ' lobby group Electronic Frontiers Australia said : " The prospect of mandatory nation - wide filtering of this secret list is pretty concerning from a democratic point of view . "
UPDATE : The Minister for Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy , Senator Stephen Conroy , has this afternoon denied that the list of banned websites published on Wikileaks is the ACMA blacklist .
" The published list purports to be current at 6 August 2008 and apparently contains approximately 2400 URLs whereas the ACMA blacklist for the same date contained 1061 URLs , " he said in a statement .
" There are some common URLs to those on the ACMA blacklist .
However , ACMA advises that there are URLs on the published list that have never been the subject of a complaint or ACMA investigation , and have never been included on the ACMA blacklist . "
The list on Wikileaks is understood to have been obtained from an internet filtering software maker .
The disparity in the reported figure is most likely due to the fact that the list contains several duplicates and variations of the same URL that stem from a single complaint .
Alternatively , some sites may have been added to the list by the filter software maker .
The government on Saturday permanently banned the slaughter of cows too sick or weak to stand on their own , seeking to further minimize the chance that mad cow disease could enter the food supply .
The Agriculture Department proposed the ban last year after the biggest beef recall in U.S. history .
The recall involved a slaughterhouse in Chino and “ downer ” cows .
The Obama administration finalized the ban Saturday .
“ As part of our commitment to public health , our Agriculture Department is closing a loophole in the system to ensure that diseased cows do n’t find their way into the food supply , ” President Obama said in his weekly radio and video address .
Those kind of cows pose a higher risk of having mad cow disease .
They are also susceptible to infections from bacteria that cause food poisoning , such as E. coli , because the animals wallow in feces .
Advertisement
The recall also raised concerns about the treatment of cattle and came after an investigator for the Humane Society of the United States videotaped workers abusing downer cows to force them to slaughter .
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said the ban was “ a step forward for both food safety and the standards for humane treatment of animals . ”
The Humane Society ’s president and chief executive , Wayne Pacelle , said he was pleased that the government “ is putting a stop to the inhumane and reckless practice of dragging and otherwise abusing downer cows in order to slaughter them for human consumption . ”
Breast cancer 's sudden decrease in several countries can be credited to a 2002 federal warning against overuse of hormone - replacement drugs after menopause , a new study argued .
The findings , published Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine , were disputed by a hormone - pill maker and others , adding to the debate over the safety of such treatment .
Before 2002 , about 210,000 U.S. women each year were diagnosed with breast cancer , according to federal statistics .
After 2002 , the rate suddenly dropped to below 190,000 ...
ARLINGTON , Va. , Feb. 24 ( UPI ) --
The Obama administration has begun " rebalancing " the United States ' defense posture to focus on emerging threats and free up money for domestic initiatives .
As was the case under Democratic Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton , the budget ax looks likely to fall first on weapons programs .
Fortunately , there are any number of programs begun during the Bush years that the joint force can do without , such as Space Radar and the U.S. Navy 's DDG - 1000 destroyer .
Advertisement
However , other programs really are needed , like the Lockheed Martin F - 35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter that will meet the mission requirements of three U.S. services and nine overseas allies .
But even on the Joint Strike Fighter , there are opportunities to save money .
A case in point is the second , or alternate , engine for the future fighter .
The F - 35 is a single - engine , stealthy fighter being bought in different versions for the U.S. Air Force , Navy and Marines .
After a series of competitions , the Pratt & Whitney unit of United Technologies was awarded a contract in 1996 to develop the plane 's propulsion system , which is designated the F135 engine .
But in a blatant subsidy to the losing General Electric engine team , the U.S. Congress then directed that a second engine should be developed so that the government could enjoy the benefits of " competition . "
Congress did this despite the fact that the winning engine had already prevailed in half a dozen public and private competitions and despite the fact that no other part of the plane would be competed once production commenced .
The Pentagon refuses to request funds for the alternate engine , arguing the money would be better spent on other projects .
But congressional proponents keep funding the program , saying that having two interchangeable engines competing for annual contracts will drive down costs , bolster the industrial base and provide a hedge against the failure of the primary F135 engine .
These arguments are specious ; in all likelihood , having two engines will drive up costs , reduce safety , impede gains in performance and weaken the industrial base .
As the sole customer , the government will have to pay all the costs for sustaining two design teams , two supply chains and two production sites throughout the life of the program , and in return it will get a propulsion system in which everything is more complicated .
Consider costs .
The U.S. government will need to spend more than $ 3 billion beyond what it has already spent to get the alternate engine to the point where it can compete .
All of that money could be saved by sticking with a single design .
The added costs do n't stop there because to have annual competitions , the government will have to foot the bill to keep two suppliers in the business , and each award will be smaller -- less economical -- because it will be divided between the two teams .
How long will it take before Pratt and GE figure out that since they can't win all the business , they might as well focus on maximizing profits within their shares ?
At that point , the government will have lost both the competitive dynamic and economies of scale .
This sounds more likely to weaken the industrial base than strengthen it .
Sure , there will be more jobs because the whole system will be less efficient , but that wo n't bolster competitiveness in other engine business .
Quite the opposite .
And as for safety , the record is clear that power plants debuting on twin - engine planes are safer than those that start out on single - engine planes .
The F135 design proved itself by first flying for thousands of hours on the twin - engine F - 22 fighter , but the alternate engine will be installed first on the single - engine F - 35 fighter , where it will probably have a higher mishap rate .
And how are safety and performance bolstered by having two sets of spare parts , divergent maintenance procedures and the like ?
The added complexity will make mistakes more likely and performance enhancements harder to implement .
Is this really what Congress had in mind when it funded the alternate engine ?
--
( Loren B. Thompson is chief operating officer of the Lexington Institute , an Arlington , Va. - based think tank that supports democracy and the free market . )
CHENGDU , China , March 16 ( UPI ) -- A 90 - year - old tailor coming out of retirement in China says he can make a hand - made bra that fits perfectly just by looking at a woman 's breasts .
Ran Yusheng , 90 , who retired from bra making last year , said in the run-up to the opening of his new online store that he learned the art of bra making when he was 20 years old and soon discovered that he had a knack for it , China Daily reported Friday .
Advertisement
" I just looked at her breasts and then I could make a bra suitable for her , " Ran said .
He told China Daily his skills at bra making helped him to win the affections of customer Wang Huiying , who later became his wife and seamstress .
Ran retired after Wang 's death last year .
The move to shut the base comes at a critical moment for the US Kyrgyzstan says its decision to close a US base that serves as a vital supply route for US and Nato operations in Afghanistan is " final " .
It contradicts US statements that talks are ongoing about the base 's future .
Meanwhile , the US has asked to move supplies through Russia , and Tajikistan has said it will allow the transit of non-military goods into Afghanistan .
Nato is understood to be increasingly concerned about the security of its supply routes through Pakistan .
Most of its supplies come through Pakistan 's Khyber Pass , which has come under increasing militant attacks .
Critical timing " The decision has been made , " said Kyrgyz government spokesman Aibek Sultangaziyev .
" The US embassy and the [ Kyrgyz ] foreign ministry are exchanging opinions on this , but there are no discussions on keeping the base . "
See map of existing and possible supply routes in the region Manas , just outside the capital Bishkek , is the only US base in Central Asia and is a vital transit point for Nato and US operations in Afghanistan - an hour - and - a - half 's flight away .
The base is used to refuel Afghan - bound planes , and is the first point of stop for the majority of coalition troops on their way in and out of Afghanistan .
The closure announcement came after Russia promised Kyrgyzstan $ 2bn ( £ 1.4 bn ) in aid .
However , Kyrgyzstan says the moves are not linked .
Kyrgyz MPs will vote on the closure later this month .
Russia has long opposed the presence of American military forces in Central Asia , says the BBC's Richard Galpin in Moscow .
Russia says it has agreed to a request from the US to allow the transit of non-military Nato supplies across its soil , but says it is waiting for details of specific shipments before issuing permissions .
The US embassy and the [ Kyrgyz ] foreign ministry are exchanging opinions on this , but there are no discussions on keeping the base
Aibek Sultangaziyev
Kyrgyz government spokesman
Inside US base at Manas US Kyrgyz base is pressure point " As soon as that happens we will give the corresponding permission , " said Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , quoted by Russian media .
For the US , the base closure comes at a critical moment , as the new administration of President Barack Obama plans a sharp increase in the number of American troops in Afghanistan .
For Russia , on the other hand , its closure would be a significant diplomatic victory as it seeks to reassert its influence in all former Soviet republics and beyond , analysts say .
The Manas base was set up in 2001 to assist the US military operation against al - Qaeda and the Taleban in Afghanistan .
Under the lease agreement , the US must be given six months ' notice to close its operations .
Meanwhile , diplomatic sources say that the US is close to a deal with Uzbekistan as part of back - up plan .
The US left its air base there following a dispute over human rights in 2005 .
EXISTING / POSSIBLE SUPPLY ROUTES TO TROOPS IN AFGHANISTAN 1 .
Manas airbase : the only US base in Central Asia , a vital transit point for Nato and US operations .
Kyrgyz government wants it closed .
2 . Karshi-Khanabad airbase : US forces were ordered out in 2005 .
Uzbekistan may agree to allow it to be used for non-military transports .
3 . Bridge over Panj river : part - funded by the US , it was completed in 2007 .
May serve as another supply route into Afghanistan .
4 . Khyber Pass : most supplies to US and Nato troops come through Pakistan .
Increasing number of attacks in the area mean the US army is looking for back - up routes .
Return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I love having music with me everywhere , so I always have my iPhone full of music .
Of course the problem is that I do n’t always have something to plug it into .
I ’ve seen little portable speakers designed specifically for this purpose , but the small ones sound absolutely terrible and the ones that do sound halfway decent are usually way to bulky to carry around .
Well , one of my friends ( thanks Eric ) put me on to the IceKube .
This innovative little box basically turns any solid surface into a big , great - sounding speaker !
The box ( called the “ iceKUBE IT - 20 digital vibration acoustic speaker ” ) produces mechanical vibrations when plugged into an MP3 player or laptop , and when coupled with a ( preferably flat ) surface , it will turn the surface into a vibrating surface , just like a huge speaker .
I ’ve seen ultra - high - end speakers that work on this principle , but this little guy puts it all into one of the best , nicest little portable packages I ’ve seen .
It works best on glass and wood , but they claim that it also works really well on counter tops too .
Best of all , they are pretty reasonably priced at $ 89 .
This this is WAY to cool for me to not go and buy one for myself right now .
You can buy one for yourself on Amazon .
OK , I could n’t contain myself , I just ordered one .
MemoryError
# Example ; Massive memory consumption .
if __name__ == " __main__ " :
list_obj = [ ]
cnt =0
while cnt < 10** 24 :
list_obj .
append ( cnt ** 2 )
cnt +=1
MemoryError
I 've been trying to find consistent method to raise aexception in Python and have so far been unsuccessful .
I 'm mostly interested in real - world usage scenarios such has executing huge number arithmetic .
Here is what my latest test looks like .
Here , we are simply appending progressively larger integers to a list .
Executing this on my Ubuntu laptop results a huge increase in memory consumption .
Because we are constructing a massive list object , this would make sense .
However , a memory error is n't raised for me .
Figuring that my laptop has enough memory to not let any kind of memory mishap take place for awhile , I fired - up a virtual machine with much less memory capabilities and executed the same program .
The Python process ends up being killed .
Noexception .
What gives ?
If I want to handle memory errors in Python , how can I deal with it if the process is terminated before I get a chance to ?
This is a lucidly constructed and beautifully presented essay on why we should allow everyone the freedom to choose the government of his / her liking , irrespective of territorial location , if every individual is to be and remain a moral and rational human being .
Moreover , this coexistence of different governments and systems of law on the same territory would be the best solution against all sorts of impositions and exploitation committed by any power , usually in the name of the people and for a pretended general welfare .
Human interactions can be located on an axis running between two polar ideas , persuasion and aggression .
I am not contending that this is theway we can evaluate human action , only that it is a useful way .
What do I mean by persuasion ?
Basically , this :
When engaging in persuasion , I attempt to convince you that your situation will be better , in your own eyes , if we do interact than if we do not .
( Now , just to clearly differentiate what I am talking about from fraud , I will note that I am using the word " persuasion " here to mean honest persuasion . )
For example , suppose that you and I each live on our own isolated island , with the other person 's island the only land within sight .
Further , we will imagine that neither of us can get to the other 's island due to the shark - infested waters in the area .
It is quite possible that each of us might go about his business undisturbed by the existence of the other person .
However , we happen to meet one day when each of us is at the shore .
While we chat across the waves , I mention to you that there are many coconut trees on my island , but that I 'm getting sick of eating coconuts .
You respond that on your island there are many mango trees , and that you are fed up with eating mangoes .
After further discussion , we agree that every day , around the same time , we will meet at the same place .
I 'll bring a few coconuts and you will bring some mangoes .
We will trade by tossing them to each other across the water .
It seems obvious that each of us prefers interacting with the other to not doing so , since it is trivially easy for either of us completely to avoid the other .
I am perfectly willing to leave you alone if you are uninterested in what I can offer you , and vice versa .
By contrast , if I am engaged in aggression , I will attempt to force interaction on you without your consent .
Often , I will try to convince you that I have the power and will to make your life worse if you refuse to interact with me on the terms I propose .
Again , imagine our island meeting .
But now , when I discover you have mangoes on your island , I demand that you throw me five per day .
If you do not , I tell you , I will lay in wait and kill you the next time I see you , perhaps by running you through with a spear .
There certainly is an element of persuasion in such a threat : I must persuade you that I really intend to kill you if you do n't acquiesce , and that I have the ability to act on that intention .
Yet the difference between our two examples is immense .
In the case of the mango - coconut exchange , I am quite willing to leave you alone to go about your business as if we had never met , should my argument for exchange fail to persuade you .
In the mangoes or death case , I am demanding that we interact .
If you will not do so on the terms I set , I intend to interact with you by making your situation significantly worse than if you had never laid eyes on me .
I do n't try to convince you that you would be better off than you are now if you give me mangoes , but rather that if you do n't give me mangoes , I can make you much worse off than you are now .
More relevant to the world in which most of us actually live , where we are not isolated on our own island , consider two approaches I might take when trying to get my neighbor to come hear my next talk .
On the one hand , I may attempt to persuade her that she would like it .
I can try to convince her that I have her interests at heart , that the talk will be scintillating , or that she will learn to understand economics better if she comes .
( Of course , if I tell her these things but I know they are false , I am engaged in fraud . )
As long as I am willing to leave her alone when she says , " buzz off , loser , " I am engaged in persuasion .
I do n't intend to make her life worse if she ignores me , but to make it better if she goes along with my suggestion .
On the other hand , I could tell her that if she does n't come , I will have her killed .
Then I am not suggesting to her that her life will be better if she interacts with me ; I am saying that she has no choice but to interact with me , and that coming to the talk will be the least unpleasant interaction she can choose .
What could be clearer than the enormous difference between these two ways of relating to others ?
Persuasion and aggression imply fundamentally different conceptions of other people :
When I engage in persuasion I regard the other person as a free , intelligent actor , much as I regard myself .
When employing aggression I regard the other as merely a means I might manipulate in order to achieve my ends , much as I would regard a stick or a rock .
I conceive of three basic forms of aggression , although I admit that , as aggressive as I am , I may not have thought of them all : aggression by stealth , aggression by fraud , and aggression by committing or threatening violence .
I could aggress against you using stealth , for example , by sneaking into your house while you were sleeping and stealing your food .
Rather than persuading you to interact with me , I rely on hiding the fact that we did interact in planning my escapade .
You will not be able to employ your intelligence in deciding whether or not to interact with me , because if I have my way you never will know that we did interact .
This is different from the case where we interact in some sense , but so slightly that you do n't notice it .
For example , if I barbecue in my yard , a few molecules of smoke might blow into your yard and be inhaled by you , without your ever being aware of it happening .
In the case of theft , you certainly will notice , and object to , what I 've done : you will find that your food is missing !
You just wo n't know whom to " thank . "
I fraudulently aggress against you if I hide my real intention while persuading you to interact with me .
This type of aggression is why I qualified my use of ' persuasion ' as meaning ' honest persuasion . '
Fraud certainly does involve persuasion !
But rather than persuading you that A will be to your benefit , then delivering A , I persuade you that you 'd like A while secretly planning to deliver B .
For example , in the island scenario we have been examining , I might propose that we exchange coconuts and mangoes .
However , rather than tossing whole coconuts across to you , I tie back together the shells of coconuts from which I already have eaten the meat and drunk the milk .
I persuade you to exchange coconuts for mangoes , but what we actually exchange is coconut shells for mangoes .
The problem here is that I do n't allow you to employ your intelligence in choosing how to relate to me , because I have deceived you about my plans .
Finally , I might aggress against you by employing violence or the threat of violence .
We already have seen examples of that form of aggression , such as my threatening to skewer you if you do n't bring me mangoes .
What Use Are These Concepts ?
I believe that the view of persuasion and aggression adopted here can be helpful in clarifying disputes over what types of action are inherently aggressive .
For example , socialist anarchists , who like libertarians claim to be against aggression , often contend that the ownership of capital goods and the payment of a wage for labor are inherently aggressive .
But let us consider again the scenario of you and me as island castaways .
Imagine , now , that you have built a boat that you use to go fishing .
You employed your own labor and whatever materials you found on your island - something I could just as well have done on mine .
Upon discovering this , I demand that you bring me some of your catch each day .
You refuse , instead suggesting that if I bring you coconuts , you will be happy to trade fish for them , or let me use the boat for a while .
In response , I protest that you are aggressing against me , using the " power " you have as an owner of a capital good ( your boat ) to " exploit " the labor I have expended in picking coconuts .
If the view of persuasion and aggression I 'm proposing is sensible , then such a claim is absurd .
You are perfectly willing to leave me alone and allow me to continue my life as though we had never met .
After all , if not for your existence , then there would be no boat .
You do n't demand that I use your boat , or attempt to force me to labor to supply you with coconuts .
You only require that if we are to interact , then it must be on terms with which we both agree .
Furthermore , if you do agree to my terms for exchanging coconuts for fish , then it is clear that you must think you are better off engaging in exchange with me than not doing so .
After all , I left open to you the opportunity to ignore my existence .
If you traded with me nevertheless , you must have believed your situation was improved by doing so .
Justifying Crusoe Analysis
When the above line of reasoning was posted to an anarcho - socialist bulletin board , a commentator said that I was ignoring the complexities of real societies in my artificial , Crusoe - like analysis .
However , if we want to arrive at the essence of social arrangements , we have no choice but to reduce them to their simplest forms , for only then can their essential character be seen clearly .
In every actual social situation we will find a myriad of complex historical circumstances .
Without having first derived various principles concerning social interaction by mentally isolating " pure " instances of ideal types , we will find ourselves adrift in the vast sea of history without compass or rudder .
I believe that if we ever wish to come to shore we must heed Carl Menger 's advice from Principles of Economics :
" In what follows I have endeavored to reduce the complex phenomena of human economic activity to the simplest elements that can still be subjected to accurate observation … [ and ] to investigate the manner in which the more complex phenomena evolve from their elements according to definite principles . "
Of course we can think of cases in which the ownership of capital goods and the employment of wage labor are entangled with aggression .
For instance , we might discover that the traditional hunting grounds of an Indian tribe had been taken from them by force and handed over to some industrialist , who then began mining there .
The Indians , bereft of their traditional livelihood and stripped of their main asset , might find themselves with little choice but to work in the mines of the industrialist .
Clearly , the Indians were wronged and the industrialist was an aggressor .
Furthermore , it is no doubt true that many current claims on property are tainted by just such past acts of aggression .
To the extent that guilt on the part of the current owner can be proven clearly , most libertarians would approve of rectifying such situations .
However , the example of the boat demonstrates that there is no inherent aggression in the ownership of capital goods or the employment of wage labor .
If someone should want to claim that some particular instance of some capitalist employing some laborers is an act of aggression , then it is incumbent upon that person to show what actual acts of aggression occurred .
It is not enough merely to shout , " Wage labor is slavery , " and then rest one 's case .
Is Libertarian Socialism Possible ?
Now , this may shock some people , but , despite the fact that many socialists hold such erroneous views , I believe that it is possible to be a socialist , of a certain sort , and a libertarian .
I offer as an example Keith Preston , who recently summarized his vision of a libertarian world as follows :
" As many readers are no doubt aware , I am an anarcho - socialist myself .
I… generally favor an economic order of small businesses and self - employed persons , cooperatives , worker owned / managed industries , Proudhonian banks and other similar institutions operating within the context of a laissez - faire , stateless , free market . "
Prestonian socialism relies on persuasion , not aggression .
He hopes to persuade others that they would prefer to live in the sorts of social arrangements he favors , rather than in more traditionally " capitalist " structures .
Preston is perfectly willing to allow those not persuaded by his arguments to start traditional , hierarchical companies , to work for wages , to rent apartments , and so on .
I 'd like to detour from my main point for a moment , to point out that Preston 's vision of " socialism " avoids the Misesian calculation problem .
His small businesses , cooperatives , worker - owned industries , and so forth deal with each other in an overarching market system in which genuine market prices can arise .
People still will be able to engage in economic calculation in his ideal world .
Preston 's local , " socialistic " organizations occupy the place of the firm in standard economic theory , although they are firms with unusual ( and to Preston preferable ) internal structures .
The Problem with Most " Local Socialism "
Other socialist anarchists have attempted to answer Mises 's critique of socialism through local institutions as well , recognizing that in a group where each member can comprehend the activities of most of the other members , economic calculation is not necessary .
That is why , for instance , a deli employing five people does not need to perform cost accounting for each worker as though they were all separate divisions of General Motors .
What many anarcho - socialists do not realize is that if they do not allow market prices in the interactions between such small groups , the result will be the elimination of the global division of labor , and , indeed , of any division of labor more extensive than can exist within such groups themselves .
" Great ! " they might contend , " Who needs trade ?
Local self - sufficiency is where it's at . "
However , without the global division of labor , the earth could support only a small fraction of its current population .
If the program of anarcho - socialists entails billions perishing so that those left alive can have what they judge to be a more satisfying life , then they should be explicit about it .
( To be fair , some radical environmentalists have been explicit about desiring such a result :
They want the earth 's human population reduced to the level it was at when all humans were hunter - gatherers .
They have not garnered much popular support for such a program . )
Is it possible for there to exist an overarching framework for liberty that allows the liberty desired by free - market libertarians , that sought by anarcho - socialists such as Preston , and other visions of liberty as well ?
I believe that it is , and that is the road I want to recommend tonight .
To avoid the Hobbesian " war of all against all , " humans form civil associations .
A civil association is a group of people united in recognizing the authority of a body of law over all the individuals who comprise the group .
And " recognizing the authority of a body of law " implies the free use of one 's own intelligence in choosing to recognize it .
In other words , one must be persuaded , not coerced , into that recognition .
I believe that for civilized society to exist , the rule of law is essential .
But I would like to suggest , as a start down the road to liberty , a single modification to the prevailing view of civil associations , one implied by their nature .
It is to recognize the right of every adult person to freely form , join , and leave such associations .
( And here I would like to acknowledge the inspiration provided by Murray Rothbard and Hans - Hermann Hoppe , which has been crucial to my adopting this view . )
I believe that the recognition of such a right would provide a framework for achieving the maximum liberty compatible with human civilization .
Therefore , let me explain what I mean by this right .
The Right of Freely Chosen Civil Association
First of all , a person 's right to join a civil association only extends to civil associations that welcome that person .
You could not legitimately force your way into a group , by violence , fraud , or stealth .
On the other hand , no third party , such as a group with which you were previously associated , can prevent you from joining a new group .
Only the people already in a civil association and the person seeking to join it can decide the issue .
Next , I will point out that if we recognize the right to withdraw from civil associations at will we have acknowledged a right to secession .
The word " secession " can be a bit frightening , as it conjures up images of hundreds of thousands of casualties in the U.S. Civil War , or Chechen rebels blowing up apartment buildings .
Now , I believe that violent secession is almost always counter - productive to the advancement of liberty .
What I am suggesting is not that people try to violently shed their current government , but rather that people should come to demand that governments will allow people to exit , just the way that most people today expect that governments will allow free speech .
I will also note that seceding to escape punishment for a crime already committed is not what I mean by a right of secession .
In other words , I can't kill someone and then announce , " Oh , and by the way , I secede , so do n't try to prosecute me . "
Presumably , " secession to dodge criminal proceedings " would be forbidden in the entry agreement for most civil associations .
The Right to Exit in Place
The sharpest contrast to our current world in what I suggest is that people should be able to leave a civil association without leaving a geographical location .
Unless they have explicitly agreed to remain part of some civil association in the purchase or rental agreement for their residence - as , for instance , people often do when purchasing a condo or a home in a planned community - they should have the right to withdraw both themselves and their land from the authority of their current civil association .
Having done so , a person might attempt to join another existing civil association , might try to persuade others to form a new civil association , or might remain outside of any civil association whatsoever .
To deny people the right to secession employs aggression rather than persuasion in attempting to constitute a civil association .
It violates the essential nature of civil association , which requires a voluntary recognition of the authority of a body of law .
It is true that most people today have at least some possibility of leaving the state in which they live .
But to do so they must leave their friends , their families , their jobs , their house , and perhaps even their language behind .
They are further hampered by numerous immigration restrictions in other states .
Of course , the civil associations I envision are likely to have membership restrictions .
But with a vastly greater number of such associations , it is likely that at least a few would accept any particular would - be member .
Moreover , the possibility of choosing a truly different form of civil association is slowly being eliminated by the dawning worldwide state system , where the United States and its allies are imposing , by economic pressure , the lure of foreign aid and loans , military force , and so forth , the social democratic model of state corporatism combined with extensive social benefits and high tax rates upon the entire world .
Many neoconservative and neoliberal pundits have been quite explicit in declaring the modern social democratic welfare state to be the " end of history " and a universal model that must be imposed everywhere , by military force if necessary .
The United States and its G - 8 allies may object to countries , such as Iraq , that allow too little freedom , but they also strongly discourage countries from allowing " too much " freedom .
Countries with tax rates " too low " are labeled as suspicious " tax havens . "
Those with " too much " banking privacy are marked as possible supporters of terrorism .
The U.S. government is telling Canada not to relax its marijuana laws .
The IMF forbids member nations from adopting the gold standard as a monetary regime .
Prudence Bushnell , the US ambassador to Guatemala , actually used her position to campaign against a university there , because it was promoting the " radical libertarian " ideas of Mises and Hayek , and was questioning the need for an income tax , welfare , and public schooling .
We do n't need to posit any sort of global Masonic conspiracy to explain such facts - although , of course , that does n't mean there is n't one !
Government officials are clever enough to realize that states offering people more freedom than their own are a threat to them , since more libertarian states will tend to draw bright , ambitious , and wealthy people from the more restrictive states .
Pure self - interest will lead a state to attempt to prevent other states from being significantly less intrusive than it is .
In the world - spanning social democracy we will see Hayek 's insight , that the worst rise to the top , played out on a global scale .
The unprecedented concentration of power that would exist would place an enormous prize before the most vicious power addicts .
Therefore , the idea of a right to choose one 's own form of governance , at any geographic scale , is perhaps more important than ever , as a counterweight to " the new world order . "
The right I am proposing even leaves those who chafe at any constraints on their behavior , other than their own vision of justice , with a way out : they may withdraw completely from civil life and become an " outlaw . "
Such people would probably withdraw to remote wilderness areas - northern Canada , Siberia , high mountains , thick jungles .
They would be living without the protection of any body of law .
But so long as they left the members of existing civil associations alone , there is no reason to suppose they would be pursued or bothered , except perhaps by other outlaws .
But the ability to " make one 's own law " in dealing with others by whom one feels wronged is probably the most important motivation such a person has for leaving civil association behind .
Relations Between Members of Different Civil Associations
Since members of different civil associations will still interact with each other in the world I am envisioning , the question arises as to how conflicts between them can be resolved .
In many cases , I believe , civil associations will negotiate agreements with each other for arbitrating disputes between their members .
Furthermore , the ability of individuals to agree to a system of law without a central authority to impose one recently has been shown to be much greater than political theory has traditionally imagined it to be .
Ed Stringham of San Jose State University has demonstrated that the trading of derivatives on the 17th - century Amsterdam stock market proceeded peacefully and without a great deal of fraud , despite the fact that the Dutch government refused to enforce derivative contracts .
Similarly , Peter Leeson of George Mason has cited the law merchant code of the High Middle Ages and Renaissance as another example of voluntary law operating successfully .
The widespread recognition of a right to secession certainly does not make war between civil associations impossible .
But I believe it renders it significantly less likely , since any civil association promoting a war that is even mildly unpopular will immediately be faced with a wave of secession .
Under such a system , states like those we find today are less likely to exist .
Many civil associations will have features of current states to which libertarians might object , such as welfare programs , drug laws , draft laws , and so on .
But if the members have had the opportunity to exit but have not done so , then it is clear that they are persuaded that they should live under such laws .
If they are in a civil association voluntarily , I detect no aggression being committed against them by , for example , drug prohibition .
And if a right to exit is recognized , it will be much more difficult for a state to engage in the systematic exploitation of one segment of its populace for the benefit of another .
Of course , my idea does not guarantee that no oppressive state will ever emerge .
But I do n't believe it is reasonable to expect guarantees in life .
The widespread acceptance of the belief that human slavery is immoral has not prevented some people from occasionally capturing other people and enslaving them .
But one must admit the practice is somewhat less prevalent today than it was in 1750 .
Similarly , if a right to secession gains widespread moral approval , then it seems likely that it will be much more difficult to organize an oppressive state .
Are Geographically Intermingled Civil Associations Practical ?
My friend Paul Birch expressed a possible problem with my idea .
He doubts the practicality of geographically intermingled civil associations .
As he puts it , " unless civil associations , of which persons are voluntarily members , are territorially distinct and not too small , people cannot avoid being subject to laws to which they have not acceded , because disputes will commonly arise between members of different associations , who have different laws . "
I believe that deriving authoritative law for interactions between members of different civil associations through negotiation between the groups goes some way toward handling his objection , as do the cases of voluntary law I 've mentioned .
As one piece of evidence suggesting that civil associations need not be geographically contiguous , I will point to a work of fiction : Neal Stephenson 's brilliant novel The Diamond Age .
Stephenson describes a future world that is without states as we know them .
People have formed geographically intermingled groups based on the code of ethics to which they subscribe .
There is , for instance , a group called the " Vickies " who adhere to a Victorian ethic in their public life .
People join or leave these groups by their own choice , and the groups commercially interact with each other on a daily basis .
Now , I admit that a fictional world is not nearly as convincing a bit of evidence for the feasibility of a political idea as a real society based on the idea .
Nevertheless , the fact that Stephenson can create a coherent , plausible world of geographically intermingled civil associations at least suggests that such arrangements are not impossible .
Do n't Try to Change Everything at Once
An important feature of the " road to liberty " I 'm suggesting is that the possibility of the real world coming to resemble the vision depends almost exclusively on the widespread acceptance of the idea that membership in a civil association should be voluntary .
Such an idea is already held , albeit incoherently and inconsistently , by many people today .
We can hear it expressed in calls for " self - governance " and " democracy . "
Rather than attempt to convince a majority of people to adopt an entirely new ethical or political system , we only need to draw their attention to the fact that there is a conflict within their current one :
While most people believe in the right to self - government , their failure to recognize a universal right to secede from a civil association significantly vitiates that right .
Even today , the idea of secession itself can win popular support if presented properly .
For example , last year a Michigan family successfully seceded from the town in which they had been living .
As Adam Young described it :
" On Tuesday , December 17 , 2002 , Arenac Township and Omer City , Michigan held a joint referendum brought about by the actions of one woman , Cheryl Perry .
The Perrys simply no longer wished to be looted by the Omer municipal government [ for sewer services they were not receiving ] , even if it was only $ 41.62 a year … .
" After the polls closed Cheryl Perry got the outcome she wanted .
Out of a total vote tally of 140 , with 82 votes Yes and 58 miserable voters voting No , the Perrys had successfully seceded from Omer and Omer 's taxman . "
Although there were a fair number of " no " votes , a significant majority of voters recognized the right of the Perrys to live under the government of their choice .
This should not be too surprising , since the national government of these people was itself formed by an act of secession .
An Historical Precedent
The idea of a right to secession is , I believe , a concrete proposal that can alleviate the discouragement that many would - be libertarians feel at the prospects for a free society .
There are many people today who do value liberty but find it " impractical . "
They might even think a libertarian world would work , but believe that we have no hope of getting there .
" It 's not on the menu , " they may say .
The state pervades modern life and statist attitudes are rampant among the public .
The ' man - in - the - street ' is so far from holding libertarian views that the only viable approach is to try and roll back the state a bit at a time .
" The libertarian vision , " these folks will tell us , " may not be achievable for many centuries . "
Fortunately for us , there were brave pioneers who provided an example of how to eliminate a pervasive but unjust institution , in only a few generations .
They were the abolitionists , and the institution was slavery .
As Stephen Carson wrote :
Several hundred years ago , the notion that the slave trade could be ended and then chattel slavery itself abolished certainly seemed utopian .
But British evangelical Christians began to make the moral case against it and , within a century or two , slavery was abolished throughout the wider European world .
The abolitionists were faced with a choice .
They could have tried to convince a majority of people of the correctness of a particular religious view , part of which was that slavery is wrong .
But to make the whole world Congregationalist , Methodist , or Baptist might take thousands of years .
In the meantime , if they cooperated with others who shared their opinion of slavery , they could achieve a great good in the nearer future : the end of human bondage .
Achieving their " short - term " goal did not mean compromising fundamental beliefs .
Someone could still argue that Methodism was the true path , while cooperating with a Quaker to abolish slavery .
We often adopt that approach in our day - to - day lives .
For example , Bob Murphy is a good friend of mine .
Nevertheless , we sometimes have fierce disputes over theoretical issues .
Well , so what ?
We are still friends , and we are still able to collaborate in areas where we agree .
If we were basketball players , I would say that while we may at times have different ideas about how to play basketball , we are still on the same team .
Our differences of opinion should not distract us from trying to defeat the other fellows .
The embracing of diverse ethical bases for libertarianism might lead some people to accuse me of moral relativism .
The suggestion is slanderous .
I do n't for a minute contend that all philosophies are created equal , or that there is no best worldview .
There certainly is a best worldview … and of course it is the one that I hold .
But I do realize that not all of you agree with me on everything , at least not at present .
( Many of you will come to see the light .
I 'm certain of it . )
However , when I go to my butcher to get a roast , I do n't worry about whether he agrees with me about metaphysical dualism .
Similarly , when I look for allies in the fight for liberty , their opinion on the doctrine of transubstantiation is of minor importance to me .
( This is not to belittle the importance of such topics .
They are just not important to the task at hand , be it buying beef or realizing liberty . )
Frankly , I am more interested in ethical behavior than in ethical systems .
As I see it , an ethical system supports , not determines , ethical behavior .
I applaud any ethical system that steers its followers away from using aggression to achieve their ends .
Disputing the merits of various ethical systems is hardly pointless .
But I do n't think that attempting to resolve that debate is how we will advance on our road .
In order to progress toward liberty , we must convince " the Average Joe " that liberty is important to him .
I 've met the Average Joe , and believe me , he has little interest in issues such as whether human rights are grounded on natural law , utilitarian calculus , cultural traditions , or something else altogether .
What will influence the average person are straightforward examples of concrete behavior that illuminate the real nature of various state activities .
I do n't think we should try to convince him to overthrow his entire worldview and adopt ours .
We should alert him to the fact that his existing worldview indicates that various things he previously has tolerated are , in fact , wrong .
Falsifying Language
One way to do this is to clarify the way he talks about things .
Here , I think Guido Hülsmann has done us a great service , by pointing out the state - generated fog swirling through our language .
Theft is called " asset forfeiture , " the murder of Randy Weaver 's wife is called " law enforcement , " budget increases are called " cuts in spending . "
The mist is necessary to prevent everyone - including those generating the mist !
- from seeing what is really occurring .
Our job , as I see it , is to burn off the fog .
Hülsmann shows that this fog obscures the immoral nature of the domineering state .
It creates the illusion that the state stands apart from ordinary human values and judgments .
The state somehow represents the mystical " will of the people , " or our " voluntary , collective choices . "
If we can make it clear that we should not tolerate behavior from our government that we would not tolerate from our friend , we will have made a great step forward .
For example , I was talking with a friend of mine some time ago .
He had been intensely interested in politics , but less so in political theory .
When he asked me about libertarianism , I told him the following tale :
Imagine that you , Dick , Mark , and I go camping .
While climbing a mountain to the campsite , you , Dick , and I decide to build a lean - to , so that we have a sheltered spot to rest in on the way down .
" Come help us , Mark , " we shout to him .
" No thanks , I 'll go on ahead and set up the camp site , " he replies .
" No you wo n't , Mark . "
" What do you mean , no I won't ? " he asks us .
" What we mean is , you have to help us .
We 're the majority .
We 've voted , and we 've decided that everyone must contribute to our project .
And , you see , we 're prepared to kill you if you do n't . "
" Kill me ? "
" Yes , kill you , if we have to .
Please , it 's not that we want to kill you .
At first , if you resist , we 'll just rough you up a bit .
But if you continue to be obstinate , eventually we will have to kill you .
You'd be defying the will of the people . "
" Now , " I asked my friend , " how is this essentially different than the Social Democratic State , supposedly the epitome of just and fair governance ? "
He pondered my story for a minute .
Then he said , " Yeah , it really is n't different , is it ? "
At that moment , he later told me , he became convinced of the essential soundness of libertarian political theory .
Most people already know that the action of our hypothetical campers is wrong .
( And we 'll never convince the few who do n't with any system . )
We do n't have to change their whole worldview .
We just have to show them the fog that has kept them from seeing that when the government does such things it is acting unjustly , judged from within their current ethical system .
No Need to Agree on the " Best " Laws
Another reason I think a right to secession is the right road is that it does not require widespread agreement on what the specific laws of any particular civil association ought to be .
On the contrary , the recognition of a right to secession peacefully accommodates the widest possible divergence of opinion about what laws are just , by enabling a multitude of legal systems to co-exist without intrinsic conflict between them .
This principle alleviates the conflict that has divided libertarianism for several decades , between anarcho - capitalists , who believe that no state can be just , and minarchists , who hold that society needs a minimal state to enforce basic laws and provide defense .
If each group recognizes the right of the other to attempt to realize the form of social organization that it favors , then there is no longer any inherent conflict between them .
Nor does the acceptance of a right to secession commit one to any particular form of organization for defense and law enforcement .
Civil associations might employ traditional police and defense forces , hire private defense agencies , as proposed by Murray Rothbard and David Friedman , form mutual defense agencies , as recommended by Paul Birch , establish the sort of insurance system proposed by Hans Hoppe and Bob Murphy , or employ some yet undreamed of form of defense and law enforcement .
I think that people with an enormously wide range of political beliefs can get along peacefully , if they simply recognize each individual 's right to form , join , and leave civil associations .
No doubt many people will find some of the laws that other people choose to live under bizarre or unjust .
However , as long as membership in a civil association is voluntary , and no group tries to impose its vision of just law on any other , I see no reason why such groups should not live in peace with each other .
For instance , to examine an area of fierce dispute among libertarians , consider fractional reserve banking .
Familiar ?
Many libertarians view fractional reserve banking with extreme distaste .
I believe they have a perfect right to form civil associations that do not permit the practice .
However , one such libertarian wrote to me contending that fractional reserve banking must be banned everywhere .
Now , if all he meant was that he hoped to persuade everyone that the practice is pernicious and ought to be banned , then his view is compatible with the world of voluntary civil associations I am recommending tonight .
But it was clear to me that he meant more than that : he believed fractional reserve banking must be forcibly stamped out wherever it is practiced .
Let us consider the implication of such a view .
We 'll imagine two civil associations , Rothbardville and Friedmantown , existing in neighboring villages .
( Of course , in the world I am describing members of the two groups might even be geographically intermingled , but that is unimportant for this scenario . )
Fractional reserve banking is banned in Rothbardville , but practiced enthusiastically in Friedmantown .
To be consistent , my correspondent would have to endorse an invasion of Friedmantown by Rothbardville , in order to force the Friedmanites to give up fractional reserve banking .
However , as long as the Friedmanites were not surreptitiously attempting to pass fractional reserve notes to the Rothbardians , it clearly would be an act of aggression on the part of the Rothbardians to attack them .
Should any individual Friedmanite complain to a Rothbardian that he believes his rights are being violated because his deposits were not being held entirely in bank vaults , the correct response from the Rothbardian is : " I completely agree with you .
Therefore , you should secede from Friedmantown and become a citizen of Rothbardville . "
The two groups can live in peace and even trade with each other , as long as the Friedmanites used gold , or paper money fully backed by gold , for payments to the Rothbardians .
The Rothbardians might find the Friedmanites ' indulgence in fractional reserve banking to be foolish in the extreme , just as anarcho - socialists might find both the Rothbardian and the Friedmanite toleration of wage labor and the private ownership of capital goods to be similarly foolish .
But liberty surely entails the right to be foolish , so long as one does n't force one 's foolishness on others .
Conclusion
I believe the recognition of a right to secession is the single greatest advance toward liberty that is within our grasp .
Because many people today acknowledge the right to self - governance , persuading them to acknowledge the right to secession only entails making explicit the logical implication of values that they already hold .
Furthermore , the abolition movement offers us an historical precedent for the approach I suggest .
Rather than engage in endless disputes among themselves , the abolitionists united behind a single , simple principle : human slavery is wrong .
Similarly , libertarians , of whatever stripe , today might agree that the bondage of individuals to a state that they had no say in choosing is wrong .
Whatever particular laws we advocate , we could unite behind the idea that human freedom is advanced when each person can choose the body of law under which he wishes to live .
Each of us , within whatever tradition of morality we endorse , can bring into relief those elements of that tradition that support the freedom of the individual to choose his own form of governance .
Libertarians can divide themselves in debating incremental versus radical reform , anarchy versus minarchy , Rand versus Mises , Rothbard versus Friedman , and so on .
Or , we can choose a common road to travel , one that does not deny our differences but still proceeds directly toward eliminating a great evil from the world .
I suggest we hit the road .
Just opposite where the Isle of Wight ferry lands , a row of old shops and pubs sits picturesquely on Portsmouth Hard , in the shadow of the magnificent Victorian battleship HMS Warrior .
One of these , the old National Provincial Bank , is now home to the museum of the UK ’s Creation Science Movement .
The Genesis Expo is described by the CSM as :
… 12 dioramas and a clutch of real fossilised dinosaur eggs …
A wide range of topics is examined and some of the displays are animated …
They are all presented in an easily understood form for those with little knowledge of the enormous amount of scientific evidence that is against evolution and supports creation .
This is the UK ’s largest and most popular Creationist museum .
In a series of three articles on The Ranger ’s Blog you will find out what happened when The Ranger and the Wildlife Gardener – both unapologetic supporters of Darwin ’s theory – took a day off and visited Genesis Expo .
Part one is below .
The Ranger ’s Blog review team assembled at Portsmouth Harbour railway station – Matt , Cat and junior rangers Bill ( 12 ) and Jack ( 10 ) coming overseas from the Isle of Wight , and Ruth plus junior Wildlife Gardeners Sophia ( 8 ) and Eleanor ( 5 ) rode down from Surrey for the day .
So , a wide range of ages to test out the museum ’s effectiveness .
A fun morning was spent enjoying the delights of the historic naval dockyard , and a decent lunch at a nearby pub .
But before the creation museum could be tackled , I asked the party two questions : ‘ What are you expecting to see ? ’ and ‘ How do you think life came about ?’.
Here ’s some highlights from their answers :
What are you expecting to see ?
Eleanor : A plastic dinosaur !
Sophia :
They are going to say that they think Darwin is wrong about evolution .
I think they ’re wrong .
I think Darwin will win !
Jack : Lots of people with suits on screaming about God.
Bill :
They ’ll say there ’s no proof to support evolution even though there is .
C@ : Some stuff about how dinosaur bones were placed there by evil scientists , as kids love dinosaurs and it ’s a good hook to get them thinking about creation .
Ruth : Completely the opposite of what I think about evolution !
Matt : some rubbishy old displays .
Might be some people asking us questions .
Probably a bit of a disappointment .
The peeling frontage of the Genesis Expo
The peeling frontage of the Genesis Expo
How do you think life came about ?
Sophia : Everything evolved from little other things .
I dunno where they came from .
Jack :
First there was little bugs like those really small things … bacteria , then they turn into fishes , then they turn into monkeys and then they turn into humans .
Bill :
It ’s so long ago its going to be impossible to tell , you ’ve just gotta accept it ’s one of the mysteries in life .
C@ :
Why do we need to know ?
I ’m not sure we do .
I do believe in evolution , but I guess life kind of fermented out of a primordial soup .
Ruth : Give
God the big bang and the rest can come down to Darwin .
I do n’t have any truck with creationists .
Matt :
There is n’t any problem with having God and evolution as far as I can see .
Perhaps
God intended us to explore the universe through science .
A range of viewpoints from the visitors – and it ’s interesting to note that the younger children ’s views were quite vague anyway , so perhaps the Expo stood a chance .
But more - or - less everyone seems to have grasped the point that this could be an antagonistic debate with two opposing points of view .
Now read part 2 : entering the museum – what we saw and heard .
And in Part 3 , see how the visitors described their experience .
Were we at all influenced by the museum ’s message ?
Keep reading The Ranger ’s Blog to find out .
EDIT : March 2014 .
Note that the Genesis Expo museum now appears to be permanently closed , although it is still there so I suppose might reopen .
This is not considered the State of the Union speech , that will come next January .
President Barack Obama plans to address Congress for the first time on Feb. 24 , five weeks after his inauguration .
White House officials say that Obama 's speech to a joint session of the House and Senate will have the trappings of a State of the Union address , but it will not be considered one .
His first State of the Union speech wo n't come until next January .
The speech to Congress on Feb. 24 is expected to emphasize that Obama inherited difficult situations on many fronts and that he will preside over a new dawn in Washington .
The cats ate the birds until the humans killed the cats , but now the rabbits are out of control .
That 's the sad state of affairs on Macquarie Island , an island near Antarctica that was declared a world heritage site in 1997 due to its status as the sole breeding ground for the royal penguin .
For decades researchers have attempted to get rid of the invasive species that have altered the island 's ecological balance , but a new study notes that the latest effort , an all - out push to eradicate feral cats , has had the unintended consequence of allowing a boom in the rabbit population .
Those rabbits have quickly denuded the landscape of its vegetation , researchers say .
Things began to go wrong on Macquarie Island ... soon after it was discovered in 1810 .
The island 's fur seals , elephant seals and penguins were killed for fur and blubber , but it was the rats and mice that jumped from the sealing ships that started the problem .
Cats were quickly introduced to keep the rodents from precious food stores .
Rabbits followed some 60 years later , as part of a tradition to leave the animals on islands to give shipwrecked sailors something to eat [ The Guardian ] .
The invasive species all thrived to the detriment of local species , and by the 1970s biologists were concerned enough to introduce a rabbit - killing disease called myxomatosis , which thinned the rabbit herds considerably .
However , that left the cats with less available prey and caused them to begin hunting the island 's native burrowing birds .
By 1985 conservationists decided that all of the cats would have to be shot , and the job was done by 2000 .
But that move allowed the rabbit populations to flourish once more .
Since the eradication of cats eight years ago there are now an estimated 100,000 rabbits munching the foliage of Macquarie Island ....
Removal of plant cover is thought to make penguins more vulnerable to predation [ BBC News ] .
Now scientists say they must wipe out the rabbits completely , and say that it will cost about $ 17 million to eradicate the invaders and restore native plant life .
They expect to begin dropping poisoned bait around the island next year .
In the study that sums up this history , which will be published in the Journal of Applied Ecology , study coauthor Dana Bergstrom says that Macquarie Island should serve as an example of what not to do .
" Our study shows that between 2000 and 2007 there has been widespread ecosystem devastation and decades of conservation effort compromised .
The lessons for conservation agencies globally is that interventions should be comprehensive , and include risk assessments to explicitly consider and plan for indirect effects , or face substantial subsequent costs " [ Telegraph ] .
Related Content : Discoblog : Crocs Chow Down on Invasive Toads , Instantly Regret It Discoblog : Does Fighting Forest Fires Help Invasive Species ?
DISCOVER : The Truth About Endangered Species DISCOVER : Purple Passion tells of the controversy sparked by purple loosestrife Image : Australian Antarctic Division , showing shots from before and after the plague of rabbits
Collaborative Map - Reduce in the Browser
After immersing yourself into the field of distributed computing and large data sets you inevitably come to appreciate the elegance of Google ’s Map - Reduce framework .
Both the generality and the simplicity of its map , emit , and reduce phases is what makes it such a powerful tool .
However , while Google has made the theory public , the underlying software implementation remains closed source and is arguably one of their biggest competitive advantages ( GFS , BigTable , etc ) .
Of course , there is a multitude of the open source variants ( Apache Hadoop , Disco , Skynet , amongst many others ) , but one ca n’t help but to notice the disconnect between the elegance and simplicity of the theory and the painful implementation : custom protocols , custom servers , file systems , redundancy , and the list goes on !
Which begs the question , how do we lower the barrier ?
Massively Collaborative Computation
After several iterations , false starts , and great conversations with Michael Nielsen , a flash of the obvious came : HTTP + Javascript !
What if you could contribute to a computational ( Map - Reduce ) job by simply pointing your browser to a URL ?
Surely your social network would n’t mind opening a background tab to help you crunch a dataset or two !
Instead of focusing on high - throughput proprietary protocols and high - efficiency data planes to distribute and deliver the data , we could use battle tested solutions : HTTP and your favorite browser .
It just so happens that there are more Javascript processors around the world ( every browser can run it ) than for any other language out there - a perfect data processing platform .
Google ’s server farm is rumored to be over six digits ( and growing fast ) , which is an astounding number of machines , but how hard would it be to assemble a million people to contribute a fraction of their compute time ?
I do n’t think it ’s far - fetched at all as long as the barrier to entry is low .
Granted , the efficiency of the computation would be much lower , but we would have a much larger potential cluster , and this could enable us to solve a whole class of problems previously unachievable .
Client - Side Computation in the Browser
Aside from storing and distributing the data the most expensive part of any job is the CPU time .
However , by splitting the data into small and manageable chunks , we could easily construct an HTTP - based workflow to let the user ’s browser handle this for us :
The entire process consists of four easy steps .
First , the client requests to join the cluster by making a request to the job - server which tracks the progress of the computation .
Next , the job - server allocates a unit of work and redirects ( 301 HTTP Redirect , for example ) the client to a URL which contains the data and the Javascript map / reduce functions .
Here is a sample for a simple distributed word - count :
< html > < head > < script type= " text/ javascript " > function map ( ) { /* count the number of words in the body of document */ var words = document .
body .
innerHTML . split ( /
|\s/ ) . length ; emit ( ' reduce ' , { ' count ' : words } ) ; } function reduce ( ) { /* sum up all the word counts */ var sum =
0 ; var docs = document .
body .
innerHTML . split ( /
/ ) ; for each ( num in docs ) { sum += parseInt ( num ) > 0 ?
parseInt ( num ) : 0 } emit ( ' finalize ' , { ' sum ' : sum } ) ; } function emit ( phase , data ) { ... } </ script > </ head > < body onload= " map ( ) ; " > ... DATA ... </ body > </html >
Once the page is loaded and the Javascript is executed ( which is getting faster and faster with the Javascript VM wars ) , the results are sent back ( POST ) to the job - server , and the cycle repeats until all jobs ( map and reduce ) are done .
Hence joining the cluster is as simple as opening a URL and distribution is handled by our battle - tested HTTP protocol .
Simple Job -Server in Ruby
The last missing piece of the puzzle is the job server to coordinate the distributed workflow .
Which , as it turns out , takes just thirty lines of Ruby with the help of the Sinatra web framework :
require " rubygems " require " sinatra " configure do set : map_jobs , Dir . glob ( " data/*.txt " ) set : reduce_jobs , [ ] set : result , nil end get " / " do redirect " / map / #{ options .
map_jobs .
pop } " unless options .
map_jobs .
empty ?
redirect " / reduce " unless options .
reduce_jobs .
empty ?
redirect " / done " end get " / map / * " do erb : map , : file => params [ : splat ]. first ; end get " / reduce " do erb : reduce , : data => options .
reduce_jobs ; end get " / done " do erb : done , : answer => options .
result ; end post " / emit / : phase " do case params [ : phase ] when " reduce " then options .
reduce_jobs .
push params [ ' count ' ] redirect " / " when " finalize " then options .
result = params [ ' sum ' ] redirect " / done " end end #
To run the job server : # > ruby job - server.rb -p 80
That ’s it .
Start up the server and type in the URL in your browser .
The rest is both completely automated and easily parallelizable - just point more browsers at it !
Add some load balancing , a database , and it may be just crazy enough that it might actually work .
Part II , with notes and commentary from the community : Collaborative / Swarm Computing Notes
In the beginning I found the directions at TeamDroid to be a great help on how to do this .
Now that I 've done it over a dozen times it 's routine .
With practice this becomes quick and simple .
There is another instructable describing how to hollow out a lightbulb here to get another perspective on it .
Teamdroid linked to a GE tech spec on your standard bulb here .
A lot of the time you are poking around inside the lightbulb trying to break off the internal glass bits .
Do this over a trashcan and often shake the lightbulb out over the trashcan to get rid of the glass shards .
Wear safety glasses at all times .
More than once some glass flew up towards my face when I was doing this .
First , grip the metal circle with a blob of solder in the middle at the bottom of the lightbulb with your pliers and gently pry it up from the dark purple glass insulator .
This is pulling a wire in the middle that you want to break , so just pull it off .
Once that is done , take your carbide scribe and over a trash can , pry into the hole you just made in the purple glass insulator and break up that purple glass .
You want to remove all the purple glass insulator from the lightbulb body .
I use the scribe to start some cracks and lift off a section of it , then I follow up with the screwdriver to get the rest .
Turn the lightbulb upside down and shake out all the glass bits that have fallen inside .
Inside there is a small glass tube that pokes up into the glass insulator .
You might or might not have already broken that off by now .
If not , just lever the screwdriver against it until it snaps loose .
Empty into the trashcan .
Now you have a hole in the bottom of the lightbulb .
At this point I take my pliers and gently bend over the metal tabs on the inside of the hole so there is no " lip " on the inside .
Later when you have broken up the rest of the inside pieces , there is n't anywhere for the bits to catch and stay in the lightbulb when you shake it out .
There should be a wire visible inside that 's soldered to the side of the metal screw piece .
Take your wire cutters and cut the wire as close to the side of the bulb as possible .
Now , the inside has a glass cylinder you need to break off and clean up the edges to finish the job .
Take your scribe or screwdriver and put it down into the lightbulb until it meets resistance .
Tap it gently until something breaks .
Then using the screwdriver , lever against the side of the lightbulb to clean out whatever remaining glass bits are left .
You want the neck of the lightbulb to be clear from the hole all the way down the body .
Turn the bulb over and shake it out one more time to get rid of the last of the internal glass pieces floating loose .
Take a toothbrush and while dry , push it into the lightbulb and start loosening up the dry white powder .
Especially in the neck of the bulb .
Do n't worry if you can't get the stuff the toothbrush can't reach at this point .
I found the bulb cleans out easier if you do loosen up the white powder in the neck before it gets wet .
Now take it over to the sink and add a little soap and water .
Scrub around with the toothbrush and shake the bulb to get the water everywhere .
Pull out the toothbrush and then wash out the soapy water from the bulb .
At this point it 's all nice and clean inside without any soapy residue .
Set it aside to dry out .
Now it 's time to mix up the concrete .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and former Federal Reserve Board chairman Alan Greenspan bookend two decades of economic missteps .
Photo illustration by Darrow .
Photo Illustrations by Darrow .
By Tiziana Fabi/ AFP / Getty Images ( arms and legs ) , Brendan Smialowski / Getty Images ( Paulson head ) , Alex Wong / Getty Images for Meet the Press ( Greenspan head ) .
There will come a moment when the most urgent threats posed by the credit crisis have eased and the larger task before us will be to chart a direction for the economic steps ahead .
This will be a dangerous moment .
Behind the debates over future policy is a debate over history — a debate over the causes of our current situation .
The battle for the past will determine the battle for the present .
So it ’s crucial to get the history straight .
What were the critical decisions that led to the crisis ?
Mistakes were made at every fork in the road — we had what engineers call a “ system failure , ” when not a single decision but a cascade of decisions produce a tragic result .
Let ’s look at five key moments .
No .
1 : Firing the Chairman
In 1987 the Reagan administration decided to remove Paul Volcker as chairman of the Federal Reserve Board and appoint Alan Greenspan in his place .
Volcker had done what central bankers are supposed to do .
On his watch , inflation had been brought down from more than 11 percent to under 4 percent .
In the world of central banking , that should have earned him a grade of A +++ and assured his re-appointment .
But Volcker also understood that financial markets need to be regulated .
Reagan wanted someone who did not believe any such thing , and he found him in a devotee of the objectivist philosopher and free - market zealot Ayn Rand .
To read the complete story , pick up a copy of The Great Hangover : 21 Tales of the New Recession from the Pages of Vanity Fair* *( Harper Perennial ) , available online and at better booksellers now .
[ / caption ]
Europe ’s Gravity field and steady - state Ocean Circulation Explorer ( GOCE ) seems to be stuck on the pad .
The climate change satellite was expected to launch out of Russia at 14:21 GMT ( 10:21 EDT ) today , from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in northern Russia .
The weather was fine and mission managers were optimistic with seconds to liftoff — and then , everything froze .
With seven seconds left on the countdown clock , an unexpected hold went into place and ESA broadcasters simply stopped talking .
Update , 12:30 p.m. EDT : The ESA has announced that launch failed when the doors of the launch service tower did not open .
The tower was held in position and did not move back as required for a launch .
An investigation is under way , and the agency intends to try again tomorrow at the same time ( 15:21 CET ; 14:21 GMT ; 10:21 a.m. EDT ) .
GOCE is the first of a new family of ESA satellites , called Earth Explorers , designed to study our planet and its environment in order to improve our knowledge and understanding of Earth - system processes and their evolution , to characterize the challenges of global climate change .
The satellite is supposed to launch into a Sun-synchronous , near - circular polar orbit by a Russian Rockot vehicle – a converted SS - 19 ballistic missile .
Its specific mission is to map Earth ’s gravity field with unprecedented accuracy , providing insight into ocean circulation , sea - level change , climate change , volcanism and earthquakes .
GOCE has been undergoing preparations for launch since it was taken out of storage around three weeks ago .
Launch campaign activities included a series of mechanical and electrical tests , mating to the Upper Stage and finally encapsulation in the launcher fairing .
A video of the anticipated fairing separation was produced pre-launch , and is available here .
Today ’s go - ahead followed a successful countdown rehearsal conducted by ESA ’s Mission Control Team , the Russian Mission Control Centre and the international tracking station network on Friday .
“ We ’ve been in this room for many hours and many days in the past .
We want to do the real thing now , ” said Paolo Laberinti , head of verification and testing , just moments before the seemingly foiled launch .
This is n’t the first time GOCE has encountered problems .
The craft had to stand down from launch in September 2008 when problems were discovered with the guidance and navigation subsystems on the Russian Breeze KM rocket .
GOCE had to be de-mated from the rocket and brought back into the clean room .
Stay tuned for updates to this post as the ESA releases details about the failure .
Source : ESA
Former eBay CEO Meg Whitman , 52 , a billionaire Republican businesswoman who built the online marketplace into a household name , now is looking to tackle the considerable financial problems of the Golden State :
She has announced an exploratory committee to make a 2010 run for governor .
Whitman is entering what is expected to be a crowded and expensive contest , highlighted by the presence of three GOP moderates from the Silicon Valley : Whitman , state Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner - who made millions in cell phone technology before he entered politics - and former Rep. Tom Campbell of San Jose .
Democrats already lining up for a shot at their party 's nomination include state Attorney General Jerry Brown , San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom , Lt. Gov. John Garamendi , who has already declared his intention to run , and Rep. Loretta Sanchez of Orange County .
Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa is considering a run , and U.S. Sen.
Dianne Feinstein refused last week to count herself out .
Whitman served as a lead adviser to 2008 GOP presidential candidate John McCain .
Before that , she supported former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , who dropped out during the primaries .
Whitman 's campaign - its motto is " A New California " - will have some high - profile help : former Gov. Pete Wilson ; U.S. Rep. Kevin McCarthy of Bakersfield , the House chief deputy minority whip ; and U.S. Rep. Mary Bono of Palm Springs will serve as co-chairs .
Whitman is expected to preview her gubernatorial campaign in two major speeches next week , one in the Central Valley and another in Orange County .
She will formally address California Republicans as a candidate for the first time at their state convention , delivering the keynote lunch address Feb. 21 in Sacramento .
With the primaries a year off , political analysts say Whitman 's entry into the Republicans contest could shake things up .
" Poizner and Whitman have a lot in common : business background , political philosophy and personal fortune - but what is the one difference in the race ?
Gender , " said Bill Whalen , research fellow at the Hoover Institution , who has also advised both Wilson and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
He notes that the GOP has suffered from a lack of major female candidates at a statewide level - Maureen Reagan 's run for Senate in 1982 was one of the last such campaigns .
So if " there is a big sweet spot of women on the Republican side who are looking for a serious woman player ... then Whitman actually has a shot to peel them away , " he said .
But Whitman , an Atherton resident who has two college - age children and is married to a neurosurgeon , has never run for public office .
Indeed , a Chronicle investigation showed that until about 18 months ago , Whitman was a decline - to - state voter who had not cast a ballot in some of the state 's most important elections .
Records from San Mateo County show that she became a Republican in September 2007 and did not vote in more than half the federal , state and local elections since she registered to vote in the county in September 2002 .
Among the elections in which she failed to vote were the 2003 recall that ousted Democratic Gov. Gray Davis - a watershed for the state 's GOP - and the 2005 special election that Schwarzenegger called the most important effort to reform California government in a generation .
Still , Whalen said that though Whitman could face criticism that she aims to parachute into the job without any record of public service , she might have an advantage against some of the Democratic hopefuls .
In the current economic climate , he said , " The voters are going to want to elect someone who can get things done .
...
Which do you want : decades of experience or maybe someone who has also accomplished something on the private side ? "
But Democrats say her resume leaves her open to attack .
" Whitman is one of a long line of wealthy business types who want their first public office to be governor , " including Democratic businessman Al Checchi in 1998 and Republican Bill Simon in 2002 , said Democratic strategist Garry South , who advises Newsom .
" With the exception of Arnold , California voters have n't shown receptivity to that .
" And given the current state of California , Arnold has further curdled that argument ; he has left the state in worse condition than he got it in the recall in 2003 .
That 's a classic example of how an outsider can't just ride in on a white horse and clean up the mess . "
But Whitman could face other problems from inside her party .
Within hours of her announcement , Tim Hudson , chairman of the GOP Placer County Central Committee , filed a complaint with the state Fair Political Practices Commission , alleging Whitman has failed to properly report income and expenditures from what he said have been months of campaigning .
Hudson is running for a party post - and has been endorsed by Poizner .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Social housing tends to fall victim to its own success .
After waiting for years to get in , residents tend not to move out -- even after their incomes rise or their families shrink -- because they know they wo n't find a better deal anywhere else .
And the longer they stay , the longer the next generation of non -profit tenants must wait on a list .
A Vancouver credit union has tackled this " problem " with a mortgage package designed to help tenants in non -profit housing buy their first homes .
" We loan them 100 per cent of the purchase price , " explained Elisabeth Geller , who manages community programs for VanCity Savings Credit Union .
" Sometimes , after all the closing costs are figured in , it winds up being 101 or 102 per cent , " she added .
" We 're enabling people with very moderate incomes to buy their first homes , " Geller said .
" Which is great .
At the same time , we 're helping to free up the units they leave behind .
Those apartments become homes for single parents , new immigrants and people with health problems . "
Stuck in social housing
There are 918 non -profit housing developments in British Columbia , totalling about 30,000 units .
The average time a new applicant must wait before getting into one of those subsidized units is estimated at five years .
Instead of paying a fixed monthly rent , residents of most non-profit housing make rent payments equal to one - third of their income .
This enables many working poor people to slowly improve their lot in life , rather than remain trapped in a cycle of perpetual poverty .
As incomes rise , so do rent payments .
In time , some social housing residents wind up making income - based payments equal to or higher than market rents .
" Their circumstances improve .
They have good jobs .
And that 30 per cent has jumped to $ 1,200 or $ 1,500 a month , " Geller said .
" But there 's nowhere attractive for them to go .
There 's no place to rent , because this market is experiencing a severe rental shortage ; two - and three - bedroom family homes are particularly hard to find , " Geller explained .
" So they 're stuck .
And through no fault of their own , they 're denying housing to others who desperately need it , " she said .
" About 10 per cent of social housing tenants are paying a monthly rental that , when converted to a mortgage , would enable them to buy a home , " Geller estimated .
" What we 're saying is , why not loan them the money to do it ? "
Two loans at once , with conditions
VanCity 's Springboard Homeownership Program is a package of two loans , which are only available to residents of subsidized housing :
- A down payment loan equal to 20 per cent of the purchase price .
This loan is interest - free , but borrowers must make monthly payments sufficient to payoff the principal in 10 years .
- A mortgage for 80 per cent of the purchase price .
This loan accrues interest at the same rate as other mortgages , but borrowers need only make interest payments for the first 10 years .
More significantly , VanCity allows its Springboard customers to borrow more than others in the same income bracket .
Most bankers cap the amount that a borrower can spend on housing -- which typically includes principal , interest , taxes and strata fees -- at 30 per cent of income .
This cap is the limiting factor that prevents median - income families from purchasing median homes in Metro Vancouver .
Springboard borrowers can stretch their payments up to roughly 37.5 per cent of their incomes .
" For Springboard customers , we 're offering to take the money they 've been paying in rent , add 25 per cent to it , and call that a mortgage payment , " Geller explained .
Likewise , Springboard borrowers are subject to a different credit approval process .
The program requires , for example , that applicants have not missed or been late with a single rent payment in the preceding two - year period .
" We did n't want to discriminate against someone who had always paid their bills on time , but did n't happen to have a credit history , " Geller said .
" People who have been paying their rent on time for two years are pretty stable folks . "
Not like ' toxic ' mortgages that melted down
Geller stressed that Springboard mortgages never balloon , the way high - risk U.S. mortgages often did , squeezing owners out of their homes in the process .
" This is different , " Geller said .
" The interest rates are fixed , and so are the payments . "
Nonetheless , VanCity makes an effort to monitor its Springboard borrowers more closely than most .
Springboard borrowers are required to complete a one - day home ownership readiness course .
And their payments are scrutinized much more aggressively than are those of conventional borrowers .
If a Springboard homeowner misses even a single payment , VanCity will begin foreclosure proceedings .
" We 're talking about people who are stretching their incomes , " Geller said .
" If they were to fall behind , the chances of them catching up are not good .
So we do watch them more closely .
Absolutely . "
VanCity has made 20 mortgages since the Springboard program was launched in 2006 , for a total of $ 2.7 million .
Geller said she 's been impressed with the financial readiness of the Springboard borrowers .
" We were a bit surprised , " she said .
" Most of the people living in non -profit housing have substantial savings .
They had down payments .
A surprisingly large number of people came to us with $ 8,000 or $ 10,000 saved . "
Waiting for condo prices to fall
But Geller said the high price of housing -- even entry level condos -- has restricted the program .
" I 'd like to loan a lot more , " Geller said .
" We pre-approved all kinds of people who could n't find housing in their price range . "
Indeed , VanCity pre-approved 57 Springboard borrowers -- almost three times as many as were able to buy a home .
The average approval amount was $ 187,000 .
" Most of those people are still looking , " Geller said .
" There has been very little housing available to purchase at that price . "
Condo prices appear to be dropping even more steeply than the Metro Vancouver real estate market as a whole , however , and Geller hopes that many of those preapproved borrowers will be able to buy homes sometime this year .
" We have seen a resurgence of applications , " she said .
" I expect that when the spring mortgage season hits , we will see some more sales . "
' Any bank could do this '
VanCity loses money on the interest - free down payment loan , but makes some of it back on the interest - only mortgage .
The credit union , which was founded to make mortgage loans in parts of town where the Eastern banks would n't lend , hopes that the long - term business gained will offset the short - term subsidy ,
" The down payment loan is a loss for us , a loss that must be subsidized by our other members , " Geller said .
" But at the end of the day , we make a little bit more off the mortgage -- because people are n't paying anything on the principal -- and that offsets some of the down payment loan . "
Geller hopes other financial institutions will copy the VanCity program , or invent alternative programs to help first - time homebuyers .
" Any bank could do this , " she said .
" Imitation is truly the sincerest form of flattery .
If somebody called me up tomorrow from TD and asked how to do this , we'd have a nice long conversation .
" At the end of the day , our goal -- everybody 's goal -- is to move people into better and more affordable housing . "
Related
Tyee stories :
eye Title Creator
Prelinger Archives 13,180 13 K San Francisco 1939 movies eye 13,180 favorite 26 comment 3
0589 PA8114 San Francisco 1939
favorite favorite favorite ( 3 reviews )
Topics : Amateur Films , Earthquakes : San Francisco , 1906 , San Francisco : Scenics : Historical , San Francisco :...
Pre-World War II San Francisco scenics .
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 5 reviews )
Topic : San Francisco : Scenics : Historical
Prelinger Archives 66,197 66 K Bridging San Francisco Bay by Handy ( Jam ) Organization movies eye 66,197 favorite 52 comment 9
Building the San Francisco - Oakland Bay Bridge .
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 9 reviews )
Topics : Infrastructure : Bridges , San Francisco : Infrastructure , Occupations : Ironworkers
Amateur footage of San Francisco Outdoor Art Show
Topic : San Francisco
Prelinger Archives 12,346 12 K San Francisco
Scenes movies eye 12,346 favorite 22 comment 3
Silent black and white footage of San Francisco , presumably from the late 1920's or early 1930's .
favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 3 reviews )
Topics : San Francisco : Scenics : Historical , Transportation : Cable cars , Landscapes : Cultural
Prelinger Archives 9,213 9.2K Brooklyn Goes to San Francisco by Universal Pictures movies eye 9,213 favorite 10 comment 5
Brooklyn native Phil Foster tours San Francisco and comments on many places of interest .
favorite favorite favorite ( 5 reviews )
Topics : San Francisco : Humor , San Francisco Bay Area , California : History and culture
Prelinger Archives 20,011 20 K San Francisco World 's Fair movies eye 20,011 favorite 21 comment 4
News Parade newsreel footage of the San Francisco World 's Fair in 1939 , the Golden Gate International Exposition .
The fair was intended to celebrate the opening of two bridges , the Golden Gate and the Bay Bridge .
It was held on Treasure Island .
0551 PA8123 San Francisco World 's Fair ( The News Parade )
favorite favorite favorite ( 4 reviews )
Topics : World 's Fairs : San Francisco , 1939 , Newsreels , News Parade , Golden Gate Bridge , Bay Bridge , ...
Prelinger Archives 604,739 605K San Francisco ( 1955 Cinemascope film ) by Tullio Pellegrini movies eye 604,739 favorite 107 comment 10
Cinemascope homage to the city of San Francisco made by amateur filmmaker and inventor Tullio Pellegrini .
favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 10 reviews )
Topics : san francisco , amateur film , widescreen , Cinemascope , pasta1
Prelinger Archives 31,449 31 K [ Opium Destruction , San Francisco 1914 ] by Unknown movies eye 31,449 favorite 18 comment 6
Government agents burn confiscated opium near unfinished San Francisco City Hall , and destroy other confiscated Chinese drugs .
favorite favorite favorite ( 6 reviews )
Topics : Substance abuse : Drugs , San Francisco : History
Viewing notes state : “ Charbauer ” ?
Hotel ; Charbauer or Tharbauer ; Humble Building ; oil rig / wife in car ( ca. 1954 ) ; Death Valley ; driving ; Welcome to New Mexico sign ( 2 frames ; Arizona Welcomes
You sign ; car / driving in desert ; Tamquitz Canyon Palm Springs sign ( 2 frames ) ; Griffith Observatory ( overexposed ) ; Pacific Ocean ; Big Sur ( ? ) ;
Street scene ; Torres Inn Hotel ; Carmel , California : shops , old church , bay , ocean scenes , wife and sister ; Point Joe ; San Francisco street scenes , wharf , ...
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topics : home movies , prelinger , San Francisco , Carmel , Western U.S. , California
Cleaning up downtown San Francisco after the conflagration .
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 11 reviews )
Topics : Earthquakes : San Francisco , 1906 , San Francisco : Disasters
Riotous celebrations in San Francisco and Redwood City , California as soldiers , sailors and civilians celebrate the end of World War II .
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 2 reviews )
Topics : San Francisco : World War II : Postwar , Celebrations , Riots
Prelinger Archives Home Movies 171,675 172K San Francisco
Earthquake footage movies eye 171,675 favorite 122 comment 7
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 7 reviews )
Topics : Earthquakes : San Francisco , 1906 , San Francisco : Disasters , Amateur Film
San Francisco , California . [ ?]
Ironworkers strike .
Includes destruction of streetcar .
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Lost Landscapes of San Francisco 7
favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 3 reviews )
Topics : Lost Landscapes , San Francisco
Prelinger Archives 3,242 3.2K
Mood of San Francisco by American Airlines movies eye 3,242 favorite 10 comment 1
Mood of San Francisco ca. early 1960s
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topic : industrial film
Scenes from an early newsreel of the fire and earthquake destruction of San Francisco in 1906
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topics : Earthquakes : San Francisco , 1906 , San Francisco : Disasters , San Francisco : Scenics : Historical
Prelinger Archives 978 978 [ San Francisco Marches On ! ] movies eye 978 favorite 4 comment 1
San Francisco , California promotional film to vote on a bond issue supporting construction of a subway / many scenes of traffic conditions on San Francisco streets involving streetcars , autos , busses and pedestrians
favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Prelinger Archives 7,165 7.2K San Francisco by the Golden Gate by Central Films movies eye 7,165 favorite 11 comment 1
Tour of scenic locations in San Francisco and environs .
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topic : San Francisco : Scenics : Historical
Prelinger Archives 632 632 [ San Francisco Scenes ( miscellaneous ) ] movies eye 632 favorite 0 comment 1
Includes early footage of the Golden Gate Bridge and the San Francisco - Oakland Bay Bridge .
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Scenes from an early newsreel of the fire and earthquake destruction of San Francisco in 1906
favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 3 reviews )
Topics : Earthquakes : San Francisco , 1906 , San Francisco : Disasters , San Francisco : Scenics : Historical
about California and San Francisco including Golden Gate International Exposition .
VO ends film : " ... San Francisco , the city that knows how " 02:51:51 Establishing shot View of mountains 02:51:59 Establishing shot - lake ( Tahoe ? ) Scenes of San Francisco 02:52:59 Chinatown scenes 02:54:12 Establishing shot - skyline of San Francisco 02:54:22 Sailboats on the Bay 02:54:48 Bay Bridge scenes 02:55:13 Golden Gate Bridge scenes 02:55:20 View from top of Golden Gate Bridge Views of carnival ...
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Longshoremen close down the Port of San Francisco in the spring of 1934 .
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topics : San Francisco : Labor , Labor : Strikes
Longshoremen close down the Port of San Francisco in the spring of 1934 .
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topics : San Francisco : Labor , Labor : Strikes
Prelinger Archives 1,073 1.1K [ San Francisco Aerials ] movies eye 1,073 favorite 2 comment 1
San Francisco City and Civic Center from a Balloon : take off / City Hall / aerials of various parts of the city and return to City Hall and land
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Aerial beginning near Golden Gate Bridge and traversing city to show downtown and San Francisco - Oakland Bay Bridge
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Prelinger Archives 4,241 4.2 K [ Kidnapping in San Francisco ] by Universal - International Newsreel movies eye 4,241 favorite 10 comment 2
Captive for 64 Hours , Wealthy Realtor Saved .
Realtor Leonard Moskowitz kidnapped ; journalists are in on the story but keep it out of the press to lessen the danger to his life .
Newsreel story .
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 2 reviews )
Topics : Newsreels , San Francisco : Crime and criminals , Crime and criminals
Aftermath of San Francisco earthquake , April 18 , 1906 : More views of destruction taken from a vehicle moving east down Market Street
favorite favorite favorite ( 2 reviews )
Aftermath of San Francisco earthquake , April 18 , 1906 : More views of destruction taken from a vehicle moving east down Market Street
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Prelinger Archives 46,987 47 K [ San Francisco Earthquake Aftermath , Part 3 by Unknown movies eye 46,987 favorite 38 comment 7
Chilling post - earthquake footage , shot in the Western Addition and on Market Street in San Francisco .
The first sequence ( Western Addition ) shows a great deal of evocative neighborhood detail from one hundred years ago .
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 7 reviews )
Topics : Earthquakes : San Francisco , 1906 , San Francisco : Disasters , San Francisco : Scenics : Historical
Home movie : 001478 : 1940s San Francisco neighborhoods
Topics : 1940s , San Francisco , Richmond district , family , holiday dinner
San Francisco as shot by tourists , early 1960s .
Includes Fishermen's
Wharf area , Marina Green , Alcatraz , etc .
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topics : San Francisco , travel and tourism , home movies
Union workers in San Francisco stage a general strike , shutting down the city to support striking longshoremen .
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 2 reviews )
Topics : San Francisco : Labor , Labor : Strikes , Labor : 1930s
Prelinger Archives 29,868 30 K San Francisco Earthquake Aftermath , Part 1 by Unknown movies eye 29,868 favorite 24 comment 5
Scenes of displaced people and damaged buildings in San Francisco after the 1906 earthquake and fire .
Original film is in need of repair , jumps and rolls out of frame .
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 5 reviews )
Topics : San Francisco : Disasters , Earthquakes : San Francisco , 1906 , Fires and firefighting
Prelinger Archives 862 862 [ San Francisco Scenes ] movies eye 862 favorite 2 comment 1
San Francisco scenes .
Aerials ; Pacific Telephone Building ; looking down Market Street , shot from around 8th Street ; Ferry Building ; Goat Island , ferry in background ; maps of San Francisco Bay ; view through Golden Gate ; ferry and shipping on Bay ; pan shot of waterfront piers from the air ; maps ; MS Ferry Building with streetcars in front ; streetcars ( trolleys ) turning ; crowds ; ferries approaching berth , seen from Ferry Building ; ferries passing on the Bay ; Oakland and Lake Merritt , Oakland City ...
favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Union workers in San Francisco stage a general strike , shutting down the city to support striking longshoremen .
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topics : San Francisco : Labor , Labor : Strikes , Labor : 1930s
Prelinger Archives 1,342 1.3K [ San Francisco Scenes ] movies eye 1,342 favorite 10 comment 1
San Francisco scenes .
Aerials ; Pacific Telephone Building ; looking down Market Street , shot from around 8th Street ; Ferry Building ; Goat Island , ferry in background ; maps of San Francisco Bay ; view through Golden Gate ; ferry and shipping on Bay ; pan shot of waterfront piers from the air ; maps ; MS Ferry Building with streetcars in front ; streetcars ( trolleys ) turning ; crowds ; ferries approaching berth , seen from Ferry Building ; ferries passing on the Bay ; Oakland and Lake Merritt , Oakland City ...
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Prelinger Archives 1,702 1.7K [ San Francisco Scenes ] by Unknown movies eye 1,702 favorite 8 comment 1
San Francisco scenes .
Aerials ; Pacific Telephone Building ; looking down Market Street , shot from around 8th Street ; Ferry Building ; Goat Island , ferry in background ; maps of San Francisco Bay ; view through Golden Gate ; ferry and shipping on Bay ; pan shot of waterfront piers from the air ; maps ; MS Ferry Building with streetcars in front ; streetcars ( trolleys ) turning ; crowds ; ferries approaching berth , seen from Ferry Building ; ferries passing on the Bay ; Oakland and Lake Merritt , Oakland City ...
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
to come
Topics : home movies , San Francisco
1950s fashion show is staged on a runway set up in the middle of Union Square Park , San Francisco .
Newsreel story .
favorite favorite ( 4 reviews )
Topics : Newsreels , San Francisco : Fashion shows , Models
Prelinger Archives 836 836 [ Home Movies : San Francisco ] movies eye 836 favorite 7 comment 2
Mission Dolores San Francisco City
Hall seen from straight on , Fulton Street California street with cable car Chinatown Powell and Market streets , cable car turnaround Alcatraz from water Golden Gate Bridge , VS Bay Bridge ferries on bay POV driving on Bay Bridge , two - way traffic
favorite favorite favorite ( 2 reviews )
Silent black and white footage of San Francisco , including the Ferry Building clock tower and Ferryboats .
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topics : San Francisco : Scenics : Historical , Infrastructure : Water , Motion Pictures : Amateur
Mission Dolores San Francisco City
Hall seen from straight on , Fulton Street California street with cable car Chinatown Powell and Market streets , cable car turnaround Alcatraz from water Golden Gate Bridge , VS Bay Bridge ferries on bay POV driving on Bay Bridge , two - way traffic
favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Home movie : 000517b : 1946 San Francisco tourism
Topics : 1946 , California , San Francisco , cable cars , Gary ’s Cable Car restaurant , waterfront locations
Home movie : 000470_2 : 1964 San Francisco
Topics : 1963 , 1964 , San Francisco , neighborhoods , Sea Cliff , Chinese Opera , Republican Convention , Union ...
Prelinger Archives 939 939 [ Opium Destruction , San Francisco 1914 ] by Unknown movies eye 939 favorite 1 comment 1
1. Government agents burn confiscated opium near new ( unfinished ) San Francisco City Hall .
2 . Agents destroy confiscated Chinese drugs , San Francisco , California .
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Prelinger Archives 801 801 Port of Call : San Francisco by Vista Productions movies eye 801 favorite 0 comment 1
San Francisco scenics and attractions .
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Prelinger Archives 573 573 Port of Call : San Francisco by Vista Productions movies eye 573 favorite 0 comment 1
San Francisco scenics and attractions .
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Home movie : 001114_SF : 1968 San Francisco
Topics : 1968 , San Francisco , Nelson Rockefeller , presidential candidate , Berkeley Barb , road trip , Sierra ...
About The Author Aquil Akhter is a web graphic designer and has been working in this field for 8 years .
He also runs the blog webdesigncore.com , which focuses on free web … More about Aquil Akhter …
Dark Art and Bizarre Surreal Pictures
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Art is a thing that attracts almost every individual .
Today we would like to share with you two different but very interesting mediums of art which are called as Surreal and Dark Art .
These types of art are quite different from other conventional mediums of art .
In these medium , artist conveys his thought and imagination in a very mysterious but somewhat fantastic or I should say in a bizarre style .
Art is a thing that attracts almost every individual .
Today we would like to share with you two different but very interesting mediums of art which are called as Surreal and Dark Art .
These types of art are quite different from other conventional mediums of art .
In these medium , artist conveys his thought and imagination in a very mysterious but somewhat fantastic or I should say in a bizarre style .
I personally like these types of arts as they express the most beautiful and positive aspects of life .
Artist has much room in these types of art to motivate your life , to inspire you and to bring happiness and positivity in your life .
So , here ’s the collection of most momentous and conceptually imaginative surreal and dark art works .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Creative Surreal and Dark Art Pieces
Do have a look at these photos and do not forget to share your comments with us .
Truth
You grow inside me
A new life
Darkness
Fear of Light
Brainwash
C O R E
Flying Brain
Femme Arbre
Hope
Lost Fairy
Under The Last Moon
Not the Right Way
Souls
When the darkness fades away
I will survive
Mothman
Undecided
Watching Dreams
We are in this together
Me and the silence
Hope
We are still in this together
Hollow Hills
Escapar
The edge of faith
i’ve lost my mind
Slave
Beyond Reach
Tangled angels
Desperation
The Dream
DIGG THIS
I see from the Lew Rockwell Blog that Lawrence Vance is in a huff again and has his winter shorts all tied up in knots ; this , in turn , has caused me to get my undies all bunched up in my buns .
Mr. Lawrence is upset because some guys named Rick Warren and Sean Hannity said that “ we ” should “ take out ” the president of Iran , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Well , I ’m sorry , Mr. Vance , maybe Rick Warren and Sean Hannity are somebody in your neighborhood , but over here in Asia , they are unknown .
Mr. Warren and Mr. Hannity themselves might think they are hot stuff in some third world country , but over here in a country that actually has a real economy , they are nobody .
Who cares what those clowns say ?
If they want to take the president of Iran out , I say , by all means please do !
But I seriously doubt that the president of Iran has the time to spend on those guys .
That Warren and Hannity actually think that we should " take out " the president of Iran shows you just how full of themselves these dolts are .
This kind of reminds me of the self - centered , excessively bloated , egotistical ten - year - olds that Dr. Walter Block has to deal with .
But that ’s another story … .
Come to think of it , maybe it ’s not .
I do have to admit that I have seen Hannity before ( on Youtube ) .
I could n’t watch it for more than a few minutes .
I mean , if I want to watch immature little kids arguing , I ’ll just go and pick up my son from Kindergarten , thank you .
People like Warren and Hannity , ( throw in the Peanut - Gallery that Dr. Block has had to correspond with ) , are examples of one of the biggest reasons why the USA is in the mess it ’s in .
Make no mistake about it , the United States is one messed up place .
Trust me , you do n’t want to go there if you do n’t have to .
I wrote three years ago , that America was Bankrupt .
At that time , people jumped all over me .
No one ’s jumping on me now .
Take the bailout of the banks ( please ! ) , soon - to - be bailout of automakers , as well as the entire mess that is today ’s United States and you have a photo of a place going down the crapper ; and in this photo , you will find one common denominator : Generally speaking , unfortunately , my fellow Americans , we come from a nation that has way more than its fair share of idiot megalomaniacs dominating the airwaves .
These people have no manners nor courtesy , formality , respect , or grace .
People like Hannity and Warren are as disgrace to civility .
My guess is that they were brought up under rocks .
And they are on TV no less ?
You would never see these kinds of savages hosting a supposedly intelligent talk show on Japanese TV , nor on Chinese TV .
Two morons like these cannot , by themselves , do much damage .
But what happens to average Slats Grobnik when he sees this kind of behavior on TV all the time and begins to think that this is normal ?
You ’ll have a bunch of very confused natives foaming at the mouth and their testosterone levels skyrocketing ( inverse to their intelligence level ) .
This kind of savagery becomes contagious and is damaging to civil discourse and civil behavior all around .
Throw that in with the collapse of the American education system — just witness the self - serving twits that Dr. Block has to deal with — and you have prime seats on the deck of the maiden voyage of the Titanic .
Yes , people like Hannity are conceited boors .
But Mr. Vance , trust me , he is an absolute nobody — a zero .
Hal Boedeker , the “ TV Guy ” writes that , when Hannity had Sarah Palin on the show , he had his second biggest ratings ever with 4.92 million viewers .
He also adds , “ In the 25 - to - 54 age group — the one most important to news advertisers — “ Hannity & Colmes ” ( had ) 1.39 million ”
In the 25 - to - 54 age group , Hannity only gets 1.39 million !?
That ’s so lame .
My FM radio show , on the dog station in Tokyo , gets 900,000 to 1 million listeners a day and we do n’t usually have any famous guests on .
We are radio ; Hannity is nationwide TV and when he has a very popular person as a guest he can only get 1.39 million viewers ?
What a joke !
Slap me when I stop laughing or when he does get a decent number .
Yeah , my show gets 1 million listeners a day …
You know what ?
Who cares ?
I am very rarely recognized in public ; and I like it that way …
I suspect that jerks like Hannity have some sort of psychological screw - up that makes them attention hounds .
Guys like him command attention 24/ 7 .
Can you imagine what it would be like to be married to a self - centered little brat like Hannity ?
I shudder the thought …
Nah , nah , nah !
I bet I have more groupies than Hannity does !
The joke gets even more absurd in China where polite , intelligent , humorous , humble guys like Rei Chingung host China ’s most prestigious business show .
Rei’s TV show has about a hundred times more viewers than Hannity .
Daily , Rei’s TV show has between 200 to 400 million viewers .
Yeah , but who cares about China or Japan , right ?
But back to my initial reason for writing this dirge : Mr. Vance , what ’s your problem ?
So what if these clowns want to “ take out ” the president of Iran ?
Let them .
This reminds me of the time I took former WBA Heavyweight Champion Tony “ TNT ” Tubbs .
I was walking along one early morning in Tokyo when I saw these two huge guys walking towards me .
I was near Tokyo Dome so I thought these were sumo guys .
As they got closer , I saw that they were foreigners .
Closer still , I recognized one of them as Tony Tubbs who was about to get clobbered by Mike Tyson in a few days .
I said to Tony , “ Hey ! Tony Tubbs !
You gonna make history against Tyson ? ”
“ I ’m gonna try , ” he answered .
I then asked Tony to give me his autograph , which he did .
Then he asked me where a health food store was .
“ A health food store open in Tokyo at 7:00 in the morning ?
Are you crazy ? ” I thought .
“ The only health food stores around here would probably be in the Ginza , ” I answered .
“ Alright .
How do I get there ? ” he mumbled .
And that ’s the story , Mr. Vance .
See ?
So what ’s your problem with “ taking people out ? ”
After all , that morning I “ took ” Tony “ TNT ” Tubbs …. to the train station .
So let ’s cheer Warren and Hannity as they “ take out ” the president of Iran .
Hopefully they can all have a nice romantic dinner together , maybe a movie ; and then after that , who knows ?
Maybe Hannity will get lucky .
( If you know what I mean .
Wink . )
The Best of Mike ( in Tokyo ) Rogers
The Bead Unbaffled
- Totton Heffelfinger & Gary Flom
Abacus is a Latin word meaning sand tray .
The word originates with the Arabic " abq " , which means dust or fine sand .
In Greek this would become abax or abakon which means table or tablet .
A BRIEF HISTORY
Early Counting Boards and Tablets
Probably , the first device was the counting board .
This appeared at various times in several places around the world .
The earliest counting boards consisted of a tray made of sun dried clay or wood .
A thin layer of sand would be spread evenly on the surface , and symbols would be drawn in the sand with a stick or ones finger .
To start anew , one would simply shake the tray or even out the sand by hand .
Eventually , the use of sand was abandoned .
Instead , pebbles were used , and placed in parallel grooves carved into stone counting boards .
The oldest surviving counting board is the Salamis tablet , used by the Babylonians circa 300 B.C.
It was discovered in 1846 on the island of Salamis .
It is made of white marble and is in the National Museum of Epigraphy , Athens .
Later counting boards were made of various other materials .
Besides the marble used by the Greeks , bronze was used by the Romans .
As part of their primary education , young boys in both Greece and Rome learned at least some arithmetic using an abax or abacus .
In fact , Plato suggested , " As much as is necessary for the purposes of war and household management and the work of government . "
At some point , the Romans added additional grooves between each decimal position .
So now , the grooves would signify 1s , 5s , 10s , 50s , 100s , 500s , 1000s , etc .
This corresponded to the Roman numerals I , V , X , L , C , D , M . The Latin term for pebble is calculus .
So , while calculus is considered higher mathematics , the term actually refers , literally , to the ancient counting boards and pebbles .
In the quest for an easily portable counting device , the Romans invented the hand abacus .
This consisted of a metal plate with metal beads that ran in slots .
The beads were held to the device by flanging on the back , but left loose enough to allow movement of the metal beads in the slots .
The Roman hand abacus on display in the London Science Museum would fit in a modern shirt pocket .
The bead arrangement is like the modern soroban ( see later discussion ) , in that it has one bead in the relatively short upper slots , and four beads in the longer lower slots .
There is a photograph of another Roman hand abacus at the Museo Nazionale Ramano at Piazzi delle Terme , Rome .
Some people believe that the Roman abacus , which pre-dates the Chinese suan - pan , was introduced into China early in the Christian era by trading merchants .
In the Middle ages , counting tables were quite common throughout Europe .
In France , the counting pebbles were called jetons inspiring this little rhyme .
Les courtisans sont des jetons
Leur valeur dépend de leur place
Dans la faveur , des millions
Et des zeros dans la disgrâce
Translation
The courtiers are the counters
Their worth depends on their place
In favor , they 're in the millions
And in the zeros when in disgrace
The Framed Bead Abacus
Some of the first records of a device with counters that were strung on parallel rods have been found among relics of the Mayan civilization .
The Aztec abacus , known as the nepohualtzitzin , dates back to the 10th century .
The counting beads were made of maize strung along parallel wires or strings within a frame of wood .
In addition , there was a bar across the frame that separated the counters into 3 above and 4 below the bar .
This was consistent with the vigesimal ( base 20 ) system thought to be used in ancient Aztec civilization as well as by the Basques in Europe .
Each of the 3 counters above the bar represented 5 .
And each of the 4 counters below the bar represented 1 .
So a total of 19 could be represented in each column .
During the 11th century , the Chinese abacus , or suan pan , was invented .
The suan pan is generally regarded as the earliest abacus with beads on rods .
The Mandarin term suan pan means calculating plate .
A suan pan has 2 beads above a middle divider called a beam ( a.k.a. reckoning bar ) and 5 beads below .
Use of the suan pan spread to Korea , and then to Japan during the latter part of the 15th century .
The Japanese termed the abacus a soroban .
Originally the soroban looked very much like its Chinese cousin having two beads above the reckoning bar and five beads below .
Around 1850 , it was modified to have only one bead above the reckoning bar while maintaining the five beads below .
It was further changed by removing one lower bead in 1930 .
This one bead above and four beads below ( 1/4 ) arrangement remains as the present day Japanese soroban construction .
In 1928 , soroban examinations were established by the Japanese Chamber of Commerce and Industry .
Over one million candidates had sat for the exams by 1959 .
The Russians devised their own abacus , and call it a schoty .
It was invented during the 17th century .
The schoty has ten beads per rod , and no reckoning bar .
Each bead counts as one unit .
Usually the fifth and sixth beads are of a contrasting color to aid in counting .
Many schoty have been found with various numbers of beads per column , including various numbers of beads per column on the same abacus .
Abaci are still in use today .
They have been invaluable for many visually impaired individuals , as teaching number placement value and calculations can be done by feel .
Merchants and bankers in various parts of the world still depend on an abacus for their day - to - day business .
And as recently as 25 years ago ( 1979 ) , the Chinese Abacus Association was founded .
They established a graded examination in 1984 , and started competitions in 1989 .
Areas without electricity , or inconsistent power , benefit from an abacus .
And as an arithmetic teaching tool , it has been of immense value .
In fact Forbes.com ranks the abacus as the second most important tool of all time .
Many parts of the world teach abacus use starting as early as pre-kindergarten .
It is felt by many that learning abacus strengthens the student 's sense of number placement value and helps to further a better overall understanding of numbers .
It 's also a lot of fun .
Doubtlessly the Westerner , with his belief in the powers of mental arithmetic and the modern calculating machine , often mistrusts the efficiency of such a primitive looking instrument .
However , his mistrust of the soroban is likely to be transformed into admiration when he gains some knowledge concerning it .
For the soroban , which can perform in a fraction of time a difficult arithmetic calculation that the Westerner could do laboriously only by means of pencil and paper , possesses distinct advantages over mental and written arithmetic .
In a competition in arithmetic problems , an ordinary Japanese tradesman with his soroban would easily outstrip a rapid and accurate Western accountant even with his adding machine .
- Takashi Kojima , from his book , The Japanese Abacus , it 's use and theory .
Tokyo : Charles E. Tuttle , 1954 Every parent wants what 's best for their children .
There 's no question that once the emphasis of the marketing of Soroban is moved from computation skills to the development of thinking skills , then it will be a no - brainer sell for parents .
- George Sato , Better@Math~Better@Thinking , New York City , 2007
ABACUS TECHNIQUES
The following techniques are Japanese and use a modern 1:4 bead Japanese soroban .
I love Japanese soroban and it is the style of abacus I most often use .
Collecting them has become a passion .
Many soroban are beautifully crafted and wonderful to look at ; especially the older ones .
Some of the soroban in my collection have been signed by the craftsmen who made them and I love the way they work and feel .
Some of them have been signed by their original owners .
Each has its own history .
However , for some people the soroban may not be the instrument of choice .
As already mentioned the Chinese have their own version of the abacus , a 2:5 bead suan pan .
There are those who prefer to use a Chinese instrument because it has a larger frame and larger beads allowing for larger fingers .
It really does n't matter which instrument you use .
The procedures are virtually the same for both and these methods are well suited to either instrument .
The Japanese Soroban
Fig.1
A soroban is made up of a frame with vertical rods on which beads move up and down .
Dividing the upper and lower portion of the soroban is a horizontal bar called a beam or reckoning bar .
The Beam
On a modern - day soroban one bead sits above the beam and four beads sit below .
The beads above the beam are often called heaven beads and each has a value of 5 .
The beads below are often called earth beads and each has a value of 1 .
Along the length of the beam , you 'll notice that every third rod is marked with a dot .
These specially marked rods are called unit rods because any one of them can be designated to carry the unit number .
While the soroban operator makes the final decision as to which rod will carry the unit number , it is common practice to choose a unit rod just to the right of center on the soroban .
The dots also serve as markers by which larger numbers can be quickly and efficiently recognized .
For example in Fig.1 ( above ) , rod I is the designated unit rod .
For example , when given a number such as 23,456,789 an operator can quickly identify rod B as the 10 millions rod and go ahead and set the first number 2 on that rod .
This ensures that all subsequent numbers will be set on their correct rods and that the unit number 9 will fall neatly on unit rod I .
Setting Numbers on a Soroban
Use only the thumb and index fingers to manipulate beads on a soroban .
The thumb moves the earth beads up toward the beam .
The index finger moves everything else ( all earth beads down away from the beam and all heaven beads up & down ) .
Earth beads up
( Fig.2 ) Earth beads down
( Fig.3 ) Heaven beads down
( Fig.4 ) Heaven beads up
( Fig.5 )
When setting numbers on the soroban the operator slides beads up or down so that beads touch the beam .
Bringing up one earth bead so that it touches the beam gives a rod a value of 1 .
Three earth beads touching the beam give that rod a value of 3 .
To make a value of 5 clear all the earth beads and move one heaven bead down so that it touches the beam .
Pinching together one heaven bead and two earth beads sets a value of 7 and so on .
In Fig.6 from left to right , the numbers on single rods show 1 , 3 , 5 , 7 & 9 .
Designating rod F as the unit rod , the soroban on the right shows the number 42,386 on rods B , C , D , E and F . ( Notice how the " 2 " in 42 thousand falls neatly on thousands rod C. )
Fig.6
Clearing a Soroban
Calculations normally begin with an empty or cleared soroban .
Place the soroban flat on the table , then tilt the frame toward you .
Gravity pulls all the beads down .
At this point only the earth beads have been cleared away from the beam .
Place the soroban back onto the table and hold it with the left hand .
Then , using the back of the right index finger , make a sweeping motion from left to right between the top of the beam and the bottom of the heaven beads ( Fig.7 ) .
This forces the heaven beads up away from the beam .
When none of the rods shows any value , this is what is known as a cleared frame .
Fig.7
Always Work from Left to Right
Fundamental to good soroban technique is the rule always work from left to right .
This may seem a little odd at first but it 's extremely important .
It 's one of the soroban 's biggest advantages .
It allows us to solve mathematical problems with great agility and speed , in part , because numbers are added and subtracted in exactly the same way we read and hear them .
To better understand this take the addition example 237 + 152 = 389 ( see below ) .
Working left to right set 237 onto the soroban .
Now solve the problem : add 1 to the hundreds rod , 5 to the tens rod and finish by adding 2 to the units rod leaving 389 .
It 's the same for subtraction .
This time take the example 187 - 125 = 62 ( see below ) .
Working left to right set 187 onto the soroban .
Solve the problem : subtract 1 from the hundreds rod , 2 from the tens rod and complete the problem by subtracting 5 from the units rod leaving 62 .
Simple addition & subtraction
When using a soroban to solve problems of addition and subtraction , the process can often be quite straightforward and easy to understand .
In each of the six examples below beads are either added or subtracted as needed .
Simple Addition
Simple Subtraction
But what happens when an operator is presented with a situation where rods do n't contain enough beads to complete addition or subtraction problems in a simple , straightforward manner ?
This is where the real fun begins .
In the next section we 'll see how the use of complementary numbers and a process of mechanization allows an operator to add or subtract sets of numbers with lightning speed .
COMPLEMENTARY NUMBERS
A Process of Thoughtlessness
In competent hands , a soroban is a very powerful and efficient calculating tool .
Much of its speed is attributed to the concept of mechanization .
The idea is to minimize mental work as much as possible and to perform the task of adding and subtracting beads mechanically , without thought or hesitation .
In a sense to develop a process of thoughtlessness .
With this in mind , one technique employed by the operator is the use of complementary numbers with respect to 5 and 10 .
In the case of 5 , the operator uses two groups of complementary numbers :
4 & 1 and 3 & 2 .
4 & 1 and 3 & 2 .
In the case of 10 , the operator uses five groups of complementary numbers :
9 & 1 , 8 & 2 , 7 & 3 , 6 & 4 , 5 & 5 .
With time and practice using complementary numbers becomes effortless and mechanical .
Once these techniques are learned , a good operator has little difficulty in keeping up with ( even surpassing ) someone doing the same addition and subtraction work on an electronic calculator .
The following examples illustrate how complementary numbers are used to help solve problems of addition and subtraction .
In all cases try not to think beforehand what the answer to a problem will be .
Learn these simple techniques and and you 'll be amazed at how quickly and easily correct answers materialize , even when problems contain large strings of numbers .
Addition
In addition , always subtract the complement .
Example 1 : Add 4 + 8 = 12
Set 4 on rod B .
Add 8 .
Because rod B does n't have 8 available , use the complementary number .
The complementary number for 8 with respect to 10 is 2 .
Therefore subtract the complementary 2 from 4 on rod B and carry 1 to tens rod A .
the complementary 2 from 4 on rod B and carry 1 to tens rod A .
The answer 12 remains .
( Fig.8 b )
4 + 8 = 12 becomes 4 - 2 + 10 = 12
Fig.8 b Similar exercises : 4+9 4+7 4+6 3+9 3+8 3+7 2+9 2+8 1+9 9+9 9+8 9+7 9+6 8+9 8+8 8+7 7+9
Example 2 : Add 6 + 7 = 13
Set 6 on rod B .
Add 7 .
Once again subtract the complement because rod B does n't have the required beads .
The complementary number for 7 with respect to 10 is 3 .
Therefore subtract the complementary 3 from 6 on rod B and carry 1 to tens rod A .
the complementary 3 from 6 on rod B and carry 1 to tens rod A .
This leaves the answer 13 . ( Fig.9 )
6 + 7 = 13 becomes 6 - 5 + 2 + 10 = 13
Fig.9 Similar exercises : 5+6 5+7 5+8 5+9 6+6 6+8 7+6 7+7 8+6
Subtraction
In subtraction , always add the complement .
Example 1 : Subtract 11 - 7 = 4
Set 11 on rods AB .
Subtract 7 .
Since rod B only carries a value of 1 use the complement .
Please note :
In subtraction the order of working the rods is different from that of addition .
The complementary number for 7 with respect to 10 is 3 .
Begin by subtracting 1 from the tens rod on A ,
then add the complementary 3 to rod B to equal 4 . ( Fig.10 )
11 - 7 = 4 becomes 11 - 10 + 3 = 4
Fig.10 b Similar exercises : 10 -6 10-7 10 -8 10-9 11-8 11-9 12-8 12-9 13-9 15-9 15-8 15-7 15-6 16-9 16-8 16-7 17-9
Example 2 : Subtract 13 - 6 = 7
Set 13 on rods AB .
Subtract 6 .
Use the complement again .
In this case , the complementary number for 6 with respect to 10 is 4 .
Begin by subtracting 1 from the tens rod on A ,
then add the complementary 4 to rod B to equal 7 . ( Fig.11 )
13 - 6 = 7 becomes 13 - 10 + 5 - 1 = 7
Fig.11 Similar exercises : 11-6 12-6 12-7 13-7 13-8 14-6 14-7 14-8 14-9
The Order of the Rod
This is where students new to soroban can make mistakes .
In each of the above examples the operation involves using two rods , a complementary number and a carry over from one rod to another .
Notice the order of operation .
For Addition
First subtract the complement from the rod on the right .
Then add a bead to the rod on the left .
For Subtraction
First subtract a bead from the rod on the left .
Then add the complement to the rod on the right .
This is the most efficient order of operation .
When attention is finished on one rod the operator moves on to the next .
There is no back and forth between rods .
This saves time .
COMBINING FINGER MOVEMENTS
From the beginning it 's important to start thinking about manipulating beads quickly and effectively .
With this in mind try to combine finger movements .
In the last century , long before electronic calculators became commonplace , a governing body know as the Abacus Committee of the Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry would regularly hold examinations ( 75.7 kb PDF File ) for individuals wishing to obtain a license to work as an abacus operator .
These examinations began at the tenth grade level ( the easiest ) and worked up to the first grade level ( most difficult ) .
Those individuals who passed first , second or third grade examinations qualified for employment in government or business concerns as abacus operators .
During the examinations contestants were given lists of problems .
The problems had to be solved within a given time frame .
Of course accuracy was very important .
But the best operators were also very fast , in part because they learned to combine finger movements wherever possible .
In some of the following examples I 've put two combinations together in one problem .
Any combination can always be used in conjunction with another or on its own .
The nice thing about combination moves is that they do n't really have to be committed to memory .
Logically they all make sense and , more often than not , it just seems natural to use them .
Here are a few examples illustrating how operators combine finger movements .
Example 1 : 8 + 7 = 15
When students first begin to think about combining finger movements , I think it 's this type that comes most naturally .
Using the thumb and index finger together , pinch the 5 bead and 3 earth beads onto rod C .
This sets a value of 8 .
( Two movements become one )
Combine finger movements .
In a twisting movement , simultaneously use the index finger to subtract 3 earth beads from rod C while using the thumb to add a 10 bead onto rod B. ( Two movements become one )
Step 1 Step 2
By combining finger movements in Steps 1 & 2 , the operator is able to complete the problem using only two finger movements instead of four .
Similar Exercises :
6+9 7+8 7+9 8+8 8+9 9+6 9+7 9+8 9+9
Example 2 : 15 + 8 = 23
Simultaneously use the thumb and index finger together .
In a twisting movement set the 5 bead on rod C and a 10 bead on rod B .
This sets a value of 15 .
( Two movements become one )
Once again combine the finger movements .
Simultaneously use the thumb and index finger .
In one movement add 3 beads with the thumb and subtract 5 with the index finger on rod C. ( Two movements become one )
Use the thumb to move up the 10 bead on rod B. ( One movement )
Step 1 Step 2 Step 3
By combining finger movements in Steps 1 & 2 , the operator is able to complete the problem using only three finger movements instead of five .
Similar Exercises :
15+6 15+7 15+9 6+6 6+7 6+8 7+6 7+7 8+6
Example 3 : 9 + 3 = 12
Using the thumb and index finger together , pinch the 5 bead and 4 earth beads onto rod C .
This sets a value of 9 .
( Two movements become one )
Use the index finger to clear 2 beads from rod C. ( One movement )
Combine the finger movements .
Simultaneously use the index finger to subtract 5 from rod C while using the thumb to add a 10 bead on rod B .
( Two movement become one )
Step 1 Step 2 Step 3
By combining finger movements in Steps 1 & 3 , the operator is able to complete the problem using only three finger movements instead of five .
Similar Exercises
6+4 7+3 7+4 8+2 8+3 8+4 9+1 9+2 9+4
Example 4 : 14 - 9 = 5
Use the thumb for both movements .
Set a 10 bead on rod B and 4 earth beads on rod C. ( Two movements )
Use the index finger to subtract the 10 bead from rod B. ( One movement )
Combine the finger movements .
In one fluid motion use the index finger to add the 5 bead to rod C and clear the 4 earth beads below .
( Two movements become one )
Step 1 Step 2 Step 3
Using this combination in Step 3 , the operator is able to complete the problem using only four finger movements instead of five .
Similar Exercises
11-6 12-6 12-7 13-6 13-7 13-8 14-6 14-7 14-8
Example 5 : 11 - 7 = 4 ( This is a combination I 've not seen illustrated .
Even so , it 's one I like to use . )
Use the thumb for both movements .
Set a 10 bead on rod B and 1 earth bead on rod C. ( Two movements )
Combine the finger movements .
Simultaneously use the index finger to subtract a 10 bead on rod B while using the thumb to add 3 earth beads onto rod C. ( Two movements become one )
Step 1 Step 2
Using this combination in Step 2 , the operator is able to complete the problem using only three finger movements instead of four .
Similar Exercises
10 - 6 10-7 10-8 10-9 11-8 11-9 12-8 12-9 13-9
Simplifying the Process of Mechanization
This is another look at the process of mechanization .
Many operators find that this method helps to simplify adding and subtracting numbers onto a soroban .
For those new to abacus work , this chapter may be better studied at a later time .
Simple , Fast and Efficient
In part a soroban is a recording device that helps keep track of place value .
Consequently the process of adding and subtracting numbers is greatly simplified because , at most , only two rods will ever come into play at any given time .
This is another of the soroban 's greatest strengths .
For example , when given an addition problem that involves adding a number such as seven hundred forty two thousand , six hundred and fifty - three , the soroban allows us to break the problem down into six manageable , easy to remember segments .
Each segment is then solved on a rod by rod basis .
It 's that simple .
Seven , four , two , six , five , three are quickly added to their respective rods .
This , in conjunction with working left to right , makes solving problems extremely fast and very efficient .
Of the four principal arithmetic disciplines most commonly done on the soroban ; addition , subtraction , multiplication and division , it is really addition and subtraction that are the most important .
They form the foundation for all soroban work .
ADDITION
Example : 135 + 321 = 456
Step 1 : With rod H acting as the unit rod , set 135 on rods FGH .
( Fig.12 )
Fig.12 Step 1 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 0 0 1 3 5 0
Step 2 : Add 3 to hundreds rod F .
Step 3 : Add 2 to tens rod G .
Step 4 and the answer : Add 1 to units rod H leaving the answer 456 on rods FGH .
( Fig.13 )
Fig.13 Step 2 A B C D E F G H I . . . 0 0 0 0 0 1 3 5 0 + 3 Step 2 0 0 0 0 0 4 3 5 0 + 2 Step 3 0 0 0 0 0 4 5 5 0 + 1 Step 4 0 0 0 0 0 4 5 6 0
The above is pretty straightforward .
This next example gets a little tricky .
When using the complementary numbers there are several ' carry - overs ' from right to left .
Example : 456 + 567 = 1,023
Step 1 : Set 456 on rods FGH using H as the unit . ( Fig.14 )
Fig.14 Step 1 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 0 0 4 5 6 0
Step 2 : Add 5 to hundreds rod F leaving 956 on rods FGH .
( Fig.15 )
Fig.15 Step 2 A B C D E F G H I . . . 0 0 0 0 0 4 5 6 0 + 5 Step 2 0 0 0 0 0 9 5 6 0
Step 3 : Add 6 to tens rod G. Use complimentary numbers .
Subtract the complementary 4 , then ....
3a : Carry 1 to hundreds rod F .
No beads .
Subtract the complementary 9 , then ....
3b : Carry 1 over to thousands rod E leaving 1016 on rods EFGH .
( Fig.16 )
Fig.16
Using complementary numbers , the process of adding 6 to rod G becomes : Step 3 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 0 0 9 5 6 0 - 4 Step 3 0 0 0 0 0 9 1 6 0 - 9 Step 3a 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 6 0 + 1 Step 3 b 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 6 0
4a and the answer : Carry 1 to tens rod G .
This leaves the answer 1023 on rods EFGH .
( Fig. 17 )
Fig.17
Using complementary numbers , the process of adding 7 to rod H becomes : Step 4 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 0 1 0 1 6 0 - 3 Step 4 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 3 0 + 1 Step 4a 0 0 0 0 1 0 2 3 0
It is important to emphasize at this point that one should not fall into old habits .
Many people will know that in this last step , for example , when adding 7 + 1016 the answer will be 1023 .
It does n't take much skill to know this .
Nevertheless , the idea here is to keep mental work to a minimum .
Work using complementary numbers and allow the soroban to do its job .
This is what makes the soroban such a powerful tool .
Further Examples :
Addition
SUBTRACTION
Example : 4321 - 3456 = 865
Step 1 : Set 4321 on rods EFGH with rod H acting as the unit .
Fig.18 Step 1 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 0 4 3 2 1 0
Step 2 : Subtract 3 from thousands rod E leaving 1321 on rods EFGH .
( Fig.19 )
Fig.19 Step 2 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 0 4 3 2 1 0 - 3 Step 2 0 0 0 0 1 3 2 1 0
Step 3 : Subtract 4 from hundreds rods F . Use the complement .
Subtract 1 from thousands rod E , then ....
3a : Add the complement 6 to rod F leaving 921 on rods FGH .
( Fig.20 )
Fig.20 Step 3 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 0 1 3 2 1 0 - 1 Step 3 0 0 0 0 0 3 2 1 0 + 6 Step 3a 0 0 0 0 0 9 2 1 0
Step 4 : Subtract 5 from tens rod G. Use complimentary numbers .
Subtract 1 from hundreds rod F , then ....
4a : Add the complement 5 to rod G leaving 871 on rods FGH .
( Fig.21 )
Fig.21 Step 4 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 0 0 9 2 1 0 - 1 Step 4 0 0 0 0 0 8 2 1 0 + 5 Step 4a 0 0 0 0 0 8 7 1 0
Step 5 : Subtract 6 from units rod H. Use the complement .
Subtract 1 from tens rod G , then ....
5a and the answer :
Add the complement 4 to rod H leaving the answer 865 on rods FGH .
( Fig.22 )
Fig.22 Step 5 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 0 0 8 7 1 0 - 1 Step 5 0 0 0 0 0 8 6 1 0 + 4 Step 5a 0 0 0 0 0 8 6 5 0
Further Examples :
Subtraction
MULTIPLICATION
While there are other techniques used to solve problems of multiplication on the soroban , the method described here is the one most commonly suggested by the Abacus Committee .
In order to solve problems of multiplication using this technique one must know the multiplication tables up to 9 x 9 = 81 .
In the following examples I will use standard terminology .
For example in the problem 6 x 3 = 18 , 6 is the multiplicand , 3 is the multiplier and 18 is the product .
When setting up problems of multiplication on the soroban it is customary to set the multiplicand in the central part of the soroban with the multiplier set to the left leaving two empty rods in between .
Always add the product immediately to the right of the multiplicand .
In the case of a multiplicand consisting of two or more numbers : when the operator is finished using the first part of the multiplicand that number is then cleared from the soroban and the operation continues using the next part of the multiplicand .
( See the examples below for clarification . )
Many soroban experts do not even bother to set the multiplier onto the soroban at all .
Instead , they prefer to save a little time and set only the multiplicand .
Predetermine the Unit Rod
For problems where multipliers and multiplicands begin with whole numbers :
In order to get the unit number of a product to fall neatly on a predetermined unit rod , place your finger on the chosen rod .
Move your finger to the left counting off one rod for every digit in the multiplier plus one for every digit in the multiplicand .
Set the first number in the multiplicand on that rod .
For more detailed instructions on predetermining the unit rod see :
Unit Rod
Example : 34 x 7 = 238
In this example choose rod H to be the unit rod .
There is one number in the multiplier and two in the multiplicand .
Count off three rods to the left ending up at rod E .
Set the up the problem so that first number in the multiplicand falls on rod E .
Now the unit number in the product will fall neatly on rod H .
Step 1 : Set the multiplicand 34 on rods EF and the multiplier 7 on B. ( Fig.23 )
Fig.23 Step 1 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 7 0 0 3 4 0 0 0
Step 2 : Multiply the 4 on F by 7 on B .
Add the product 28 immediately to the right of the multiplicand on rods GH .
2a : Having finished with this part of the multiplicand ( the 4 on F ) clear it from the soroban .
This leaves 3 on rod E and the partial product 28 on rods GH . ( Fig.24 )
Fig.24 Step 2 A B C D E F G H I . . . 0 7 0 0 3 4 0 0 0 + 2 8 Step 2 0 7 0 0 3 4 2 8 0 clear ( - 4 ) Step 2a 0 7 0 0 3 0 2 8 0
Step 3 : Multiply the 3 on E by 7 on B .
Add the product 21 immediately to the right of the multiplicand on rods FG .
3a and the answer : Clear the 3 on E from the soroban leaving the answer 238 on rods FGH .
( Fig.25 )
Fig.25 Step 3 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 7 0 0 3 0 2 8 0 + 2 1 Step 3 0 7 0 0 3 2 3 8 0 clear ( - 3 ) Step 3a 0 7 0 0 0 2 3 8 0
It is a good idea to think of a product as having of at least two digits .
For example 3 x 4 = 12 and 3 x 1 = 03 .
It helps in placing products on their correct rods .
Example : 2.3 x 17 = 39.1
In this example the multiplier has two whole numbers and the multiplicand has one for a total of three whole numbers .
Choose rod I as the unit and count off three rods to the left .
Set the fist number in the multiplicand on rod F .
Step 1 : Set the multiplicand 23 on rods FG .
Set the multiplier 17 on BC . ( Fig.26 )
Fig.26 Step 1 A B C D E F G H I J K . . .
0 1 7 0 0 2 3 0 0 0 0
Step 2 : Multiply the 3 on G by 1 on B .
Add the product 03 on rods HI .
2a : Next , multiply the 3 on G by 7 on C and add the product 21 on rods IJ .
2b : Clear the 3 on G .
This leaves 2 on F and the partial product 51 on rods IJ . ( Fig.27 )
Fig.27 Step 2 A B C D E F G H I J K . . .
0 1 7 0 0 2 3 0 0 0 0 + 0 3 Step 2 0 1 7 0 0 2 3 0 3 0 0 + 2 1 Step 2a 0 1 7 0 0 2 3 0 5 1 0 clear ( - 3 ) Step 2 b 0 1 7 0 0 2 0 0 5 1 0
Step 3 : Multiply the 2 on F by 1 on B and add the product 02 on rods GH .
3a : Next , multiply the 2 on F by 7 on C and add the product 14 on rods HI .
3 b and the answer : Clear the 2 on F leaving the answer 39.1 on rods HIJ .
Notice how the unit number in the product has fallen on unit rod I and the first decimal number on rod J. ( Fig.28 )
Fig.28 Step 3 A B C D E F G H I J K . . .
0 1 7 0 0 2 0 0 5 1 0 + 0 2 Step 3 0 1 7 0 0 2 0 2 5 1 0 + 1 4 Step 3a 0 1 7 0 0 2 0 3 9 1 0 clear ( - 2 ) Step 3 b 0 1 7 0 0 0 0 3 9 1 0
This standard technique for solving problems of multiplication is very powerful in part because it creates patterns that are easy to follow .
For more on this see Patterns .
Further Examples :
Multiplication
DIVISION
As is the case with multiplication , there are different techniques that can be used to solve problems of division on the soroban .
Although the method described below is often referred to as the ' modern method ' it 's not really all that new .
It had been in use in Japan for many years before becoming widely popular around 1930 after improvements to the technique were made .
This is the way division is most often done today .
In the following examples I will use standard terminology .
For example in the problem 6 ÷ 3 = 2 , 6 is the dividend , 3 is the divisor and 2 is the quotient .
When setting up problems of division on the soroban , the dividend is set on the right and the divisor is set on the left .
The Abacus Committee suggests leaving 4 unused rods in between the two numbers .
It 's on these unused rods where the quotient answer is formed .
Often soroban experts do not bother to set the divisor .
Instead , they prefer to save a little time and set only the dividend .
Division is done by dividing one number in the divisor into one or possibly two numbers of the dividend at a time .
The operator multiplies after each division step and subtracts the product .
The next part of the dividend is then tacked onto the remainder and the process continues .
It is much like doing it with a pencil and paper .
Division Revision
Easy Division Revision :
In the event that the quotient is too high or too low , it is the ease with which the operator can revise an answer that makes the soroban such a powerful tool .
Doing division work on a soroban allows the operator to make an estimate as to what a quotient might be , go a head and do the work then quickly make an adjustment if need be .
( See the Division Revision section below . )
Rules for Placing the First Quotient Number
Rule I )
Where the digits in a divisor are less than ( or equal to ) the corresponding digits of the dividend , begin by placing the quotient two rods to the left of the dividend .
In Fig.29 , the divisor 4 is smaller than the dividend 8 .
The quotient begins two rods to the left of the dividend .
two rods to the left .
( Fig.29 ) one rod to the left .
( Fig.30 )
Rule II )
Where the digits in the divisor are greater than the corresponding digits of the dividend , begin by placing the first number in the quotient one rod to the left of the dividend .
In Fig.30 the divisor 4 is larger than the dividend 2 .
The quotient begins one rod to the left of the dividend .
Predetermine the Unit Rod
For problems where divisors and dividends begin with whole numbers :
The process of predetermining the unit rod is very much the same as it is for multiplication in that it involves counting digits and rods .
However , it is slightly different and a little more involved .
In division , the operator chooses a unit rod and then counts left the number of digits in the dividend .
From that point , the operator counts back again to the right the number of digits plus two in the divisor .
The first number in the dividend is set on that rod .
For more detailed instructions on predetermining the unit rod see :
Unit Rod
Example : 951 ÷ 3 = 317
In this example , the dividend has three whole numbers .
Choose rod F as the unit and count three rods to the left .
The divisor has one whole number so count one plus two back to the right .
Set the first number of the dividend on rod F .
Step 1 : Set the dividend 951 on rods FGH and the divisor 3 on A. ( Fig.31 )
Fig.31 Step 1 A B C D E F G H I J K . . .
3 0 0 0 0 9 5 1 0 0 0
Step 2 : The divisor ( 3 on A ) is smaller than the dividend ( 9 on F ) .
Therefore apply " Rule I " and set the first number in the quotient two rods to the left on D. Divide 3 on A into 9 on F and set the quotient 3 on rod D .
2a : Multiply the quotient 3 by 3 on A and subtract the product 9 from rod F .
This leaves the partial quotient 3 on D and the remainder of the dividend 51 on rods GH .
( Fig. 32 )
Fig.32 Step 2 A B C D E F G H I J K . . . 3 0 0 0 0 9 5 1 0 0 0 ( 3 ) Step 2 - 9 Step 2a 3 0 0 3 0 0 5 1 0 0 0
Step 3 : Divide 3 on A into 5 on G .
Once again the divisor is smaller than the dividend so follow " Rule1 " .
Set the quotient 1 on rod E .
3a : Multiply the quotient 1 by 3 on A and subtract the product 3 from 5 on rod G .
This leaves the partial quotient 31 on DE and the remainder of the dividend 21 on rods GH . ( Fig.33 )
Fig.33 Step 3 A B C D E F G H I J K . . . 3 0 0 3 0 0 5 1 0 0 0 ( 1 ) Step 3 - 3 Step 3a 3 0 0 3 1 0 2 1 0 0 0
Step 4 : Divide 3 on A into 21 on GH and set the quotient 7 on rod F .
4a and the answer : Multiply the quotient 7 by 3 on A and subtract the product 21 from rods GH leaving the answer 317 on rods DEF .
( Fig.34 )
Fig.34 Step 4 A B C D E F G H I J K . . . 3 0 0 3 1 0 2 1 0 0 0 ( 7 ) Step 4 - 2 1 Step 4a 3 0 0 3 1 7 0 0 0 0 0
Example : 356 ÷ 25 = 14.24
In this example , the dividend has three whole numbers .
Choose F as the unit rod and count three to the left .
The divisor has two whole numbers so count two plus two back to the right .
Set the first number of the dividend on rod G .
Step 1 : Set the dividend 356 on GHI and the divisor 25 on rods AB . ( Fig.35 )
Fig.35 Step 1 A B C D E F G H I J K . . . 2 5 0 0 0 0 3 5 6 0 0
Step 2 : Because the first two digits in the divisor are smaller than those of the dividend apply " Rule I " and begin placing the quotient two rods to the left on rod E. Divide 2 on rod A into the 3 on G and set the quotient 1 on rod E .
2a : Multiply the quotient 1 by 2 on A and subtract the product 2 from 3 on rod G .
2b : Multiply the quotient 1 by 5 on B and subtract the product 5 from 15 on rods GH .
This leaves the partial quotient 1 on rod E and the remainder of the dividend 106 on rods GHI .
( Fig.36 )
Fig.36 Step 2 A B C D E F G H I J K . . . 2 5 0 0 0 0 3 5 6 0 0 ( 1 ) Step 2 - 2 Step 2a 2 5 0 0 1 0 1 5 6 0 0 - 5 Step 2 b 2 5 0 0 1 0 1 0 6 0 0
Step 3 : Divide 2 on A into 10 on GH .
At first glance , it looks like the answer should be 5 .
However , in order to continue working the problem there must be a remainder .
Instead , use the quotient 4 .
Set 4 on rod F .
3a : Multiply the quotient 4 by 2 on A and subtract the product 8 from 10 on rods GH .
3b : Multiply the quotient 4 by 5 on B and subtract the product 20 from rods HI .
This leaves the partial quotient 14 on rods EF and the remainder 6 on rod I . ( Fig.37 )
Fig.37 Step 3 A B C D E F G H I J K . . . 2 5 0 0 1 0 1 0 6 0 0 ( 4 ) Step 3 - 8 Step 3a 2 5 0 0 1 4 0 2 6 0 0 - 2 0 Step 3 b 2 5 0 0 1 4 0 0 6 0 0
In order to continue , borrow a zero from rod J .
This yields 60 on rods IJ and creates the first decimal number in the quotient .
Step 4 : Divide 2 on A into 6 on rod I .
It looks like the answer should be 3 .
But once again , there must be enough of a remainder to continue working the problem .
Instead , use the quotient 2 . Follow " Rule 1 " and set 2 on rod G .
4a : Multiply the quotient 2 by 2 on A and subtract the product 4 from 6 on rod I .
4b : Multiply the quotient 2 by 5 on B and subtract the product 10 from rods IJ .
This leaves the partial quotient 14.2 on rods EFG and the remainder of the dividend 10 on rods IJ . ( Fig.38 )
Fig.38 Step 4 A B C D E F G H I J K . . . 2 5 0 0 1 4 0 0 6 0 0 ( 2 ) Step 4 - 4 Step 4a 2 5 0 0 1 4 2 0 2 0 0 - 1 0 Step 4 b 2 5 0 0 1 4 2 0 1 0 0
Once again borrow a zero , this time from rod K .
This yields 100 on rods IJK .
Step 5 : Divide 2 on A into 10 on rods IJ .
Again make sure there is enough of a remainder to continue working .
Choose the quotient 4 . Set 4 on rod H .
5a : Multiply the quotient 4 by 2 on A and subtract the product 8 from 10 on rods IJ .
5 b and the answer : Multiply the quotient 4 by 5 on B and subtract the product 20 from rods JK leaving 1424 on rods EFGH .
Because rod F is the designated unit rod the answer reads 14.24 . ( Fig.39 )
Fig.39 Step 5 A B C D E F G H I J K . . . 2 5 0 0 1 4 2 0 1 0 0 ( 4 ) Step 5 - 8 Step 5a 2 5 0 0 1 4 2 4 0 2 0 - 2 0 Step 5 b 2 5 0 0 1 4 2 4 0 0 0
Further Examples :
Division
DIVISION REVISION
In problems of division , coming to the correct answer can sometimes involve a little trial and error .
The division problem shown below is a case in point .
In this type of problem making a judgment as to what the exact quotient will be can be difficult .
Estimation is often the best course of action .
It 's the ease with which an operator can revise an incorrect answer that makes the soroban such a superior tool for solving problems of division .
Example : 0.14 ÷ 1.6 = 0.0875
Choose D as the unit rod .
In this example , because there are no whole numbers in the dividend there is no need to count to the left .
The divisor has one whole number .
Starting on rod D , count one plus two to the right .
Set the first number of the dividend on rod G .
Step 1 : Set the dividend 14 on rods GH and divisor 16 on rods AB . ( Fig.40 )
Fig.40 Step 1 A B C D E F G H I J K . . . .
1 6 0 0 0 0 1 4 0 0 0
Step 2 : In this problem , the first two digits in the divisor are larger than those of the dividend .
Apply " Rule II " .
Set the first number in the quotient one rod to the left of the dividend , in this case on rod F .
Think of the problem as dividing 16 on AB into 140 on GHI .
Now estimate the quotient .
It seems reasonable to estimate a quotient of 7 .
Set 7 next to the dividend on rod F .
2a : Multiply the quotient 7 by 1 on A and subtract the product 7 from 14 on rods GH .
2b : Multiply the quotient 7 by 6 on B and subtract the product 42 from rods HI .
With 28 remaining on rods HI , the estimated quotient of 7 was too small .
2c & 2d : Revise both the quotient and the dividend .
Add 1 to the quotient on rod F to make it 8 .
Subtract a further 16 from rods HI .
This leaves the partial quotient 0.08 on CDEF and the remainder 12 on HI .
( Fig.41 )
Fig.41 Step 2 A B C D E F G H I J K . . . . 1 6 0 0 0 0 1 4 0 0 0 ( 7 ) Step 2 - 7 Step 2a 1 6 0 0 0 7 0 7 0 0 0 - 4 2 Step 2 b 1 6 0 0 0 7 0 2 8 0 0 plus 1 Revise ( 2c ) - 1 6 Revise ( 2d ) 1 6 0 0 0 8 0 1 2 0 0
3a : Multiply the quotient 8 by 1 on A and subtract the product 8 from 12 on rods HI .
3b : Multiply the quotient 8 by 6 on B and subtract the product 48 from rods IJ .
In order to continue there must be at least 48 on rods IJ .
There 's only 40 .
The estimated quotient of 8 was too large .
3c & 3d : Revise both the quotient and the dividend .
Subtract 1 from 8 on G. Add 1 to 4 on rod I .
3e & 3f : Continue with the problem but this time use the revised quotient of 7 .
Multiply 7 on G by 6 on B and subtract 42 from rods IJ .
This leaves the partial quotient 0.087 on rods CDEFG and the remainder , 8 , on rod J. ( Fig.42 )
Fig.42 Step 3 A B C D E F G H I J K . . . . 1 6 0 0 0 8 0 1 2 0 0 ( 8 ) Step 3 - 8 Step 3a 1 6 0 0 0 8 8 0 4 0 0 - ? ? Step 3 b minus 1 Revise ( 3c ) + 1 Revise ( 3d ) 1 6 0 0 0 8 7 0 5 0 0 ( 7 ) Step 3e - 4 2 Step 3 f 1 6 0 0 0 8 7 0 0 8 0
4a : Multiply the quotient 5 by 1 on A and subtract the product 5 from 8 on rod J .
4b and the answer : Multiply the quotient 5 by 6 on B and subtract the product 30 from rods JK leaving 875 on rods FGH .
With rod D acting as the unit , the answer reads 0.0875 on rods CDEFGH . ( Fig.43 )
Fig.43 Step 4 A B C D E F G H I J K . . . . 1 6 0 0 0 8 7 0 0 8 0 ( 5 ) Step 4 - 5 Step 4a 1 6 0 0 0 8 7 5 0 3 0 - 3 0 Step 4 b 1 6 0 0 0 8 7 5 0 0 0
Further Examples :
Revision
NEGATIVE NUMBERS FROM SUBTRACTION
In the following examples , negative numbers are a result of subtracting a larger number from a smaller one .
Because a negative sign can not be placed on the soroban , the operation of subtracting larger numbers from smaller ones is performed on the soroban by means of complementary numbers .
Complementary Numbers at a Glance
In order to see negative numbers on a soroban , it is necessary to be able to recognize complementary numbers quickly .
From left to right the rods below show the values 3 , 42 and 286 .
Fig. 44 Fig. 45 Fig.46
Notice the grey beads .
They form the basis for the complementary number .
In order to find the true complementary number for each of the above add plus 1 to the total value of grey beads .
In Fig. 44 , the grey beads add up to 6 .
Plus 1 equals 7 , the complement of 3 with respect to 10 .
In Fig.45 , the grey beads add up to 57 .
Plus 1 equals 58 , the complement of 42 with respect to 100 .
In Fig.46 , the grey beads add up to 713 .
Plus 1 equals 714 , the complement of 286 with respect to 1,000 .
Rule i)
Always add plus 1 to the last value of the complementary number to find the true complement .
PROBLEM : After making purchases totaling $ 86.32 a customer gives a shopkeeper $ 100.00 .
What is the amount of change due back to the customer ?
Fig.47 SOLUTION : After placing the total $ 86.32 onto the soroban the shopkeeper reads the complementary number .
The grey beads total $ 13.67 .
Plus 1 equals $ 13.68 which is the amount of change owed to the customer .
( Fig.47 )
Subtraction and the Negative Answer
Example : 13 - 78 = - 65
Step 1 : Set 13 on rods DE with E acting as the unit rod .
( Fig.48 )
Fig.48 Step 1 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 1 3 0 0 0 0
Step 2 : Subtract 78 from 13 .
As it stands this is not possible and this tells us we are going to have a negative result .
On a soroban the way to solve this problem is to borrow .
To give us something to borrow set 1 on hundreds column C . This leaves 113 on rods CDE .
( Fig.49 )
Fig.49 Step 2 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 1 3 0 0 0 0 + ( 1 ) Step 2 , borrow 100 0 0 1 1 3 0 0 0 0
Except for practice purposes it is not really necessary to set the 1 on rod C as shown in Fig.49 .
It is enough to do it mentally .
Step 3 and the answer : With 113 on CDE there is enough to borrow and complete the operation .
Subtract 78 from 113 leaving 35 on DE .
The negative answer appears in the form of a complementary number as seen on the grey beads .
Add plus 1 to the complementary number and the final answer is - 65 .
( Fig.50 )
Fig.50 Step 3 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 1 1 3 0 0 0 0 - 7 8 Step 3 0 0 0 3 5 0 0 0 0
Rule ii )
If the number being subtracted is too large , borrow from the rods on the left and continue the operation as if doing a normal subtraction problem .
Rule iii ) Reading the complementary result yields the negative answer .
Example : Add 182 to the result in the above equation .
[ - 65 + 182 = 117 ]
step 1 : The process of adding 182 to negative 65 is very easy .
Simply add 182 to the 35 already set on rods DE .
This equals 217 . 1a and the answer : Subtract the 100 borrowed in Step 2 of the previous example ( see above ) .
This leaves the answer 117 on rods CDE , which is the answer .
step 1 A B C D E F G H I . . . 0 0 0 3 5 0 0 0 0 + 1 8 2 Step 1 0 0 2 1 7 0 0 0 0 - ( 1 ) Step 1a , subtract 100 0 0 1 1 7 0 0 0 0
Rule iv )
Give back the amount borrowed if subsequent operations yield a positive answer .
Example : 19 - 72 - 7846 = - 7,899
Step 1 : Set 19 on DE with E acting as the unit . ( Fig.51 )
Fig.51 Step 1 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 1 9 0 0 0 0
Step 2 : In order to subtract 72 from 19 borrow 1 from the hundreds column on rod C leaving 119 on CDE
2a : Subtract 72 from 119 leaving 47 on rods DE .
Interim , this leaves the complementary number 53 on rods DE . ( Fig.52 )
Fig.52 Step 2 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 0 0 1 9 0 0 0 0 + ( 1 ) Step 2 , borrow 100 0 0 1 1 9 0 0 0 0 - 7 2 Step 2a 0 0 0 4 7 0 0 0 0
In Step 2 ( see above ) , the operation required borrowing 100 from rod D .
In this next step it will be necessary to borrow again but borrowing a further 10,000 would bring the total to 10100 .
That would be wrong .
Instead , borrow a further 9900 bringing the total amount borrowed to 10,000 .
Step 3 : In order to subtract 7846 from 47 on rods DE borrow 9900 .
This leaves 9947 on rods BCDE .
( Fig.53 )
Fig.53 Step 3 A B C D E F G H I . . . 0 0 0 4 7 0 0 0 0 +( 9 9 ) Step 3 , borrow 9900 0 9 9 4 7 0 0 0 0
Rule v)
If the operation requires borrowing again , only borrow 9s from adjacent rods .
Remember that all complementary numbers on the soroban result from powers of 10 .
( 10 , 100 , 1000 and so on . )
Step 4 and the answer : Subtract 7846 from 9947 leaving 2101 on rods BCDE .
Once again , the negative answer appears in the form of a complementary number .
Add plus 1 to the complementary number and the answer is - 7899 . ( Fig.54 )
Fig.54 Step 4 A B C D E F G H I . . . 0 9 9 4 7 0 0 0 0 - 7 8 4 6 Step 4 0 2 1 0 1 0 0 0 0
Example : Subtract a further 31 from the result in the above equation .
[- 7899 - 31 = - 7930 ]
Step 1 and the answer : Subtract 31 from 2101 leaving 2070 on rods BCDE .
The complementary number shows 7920 .
Because rod E does not have a value add plus 1 to the complement on rod D instead .
This leaves the complementary answer - 7930 .
( Fig.55 )
Fig.55
Step 1 A B C D E F G H I . . .
0 2 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 - 3 1 Step 1 0 2 0 7 0 0 0 0 0
Rule vi )
When adding plus 1 to the last digit of the complementary number add only to the last rod that has a value .
A small tutorial on how to multiply Negative numbers :
Multiplying Negative numbers
CARING FOR YOUR ABACUS
In some cases , when you first use your abacus , it may be apparent that the frame is somewhat warped .
By pressing down on each of the corners individually ( when the abacus is lying in working position on a flat surface ) you may determine that a corner , or its diagonally opposite corner , needs to be built up .
An effective method to do this is by gluing small cut out " L " shaped pieces from a 3 x 5 card on the back of the frame at a needed corner .
You can " titrate " this by gluing these one at a time on top of each other to the needed correction , checking for wobble after each piece is affixed .
( Here 's how I fixed one of the soroban I own .
- TPH )
If you find that your abacus wants to slide on your table , putting a small stick on rubber foot on the underside of the frame at each corner is helpful .
These are the same feet that are used under a table lamp to keep it from sliding .
Use the small , approximately 1 cm , stick on rubber feet .
To clean the beads , rods , and frame , use a soft lint free rag dampened with a mild soap solution .
To keep the beads moving freely , the rods must be kept clean .
If the rods are bamboo or rattan , treat occasionally with furniture polish .
A good way to apply it , is by spraying the polish on a rag , then wiping the rods with it .
Then buff with a soft dry rag .
With regular use of the abacus and occasional polish of the rods , the bead movement will become quite silky .
If the rods are metal , then you may first have to remove some surface changes .
This can be done with gentle scraping using the tip of a sharp blade .
To obtain a smooth bead action on the rod , you can apply a thin coating of a teflon based lubricant , wiping the excess with a dry cloth .
You can also treat the frame and beads with furniture polish after cleaning them .
It is a good idea to do this prior to storing an abacus if it will not be used for awhile .
And whenever the wood seems dry or loses its luster .
To minimize dust accumulation , store them standing on end in a covered or enclosed area .
Keep them in a low humidity and temperature controlled environment .
Basically , treat them like your slide rules and other collectibles .
ABACUS DIVERSIONS
These are a couple of exercises that are easy to remember .
" Crazy Eights "
Add 98765432 , nine times , to get 888888888 .
" Repeated Number Sums "
Add 123456789 , nine times , to get 1111111101 .
Then , add 123456789 nine more times to 1111111101 and obtain 2222222202 .
Adding 123456789 nine more times to that result will yield 3333333303 , and so on .
The general formula for the above is :
123456789 times ( 9 times n ) = nnnnnnnn0n .
You can also subtract 123456789 nine times from one of these " repeated number " sums to get back to the prior " repeated number " sum .
" Fibonacci Numbers "
1 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 13 , 21 , 34 , 55 , etc .
General recursion formula :
F( n ) + F( n+1 ) = F( n+2 )
F( 1 ) = 1 , F ( 2 ) = 1
Choose a rod towards the left and set 1 .
( call this " L# " ) .
Choose a rod towards the right and set 1 .
( call this " R# " ) .
Add R# to L# .
Abacus reads :
2 on left
1 on right
2 on left 1 on right Add L# to R# .
Abacus reads :
2 on left
3 on right
2 on left 3 on right Add R# to L# .
Abacus reads :
5 on left
3 on right
5 on left 3 on right Add L# to R# .
Abacus reads :
5 on left
8 on right
And so on ....
Can also work these in reverse , by back and forth subtraction , to get back to 1s .
References
GENERAL ABACUS HISTORY AND INFORMATION
Books
Pullan , J.M .
The History of the Abacus
London : Books That Matter , 1968 .
pgs. 21 , 25 & 30 .
Moon , Parry .
The Abacus : Its history ; its design ; its possibilities in the modern world
New York : Gordon and Breach Science , 1971 .
pgs. 16 - 17 .
Gullberg , Jan .
Mathematics From the Birth of Numbers
New York , London : W.W.Norton & Company , 1997 .
ISBN : 0-393-04002-X
pgs 168 - 170
Websites
Fernandes , Luis .
" Introduction " , The Abacus , the Art of Calculating with Beads
http://www.ee.ryerson.ca:8080/~elf/abacus/
( Updated : Jul 16 2004 )
The Abacus : A History
E. A. Young
http://fenris.net/~lizyoung/abacus.html
( Revised September , 2004 )
Wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abacus
The League of Japan Abacus Associations
http://www.syuzan.net/english/index.html
SOROBAN TECHNIQUES
Books
Kojima , Takashi .
The Japanese Abacus : Its Use and Theory
Tokyo : Charles E. Tuttle , 1954 .
Kojima , Takashi .
Advanced Abacus : Japanese Theory and Practice
Tokyo : Charles E. Tuttle , 1963 .
The Japanese Chamber of Commerce & Industry .
Soroban , the Japanese abacus it 's use and practice
Tokyo : Charles E. Tuttle , 1967 .
Tani , Yukio
The Magic Calculator , the way of the abacus
Japan Publications Trading Co , 1964
Kato , Professor Fukutaro .
SOROBAN pelo Método Moderno ( SOROBAN by the Modern Method )
Brazil : Brazilian Shuzan Cultural Association , ( not dated - but looks to be circa 1969 )
Martinez , Beluva Sulliuent .
Soroban in America
Tokyo :
The league of Soroban Education of Japan Inc. ( not dated - but looks to be circa 1980 )
Websites
Bernazzani , Dave .
The Soroban Abacus HandBook.pdf ( 281 kb )
Rev.1.05 - March 2 , 2005
Members of the Soroban / Abacus newsgroup
https://groups.io/g/sorobanabacus
Advanced Abacus Techniques
http://totton.idirect.com/soroban/
TITLE PAGE PHOTOGRAPH
Flemstrom , Mats : Toronto , Ontario , Canada
GRAPHIC IMAGES
Morris , Elizabeth : Toronto , Ontario , Canada
http://llizard.etherwork.net/gifs/abacus.html
Heffelfinger , Totton : Toronto , Ontario , Canada
Back to Title Page
Please remember these
pages in your prayers :)
Rutgers AIDS researchers Gail Ferstandig Arnold and Eddy Arnold may have turned a corner in their search for a HIV vaccine .
In a paper just published in the Journal of Virology , the husband and wife duo and their colleagues report on their research progress .
With the support of the National Institutes of Health , the Arnolds and their team have been able to take a piece of HIV that is involved with helping the virus enter cells , put it on the surface of a common cold virus , and then immunize animals with it .
They found that the animals made antibodies that can stop an unusually diverse set of HIV isolates or varieties .
Some researchers have previously been able to elicit effective antibodies , but usually only against a very limited number of HIV types .
With HIV ’s known propensity to mutate , antibodies developed against one local strain may not recognize and combat mutant varieties elsewhere .
These geographic varieties with different mutations constitute one of the great challenges to finding a broad spectrum vaccine capable of protecting against the vast array of HIV varieties .
The approach taken by the Arnolds and their colleagues has been to identify a part of the AIDS virus that is crucial to its viability – something the virus needs in order to complete its life cycle – and then target this Achilles heel .
“ The part that we targeted plays a role in the ability of HIV to enter cells , and is common to most HIV varieties , ” Gail Ferstandig Arnold said .
“ That is a mechanism that would not be easy for the virus to reinvent on the fly , so it turns out to be a really helpful target . ”
The Arnolds are both members of the Center for Advanced Biotechnology and Medicine , a joint center of Rutgers , The State University of New Jersey , and the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey .
Also , Gail Ferstandig Arnold is a research professor and Eddy Arnold is a professor , both in Rutgers ’ Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology .
advertisement
While most vaccines are actually made from the pathogen itself , employing weakened or inactivated organisms to stimulate antibody production , HIV is just too dangerous to use as the basis for a vaccine vehicle .
What the Arnolds have done is to use the relatively innocuous cold - causing rhinovirus and attach the target portion of the HIV .
This must be done in a way that maintains the HIV part ’s shape so that when the immune system sees it , it will actually mount an immune response as it would to the real HIV .
“ The idea is to trick the immune system into thinking it is acting upon HIV before the virus shows actually shows up on the scene , ” said Eddy Arnold .
To actually accomplish this is a big problem in engineering .
The goal was to take a small piece of the HIV out of its native context , put it in a completely different system ( rhinovirus ) , and have it look the same and act the same .
Eddy Arnold likens this to taking the Rocky Mountains , putting them on India and having them look exactly right .
Using recombinant engineering , the research team developed a method to systematically test millions of varied presentations of the HIV segment with the rhinovirus .
They tried millions of different variations on how to graft ( or splice ) one onto the other , creating what are called combinatorial libraries .
“ It ’s like the lottery , ” Eddy Arnold commented .
“ The more tickets you buy the better chance you have of winning . ”
“ The really exciting part is that we were able to find viruses that could elicit antibodies against a huge variety of isolates of HIV .
That is an immense step and a very important step , ” said Gail Ferstandig Arnold .
“ However , we need to be careful to not overstate things because the quantity of response is not huge , but it is significant , ” added Eddy Arnold .
“ This is actually the first demonstration of this particular Achilles heel being presented in way to generate a relevant immune response .
It is probably not potent enough by itself to be the vaccine or a vaccine , but it is a proof of principle that what we are trying to do is a very sound idea . ”
Obama will make your weed legal because he models himself after FDR , a presumably stoned Esquire writer asserts .
First he reminds us why this wo n't happen :
But alas , the answer from Camp Obama was — as it has been for years — a flat one - liner : " President - elect Obama is not in favor of the legalization of marijuana . "
And at least two of Obama 's top people are drug - war supporters : Rahm Emanuel has been a long - time enemy of reform , and Joe Biden is a drug - war mainstay who helped create the position of " drug czar . "
BUT !
He says !
Obama will still probably decriminalize it , quietly , in his second term .
Because some guy from NORML said he 's cautiously optimistic .
Dream on , hippies !
Drug war 4 - eva !
“ It ’s just not acceptable .
You ’re talking about the same banks that caused the foreclosure crisis , took record bonuses in the past and continue to , ” said George Goehl , executive director of National Training and Information Center , a nonprofit community reinvestment group in Chicago .
Some politicians are calling for banks to claw back bonuses because they were based on earnings that vanished in the financial crisis .
President Obama lashed out on Thursday , calling bankers shameful for awarding themselves nearly $ 20 billion in bonuses for 2008 .
Many senior banking executives , including Vikram S. Pandit , the chief executive of Citigroup , agreed to forgo 2008 bonuses .
But Washington policy makers did not limit bonuses for rank - and - file employees when the government hastily arranged the sweeping bailout last fall .
So banks were free to pay what they wished for 2008 , and pay they did .
At Citigroup , Mr. Pandit in November was planning to reduce the total bonus pool by about 40 percent from 2007 levels .
But after the company grabbed a second lifeline from Washington , executives reduced payouts even more , cutting the total in half , according to several people close to the situation .
One of those people said officials in the Treasury Department , then under Henry M. Paulson Jr. , signed off on the size and the structure of the compensation plan .
Pay for several dozen of Citigroup ’s senior managers was cut between 40 and 85 percent , and the bank imposed new policies to claw back ill - gotten bonuses and limit severance pay .
That could set the stage for a new round of changes .
Wall Street compensation in general  and bonuses in particular  are coming under intense scrutiny from lawmakers .
Possible reforms include caps on pay , greater use of stock compensation and mandates to return more money to shareholders , rather than workers .
The government could also request a seat on the board of every company that accepted taxpayer money .
Even some bankers , at Citigroup and other institutions , said they felt a bit ashamed about getting bonuses in hard times like this .
But none of them offered to return the money .
“ I ’m certainly not giving my bonus back , ” said the Citigroup banking associate , who , like other several other Citigroup employees , declined to disclose his payout and asked to remain anonymous , for fear of angering his bosses .
The Boone Police Department is asking for the public 's help in eliminating traffic congestion on Blowing Rock Road ,
In a statement Sept. 21 , Police said customers of several popular eating and coffee establishments attempting to enter the parking lots and the drive thrus are causing the traffic jams .
Students have noticed the congestion ....
The VMKit project is retired
You can still play with the last VMKit release , but the project is not more maintained .
Moreover , the information on these pages may be out of date .
If you are interested in restarting the project , please contact Gaël Thomas
VMKit : a substrate for virtual machines
Current MREs are monolithic .
Extending them to propose new features or reusing them to execute new languages is difficult .
VMKit is a library that eases the development of new MREs and the process of experimenting with new mechanisms inside MREs .
VMKit provides the basic components of MREs : a JIT compiler , a GC , and a thread manager .
VMKit relies on LLVM for compilation and MMTk to manage memory .
Currently , a full Java virtual machine called J3 is distributed with VMKit .
Features
For the end user , VMKit provides :
Precise garbage collection .
Just - in - Time and Ahead - of - Time compilation .
Portable on many architectures ( x86 , x64 , ppc32 , ppc64 , arm ) .
For the MRE developer , VMKit provides :
Relatively small code base ( ~ 20 k loc per VM )
Infrastructure for virtual machine research and development
Current Status
VMKit currently has a decent implementation of a JVM called J3 .
It executes large projects ( e.g. OSGi Felix , Tomcat , Eclipse ) and the DaCapo benchmarks .
A R virtual machine is currently under heavy development .
J3 has been tested on Linux / x64 , Linux / x86 , Linux / ppc32 , MacOSX/x64 , MacOSX /x86 , MacOSX / ppc32 .
The JVM may work on ppc64 .
Support for Windows has not been investigated .
While this work aims to provide a fully functional JVM , it is still early work and is under heavy development .
Some of the common missing pieces in vmkit / llvm are :
Mixed interpretation / compilation .
Adaptive optimization .
Why ?
The development of VMKit was started out of a need to factorize virtual machine development .
The JVM and CLI virtual machine have many similarities , but are too high - level to be the basis of a " universal " virtual machine .
The LLVM IR on the opposite is low - level enough to be able to execute these VMs .
VMKit is a proof of concept implementation towards that direction .
Paper on the design of VMKit :
The PhD thesis that initiated VMKit :
An introduction to VMKit can be found in the following video lectures :
Current Status
VMKit currently has a decent implementation of a JVM .
It executes large projects ( e.g. OSGi Felix , Tomcat , Eclipse ) and the DaCapo benchmarks .
The JVM has been tested on Linux / x64 , Linux / x86 , Linux / ppc32 , MacOSX/x64 , MacOSX /x86 , MacOSX / ppc32 .
The JVM may work on ppc64 .
Support for Windows has not been investigated .
Get it and get involved !
Start by getting the code , building it , and playing with it .
This will show you the sorts of things we can do today .
Once you 've done that , please consider getting involved in the VMKit community .
Currently , VMKit is tightly integrated into the LLVM community .
You can sign up for the LLVM mailing list to ask and learn about how the project works .
VMKit2
The project VMKit2 , sponsored by Inria and LIP6 , a fork of VMKit project , that was recently integrated back into VMKit project .
Not treated as saviors and given more power to “ fix ” the problem that they created
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , March 12 , 2009
Congressman Ron Paul says that the people responsible for the economic crisis should not be hailed as saviors and given more power to fix the problem that they created , but arrested and criminally prosecuted .
Paul told the Alex Jones
Show that the only way the private Federal Reserve could be brought under control would come as a result of a mass uprising , noting that there is a lot more awareness in Washington about the Fed ’s contribution to the economic crisis .
The Congressman has two bills before Congress , one to abolish the Fed altogether and another to audit the organization .
“ Today they ’re protected , they ’re in total secrecy and they ’re protected by the law – if 1207 is passed we have an audit and they have to answer the questions and I figure , if we ever get that far and get the exposure and get the transparency that we need then people will wake up and realize , why do we have them at all , ” said Paul .
The Congressman ’s bill to audit the Fed is similar to another bill introduced by Bernie Sanders in the Senate which is aimed at getting the Fed to answer specific questions about where $ 2 trillion in bailout funds has gone , a subject that Bloomberg News sued the Fed simply to try and discover .
Staggering scenes unfolded last week at a Senate budget Committee meeting when Bernanke arrogantly refused to state where any of the bailout money had gone despite repeated questioning by Sanders .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Asked if the people who caused the economic collapse should be trusted as saviors or criminally charged , Paul responded , “ We should have minimal government , but even in a minimalist government your government is supposed to deal with theft and physical harm and fraud , and that ’s what ’s going on and that ’s what they ignore or protect ….it ’s horrible what they ’re doing …. and they should be prosecuting these people , these people should be in prison . ”
The Texas Congressman also discussed Obama ’s monetary policy , noting that every time a new government initiative was announced to supposedly rescue the economy , the stock markets sink .
“ In spite of how a lot of people think the markets do n’t know what ’s going on , the markets are pretty smart , so the fact that they ’re not responding , in spite of all this stuff the government is doing , every time the government comes up with a new program , the markets go down even more , ” said Paul , noting that free market advocates were right in warning that the problems will only begin to be resolved once liquidation is allowed to occur .
Asked how bad the economic picture would get , Paul responded , “ I think it ’s going to be very prolonged , I do n’t see any rebound , markets may come back up and that sort of thing but to rebound I would expect it to last every bit as long as happened in the 30’s , ” adding that the last depression did not really end until after a world war .
“ I think it ’s going to be a long long time but now we live in greater danger because people are far more demanding , they believe they have a right to their neighbors property and that ’s why there ’s liable to be violence …. ultimately they ’re going to destroy the dollar , ” said the Congressman , adding that the only quick solution to the crisis was to follow constitutional principles .
Listen to the interview with Ron Paul below .
This article was posted : Thursday , March 12 , 2009 at 1:54 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
WASHINGTON , Jan 12 ( Reuters ) - News channel Fox Business Network sued the U.S. Federal Reserve on Monday , saying that the government has failed to release details on financial companies receiving federal funds .
Fox said it made an initial request on Nov. 10 last year under the Freedom of Information Act .
The network asked for the identification of the financial institutions receiving funds and details on the collateral provided by these firms between August 2007 and November 2008 .
The network made a second request on Nov. 18 , asking for more information on financial firms that received lending from Fed programs .
It also asked for the amount of collateral held by the Fed as of Nov. 14 .
A Fed spokeswoman did not have a comment on the lawsuit .
The Fed has been a critical player in financial rescue packages for companies such as American International Group Inc AIG.N and Citigroup Inc C.N.
It has also opened up its discount window to a wider range of entities in an attempt to provide more liquidity to the financial sector .
The Fed continues to create and fine - tune a number of other programs to support credit availability at a time financial market functioning remains impaired .
“ The government has power over possibly trillions of the taxpayers ’ money and the fact that they are denying requests for enhanced transparency on the distribution of those funds is appalling , ” said Steven Mintz , legal counsel for Fox Business , in a statement .
Fox filed a similar lawsuit in December against the U.S. Treasury Department for what it called a failure to respond to repeated requests for information on how it has allocated the $ 700 billion bailout fund .
( Reporting by Karey Wutkowski , additional reporting by Robert MacMillan in New York , editing by Gerald E. McCormick )
I rest my case .
THE single mother of octuplets born in California last week is seeking $ 2 m ( £ 1.37 m ) from media interviews and commercial sponsorship to help pay the cost of raising the children .
Nadya Suleman , 33 , plans a career as a television childcare expert after it emerged last week that she already had six children before giving birth on Monday .
She now has 14 below the age of eight …
Her earning power , though , could be diminished by a growing ethical and medical controversy ….
US public reaction has been mixed : many have asked how an unemployed single mother can raise 14 children , as her first six have already strained the family budget … .
Nadya Suleman , who describes herself as a “ professional student ” living off education grants and parental money , broke up with her boyfriend before the birth of her first child seven years ago .
IN THE EARLY years of this decade , General Motors had a goal , and it was 29 .
Determined to boost its flagging profits and reverse a long , steady fall from postwar dominance , the automotive giant did the natural thing : it set a goal .
The company pledged to recapture 29 percent of the American market , the share it had ebbed past in 1999 .
The number 29 became a corporate mantra , and some GM executives took to wearing lapel pins with the number emblazoned on them .
It did n't work .
GM never did regain 29 percent of the market , and today , facing the possibility of bankruptcy , it looks even less likely to do so .
The lapel pins are gone , and that number is n't much heard from the company .
And while the causes of GM's woes are many - from poor design to high labor costs to a prostrate economy - industry analysts argue that one of the most damaging things the company did was to set that goal .
In clawing toward its number , GM offered deep discounts and no-interest car loans .
The energy and time that might have been applied to the longer - term problem of designing better cars went instead toward selling more of its generally unloved vehicles .
As a result , GM was less prepared for the future , and made less money on the cars it did sell .
In other words , the world 's largest car company - a title it lost to Toyota last year - fell victim to a goal .
It is a given in American life that goals are inseparable from accomplishment .
President Kennedy 's 1961 promise to put an American on the moon by the end of the decade is held up as an example of a world - changing goal , the kind of inspirational beacon needed to surmount immense societal challenges .
Among psychologists , the link between setting goals and achievement is one of the clearest there is , with studies on everyone from woodworkers to CEOs showing that we concentrate better , work longer , and do more if we set specific , measurable goals for ourselves .
Goal - setting is one of the seven habits of highly effective people , says self - help guru Stephen Covey , and even Henry David Thoreau , the philosopher of dropping out , celebrates the work of goal setting .
" If you have built castles in the air , your work need not be lost ; that is where they should be .
Now put the foundations under them , " he writes in Walden .
But a few management scholars are now looking deeper into the effects of goals , and finding that goals have a dangerous side .
Individuals , governments , and companies like GM show ample ability to hurt themselves by setting and blindly following goals , even those that seem to make sense at the time .
These skeptics draw on a broad array of large - scale failures - the design of the Ford Pinto , the Enron collapse , the rash lending practices of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac - as evidence of the pernicious effects of goals .
Outside the workplace , these thinkers point to the unintended consequences of high - stakes testing in grade schools , and psychological literature showing that goals and other incentives can constrict our thinking .
Even the scarcity of cabs on rainy days , some argue , illustrates the ways that goals can blind people to their own best interests .
The argument is not that goal setting does n't work - it does , just not always in the way we intend .
" It can focus attention too much , or on the wrong things ; it can lead to crazy behaviors to get people to achieve them , " says Adam Galinsky , a professor at Northwestern University 's Kellogg School of Management , and coauthor of " Goals Gone Wild , " a paper in the current issue of a leading management journal .
" Goal setting has been treated like an over - the - counter medication when it should really be treated with more care , as a prescription - strength medication , " he says .
Taking on goals in this way has proven controversial , and Galinsky and his coauthors have earned a withering response from the prominent psychologists responsible for much of the literature on goal setting .
But at a time when we 're left to wonder how smart , seemingly responsible leaders in business and government could make decisions that helped destroy trillions of dollars in wealth , there 's a new appetite for reexamining the things that motivate us - and how they can go awry .
Our faith in goals long predates the psychological research .
" First , have a definite , clear , practical ideal - a goal , an objective , " advised Aristotle .
Generations of managers and motivators have repeated Abraham Lincoln 's line that " A goal properly set is halfway reached . "
It was n't until the 1960s , though , that scholars of human behavior began to try to figure out how goals really worked .
Two organizational psychologists , Gary Latham and Edwin Locke , created a theory of human motivation with goals at its center , drawing on their own extensive research and that of others .
They found that goal setting had dramatic positive effects on success in just about any arena : work , school , the playing field , even the doctor 's office ( people took better care of their own health if they had a goal ) .
" When people are asked do their best , they do n't , " says Locke , now an emeritus professor at the University of Maryland 's R.H. Smith School of Business .
" It 's too vague . "
Giving people ambitious and specific goals directs their attention , energizes them , and keeps them engaged longer .
Latham and Locke 's theory quickly permeated executive suites and business school classrooms .
The success of General Electric , for example , was described both by the company and its many admirers as a matter of having set the right goals and made sure people reached them .
Southwest Airlines earned a place in the annals of management for its use of the so - called " stretch goal , " a theatrically improbable aim announced to jolt employees to new heights of productivity and creativity .
In Southwest 's case it was a promise to reduce turnaround times at the gate for its planes to an unheard - of 10 minutes .
Defying the doubts of the rest of the industry - and many of its own employees - the company pulled it off .
Despite these successes , a few management experts began to wonder what sort of price we pay for our goals .
Goals , they feared , might actually be taking the place of independent thinking and personal initiative .
Goals gave us GE and Southwest , but they also gave us GM and Enron .
Two of these skeptics , business professors Maurice Schweitzer of the University of Pennsylvania and Lisa Ordonez of the University of Arizona , co-wrote a 2004 paper on what people do when they fall just short of their goals .
According to Ordonez and Schweitzer 's experiment , in which subjects played a word game and then reported how well they did at it , what people do is lie to make up the difference .
Schweitzer and Ordonez are also two of the coauthors of the " Goals Gone Wild " paper , in Academy of Management Perspectives , which takes the concern about cheating and broadens it .
The new paper is n't based on original research but instead juxtaposes findings from the psychology and economics literature with a sort of greatest hits of disasters in goal setting .
It recounts the hostile , dysfunctional , and ultimately criminal atmosphere created at Enron by its practice of rewarding executives based on meeting specific revenue targets .
It describes how Sears , Roebuck and Co. started setting sales goals for its auto repair staff in the early 1990s , only to find out that its mechanics were overcharging customers and making unnecessary repairs to hit their numbers .
Narrow corporate goals can keep employees from asking important questions that they otherwise might .
Take the notoriously combustible Ford Pinto .
In the late 1960s , Ford CEO Lee Iacocca , determined to take back the market share the company was losing to smaller imports , announced a crash program to create a new car that would be under 2,000 pounds , under $ 2,000 , and would go on sale in 1970 .
Desperate to meet the conditions and the deadline , company executives ignored and then played down questions about the safety of the car 's design .
As a result , the Pinto , with a fuel tank just behind the rear axle , was uniquely prone to igniting upon impact , and 53 people died in such fires .
The vaunted " stretch goals , " meanwhile , come with their own red flags .
Sim Sitkin , a business school professor at Duke University , has found in reviewing the management literature that stretch goals are most likely to be pursued by desperate , embattled companies - the sort least equipped to deal with the costs of ambitious failures .
These findings will come as happy reassurance to workers who have chafed , Dilbert - like , at the imposition of companywide goals that they found a nuisance and a distraction from the real job at hand .
But we often embrace goals voluntarily , too , and even outside the business world there 's evidence that goals can have strong and often negative effects on how well we perform basic tasks .
In a famous 1999 study by the psychologists Daniel Simons and Christopher Chabris , subjects watching a video clip were told to count the number of times people in a group pass a basketball among themselves .
Most concentrate so hard on the goal that they become blind to other information , utterly failing to notice when a woman in a gorilla suit walks through the middle of the group .
Our admiration for Mr. Obama is grounded in what he represents : fairness .
He is the product of a just , democratic system that respects equal opportunity for education and work .
This system allowed a black man , after centuries of racial discrimination , to become president .
Image Credit ... Olaf Hajek
This fairness is precisely what we are missing in Egypt .
That is why the image of President - elect Obama meeting with his predecessors in the White House was so touching .
Here in Egypt , we do n’t have previous or future presidents , only the present head of state who seized power through sham elections and keeps it by force , and who will probably remain in power until the end of his days .
Accordingly , Egypt lacks a fair system that bases advancement on qualifications .
Young people often get good jobs because they have connections .
Ministers are not elected , but appointed by the president .
Not surprisingly , this inequitable system often leads young people to frustration or religious extremism .
Others flee the country at any cost , hoping to find justice elsewhere .
We saw Mr. Obama as a symbol of this justice .
We welcomed him with almost total enthusiasm until he underwent his first real test : Gaza .
Even before he officially took office , we expected him to take a stand against Israel ’s war on Gaza .
We still hope that he will condemn , if only with simple words , this massacre that killed more than 1,300 Palestinians , many of them civilians .
( I do n’t know what you call it in other languages , but in Egypt we call this a massacre . )
We expected him to address the reports that the Israeli military illegally used white phosphorus against the people of Gaza .
We also wanted Mr. Obama , who studied law and political science at the greatest American universities , to recognize what we see as a simple , essential truth : the right of people in an occupied territory to resist military occupation .
But Mr. Obama has been silent .
So his brilliantly written Inaugural Speech did not leave a big impression on Egyptians .
We had already begun to tune out .
We were beginning to recognize how far the distance is between the great American values that Mr. Obama embodies , and what can actually be accomplished in a country where support for Israel seems to transcend human rights and international law .
Mr. Obama ’s interview with Al Arabiya on Jan. 27 was an event that was widely portrayed in the Western news media as an olive branch to the Muslim world .
But while most of my Egyptian friends knew about the interview , by then they were so frustrated by Mr. Obama ’s silence that they were n’t particularly interested in watching it .
I did n’t see it myself , but I went back and read the transcript .
Again , his elegant words did not challenge America ’s support of Israel , right or wrong , or its alliances with Arab dictators in the interest of pragmatism .
The 14 year old daughter of a city counselor in Spain is the source of a small political crisis in the city of Getafe .
The girl used her mother 's work 3G modem to download some episodes of the popular TV - show ' Lost ' , resulting in a massive $ 40,000 bill .
Every parent knows that their kids can drive up a phone bill quickly , and the same goes for mobile Internet access when there ’s no flat rate plan available .
The daughter of a local politician in Spain recently embarrassed her mother by borrowing her work modem and running up a huge bill that any teenager could be proud of .
The girl in question could n’t connect to her home WiFi network from her bedroom , so she borrowed her mother ’s 3G modem to download some Lost episodes , among other things .
What she did n’t know was that this would result in a $ 40,000 ( 30,000 Euro ) bill at the end of the year ( $ 300 per episode ) .
Her mother , Blanca Rosa Alcántara , a city councilor for the People ’s Party in Spain , protested : “ I thought that it had unlimited downloading data rates . ”
In an official statement , representatives of the People ’s Party at Getafe City Hall said that the party regrets “ the improper use of the party ’s Internet and phone lines by children ” .
“ I was absolutely unaware that such usage [ using the 3G modem for downloading TV shows ] could result in such excessive costs .
I have a flat rate plan at my home and something like this has never happened before , ” Alcántara added .
The councilor claims that she should have been warned against excessive use of the modem by the City Hall economic department , saying that this huge bill could have been prevented .
Nevertheless , she promised to pay the entire bill including interest and hopes that the accident wont turn into a political issue .
This is not the first time that someone ’s downloading habits have caused a financial crisis .
In 2007 a factory worker from the UK was billed $ 54,000 for hooking up his mobile phone to to his laptop , and downloading 20 or 30 TV - shows .
For some , file - sharing can prove to be an expensive hobby .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai has said the car crash that killed his wife Susan was an accident .
Mr Tsvangirai said there was only a " one in a thousand " chance that the incident involved any foul play .
He was speaking as the lorry driver involved in the collision was granted bail after appearing in court charged with culpable homicide .
Mr Tsvangirai has returned to Zimbabwe to prepare his wife 's funeral after undergoing treatment in Botswana .
" When something happens , there is always speculation but I want to say in this case , if there was any foul play , it was one in a thousand , " Mr Tsvangirai was quoted as telling mourners outside his home in the Zimbabwean capital , Harare .
I want to thank God for giving me 31 years with my wife
Morgan Tsvangirai
Zimbabwean prime minister
Rumours fly after Tsvangirai crash Wearing dark glasses and with his face still swollen , he said : " It was an accident and unfortunately it took her [ Susan 's ] life . "
Many Zimbabweans are suspicious about Mrs Tsvangirai 's death , because of past acrimony between Mr Tsvangirai and President Robert Mugabe .
Police have said a lorry carrying aid crossed into the lane in which the prime minister 's 4x4 was travelling on Friday and side - swiped the vehicle , causing it to roll over three times .
' Trials and tribulations '
Lorry driver Chinoona Mwanda , 35 , appeared on Monday at a magistrates court in the town of Chivu in the province of Mashonaland East , about 200 km ( 124 miles ) south - east of Harare .
His lawyer earlier said Mr Mwanda would deny a charge of culpable homicide as he blamed the collision on the poor state of the road .
But the truck driver was not asked to plead at Monday 's hearing .
Mr Mwanda was granted bail of $ 100 ( £ 72 ) and ordered to hand in his travel documents ahead of his next court appearance on 23 March .
The car is said to have rolled three times after being hit by an aid truck In Harare , thousands of people from the townships have been walking long distances to the prime minister 's home in Strathaven , a western suburb of the capital , to pay their respects to Mrs Tsvangirai .
Mr Tsvangirai said he had returned to Harare to resume work because that was what his wife would have wanted .
" I want to thank God for giving me 31 years with my wife , " he said .
" We know that we shall all die , but let 's celebrate the life of Susan because we have gone through trials and tribulations together , " he said .
Zimbabwean journalist Brian Hungwe says a rally is to be held at Glamis Stadium in Harare on Tuesday to pay tribute to Mrs Tsvangirai on the eve of her burial .
President Mugabe and his wife Grace visited the Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) leader 's bedside on Friday evening at a private clinic in Harare .
IMF comes calling Mr Tsvangirai , who had previously spent time in Botswana while in opposition , flew there on Saturday for medical tests and rest .
The British foreign ministry said the truck was part of an aid project jointly funded by the US and UK and that the crash appeared to be " a genuine accident " .
The collision came two days after Mr Tsvangirai delivered his maiden speech to parliament following his swearing in as premier in a power - sharing government .
But relations between the MDC and Mr Mugabe 's Zanu - PF party remain tense , with MDC ministerial nominee Roy Bennett still in custody , accused of links to an alleged plot to kill Mr Mugabe .
Also on Monday , Zimbabwe 's government held its first meeting with the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) in more than two years .
Correspondents say Zimbabwe 's relations with the IMF have effectively been suspended since the fund 's last visit in December 2006 when the country was almost expelled from the organisation .
Zimbabwe 's economy has been in steep decline for years and inflation - estimated by some economists at 10 sextillion per cent - has left its currency almost worthless .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Currently , I 'm working on 2 logos for different companies .
One of them is my design studio , Zee ( http://zee.com.br).
My design process for logos is simple : firstly I brainstorm some ideas and keywords that have relation with the business of the logo I 'm working on , then I look for images or ways to make those ideas and keywords real .
Of course there are more steps , one of them is checking other logos , not only for reference or ideas , but also , and perhaps the most important , to see if I 'm not doing anything that has already been done .
There are excellent sites that showcase logos , my favorite is Logopond .
They have a huge number of logos in their gallery , very useful to see how other designers approach some subjects on designing logos .
Because of that I selected some of the best logos I found on Logopond that use colorful gradients and subtle 3D effects .
A handful of aides are still spinning for the former president .
| Matt Wuerker
No quit : the campaign to boost Bush
The defense never rests .
When President Barack Obama released his own policy this week on former President George W. Bush ’s practice of attaching controversial signing statements to legislation , a reporter quickly got a tip from a Bush loyalist : the cell phone number for a White House lawyer in the past administration .
“ The spin is bogus , ” said William Burck , a former deputy White House counsel , in pushing back against early news accounts framing Obama ’s action as a slap at his predecessor .
In fact , Burck insisted , the new policy is no different from Bush’s .
Advertisement
Even though Bush is keeping quiet in Texas before heading out on a lucrative speaking tour , an informal network of former aides is keeping his views in the political bloodstream , defending his legacy in TV appearances and backgrounding reporters about his record .
Former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer calls the Bush pundits “ a loose confederation of people united in our belief in what President Bush did , and we ’re freer now to talk about some things than we used to be — good and bad . ”
The Bush defense forces include Fleischer ; former press secretary Dana Perino ; Bush political czar Karl Rove , who has contracts with Fox News , The Wall Street Journal and Newsweek ; economics guru Tony Fratto ; the prolific Peter Wehner , former director of the White House Office of Strategic Initiatives ; and the graceful speechwriter Michael Gerson , who writes an opinion column for The Washington Post .
The former aides are armed with many of the same arguments that they tried out on reporters when they strolled the hallways of the West Wing .
When CNN ’s Larry King recently asked what Fleischer considered to be a hostile question about tax cuts , the president ’s first press secretary pulled out an ancient talking point and reminded viewers that the nation “ had a record - breaking 55 straight months of job creation and economic job growth ” on Bush ’s watch .
“ We ’re invited to comment on the events of the day and along the way , we remind people that there was , indeed , good news under President Bush , ” Fleischer said .
Participants say the effort is not coordinated or organized but , rather , a natural result of the hunger by bookers and reporters to get the views of aides who approached the status of celebrity through their service in a two - term presidency .
The Bush alumni said they make their points subtly — both because the former president does not want to feed an Obama vs .
Bush story line and because they know they will never win that battle .
“ Communications - wise , this tidal wave is going to have to wash on over everybody , ” said Perino , Bush ’s last press secretary .
“ We do what we can , and we believe that history will get it right in the end . ”
A few days before Obama announced he was abolishing Bush - era limits on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research , Bush supporters who frequently appear on TV received an e-mail from an adviser saying : “ I wanted to send you the following two documents on President Bush ’s record on stem cell research : 1 . a Bush White House fact sheet on President Bush ’s record of advancing stem cell research in ethical , responsible ways and 2 . a November 2007 Washington Post column by Charles Krauthammer , ‘ Stem Cell Vindication . ’ ”
Recipients said the information was helpful and that they were struck by the fact that it was n’t talking points — just a savvy reminder of points the press was likely to overlook .
So the Bush message persists in the punditry ether .
On National Review Online , Yuval Levin , who worked on health issues as an associate director of Bush ’s Domestic Policy Council , defended his boss ’s approach to the stem cell decision : “ Unfortunately , the political debate has yet to recover the kind of balanced understanding of the moral quandary that President Bush offered the country eight years ago . ”
Jim Connaughton , the former chairman of Bush ’s White House Council on Environmental Quality , popped up on Fox the other day talking about the president ’s record on energy and the environment .
And Fratto , once a top spokesman for Bush ’s Treasury Department and White House , talks to reporters about economic issues just about every day .
“ A lot of us still hear from you guys , looking for reaction , especially when we ’re attacked , like on the budget , ” Fratto said .
“ There ’s no coordinated effort to push back on these things , but if there ’s a charge , we ’ll set the record straight . ”
Bush - era officials walk a fine line , and they know it .
The outgoing administration , in the view of even the most partisan members of the Obama team , was hugely helpful and professional during the transition — a tone that clearly started in the Oval Office .
Former presidents , by tradition , try to leave the stage to their successors , and Bush — who has been largely incognito except for a visit to a Dallas hardware store , has been no different .
Former White House aides from both parties also feel a bond with the new kids in town — particularly given the economic apocalypse that they face .
Fratto says he often reminds reporters to give his successors at Treasury a break , since they have so much on their plate , “ some of it of their own making , a lot of it that they had to pick up as they came in . ”
“ That does n’t always make the stories , ” he said .
Perino said her fellow alumni have no interest in “ fanning the flames of Obama vs. Bush . ”
But sometimes the frustration does show .
“ For many years , we were accused of being too close to the Russians , right ? ” Perino said .
“ Too close to Putin — too friendly with them .
And then on this recent trip , our new secretary of state wants to press the reset button and improve the relationship with Russia .
And I think :
Why is n’t there any critical thinking going on ? ”
Warp Records founder Steve Beckett seems just as excited by the prospect of a new Aphex Twin album as the rest of us .
And he also seems as clued in to the album 's progress as the rest of us .
[ " We 're definitely going to be putting out a new album by him , " he told BBC 6 Music .
" Hopefully it will be this year , if I can prise it out of his hands .
It 's definitely on its way . "
Beckett added , " I do n't know a single note or anything about it .
It will be as much of a surprise to me as anyone else .
Basically I find out what it sounds like when we go into the mastering room and he puts it - well how it used to be , he 'll put the DAT player in and there it 'll be - so that 's the first time I 'll hear it .
Then I 'll go onto my knees and thank him and then we 'll put it out . "
] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/6music/news/20090313_aphex_twin.shtml)
So , yeah .
Do n't hold your breath or anything .
Thanks to Jake Muir for the tip .
To figure out whether you 'll like the restaurant around the corner or that new guy in accounting or a vacation in Madrid , or just about anything else you 've never personally experienced , try asking a stranger who has [ Time ] .
That stranger is likely to predict , better than you can yourself , how much enjoyment you 'll get from that new experience ( or the guy in accounting ) .
Previous research has shown that people tend to overestimate how disappointed or unhappy they will be after a perceived negative event , such as being denied a promotion , as well as how happy they will feel after positive events , like winning a prize .
Building on that knowledge , psychology professor Daniel Gilbert conducted experiments in which he asked people to predict how much they ’d enjoy a future event that they knew nothing about — except how much a total stranger had enjoyed it .
Those people , it turns out , made extremely accurate predictions [ WebMD ] .
In one experiment , women were asked to partake in " speed dating . "
Subjects given reviews by women who had already " dated " participating men were able to gauge how well a date would go better than those who were only shown a picture and profile , and asked to come to their own conclusions .
Despite the demonstrated advantage of hearing about other people 's experiences , however , the researchers also found that people tend to avoid seeking advice from others , and prefer to predict on their own how they will feel , even if they are wrong .
People like to think of themselves as unique , self - aware individuals who can predict their own responses — that even after being shown how muddleheaded their own predictions tend to be , people still prefer to rely on them rather than seeking advice from others ...
" Ironically , 84 % [ of the women ] believed that simulation information would allow them to make a more accurate forecast about a future date with a different man " [ Time ] , researchers write in their paper , published in Science .
Gilbert added , " People do not realize what a powerful source of information another person ’s experience can be because they mistakenly believe that everyone is remarkably different from everyone else " [ WebMD ] .
Related Content : 80 beats : Trust Your Instincts : Some Lucky Guesses Tap Into Subconscious Memories 80 beats : Slot Machine Near Misses Are Perfectly Tuned to Stoke the Addiction
Image : Flickr / Logan Cyrus
Today Clearwire yanked the cloth off of its rumored Clear Spot portable WiMax - to - Wi- Fi hotspot , a shiny little battery - powered device that lets you bestow real 4G bandwidth upon anyone in Wi-Fi range .
Advertisement
The $ 140 thing fits in your pocket , runs for four hours on a lithium - ion battery , connects up to 8 laptops via Wi -Fi , and works like a charm when you 're in a decent WiMax coverage area .
( You still need to connect a WiMax modem , which costs $ 50 and requires a data plan . )
Advertisement
I tested it on the outskirts of Portland , at a Burgerville right off of I - 5 in Vancouver , WA , essentially becoming a totally unwired , totally portable wireless hotspot for anybody with a computer or smartphone in the vicinity .
Anyone can see the hotspot itself , as it has a standard Wi-Fi SSID , but once on , you have to enter a password , like you do in hotels or airports where the Wi-Fi network itself is technically public .
I can't make enough of the experience , and how much it could change businesses , sales forces or mobile bloggin ' teams like Gizmodo .
You do n't even have to be plugged in , you can just all hop on and work as usual for up to four hours , more if you can find an electric socket .
And with WiMax , you 're not nearly as limited as you are with 3G — though there are some constraints , you at least have access to a network that , in certain coverage areas , bestows blistering broadband speeds similar those from today 's wired cable modems .
One big constraint , of course , is that WiMax from Sprint / Clearwire is currently limited to Baltimore and Portland , OR , but is growing this year and next to many cities .
Advertisement
There is also an internal limit to how much WiMax bandwidth you can harness .
Since the Clear Spot uses the same Motorola WiMax USB modem that Clearwire sells for its standard WiMax service , I could test how well the bandwidth was passed through .
Advertisement
• What I got when connecting an HP Pavilion dv4 Windows laptop to WiMax : Around 7Mbps
• What I got when connecting the same modem to the Clear Spot , then connected MacBook Pro via Wi-Fi : 3 - 4Mbps
That does certainly represent a bottleneck , and there 's a reason for it :
The wireless hotspot itself — which you might have seen under the brand Cradlepoint for a year or more — was designed for 3G , for whom 3 M bps downstream is a frickin ' miracle .
It has a gimped USB port that throttles bandwidth over 5 Mbps .
Advertisement
Though that 's a flaw , it 's not a big deal when you consider most Clearwire WiMax plans will be sold with a 4 M bps cap .
Beyond the hardware bottleneck , my other complaints are relatively minor :
• There 's no Ethernet port , so this can't fundamentally replace home broadband .
• In areas of low coverage , you get an error message saying the modem was not found , which is inaccurate .
• There 's no good way to read WiMax signal strength on the device itself .
Advertisement
The good news for patient people is that , according to Scott Richardson , Clearwire 's chief strategy officer , the company is exploring selling an unfettered WiMax account , so you 'd get an experience closer to the one I got in my uncapped testing .
Also , Scott tells me there will be another portable WiMax - to - Wi - Fi hotspot device available — probably in the fall — that 's even smaller , and that would n't be restricted by the USB bottleneck .
Advertisement
This is one of those products that 's totally niche but totally cool .
Like , even if there are many people who are interested in getting WiMax , or better yet , a combo EVDO / WiMax modem from Sprint , I am not anybody would , at that point , also feel the need to share it with others .
Maybe it 's good for bringing your work - supplied modem home , or maybe it's a good way to split the cost of wireless modem service between a team of people who are always working together , on separate devices .
Advertisement
Regardless of all these scenarios , the fact is , it 's a truly new experience , and hopefully something we see more of in the future .
I would say this is one of hell of a reason for Big Cable to be shaking in its boots — that is , if only Comcast was n't already part owner in Clearwire .
[ Clearwire Clear Spot release ]
Advertisement
Click to view
Digitization of medical records is one of Obama 's most prominent talking points : he claims modernizing records will save lives and billions of dollars at the same time .
But some doctors are n't taken with the idea .
Advertisement
In a New York Times op - ed piece , Dr. Anne Armstrong - Coben expresses concern that the modernization of medical records may not be as obviously beneficial as it seems .
For one thing , there 's no unified system yet , and the likeliest candidate ( Google Health ) is n't subject to the now - outdated Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act , the national privacy statute .
Creating an easy - to - learn and effective system is a huge undertaking , from construction to installation to training , and not everybody is confident it can be done properly .
A buggy or confusing system could result in more mistakes , not less , as Dr. Armstrong - Coben points out .
" I have seen how choosing the wrong box can lead to the wrong drug being prescribed , " she writes .
Older generations of doctors may have trouble adjusting to a totally digital system , and there are bound to be mistakes made by even the computer - savvy before digitization becomes ubiquitous .
Advertisement
On the other hand , Dr. Armstrong - Coben complains that full digitization may make the doctor - patient relationship less personal , a point not likely to hold much water with digitization proponents .
The potential money and lives saved far outweigh the loss .
She reminisces , " I loved how patients could participate in their own charts - illustrating their cognitive development as they went from showing me how they could draw a line at age 2 and a circle at 3 to proudly writing their names at 5 . "
Unclear , however , is why she can't just keep a notebook in which her young pediatric patients can draw .
Obama 's plan will cost about $ 100 billion , a huge chunk of the stimulus package , but some experts claim it will save two to three times that yearly .
Those savings could go toward universal health care or simply flow back into the hospitals for better equipment .
Doctors like Armstrong - Coben bring up an interesting point : this is a new frontier and a massive project , and it wo n't be as simple as handing doctors a new iMac and watching the savings roll in .
But it 's a necessary step ; just because it 's going to be hard does n't mean it 's not worth the effort .
[ NY Times and CNN ]
NEW YORK , Jan 27 ( Reuters ) - The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp is aiming to take control of a widely mooted “ bad bank ” , to be set up by the U.S. government to mop up toxic assets of struggling banks , Bloomberg News reported on Tuesday .
Numerous U.S. lawmakers expect the Obama administration to produce a new strategy soon for stabilizing the nation ’s troubled banks , and believe several options are under discussion .
CNBC reported that the Obama administration is set to announce the outlines of its financial rescue plan early next week .
FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair would run the operation , Bloomberg said , citing a source familiar with the matter .
It said another source told the news agency that Bair is arguing that her agency could help finance the effort by issuing bonds guaranteed by the FDIC .
U.S. Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd said on Tuesday he was aware the Obama administration was discussing the idea of establishing a “ bad bank ” to mop up toxic assets , and added the idea made some sense .
“ I ’m aware they ’re discussing it , ” Dodd , a Connecticut Democrat , told reporters outside the Senate .
“ I think that idea has arrived .
It makes some sense to me . ”
Dodd ’s committee would presumably be consulted if the administration were going to try and establish an aggregator bank , or “ bad bank ” , to take troubled assets off banks ’ balance sheets , although Dodd said administration officials had not talked personally to him about it .
“ There ’s talk about it but not to me specifically . ”
* For more stories on economic policy moves by the new administration of President Barack Obama , click on [ ID :nN18299008 ] ( Reporting by Christopher Kaufman ; Editing by Kim Coghill )
Published online 6 March 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.137
News
Independent review calls for " radical overhaul " to cut complexity .
The European Commission needs to do much more to make its Framework Programmes accessible to researchers .
Alamy
The bureaucratic and sluggish process of applying for and winning funding from the European Union 's Framework Programme for research is a " stain " on its reputation and a significant barrier to participation , an expert report has warned .
The European Commission 's attempts to simplify the application and participation process for the programme are " timid and incremental " , the report says .
It calls for a " radical overhaul " of the administration , saying this should be given the " highest political priority " if the current and future programmes are to be successful .
The report evaluates the Sixth Framework Programme , in which nearly € 18 billion ( US $ 23 billion ) was up for grabs between 2002 –06 , and was presented at a conference on assessing the impact of research , held in Prague in the Czech Republic last week .
It was conducted by an independent group of academics from across Europe and the United States , on behalf on the European Commission .
The report comes as the Commission gears up to publish a progress report at the end of April on the current € 50.5 - billion Seventh Framework Programme , which runs from 2007 – 13 .
Hard to ignore
Peter Fisch , head of programme evaluation and monitoring in the Commission 's research directorate , told the conference that it is " hard to ignore the very serious criticisms " in the report .
He says the Commission will officially respond to the report in the next few weeks , but adds that a flurry of simplification measures were introduced in the current programme — including , for example , the creation of an online database of applicants ' details to make it easier for those applying for money several times .
Fisch says that the report 's recommendations will have an influence on the Eighth Framework Programme , which will start to take shape in 2010 .
Ernst Rietschel , chairman of the report and president of the Leibniz Association of German Research Institutes , Berlin , says the simplification measures introduced in the Seventh Framework Programme do not go far enough .
The report proposes moving towards a trust - based system in which a price is agreed for a project , and the researchers are then left to get on with their work .
The report says such a system would remove the need for the " fussy bureaucracy " of the existing system , in which the cost of the research is audited as the project progresses .
“ The whole system needs changing . ” Ernst Rietschel
Leibniz Association
" The whole system needs changing , " Rietschel says .
" It needs to move away from such strict controls on the money , and allow researchers more freedom to handle the funding . "
It is " unacceptable " that 75 % of research contracts in the Sixth Framework Programme took around 450 days to be signed and completed by the Commission , says Rietschel .
This comes " very close " to international worst practice , the report says .
It recommends the Commission cuts this time by half .
It is also " unreasonable " that the Commission takes 60 days to deliver funding from the date of approval , it adds .
" Research is dynamic .
Such long lead times on the start of projects do not work for research activities , " says Rietschel .
Big problems for small firms
The programme 's administrative flaws are cited among the major factors that dissuade public and private researchers from participating , the report says .
It expresses concern that in the Sixth Framework Programme , business participation fell by around 4 % compared with the Fifth Framework Programme , which ran from 1998 – 2002 .
This is a " very worrying " indication that the programmes may not live up to their overall goal of bringing research results to market and stimulating European competitiveness , the report says .
Anna Maria Heidenreich , an expert in innovation and technology policy for the Association of European Chambers of Commerce and Industry in Brussels , told Nature News she agrees with the report 's findings .
" The [ Framework Programme ] has a very bad image and this puts industry off even trying to apply , " she says .
ADVERTISEMENT
Heidenreich would like to see the Commission make it easier for small hi-tech businesses to participate in the mainstream projects of future research programmes .
Currently , the Framework programme has separate projects for small businesses and , although they are not excluded from larger mainstream projects , the procedures for getting involved are often too complex and time - consuming for them to take part , she says .
Jan–Eric Sundgren , chairman of the research working group for BUSINESSEUROPE , a Brussels - based group that represents businesses in the European Union , agrees that the complexity of the programmes inhibit small businesses from taking part .
But Sundgren , who is also vice - president of public and environmental affairs at the Swedish - based Volvo Group of companies , says large multinational companies find it easier to get involved .
He says the Volvo group 's participation in the current programme to date is at roughly the same level as in the Sixth Framework Programme .
The report also recommends that that the Seventh Framework Programme 's flagship € 7.5 - billion European Research Council ( ERC ) , which awards individual grants for ' blue - skies ' research , should become completely independent from the Commission .
Management of the ERC's funding activities is currently governed by an executive agency that is semi-autonomous from the Commission .
The results of a review of the ERC , including whether it should become completely independent , are due to be released in July this year .
Obama financial re-regulation plan out next week -- Beloved high - school QB dies in Iraq -- Cheney does n’t have ' any plans ' to run -- Norm Coleman to RNC ? -- Gridiron or Camp David ?
Presented by Facebook
Good Monday morning .
The Obama administration plans to get the AIG bonuses back indirectly .
West Wing mindmeld :
We continue to negotiate with AIG to bring any payments in line with our priorities , and we also intend to seek mechanisms outside of these contracts to recoup this bonus money on behalf of taxpayers .
Speaker Pelosi : “ I have asked Chairman Barney Frank of the House Financial Services Committee to examine options that are legally available to recover taxpayer funds of companies that abuse the privilege of taxpayer assistance . ”
Advertisement
N.Y. Times ’ Adam Nagourney , A1 News Analysis , “ Bracing for a Bailout Backlash ” : “ The Obama administration is increasingly concerned about a populist backlash against banks and Wall Street , worried that anger at financial institutions could also end up being directed at Congress and the White House and could complicate President Obama ’s agenda . ”
EXCLUSIVE – The Treasury Department will lay out its financial re-regulation framework next week , with emphasis on preventing systemic risk so we never have to deal with an AIG - type situation again .
The legislation is not written yet :
The administration plans to work with Congress on details .
House Financial Services Chairman Barney Frank will take the lead .
The Wall Street Journal ’s Damian Paletta has new detail on the principles : Treasury Secretary “ Geithner is expected to call for the government to have comprehensive authority over all financial products marketed to consumers , including the consistent enforcement of consumer - protection laws related to mortgages and credit cards . …
A major component of the plan would be new clout for the Federal Reserve . ”
DODD IN TROUBLE -- Hartford Courant ’s Chris Keating : “ Former U.S. Rep. Rob Simmons [ R ] , buoyed by a poll showing that he is in a dead heat in a possible matchup against Sen.
Christopher Dodd , announced Sunday that he would challenge the longtime Democratic senator in 2010 . ”
SPOTTED today , on the 6 a.m. Acela to NYC : Sen. Dorgan .
Do n’t attrib to me please .
WORD ON THE STREET :
The next RNC chairman will be Norm Coleman , after he loses his recount fight and big donors see Michael Steele ’s March numbers .
SCOOP – WashTimes : “ Angling for a critical Senate swing vote to pass the card check bill that would make it easier to form unions , Pennsylvania labor leaders promised Sen .
Arlen Specter that they will switch union members from the Democratic Party to the Republican Party to help him win a tough 2010 primary election . ”
DRIVING THE DAY , per the administration : President Obama and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner will join small business owners and community bank lenders at the White House to announce immediate action to ensure that credit — the lifeblood of America ’s small businesses and its economy — gets flowing again to entrepreneurs and business owners .
This marks yet another critical step in implementing the Administration ’s Financial Stability Plan .
Expect details of a new and aggressive effort to unlock the frozen credit markets for small business lending , new reporting requirements on bank lending to small businesses , and plans to temporarily eliminate Small Business Administration loan fees and increase guarantees through Recovery Act funding .
Look for the measures to include : Beginning today , any lender who participates in the 7 ( a ) program can request a guarantee from the SBA of up to 90 percent for each loan .
On any new 504 applications submitted beginning today , SBA will eliminate fees charged to lenders and processing fees charged to borrowers .
And for any new 7 ( a ) loan , the SBA will temporarily eliminate the up - front fees that lenders pass along to borrowers .
POLITICO ’s Carrie Budoff Brown : “ The plan … is a way for Obama to show that his economic recovery is n't just for the financial titans like Citigroup and AIG , but for Main Street as well .
…
Whenever Republican criticize Obama 's tax - hike plans , the group they push front - and - center as bearing the brunt is small - business owners . ”
AP ’s Hope Yen : “ In the coming weeks , the SBA will unveil additional initiatives . ”
FIRST FUNDRAISER BY OBAMA AS PRESIDENT -- Bloomberg ’s Hans Nichols and Jonathan D. Salant , “ Obama to Test Fundraising Skills Amid ‘ Donor Fatigue , ’ Crisis ” : “ Obama ’s appearance at the Democratic National Committee ’s March 25 event at the Warner Theatre in Washington , with tickets ranging from $ 100 to $ 2,500 per person , will be an early test of his ability to keep up the record - breaking fundraising he achieved during the campaign . ”
E-MAIL OF THE DAY , about Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on “ 60 Minutes ” last night , from a Wall Street insider : “ The simple fact that the interview was done for the first time in 96 years says something about how serious this is .
My inference is that Bernanke is trying to ‘ humanize ’ himself and ingratiate himself with the American public so he can win the showdown with Larry Summers .
Bernanke 's term is up in early 2010 and Summers is the current favorites to take Bernanke 's job .
Ben is fighting back with his own PR campaign .
On the economic side , [ Scott Pelley ] asked him point blank if any banks were insolvent .
His voice cracked when he said ‘ no ’ …
My inference is that the banks are certainly insolvent and he just can't admit it .
He did not rule out nationalization ; just said they would try to avoid it if they could ; nothing new there .
It 's was more interesting for what was not said .
There 's still no exit strategy .
No detail on the bank rescue .
No private equity on the horizon . ”
ONLINE @ NOON TODAY : Tom Ricks , author of " Fiasco , " will answer questions about his new book , " The Gamble : Gen. David Petraeus and the American Military Adventure in Iraq , 2006 - 2008 " in a live chat in POLITICO ’s Arena , moderated by Fred Barbash .
OPERATION IRAQI FREEDOM --
On Thursday , it ’ll be six years since President Bush told the nation from the Oval Office at 10:16 p.m. : “ My fellow citizens , at this hour , American and coalition forces are in the early stages of military operations to disarm Iraq , to free its people and to defend the world from grave danger .
On my orders , coalition forces have begun striking selected targets of military importance to undermine Saddam Hussein 's ability to wage war . ”
Since then , 4,258 U.S. military members have been lost in the war .
Here ’s Modesto ( Calif . )
Bee sports columnist Ron Agostini on one of them -- Army Lt. Daniel Hyde , age 24 , killed last weekend in Iraq when his Humvee was struck by a rocket - propelled grenade :
“ The trio of Downey High football teammates sat on a bench this week at Chuck Hughes Stadium , clutching Hyde 's jersey and framed photograph , remembering their friend . …
It 's not hero worship when you 're the quarterback of an 0 - 10 football team and your friends think you 're Hercules .
It 's not hero worship when you 're the only two - term student body president in school history , a three - sport athlete armed with a 4.2 GPA .
It 's not hero worship when you graduate 23rd out of 968 at West Point . … [ I ] n the fall of 2001 , Hyde — a Downey junior — was trapped by a teenager 's curse .
He called the signals for one of the weakest football teams in school history , a band of 22 underdogs asked to trudge through a painful and thankless 10 - game gantlet .
Regardless ,
Hyde always believed the next first down would lead to victory .
He wore No. 13 , after all .
Even as the misery played out , he thought bad luck was the other team 's problem .
[ Deshon ]
Benton , a sophomore that year , was worried that he would not be accepted by the upperclassmen .
He fretted needlessly .
Hyde took him aside and said , ‘ If anyone gives you a problem , I 'll deal with it . '
Small wonder that Benton , who would become one of Downey 's best - ever running backs , idolized Hyde .
‘ He would take the worst pounding .
I felt so bad that we could n't protect him , ’ Benton said .
‘ He got up bleeding , his head busted up , and said , “ Let 's go . ”
The next day , he had a little limp .
You knew he was hurting . ’ … [ Derek ]
Cole said , ‘ He was the best leader you could ask for .
He came into the huddle with a big smile on his face no matter the score . ’ ”
SPEED READ ON THE WEEK :
1 ) PAUL BEGALA , on the plan by the White House , Obama campaign , DNC , Hill and outside groups to send a united message in support of the President ’s budget : “ One of the things that progressives did when we were in the wilderness was build up a new infrastructure -- think tanks , activist groups , P.R. machines – all of which are tuned up and ready to run .
If you add to that this dominant , remarkable new president and you ’ve got a force that progressives have not had since LBJ or maybe FDR . …
We ’re now like a team that ’s been playing basketball for a number of years :
We can do no -look passes .
There ’s a lot of things that people ascribe to careful planning that are actually not . ”
KARL ROVE , ditto : “ I think they probably have some kind of data that indicates they ’re on soft ground here when it comes to the amount of spending , the amount of deficit , the amount of taxes . …
It ’s aimed at keeping the Blue Dogs in the tent – they want to make it so toxic to support anything that Republicans might do , and it makes it difficult for the Blue Dogs to do anything but grumble and vote for it .
Second of all , I think it is aimed at trying to keep the Republicans on their back feet , politically , for 2010 . ”
2 ) The cover of The New Republic is “ SPRINGTIME for SUMMERS ? ” – “ Free Larry Summers : Why the White House needs to unshackle its economic oracle , ” by Noam Scheiber : “ As at Harvard , Summers functions on exceedingly little sleep .
( A former student told me Summers once praised his dedication after noticing he'd run a computation at 4 a .m. ; the student did n't have the heart to tell him he 'd queued it up at six the night before . )
To power through the day , Summers relies on a punishing Diet Coke regimen .
The combination of fatigue and extreme caffeine intake can produce the occasional verbal and physical tic : Summers is a chronic foot - tapper and sometimes turns over words and clauses like an engine that wo n't start .
…
Within the administration , Summers also appears to be something of a political success .
He and David Axelrod , Obama 's top political adviser , are by all accounts mutual fans -- Axelrod is regularly among the aides who prep him for Sunday talk shows .
( In an e-mail , Axelrod raves about Summers 's ability to talk ‘ about the plight of the middle class , and how most people judge the economy , not by arcane economic formulas , but by how far their paychecks go . ’) …
In July , when he was still a civilian , Summers argued in the Financial Times that the government should use its ‘ receivership power ’ over Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to wipe out holders of regular and preferred stock and certain types of bonds , ‘ conserving cash for the benefit of taxpayers . ’ …
As the financial crisis has deepened , many economists have proposed something roughly analogous for the country 's largest commercial banks .
[ Tim ] Geithner has so far resisted .
The Treasury secretary has opted instead to bolster the balance sheets of hard - up banks with capital from last fall 's bank bailout , and to provide government financing for investors interested in purchasing depressed assets . …
[ O ] ne can't help wondering if the administration might now be inching toward some version of Summers 's FT approach had he been in charge at Treasury .
( Summers declined to comment on hypotheticals . ) …
Correction :
This piece originally stated that Larry Summers is ‘ slightly below average in height . ’
We regret the error . ”
3 ) Chicago Tribune lead story , “ Cheney : Obama puts U.S. at risk : Blasts agenda on security , economy and health care , ” by Paul Richter : ‘ Former Vice President Dick Cheney said Sunday that President Barack Obama has intensified the nation ’s risk of terrorist attacks by jettisoning key elements of the Bush administration ’s aggressive approach .
The criticism came in a broad - based attack on Obama during a Sunday news program in which Cheney also disagreed with expanded White House involvement in the economy and denied that former President George W. Bush was responsible for the nation ’s financial ills .
The White House did not comment .
Cheney has sharply questioned Obama before , but the latest attempt comes amid a chorus of Republican criticism that nonetheless has had little effect on Obama ’s popularity or his success in Congress .
Cheney contended that the key elements of the Bush administration ’s approach to terrorism were ‘ absolutely essential ’ to what he described as its success in foiling subsequent attacks after Sept. 11 .
In particular , he said , it was crucial that the nation treat the fight against terrorism as a war rather than a law - enforcement issue . ”
On CNN ’s “ State of the Union , ” Cheney also told John King , in his first TV interview since leaving office :
-- On Scooter Libby : “ I was clearly not happy that we , in effect , left Scooter sort of hanging in the wind , which I did n't think was appropriate .
I think he's an innocent man who deserves a pardon . ”
-- On his new life : “ I get on the BlackBerry and get a lot there .
I also own a Kindle now , one of these electronic books .
And so I follow a lot of issues .
But that 's right .
I do n't get up at 5:00 a.m. , I do n't receive that CIA brief every morning .
On the one hand , I miss it .
I 've spent 40 years in the business , and so I 'm used to it , but this is also the fourth time I 've transitioned out of government .
I know there are good things up ahead .
I 'm enjoying spending time with my family .
-- On driving himself : “ Secret Service follows me around , but they now let me drive myself .
And it 's been a -- you know , it 's a useful exercise to go through .
After eight years , I think it 's time for me to step down and for others to take over .
And that 's a healthy thing for the nation . …
I do n't have any plans to run for office .
I also do n't have any plans to retire .
We 've got a lot of good folks out there .
I think a new generation of leaders is coming along , people like Rob Portman in Ohio , Mark Sanford in South Carolina , Eric Cantor and Paul Ryan in the House .
There are some really , really talented people in the Republican Party .
And I look forward to helping them someday if they need my help in terms of whatever I can do to see them succeed . ”
4 ) Statement from Vice President Biden's Spokesperson Elizabeth Alexander : " The vice president 's mother , Catherine Eugenia ‘ Jean ’ Biden , has been admitted to the University of Pennsylvania hospital today after a fall at her residence in Delaware .
She is currently receiving treatment and is in good spirits . "
5 ) C-SPAN marks its 30 - year anniversary on Thursday -- 30 years since C - SPAN began televising live proceedings from the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives .
During a special segment of Washington Journal , C - SPAN will report updated numbers about its audience size and political involvement of its viewers , based on the results of a new Hart Research survey , and listen to C - SPAN callers talk about what they watch and why .
One number from the survey exclusive to Playbook : 34 percent of C - SPAN viewers say they know the name of the majority leader of the U.S. Senate is Harry Reid .
6 ) Cover of FORTUNE out today – “ CAN MEG WHITMAN SAVE CALIFORNIA ? ” –
The former eBay CEO “ is eager to fight what will probably be the most expensive governor 's race in history .
When I mention that I 've heard that her campaign might cost $ 150 million to $ 200 million , she does n't bristle .
And when I ask whether she 's willing to spend , say , $ 50 million of her own money , she nods … enthusiastically …
To talk education , which accounts for half of California 's $ 100 billion annual budget , she visited former Florida governor Jeb Bush . …
Meanwhile , she 's aiming to slash the state 's workforce at least 10 % and expenses an additional $ 15 billion .
For budget - cutting expertise , she turned to her mentor [ Mitt ] Romney … HER RECORD at eBay gives clues to the kind of governor Meg Whitman would be .
She was famously hands - on . …
In the governor 's race , the one person who would probably beat her and anyone else who enters is Dianne Feinstein , the U.S. senator who has broad popularity across California .
But Feinstein , ever formidable at 75 , recently moved up to chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee .
Though she has long wanted to be governor , [ many ] people think Feinstein would be crazy to give up her powerful position in Washington . ”
7 ) ASSIGNMENT EDITORS -- Former President Bill Clinton joins former Arkansas Senators Dale Bumpers and David Pryor Friday night in Little Rock for a discussion about their years in politics together , 1974 - 2000 .
All three were Arkansas Governors .
Bumpers and Pryor were in the Senate when Clinton was elected President .
Former Clinton White House Chief of Staff Mack McLarty will moderate .
McLarty was in the Arkansas State Legislature when Bumpers was Governor and served as treasurer of Pryor 's successful gubernatorial campaign .
8 ) DAVID BOSSIE AND THE SUPREMES – WashPost ’s Robert Barnes previews an issue coming before the High Court this week : “ ‘ Hillary : The Movie ’ came and went without much of a splash last year .
Reviews were not flattering , Hillary Rodham Clinton 's presidential campaign waned and one devastating critique made sure that the scalding documentary would never become a blockbuster hit .
It came from a panel of judges in Washington that said ‘ H:TM ’ was not really a movie at all .
The court sided with the Federal Election Commission and said the film was a 90 - minute campaign ad …
As such , the film produced by conservative activists at Citizens United fell under the tangle of broadcast and advertising restrictions in the McCain - Feingold campaign finance law that dictate how and when the movie can be shown and advertised . … [ T ] hat meant Citizens United could show ‘ H :TM ’ in theaters and sell it on DVDs , but promoting it through its planned advertising campaign was restricted .
And the prohibitions on broadcast just before an election doomed the group 's hope of paying $ 1.2 million to have the movie available on cable systems around the country via video - on - demand services .
…
Theodore B. Olson , the Bush administration solicitor general … is representing Citizens United . ”
SPORTS BLINK – Bloomberg News : “ The University of North Carolina , which received a No. 1 seed for the fifth straight year , is favored by Las Vegas oddsmakers to win the men's college basketball championship for a fifth time .
The Tar Heels ( 28 - 4 ) enter the National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament as 2 - 1 favorites to win the title on April 6 in Detroit , according to Las Vegas Sports Consultants , which advises Nevada sports books on betting lines .
…
Pittsburgh , which has a No. 1 seed for the first time in school history , has odds of 4 - 1 to win the tournament , according to Las Vegas Sports Consultants .
Louisville , given the No. 1 overall seed in the tournament by the NCAA selection committee , is the third favorite at 9 - 2 , followed by Connecticut at 5 - 1. RJ
Bell , president of the handicapping information website Pregame.com , estimates that more than $ 12 billion will be wagered on the 64 games of the NCAA tournament .
It starts with tomorrow 's play - in game in Dayton , Ohio , and culminates with the Final Four at Detroit 's Ford Field on April 4 and 6 . …
“ Not all Las Vegas sports books have North Carolina as the favorite to add to its 1957 , 1982 , 1993 and 2005 titles .
Jay Rood of the MGM Mirage and Sports Book in Las Vegas prefers the overall strength of the Big East Conference , which grabbed three of the four No. 1 seeds , and said North Carolina may be hurt by a foot injury that kept Lawson out for two games in the Atlantic Coast Conference tournament .
Pittsburgh and Louisville are 4 - 1 co-favorites at the MGM Mirage , while North Carolina is next at 5 - 1 . ”
DESSERT – POLITICO ’s Anne Schroeder Mullins , “ Gridiron singed by Obama no - show ” : “ President Barack Obama deciding that he is too busy to attend the Gridiron ’s annual banquet later this month is a slap .
He ’s the first president since Grover Cleveland to skip the white - tie - and - tails affair in his first year in office .
…
Beyond bruised feelings among the pundit class , Obama ’s snub is a revealing cultural moment .
Gridiron has for decades been an inner sanctum of Washington ’s political press corps .
The club ’s mostly aging members were considered highly prestigious because they said so — and because they had the ability to summon the capital ’s political elite to a spring frolic of skits and songs .
But if a young and glamorous president decides he can afford to blow off an august and tradition - bound institution , one has to at least entertain the possibility that this institution may not be quite as august as its members assumed . …
At first , Gridiron members heard through back channels that the Obama family would be in Chicago during the Obama daughters ’ spring break from school .
Then , on Friday , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said at his daily briefing that the family would actually be in Camp David on March 21 , the night of the dinner .
…
Jay Carney of Vice President Joe Biden ’s office sent an e-mail to one of the club ’s officers , indicating that Biden would be filling in for Obama . ”
Follow us on Twitter Anna Palmer @apalmerdc
Jake Sherman @JakeSherman
Selling CDs at $ 12 a pop is quickly becoming an untenable business model .
Digital downloads , while significant and growing rapidly , do n't make up for the CD 's decline .
Things have gotten so bad in the music industry that people have begun to wonder whether selling recorded music will even be a viable business model a decade from now or whether music will become nothing more than a promotional item used to sell concert tickets , band T - shirts , and copies of Guitar Hero .
The music industry recognizes that the times , they are a -changing , but even those open to generous blanket licensing schemes are n't interested in just giving the stuff away gratis .
A new report called " Let's Sell Recorded Music ! " highlights the possibilities — and the pitfalls — of creating legal services that can compete with free while still bringing in the cash .
Blanket licensing to the rescue
The report arises from a series of meetings that MusicTank hosted last fall in the UK .
ISPs , record labels , collecting societies , and others came together not to talk about P2P enforcement or copyright education , but about how they could create compelling legal alternatives .
The consensus ?
It 's all about subscriptions .
Subscription services have largely failed to take off , in large part due to DRM , which means that no plan works well on the most popular player on the planet , the iPod .
Listening only to streaming music on one 's computer is nice , but free services like Pandora and Last.fm have kept subscriber numbers low at the big subscription sites .
But the music industry industry seems to believe that a more open subscription model will be the norm in the future .
The details of how this will work , who will bill the end - user , the sorts of restrictions that will be applied — all this remains to be worked out , but the idea of a flat fee payment for access to ( nearly ) all recorded music has won the conceptual war .
Ad - supported streaming and paid single downloads will continue to exist , but neither model seems able to change the behavior of music lovers who have grown up using P2P to discover new tunes .
The most radical of such schemes would see some kind of monthly payment made in exchange for total access to music .
Those who pay could legally use any ISP and any P2P network to share music legally , with the money being split up among artists based on the popularity of their music .
Such a system provides little incentive for ISPs to get involved in offering music services , and many of the ISPs would like to do so as a way of distinguishing their service from that of rivals .
Such services would add a bill directly to each month 's Internet access charge — potentially a much easier sell to consumers than signing up for an entirely new billing service — but would only allow access to music through that particular ISP , which would likely roll out some sort of service of its own to provide the songs .
In the US , Warner Music is exploring a new system called Choruss that refines the idea a bit further , focusing first only on the university market .
Problems remain
These sorts of license schemes might save the major labels , but they are n't without problems of their own .
For one thing , how will downloaders know what 's covered by the license ?
This is especially true for a broad collective license that allows downloads from any service through any ISP .
Unless the government makes the scheme mandatory , there will undoubtably be some small labels that abstain ; sharing their music would still be illegal .
And what about the other content on P2P networks , like concert bootlegs , mashups , unreleased albums , studio outtakes , etc .
Even with every label in the world on board , this material would be a licensing nightmare .
Consumers might be told they can download " whatever they want , " but P2P networks will still be full of material that the labels do n't have the rights to license .
And how does the collection authority divide up the cash to artists when a hot new mashup melds bits of twenty different tracks ?
P2P networks may carry everything , but titles can be confusing , encoding can be bad , bit rate can be low .
Artists and labels alike may cringe at encouraging users to download their work from sites that also offer cracked video games and porn , but an ISP - controlled system would be unlikely to carry the full range of material found on file - sharing sites .
Finally , there 's the data problem ; money can't be distributed fairly to artists without good metrics about who is listening to what .
This can be partially solved by ISP gear that analyzes P2P transfers taking place across the network , but downloading music turns out to be a very bad proxy for knowing how often music is actually played .
Most songs are downloaded as a sample , played once or twice , then deleted or rarely heard again .
Distributing the cash fairly would require knowing how much people actually listen to specific tracks , which means software embedded in players or on users ' machines .
And how many consumers are going to be excited about this ?
Not quite dead
Despite the problems facing the business , the MusicTank report remains bullish on extracting revenue directly from recorded music in the future .
" Indeed , the fact that despite all this , so many people do pay for downloads is heartening and suggests that by experimenting with different types of services and pricing structures and making more content available in a wider range of formats and quality — as iTunes has begun to do — the recordings business can guarantee itself a healthy future , " it says .
A consultancy called Detica also offers hope for bringing music lovers out of the cold and into the warmth of legality .
The company believes in a " 10:80:10 : principle in which " 10 percent of all consumers will always opt for the legal , licensed option , and 10 percent will always prefer the unlicensed alternative .
That leaves the vast majority up for grabs — if they can just be presented with a compelling alternative . "
As for the artists themselves , more are indicating their own desire to stop suing fans .
The issue is complicated by the fact that artists make revenue from touring and merchandise even when the music is free , but music labels often get no percentage of this money ( except under the new " 360 " deals that many artists are being asked to sign now ) , but the artists are at last starting to organize .
Yesterday , the Featured Artists Coalition held its first meeting in London , and it demanded that artists have more control over their own works and how they are used .
The group 's leaders also asked labels to stop suing the fans , though they do want more money from companies that use music , such as YouTube and MySpace .
" I do n't know how long I fought for , " he says , his eyes , cold at first , becoming listless and blank as he tells his story .
The horrors of his life will be there to haunt him for years to come .
" All I know is that my hair was about eight inches long by the time I left .
Any time we were going to the front line we would feel afraid , would want to run away .
But you could n't .
The only time I was happy was when I was shooting .
But I still have my bullet wounds and I still limp . "
Hollywood is trying to tug at your heartstrings over illegal immigration .
Again .
Last year ’s Oscar - nominated film , The Visitor , told the emotional tale of an illegal immigrant chased from his home despite the protestations of an aged college professor .
And now we have Crossing Over , the new Crash - like drama about a disparate group of illegal immigrants trying to make a home in the U.S.
Or , as the film ’s creators might call them , undocumented workers .
But while The Visitor tells a compelling story with its messages neatly interwoven into the narrative , Crossing Over wears its intentions all over its sleeve , jacket , and trousers .
The main story involves Max Brogan ( Harrison Ford ) , a disgruntled immigration officer who does n’t relish breaking into sweatshops and carting off illegals .
During one raid he takes pity on a Mexican mom ( Alice Braga ) who fears her capture will leave her son alone and unprotected .
So Brogan tends to the child himself , a noble effort but one undermined by the lack of depth given to Ford ’s character .
Just what drives
Max to work as an immigration official by day and then attempt to undo that damage at night and on weekends ?
The Mexican immigrant is n’t the only illegal featured here .
The story also introduces us to Claire ( Alice Eve ) , an Australian actress looking to follow in the footsteps of Nicole Kidman and Naomi Watts .
But when her green card paperwork gets lost in a bureaucratic haze , she luckily crashes her car into Cole Franklin ’s ( Ray Liotta ) .
Franklin just happens to work on immigration cases .
He can make her green card a reality if she becomes his sexual concubine for two months .
Claire also has a boyfriend , a sensitive singer - songwriter ( Jim Sturgess ) , who is doing his own illegal maneuvering to stay in the country .
He ’s pretending to be a Jewish scholar in order to fast track his green card status .
It ’s the most original plot line in the film , even if it makes as little sense as the other sob stories .
And Cole is married to Denise ( Ashley Judd ) , an immigration defense lawyer .
When she ’s not looking like she cares for the downtrodden more than anyone else on earth , Judd is paying visits to a young African girl waiting to find a foster family .
There ’s also Brogan ’s partner , Hamid ( Cliff Curtis , supplying the film ‘s most natural performance ) , an Iranian - American whose parents are about to take the citizenship oath .
And then there are two Korean brothers also on the fast track to citizenship , although they do n’t appear to take that honor seriously .
Crossing
Over asks us to embrace these hard - luck immigrants , warts and all .
All they want is their shot at the American dream .
But it ‘s hard to rally around these fledgling citizens .
Just try identifying with Bangladeshi teen Taslima ( Summer Bishil of Towelhead ) , who defends the 9/11 hijackers during an incendiary speech at her high school .
That nasty bit of business is leaked , and suddenly FBI agents swarm her home and learn she ’s not in the country legally .
Boohoo , even though the case built against her is wafer thin .
Like Crash , Crossing
Over ca n’t help but entertain for short stretches .
It ’s hard not to be taken in by the melodrama , even if one out of every two notes rings false .
And bravo to Ford for taking a smaller role in an independent feature .
It ’s exactly the right path he should follow , since the mainstream movies offered to him lately barely tap his potential .
However , this character is also beneath Ford , and he can’t give Brogan a life beyond the stilted script .
He ’s too quiet and reflective , without us sensing there ’s something deeper at play here .
It ’s a problem the erstwhile Indiana Jones has had of late , underplaying to the point of drowsiness .
Maybe Ford should go the Al Pacino route at this point in his career , over - emoting until the cords in his neck stand out .
At least we ’ll know he ’s on screen .
Crossing
Over is rarely content to let each scene breathe .
Instead , the emotions are ratcheted up beyond realistic expectations .
That ’s particularly galling during a liquor store hold - up that awkwardly segues into a speech about what an honor it is to be a U.S. citizen .
Deep down , Crossing Over loves America as much as Sean Hannity , for the freedoms it offers its citizens and its noble principles .
But it ’s hard to say how scrapping the current immigration policies will help .
How can any nation , even one as great as the U.S. , support a massive influx of immigrants with no checks or balances ?
The film has no easy solutions , although it ends with a twist that inadvertently undermines its narrative .
The surprise reminds us that some cultures may not blend smoothly with the American way of life .
All the more reason to embrace a sane immigration policy , not open borders .
Spain set a new record for wind power generation yesterday as gales blew across the country , with more than 40 % of the country 's energy needs being covered by wind turbines at one stage .
The peak of 11,180 mw of electricity supply came mid-morning yesterday , as fierce winds swept across much of north - west Spain , where most of the country 's extensive wind farms are situated .
That covered 29 % of Spain 's energy needs at the time .
The percentage had been even higher , reaching above 40 % for several hours , earlier in the morning when demand for electricity was lower .
Spain 's Wind Energy Association said at the moment of peak production , the country 's turbines were working at 69 % of their maximum theoretical potential .
Wind energy alone has covered 11.5 % of demand so far this year , with production up by a third on last year .
The figures came as the World Wildlife Fund praised Spain 's rapid move into renewable energies .
These provided 31 % of total electricity supply in Spain in February , partly thanks to heavy rainfall that increased hydroelectric production .
Together with a fall in demand over the past year , that meant a 38 % reduction in CO² emissions compared with 2008 .
WWF praised Spain 's efforts to develop renewable energy over the past 12 years .
It said it was now on target to produce 30 % of annual demand for electricity from renewable sources by next year .
" This shows that Spain 's commitment to renewable energies is paying off , " said Heikki Willstedt of WWF .
" This advance has been possible thanks to both the legislative and financial support received . "
He also said that Spain should be able to cover half its energy needs with renewables by 2020 if it maintains its current enthusiasm .
Yesterday Barclays may have won on a point of law .
But it can not run away from the wider point of principle : now our whole banking system relies on the support of British taxpayers , how the banks run their business is our business , too .
So long as these banks are sustained by explicit or implicit Treasury guarantees , they have no right to deprive the Treasury of money by running circles round the taxman .
The era of industrial - scale tax avoidance by British banks must now end .
That is the point I made to John Varley , Barclay 's chief executive , in a meeting earlier this week .
Varley explained that one of his primary duties is to Barclays ' shareholders – that minimising the tax burden and maximising the returns of a business is what chief executives are expected to do .
This approach assumes that the only banks that have a duty to take instructions from government are those like RBS and Lloyds , in which the government is the majority shareholder .
I disagree .
We , as taxpayers , now support all our major banks with explicit and implicit guarantees .
All our banking giants , even those in which the government has not taken an ownership stake , depend implicitly on the government 's guarantee that they are " too big to fail " .
And as Barclays continues negotiations to enter into the government 's asset protection scheme , it is taxpayers who will be providing unlimited guarantees for its bad debts .
It is intolerable that taxpayers are being asked to pour money into our banks through the front door while those same banks squirrel away money through the back door .
Clamping down on tax avoidance is central to what must be a wholesale shift in our tax system : close the multibillion - pound loopholes that only benefit big business and wealthy individuals , and use every penny of the revenue raised to lower taxes for people on low and middle incomes .
That , of course , can only be done by government .
Varley and his colleagues may deserve plenty of criticism , but they can't be held responsible for the grossly unfair tax system developed over years under both the Conservatives and Labour .
The present government 's record on tackling tax avoidance has been both halfhearted and inept .
The opacity and secrecy reinforced by Barclay 's gagging order is a blow to the overstretched and under - resourced staff at HMRC who struggle to take on highly paid corporate legal and accountancy teams .
Against these odds , HMRC looks like a hapless rodent in a one - sided game of cat and mouse .
Lost in the maze of Gordon Brown 's absurdly complex tax system , they do n't stand a chance .
But improving transparency alone will not be enough .
The government must start changing the rules of the game .
For a start , it must make clear that until the banks come clean and shut down all their tax avoidance operations they will not benefit from a penny of public money .
That goes for the banks we now own , and those such as Barclays seeking to offload their bad debt in the state 's asset protection scheme .
It is mind - boggling that the government has n't made this a term of its various bank bailout packages .
And it 's ludicrous that Brown has now meekly proposed a voluntary code that gently requests banks pay their taxes in full .
This limp - wristed appeal to the banks ' better nature demonstrates naivety and a lack of self - confidence in equal measure .
If Brown wants to be taken seriously when he calls on the G20 to outlaw tax havens , he 's going to have to deal with the tax avoidance happening right under his nose .
Saving the world , after all , must start at home .
For legal reasons , comments are not enabled on this article .
To comment on the Barclays injunction please go to our editorial on the subject , which has a pre-moderated thread
The golden triangle is the name given to the tourist route covering the three most popular cities of India – New Delhi , Agra , and Jaipur .
The location of these cities forms the shape of a triangle ; hence the name .
All three cities have a rich historic past .
The ancient monuments of Delhi , the magnificent fortresses of the pink - city Jaipur , and the marble Taj Mahal of Agra can be covered in a visit because of several tour operators who arrange for packages by air and road , all year through .
If you prefer to visit the iconic cities in style , choose to board the ‘ Palace on Wheels ’ luxury train .
Hope you found this article informative !
Do check out “ Activities That Will Spice Your Vacation in Rajasthan ”
About This Blog
For months the authors of this blog debated current events and politics via email .
This blog is a medium to publish those debates with the intent to engage others and incite thoughtful and productive debate .
The posts are in chronological order , so the most recent post will be a response to a previous one .
You can use the archive below to read the debates in chronological order or join in at any point that interests you by selecting from the topics above .
We have infinitely more to learn from someone with whom we disagree than from someone with whom we share a point of view .
It is with this goal in mind that we invite others to join the discussion .
Please note : anything in block quotes has been quoted either from an outside source or from a previous message .
( Reuters ) - Citigroup said Red Hat Inc RHT.N , which posted strong quarterly results on Wednesday , is a potential takeover target as the Linux software maker 's strategy attracts the attention of larger technology firms .
Citigroup and RBC Capital raised their price targets on Red Hat , which also forecast full - year results in line with market estimates .
“ We believe Red Hat is a tempting acquisition target , ” Citigroup analyst Brent Thill wrote in a note to clients .
“ Red Hat noted strength in customers converting from free Linux to paid - for subscriptions ... as well as a broader adoption of the higher - priced Red Hat stack , ” Thill , who kept a “ hold ” rating on the stock , said .
The software maker has started a “ free - to - pay ” marketing campaign to persuade businesses that they would save money by subscribing to its services because they would not have to hire as many Linux programmers .
“ As Red Hat continues to gain more success on its overall stack adoption ... there is no question that the larger technology vendors are paying attention to Red Hat ’s strategy , ” said Thill , who raised his price target on the stock to $ 17 from $ 16 .
RBC Capital Markets analyst Robert Breza said strength in the quarter was driven by strong growth across all products and geographies .
Breza raised his price target on shares of Red Hat -- whose rivals include Novell Inc NOVL.O and Microsoft Corp MSFT.O -- to $ 18 from $ 16 and maintained a " sector perform " rating .
Shares of the Raleigh , North Carolina - based company were trading up 18 percent at $ 17.69 Thursday morning on the New York Stock Exchange .
But having spent lots of time around politicians and their officials , I know the vast majority are n't particularly clever .
Many also hope that one day , in their dotage , the call will come and they too will get to sit in a City boardroom , pretending to understand what 's going on , hawking a few " high - level contacts " in return for a nice fat wad .
If Tony Blair can do it , why can't they ?
As long as the money men are kept onside .
Posted on 02 March 2009 by Quaid
It ’s tough to make it to the theater .
The prices keep rising , it ’s harder and harder to get tickets before they sell out , and the crowds and lines make us all wonder whether it ’s worth it or not .
Not to mention the absolute truism that we will all end up sitting in front of a cell - phone - giggling teenager or crying baby .
It seems to be a much better idea , sometimes , to just wait for video .
If you have a half - decent audio / video system , the couch is much more comfortable , and if you have a family of four the cost of a DVD rental is very attractive .
I ’m with you .
I do love the theaters , but I can go at midnight on a thursday if I want and avoid the crowds .
I can try and scam free tickets for an upcoming release .
For all you out there with families and real - lives , I get it .
But if you love movies , it ’s time to make an exception for Coraline .
In an entertainment world where every studio tries to sell each big - budget blockbuster as a must - see - in - theaters experience , the quiet Coraline actually lives up to the hype .
It ’s not important to see it on the big screen because it ’s so action packed , so loud , and so large .
No , you have to see it in 3 D at your local cinema because of its quiet artistry , its attention to detail , and its breathtaking ability to draw you seamlessly into a world that is as real as this one .
A world that really exists , built , frame by frame , by a group of unbelievably talented artists pushing the technological limits of a medium that everyone told them was dead .
I ’m a generally cynical moviegoer .
I love movies .
I let myself get engrossed in them , but at the end of the day I see them as entertainment .
I can never ignore the politics , the plot formulas , the huge paychecks , and the dumb spectacle .
I love it all , to be sure , but it usually feels like entertainment and little more .
Even Oscar worthy films usually fail to reach the realm of high art .
That is what Coraline is , though .
You walk in expecting to see an animated family film , but you get what can only be described as an uncompromising work of art–with a classic storytelling sense and a timeless feel .
I was surprised , to be honest .
I liked The Nightmare Before Christmas and was disappointed by The Corpse Bride .
They felt a bit obvious and juvenile .
Tim Burton ’s signature style was exaggerated , and both of those films felt very pleased with themselves for being dark and creepy .
With Coraline , the creepiness comes from the themes and events , and the tone comes from the amazing production and character design .
While Nightmare felt like it started with style and developed characters and story around that , Coraline begins with a world and the people in it .
Everything then develops organically .
The story follows a young girl who is drawn into a world where everything is just a little better .
It soon becomes apparent , though , that this dream world is a shallow facade which hides sinister intentions and a classic screen monster .
We fall in love with Coraline .
She is a strong , free - spirited character whose unhappiness is never overtly expressed .
Coraline rarely complains , never cries , and seems up to whatever challenge is put before her…even venturing back into her nightmare world to rescue her parents and the souls of those children less fortunate than herself .
The story , though , is only a third of this movie ’s greatness .
The rest comes from the most lush , vivid , and perfectly realized world I can remember seeing in a film .
Period .
Stop-motion animation lent more to this film than I ever thought possible .
The dust on windshields , the shadows in corners , the depth of field … all of it feels slightly more real , less perfect , than in a fully CG world .
When the fantastical elements take over , it ’s hard to breathe .
There is a massive garden with dancing flowers of every variety , a mouse circus filled with intricate formations , and a vaudeville extravaganza complete with a massive audience of dogs , each one hand - animated individually .
This film was carefully sculpted over the course of four years and shot with special stereoscopic cameras to create a 3D event that we have truly never seen .
Think about that .
FOUR YEARS .
Four years posing characters and designing worlds and bringing it all to life with a technical precision that would rival the next space shuttle mission .
This movie was filmed with love by people who care deeply about their craft .
They are n’t interested in just entertaining you .
They want to give you something you ’ve never seen before … a finished product filled with lush visuals and sweeping scope and layered with meaning and emotion , all in the guise of a simple children ’s film .
If you have n’t seen this one , please do .
And you have to hurry … with Jonas Brothers stealing all the prime digital 3D theater real - estate , it might already be too late .
If you miss this , though , or if you decide to wait for video , I guarantee you wo n’t be watching the same film .
When Hollywood manages to allow a group of true artists the freedom to make this kind of film , we owe it to all involved to see it as it was meant to be seen .
The United States Marine Corps Officer Selection Office in downtown Berkeley came under attack once again Wednesday night when a group of vandals broke the building ’s windows with sledgehammers and splashed them with red paint .
Officers at the recruiting center at 64 Shattuck Square were not able to say whether the incident was related to protests taking place throughout the rest of the country on the eve of the sixth anniversary of the Iraq war .
Berkeley Police Department spokesperson Officer Andrew Frankel said the police received a call at 8:54 p.m.
Wednesday from an eyewitness who reported that three suspects were breaking the Marine Corps office ’s plate - glass windows and splashing them with red paint .
Eyewitnesses saw the suspects leave the scene immediately after the crime , Frankel said .
Berkeley police officers combed the neighborhood for suspects and talked to eyewitnesses but were unable to find the culprits .
However , an hour later , police officers arrested a man on an unrelated warrant who they consider a “ person of interest ” in the incident .
Frankel said the man was a Berkeley resident but declined to release his name and age , as the incident is still under investigation .
Captain John - Paul Wheatcroft , who has been in charge of the Marine recruiting center since Captain Richard Lund left about a year ago , confirmed that the office had been vandalized but directed all queries to Staff Sergeant Matt Deboard .
Deboard said that , according to eyewitness accounts , a group of vandals attacked the recruiting station around 8 p.m. , hitting its windows with sledgehammers and “ slopping gooey thick red paint on them . ”
He said police arrived immediately after they were called .
“ We boarded up the windows as best as we could to prevent further damage , ” he said .
“ The landlord is in the process of cleaning them up .
He is paying for it . ”
Deboard said nobody was present at the office when it was vandalized .
The Berkeley Marine recruiting center was catapulted into the national and international limelight in September 2007 , when the anti-war group Code Pink first rallied outside its office in an attempt to drive the recruiters out of town .
The Marines responded that they would stay in Berkeley as long as they had a valid lease .
In January 2008 , the Berkeley City Council came under heavy criticism when it called the downtown Marines “ uninvited and unwelcome intruders . ”
The council rescinded its statement in February , explaining that while it continued to oppose the war in Iraq , it respected the men and women of the U.S. military .
Tucked into accountability provisions for the $ 878 billion stimulus is a breakthrough for medical whistleblowers .
Congress closed a legal rights loophole that has left many defenseless against a nonfiction version of Kafka ’s The Trial .
Medical peer review is intended as and often is a valuable self - policing device for the medical industry .
But it is so unstructured that it has been vulnerable to abuse .
Medical whistleblowers can not even learn the charges , witnesses or other evidence in secretly - conducted , bad faith peer reviews that too often ended their careers .
Carefully tailored provisions of new whistleblower rights for stimulus recipients allow doctors , nurses or even volunteers to challenge removal or other peer review actions taken in reprisal for whistleblowing .
Now , they have the right to defend themselves before a jury .
IAW
( Image by James Murtagh ) Details DMCA
GAP legal director Tom Devine was enthusiastic .
“ For once the fine print was written to favor accountability .
Medical whistleblowers risk their careers for the highest stakes , often with life and death consequences .
For decades , though , they have been defenseless against knee jerk harassment that ends their careers .
Corrupt hospital bureaucracies have a blank check to pack peer review panels operating in total secrecy that can and do banish at will doctors or nurses who defend patient safety at the institution ’s expense .
Now medical whistleblowers have best practice free speech rights , enforceable through full access to juries in court . ”
Devine added , “ Taxpayers and medical whistleblowers can thank Senator Claire McCaskill ( D.- MO. ) .
This free speech and accountability breakthrough will save hundreds of careers , and thousands of lives .
It only occurred , because her office took the extra effort to add accountability into every clause of the stimulus law ’s contractor whistleblower section . ”
Here ’s how the McCaskill amendment works :
The contractor provisions also cover recipients of grants or any other federal payments , and apply to anyone who performs institutional services , regardless of whether or how paid .
It is not limited to traditional employment contexts .
Section 1553 ( g ) ( 4 ) defines a covered employer to include :
( I ) the contractor , subcontractor , grantee , or recipient , as the case may be , if the contractor , subcontractor , grantee , or recipient is an employer ; and ( II ) any professional membership organization , certification or other professional body , any agent or licensee of the Federal government , or any person acting directly or indirectly in the interest of an employer receiving covered funds .... "
Congress added the specificity , since hospitals often try to avoid liability by classifying themselves as professional organizations that certify their members , not employers .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - People who sleep less than seven hours a night are three times as likely to catch a cold as their more well - rested friends and neighbours , U.S. researchers reported on Monday .
The study supports the theory that sleep is important to immune function , said Sheldon Cohen and colleagues at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh .
Volunteers who spent less time in bed , or who spent their time in bed tossing and turning instead of snoozing , were much more likely to catch a cold when viruses were dripped into their noses , they found .
People who slept longer and more soundly resisted infection better , they reported in the Archives of Internal Medicine .
“ Although sleep ’s relationship with the immune system is well - documented , this is the first evidence that even relatively minor sleep disturbances can influence the body ’s reaction to cold viruses , ” Cohen said in a statement .
“ It provides yet another reason why people should make time in their schedules to get a complete night of rest . ”
Cohen ’s team tested 153 healthy volunteers , locking them in a hotel for five days after infecting them with a cold virus .
They had been interviewed daily for the previous two weeks to get details on their sleep patterns .
They were tested for cold symptoms after the five - day lockup and had blood tests for antibodies to the virus .
The men and women who reported fewer than seven hours of sleep on average were 2.94 times more likely to develop sneezing , sore throat and other cold symptoms than those who reported getting eight or more hours of sleep each night .
Volunteers who spent less than 92 percent of their time in bed asleep were 5 1 / 2 times more likely to become ill than better sleepers , they found .
Sleep disturbance may affect immune system signalling chemicals called cytokines or histamines , the researchers said .
“ Experiments that explore the relationship between sleep and immune function often involve sleep deprivation or study subjects with sleep disorders , which are often rooted in psychiatric conditions that influence other aspects of health , ” Cohen added .
“ This research points to the role played by ordinary , real - life sleep habits in healthy persons . ”
The German school killer played Far Cry 2 the night before his murdering rampage , so expect the wider media to labour the point .
The Telegraph has reported on further evidence in the south - west Germany shootings , where 17 - year - old Tim Kretschmer killed nine pupils and three teachers at the Albertville secondary school in the town of Winnenden , north of Stuttgart ; killing three others before turning the gun on himself .
The game Counterstrike has already been mentioned in passing , which was described by the Associated Press to be a game that “ involves killing people to complete missions . ”
Now Ubisoft ’s 2008 release Far Cry 2 has been connected to the shooting .
Kretschmer reportedly spent the night before his spree playing a “ violent video game in which a heavily armed mercenary tracks down and kills an arms dealer , ” The Times explains .
Both the police and journalists have started to draw “ remarkable parallels ” between the video game and the teenager ’s rampage .
These include hijacking cars , wearing black camouflage ( do you wear this in Far Cry 2 ?
I think not ) and “ most sinister of all ” the wielding of a Beretta 92 handgun in the game ( Negative Gamer has confirmed that this gun is not in the game ) .
All of this was performed by Kretschmer himself – he fired the same Beretta handgun 112 times .
The scape - goating continues to reach epic proportions , when The Times explains that Far Cry 2 “ rewards players who shoot their victims in the head , the style of killing chosen by Kretschmer . ”
The inaccuracies and over - exaggeration is beyond infuriating .
A number of American experts ( expects Jack Thompson to arrive ) are convinced that there ’s a link between the school shootings and the violent video games Kretschmer played .
Lieutenant - Colonel Dave Grossman , a West Point psychology professor , said : “ You can see their influence in the way these school shooters aim and shoot accurately and move from one target to the next , moving through people dispassionately . ”
However , Walter Hollstein , a sociologist working with the Council of Europe , disagrees : “ It ’s nonsense to assume they turn adolescents into school shooters . ”
“ A variety of factors , such as helplessness , anger and loss of control , must come together for them to become the trigger , but the games themselves do n’t make anyone a killer . ”
Despite this intelligent rebuttal , the debate on the influence of violent video games is sure to flare up , especially in Germany where many video games are banned .
Some have pointed to another game Kretschmer played obsessively – Table Tennis .
However , I ’d personally link the shooting with a number of mental health issues , in addition to the fact that Kretschmer was very good at shooting real guns ( and not just virtual ones ) with his father owning a cabinet full of legally owned guns .
In fact , weapons were his obsession .
General Troubleshooting in Linux
Hardware
Getting ram information
cat / proc / meminfo
or if you want to get just the amount of ram you can do :
cat / proc / meminfo | head -n 1
Another fun thing to do with ram is actually open it up and take a peek .
This next command will show you all the string ( plain text ) values in ram .
sudo dd if= / dev/mem | cat | strings
Getting cpu info
Sometimes in troubleshooting we want to know what processor we are dealing with along with how much cpu is currently being used by our OS and programs .
We can do this with these two commands .
cat / proc / cpuinfo top
Check the temperature of your CPU
Keeping a computer within a safe temperature is the key to maintaining a stable system .
cat / proc/acpi/thermal_zone/THRM/temperature
List PCI and USB devices
To list all the PCI devices in your system issues the following command :
lspci
For USB use :
lsusb
Check out how much hard drive space is left
df -h
See what hard drives are currently detected
It is often times helpful to know what hard drives are connected to a system and what name was given them in the Linux directory .
This info allows us to mount the hard drive and manipulate it .
sudo fdisk -l
Installed Programs
Packages
Ever want to find all the packages that are installed on your system ?
You can find all the packages and also find out why they are on your system .
You can even determine what packages depend on them if any .
Find all installed packages
dpkg -- get - selections | less
Find out why a packages is installed and what depends on it
aptitude why packagename
Find out where the package stores all of its files
dpkg - L packagename
Kill a process
ps - A | grep ProgramName kill 7207
Miscellaneous
Go to a terminal
Ctrl +
Alt + f3 return with , Ctrl +
Alt + f7
Show all network connections
There are many great network scanners and assessment tools available for Linux but netstat is a very easy to use often a first step in troubleshooting network issues .
We will leave the rest of the network tools for a later article as there is so much to cover .
netstat
List all files that are currently open on the system
This command will allow you to see all the files that are currently open on your system .
Limiting the directory or coupling this command with grep is often useful for finding files that are still open restricting the ability to unmount a device .
Lsof will also ouput the process id or PID .
You can then kill the process using the kill command above .
lsof
Keep an eye on something for awhile
The watch command will repeat a command at a set interval ( default 2 seconds ) and output the response .
This is useful for watching directories that change , watching hard drives fill up when a lot of data is being transfered , or using it with lsusb to watch for USB devices being plugged in .
watch ls watch df -h
Find where a binary is stored and its libraries
Often times when running a cron command you want to include the absolute path to the command .
Sometimes I run scheduled PHP tasks .
This can be acomplished by using the ‘ whereis ’ command .
whereis php5
Logs
See if you have kernel boot issues
dmesg | less
For more logs just cd into the / var / log directory and start using , cat , less , tail , grep , find or any other tool to view and search .
Auto industry CEOs appeared on Capitol Hill today to ask for a $ 25 billion bailout .
At least one lawmaker believes that the CEOs should change their luxury travel habits before getting access to taxpayer funds .
Rep. Brad Sherman ( D - CA ) asked the top execs if they would be willing sell their corporate jets and travel home on commercial flights .
Sherman asked the CEOs , " I 'm going to ask you to raise your hand if you are planning to sell your jet in place now and fly back commercial . "
" Let the record show , no hands went up , " noted Sherman
MSNBC's Contessa Brewer and Mike Viqueira discussed the CEOs ' lack of response .
" I have to tell you , just listening to that is awkward , " said Brewer .
Representative Steve Austria ( R - OH ) has the skinny on FDR : the man was a time - travelling socialist .
" When ( President Franklin ) Roosevelt did this , he put our country into a Great Depression , " Austria said .
" He tried to borrow and spend , he tried to use the Keynesian approach , and our country ended up in a Great Depression .
That 's just history . "
Most historians date the beginning of the Great Depression at or shortly after the stock - market crash of 1929 ; Roosevelt took office in 1933 .
Now that we all have our beta copies of Windows 7 to play with , Ars thought it was time to take Vista 's successor for a spin on the Apple side of the street .
After all , it is n't every day that recent switchers and established users get to ( legitimately ) try out a copy of Windows for free , so we burned a couple of ISOs and got to work .
We covered all the major bases for our experiment , and just to keep things interesting , we worked on a unibody MacBook with those multi- touch trackpads that do n't even play well with Vista yet .
We installed both 32 - bit and 64 - bit versions of Windows 7 natively in Boot Camp , then moved on to virtualization with VMware Fusion 2 and Parallels Desktop 4 just for good measure .
Overall , things went well , but since this is a beta OS that is supported by exactly zero parties involved , there were naturally some drawbacks and a few dead - ends .
We 'll run through installation procedures and best practices , and share some general tips on what to look out for .
Ultimately , we found that Windows 7 is definitely doable — even usable — on a Mac under the right circumstances , but " beta " definitely means beta for now .
Boot Camp
It goes without saying that Boot Camp provides the best experience for running Windows on a Mac , so we started there .
Apple offers full hardware and video support for XP and Vista via prepackaged drivers , so we told both the 32 - bit and 64 - bit Windows 7 versions to drop and give us 20 .
First up was the stable 32 - bit version .
Despite Apple featuring 64 - bit Core 2 Duo Intel chips across its Macs , the company still recommends and only provides drivers for the 32 - bit flavor of Windows , so c'est la vie .
If you do n't already have a Boot Camp partition set up , the Boot Camp Assistant fortunately recognizes a Windows 7 install disc ( despite specifying XP SP2 or a flavor of Vista ) .
You can use the assistant to get started and jump into rebooting from your burned Windows 7 ISO to begin the installation .
For those who are already rocking XP or Vista on a partition , like we are on our MacBook ( or on a second drive for Mac Pro owners ) , simply booting from the Windows 7 DVD to install over that partition will work fine as well .
Either way , you can proceed with installing Windows 7 like any other version of Windows .
Notably , our MacBook 's multi - touch trackpad that can cause trouble in Vista works surprisingly well during the Windows setup .
We could even mouse with one finger , leave that finger on the pad , and use our thumb to click buttons .
WiFi worked during setup , and we were able to connect to our AirPort Extreme 802.11n station running WPA2 Personal / AES encryption .
Once you are in Windows , however , a number of components , including audio and right - clicking , may not work and Windows Update will probably be powerless to help .
This is where Apple 's Boot Camp drivers and a little elbow grease can help turn your Device Manager 's frown upside down .
Drivers
To get started , toss in the Mac OS X install disc that came with your Mac ( this is the preferred option over using a retail copy of Leopard ) and run the Boot Camp installer .
Audio and two - finger right - clicking should work after restarting ( but not control - clicking ) , though two components in Device Manager on our MacBook — Coprocessor and SM Bus Controller — should still be driver - less .
You can run Windows Update , but as of this writing , there are just a couple of small updates for Windows Media player and other random essentials available , nothing particularly crucial .
Our machine seemed to perform fine with typical tasks like installing Firefox and running WMP , but a Windows Experience Index ( WEI ) of 2.9 said otherwise .
To fix any driver problems and get that WEI up to snuff , dig into your MacBook 's Mac OS X install disc ( right - click and choose " Open in New Window " ) .
For our MacBook 's two aforementioned components , we browsed to Boot CampDriversNVidia ( hat tip to this MacRumors thread ) .
As long as you have a RAR utility installed , like WINRar , extract the NVidiaChipset .exe to a location of your choice and run the Setup.exe in that folder .
After restarting , your Device Manager should report a clean set of components and your WEI should be a bit more favorable — ours is now 4.4 .
Of course , we cannot account for every Mac configuration out there with this guide , but those driver folders are probably the best place to start if you have any other driver - less components or funky behavior .
Audio on MacBooks and MacBook Pros has a tendency to stutter under Vista and Windows 7 , for example , so manually installing RealTekSetup.exe in that Drivers folder seemed to fix our problem .
Some people recommend downloading the High Definition Audio drivers directly from Realtek 's site , but that actually killed our audio , at least on this latest - generation unibody MacBook .
As usual , your mileage may vary .
From there you should be set to run Windows 7 32 - bit in Boot Camp .
A performance review is outside the scope of this piece , though we did note a few things while doing basic , everyday stuff .
On the whole , Windows 7 feels notably faster than Vista Home Premium on our MacBook , though both IE8 and Firefox got a bit crashy after installing Flash 10 .
Games seem to run better as well , as we installed Steam and noticed that Half Life 2 performs better at 800x600 and even 1024 resolutions .
Two - finger scrolling works in most apps , but not in some areas , such as file open / save dialogs .
Unfortunately , we did not have as much luck with the 64 - bit version of Windows 7 on our MacBook .
The OS installs fine , but we could not fix missing driver problems for audio , Coprocessor , and SM Bus Controller components , regardless of using Boot Camp or other manual installations .
The out - of - box experience was also pretty shaky , as applications were noticeably more prone to crashing , and bizarre visual artifacts like menu shadows would linger on screen .
Again , your mileage may vary on a different Mac .
But considering the 64 - bit - related driver and software problems of Vista , it may be better to stick with Windows 7 32 - bit for now if you 're going the Boot Camp route .
If you have a different experience , definitely do share in the comments .
This is a short post , but I think it 's important .
Let 's make it a movement .
Digg it , leave a comment , Reddit it .
Start using it .
We need a word that says " I know tech " when you 're on the phone with tech support , you 'd just say " Fizzbin " and they 'd know .
I hate that 5 minute to 5 hour long " ramp up " when I 'm on the phone with any kind of technical support as they realize that we both know what we 're doing .
Or at least , one of us does .
" So , click the start menu ... type C M D and press enter .
Tell what you see ? "
I propose that " Fizzbin " skips that first hour .
I do n't like feeling like it 's an ego thing .
I do n't want to have to say , " Hey , I kind of know this stuff , can we kick it up a notch ? "
I do n't like explaining that YES , I 've checked the cable , and YES , I have tried resetting the modem .
I 'd like my tech support experience to go like this :
" Hi , Internet Tech Support ... what 's your issue ? " " Fizzbin . "
" You have an IP ? " " No .
Your DHCP is n't passing out IPs .
Am I banned ? "
" Looks like your MAC is xxxx , you 've been running a torrent ? "
" Yes , I 'll stop . " " Cool .
You 're un -banned .
Fizzbin . "
" Sweet .
Catch you later . "
Fizzbin .
It 's like pressing " 0 " at the automated teller prompt , but for geeks .
Medicine and health are among the most popular topics for Web surfers , but an Internet entrepreneur , James Currier , says the current offerings are inadequate .
He ’s developed Medpedia , a free online medical encyclopedia that is going live Tuesday , to address what he views as the sector ’s shortcomings .
However , unlike Wookieepedia , Lostpedia and most social encyclopedias , Medpedia has limitations on submissions .
Only trained professionals will be able to write and edit pages on the Web site , and all contributors will have individual author pages detailing their qualifications and backgrounds .
“ We have n’t yet brought the basic Web 2.0 infrastructure to the medical industry , ” Mr. Currier said .
“ Medicine is one of the least developed areas of the Internet , but could be the most transformed by it . ”
A plethora of Web sites like WebMD , MayoClinic.com , Healthline and Revolution Health already exist to help consumers decipher their symptoms , read about their diseases and learn about treatment options .
Mr. Currier is aiming to build the most complete database of information from medical professionals and combine it with forums for consumers and patients to share treatment stories , raise questions and directly engage with the physicians editing Medpedia ’s content .
So far , the project has garnered some significant support from the medical community .
Mr. Currier said Harvard Medical School , the National Health Service in England , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and the School of Public Health at the University of California , Berkeley , are among the medical organizations that have donated more than 7,000 pages of content to Medpedia .
Some institutions , including the N.H.S. , the American Heart Association and the University of Michigan Medical School , will encourage staff and faculty members to contribute to Medpedia .
Before Medpedia , Mr. Currier worked with Harvard professors to found Tickle.com .
Tickle provided Web - based self - assessment tests in personality , sex and career topics and was sold to Monster.com in 2004 .
Mr. Currier , who is currently the chief executive and founder of a San Francisco technology incubator , Ooga Labs , is financing the development of Medpedia himself .
He has high hopes for the potential of the service to revitalize attitudes toward health care .
Patients need to take more active roles in the health care process , he said , which is why he wants to eventually add procedural guides to help patients prepare for surgeries and treatments , recommended questions for patients to ask their doctors , average procedural costs and informational videos .
Medpedia will also contain debate pages housed separately from the neutral information pages .
That way , physicians can engage in academic dialogues about hot issues such as whether or not local drinking water should be supplemented with folic acid .
“ The need for medical literacy is only increasing , ” Mr. Currier said .
Medpedia could also play a role in revamping the physician referral system .
The site has a built - in social networking directory modeled after LinkedIn for medical professionals to help patients get a broader view of specialists in their geographical areas .
Medpedia ’s approach will be appealing to the new crop of doctors finishing their residencies , who have grown up on the Internet and are used to communicating this way , he said .
“ They ’re going to get credit for it and get recognized in an international medical community for their contributions , ” he said .
“ It can also be used as a platform for publishing journals –- this will be the place to put out information and knowledge . ”
10 ) “ Do n’t wait up , honey ; I ’m spending a bromantic night with Brody Jenner . ”
9 ) “ Uhhh , Valentine ’s Day is in February this year ? ”
8 ) “ We ’re having dinner at my place because I ’m under house arrest for a $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme . ”
7 ) “ Please uncuff me . ”
6 ) “ I do n’t know about you , but I ’m sitting on my ass watching ‘ Knight Rider . ’ ”
5 ) “ Tonight instead of not having sex , let ’s not have sex twice . ”
4 ) “ Dear God – You look nothing like your Facebook photo . ”
3 ) “ Man , I thought my last boyfriend was hairy . ”
2 ) “ Make it quick , I want to catch Leno ’s monologue . ”
Videogames | Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Mar 19 , 2009 in Animation
Here ’s the latest trailer for Suzumiya Haruhi no Chokuretsu ( also known as The Series of Haruhi Suzumiya ) which is being produced by Sega for the Nintendo DS and due for release on March 26 , 2009 .
Here are some screenshots from the game :
Although what caught my eye the most are some of the goodies that are included withe the game like this special SOS traveling case for you Nintendo DS :
Secret Police Report Slams Supporters of Paul , Baldwin , Barr By Mark Anderson Reminiscent of when the Clinton administration in the 1990s stepped up efforts to portray those within the freedom movement as being “ ideational conspirators ” whose beliefs could be on par with foreign terrorists and / or potential domestic criminals , the Missouri Information Analysis Center is a newer initiative that seems to harbor the same assumptions but lists names in such a way that it opens itself up to potential charges of libel and slander .
Former Constitution Party presidential candidate Chuck Baldwin —a Christian pastor and writer who himself is implicated in the MIAC ’s special report as representing a “ threat ” to law enforcement — wrote the following :
“ Thanks to a concerned Missouri state policeman , a nationally syndicated radio talk show host stated that he was alerted . . . to a secret Missouri state police report that categorized supporters of Congressman Ron Paul , Bob Barr , and myself as ‘ militia influenced terrorists . ’ ”
The report , Baldwin continued , “ instructs the Missouri police to be on the lookout for supporters displaying bumper stickers and other paraphernalia associated with the Constitutional , Campaign for Liberty , and Libertarian parties . ”
Baldwin ran for president in 2008 and eventually was backed by Rep.
Paul after Paul , disgusted with the two dominant political parties , dropped out as a GOP presidential contender , having shook up the political order with his liberty - minded candidacy and bold statements on nationally televised debates .
This MIAC report focuses on the so - called “ militia movement ” and “ conflates it with supporters of Ron Paul , Chuck Baldwin , Bob Barr , the so - called patriot movement and other political activist organizations opposed to the North American Union and the New World Order , ” Baldwin goes on to say in his regular column , published at www.ChuckBaldwinlive.com.
“ According to the MIAC , opposition to world government , NAFTA , federalization of the states , and restrictive gun laws [ is ] potential threat to the police . ”
The MIAC report also refers to the late Aaron Russo ’s film , America : Freedom to Fascism , as yet another species of information alleged to signify a “ threat ” in some manner .
AMERICAN FREE PRESS has interviewed Baldwin , Paul and many of those in his movement , as well as Russo and can certify that there is nothing to these spurious allegations .
This project appears to be nothing less than political profiling by a nervous establishment that fears the American people are waking up to the devastating effects on the nation brought on by Marxist political correctness and 15 years of NAFTA — which is a major culprit in the economic downturn .
Americans in increasing numbers also are concerned about the aggressive efforts of U.S. leaders , captive to a global agenda , to merge the U.S. , Canada and Mexico into a North American Union like the European Union .
AFP and its maliciously - destroyed spiritus rector , The Spotlight , has steadily covered the efforts of hard - working Americans such as Texans Uniting for Reform and Freedom who oppose a project for the North American Union — namely the proposed Trans - Texas Corridor , or NAFTA Superhighway .
The opposition to these schemes is not and has never been violent , as citizens conduct peaceful marches , file lawsuits , attend legislative hearings and other normal channels seeking a redress of grievances and open , accountable government .
This report is not original .
During the Clinton administration , a Phoenix Federal Bureau of Investigation and Joint Terrorism Task Force explicitly designated defenders of the Constitution as “ right - wing extremists . ”
However , the “ MIAC report significantly expands on earlier documents and is the first known document to actually name names , ” Baldwin added .
The MIAC report itself is linked here : infowars.com /secret-state-police-report-ron-paul-bob-barr-chuckbaldwin-libertarians-are-terrorists/
Mark Anderson is a longtime newsman now working as a corresponding editor for American Free Press .
Together he and his wife Angie provide many photographs of the events they cover for AFP .
Mark welcomes your comments and inputs as well as story leads .
Email him at at [ email protected ] .
( Issue # 14 , April 6 , 2009 )
I do have in everyday life quite a regular habit of noticing words that are made up of other words , for no particular reason .
At its most base , I fee like little more than that old cartoon Bobby 's World , wherein an adult would say something such as , hmmm , " popcorn " and then he would imagine a creepy clown popping a baloon that looked like corn .
Meh .
I really do n't like Howie Mandel .
Contrary to that , I also get curious about the origins of words and phrases often .
Last night " upside down " gave me quite a bit of consternation .
It seems logical .
Yes , your up side has become the down side .
But is n't there a simpler way to say it ?
Inverted , I suppose .
Anyway , I 'm in talks with a great guy - by way of a great reader - to see if we can get things accomplished in terms of Charles the Raver shirts .
In unrelated news , the Fleet Foxes album is as good as everyone has been saying it is .
Good music by which to sit and stare .
Your Comments :
( Image by Unknown Owner ) Details DMCA
Newly declassified Defense Department documents describe a pattern of “ abusive ” behavior by U.S. military interrogators that appears to have caused the deaths of several suspected terrorists imprisoned at a detention center in Afghanistan in December 2002 , just two days after former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld authorized the use of " enhanced interrogation " techniques against prisoners in that country .
The previously secret pages were part of a wide - ranging report into detainee abuse in Iraq , Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay known as the Church Report , named after Vice Admiral Albert T. Church , the former Naval inspector general , who conducted the investigation at the request of Rumsfeld .
That report , released in March 2004 , said there was " no policy that condoned or authorized either abuse or torture , " which critics of the Bush administration believed was a cover-up .
But the declassified Pentagon documents , coupled with a report issued last December by the Senate Armed Services Committee , tell a different story and lend credence to claims by civil libertarians and critics of former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld that refusal to release a fully classified version of the Church Report several years ago amounted to a cover-up .
According to the declassified Church Report documents , on Dec. 4 , 2002 , a prisoner died while in U.S. custody in Afghanistan .
Six days later , another prisoner died .
Two days before the detainees were tortured and died , on Dec. 2 , 2002 , Rumsfeld authorized “ aggressive interrogation techniques , ” leading to “ interrogation policies and plans approved by senior military and civilian officials [ that ] conveyed the message that physical pressures and degradation were appropriate treatment for detainees in U.S. military custody , ” the Senate Armed Services Committee report said .
Both deaths , the documents say , " share some similarities . "
" In both cases , for example , [ the prisoners ] were handcuffed to fixed objects above their heads in order to keep them awake , " the documents say .
" Additionally , interrogations in both incidents involved the use of physical violence , including kicking , beating , and the use of " compliance blows " which involved striking the [ prisoners ] legs with the [ interrogators ] knees .
In both cases , blunt force trauma to the legs was implicated in the deaths .
In one case , a pulmonary embolism developed as a consequence of the blunt force trauma , and in the other case pre-existing coronary artery disease was complicated by the blunt force trauma . "
" In both instances , the [ detainee ] deaths followed interrogation sessions in which unauthorized techniques were allegedly employed , but in both cases , these sessions were followed by further alleged abusive behavior outside of the interrogation booth , " the declassified documents say .
“ None of these techniques have ever been approved in Afghanistan , ” according to two pages of the declassified Church report .
“ Of these , three ( marked with X ) are alleged to have been employed during interrogations .
These techniques — sleep deprivation , the use of scenarios designed to convince the detainee that death or severely painful consequences are imminent for him and / or his family , and beating are alleged to have been used in the incidents leading to the two deaths at Bagram in December 2002 , which are described at greater length later in this report . ”
Moreover , the declassified documents names a private contractor , David Passaro , who conducted at least one interrogation that allegedly led to the death of a prisoner .
Under the subhead " Migration of Interrogation Techniques , " the two - pages from the Church Report discusses an investigation undertaken by military officials to determine whether military interrogators or military police were responsible for the brutal interrogations that apparently caused the deaths of the prisoners , which the documents suggest was the case .
Following an investigation one day after a second detainee died , an Army lieutenant " prohibited several interrogation techniques implicated in the detainees ' deaths .. "
Specifically , he prohibited the practice of handcuffing as a means of enforcing sleep deprivation , hooding a detainee during questioning , and any form of physical contact used for the purpose of interrogation , " according to the two - pages from the Church Report .
" It should be noted that handcuffing as a means of enforcing sleep deprivation was never approved in any interrogation policy ; and in any event ... constituted the only interrogation guidance in Afghanistan at the time .
Although some of the measures were later reversed in the March 2004 interrogation guidance , as described previously , they do not indicate initial action was taken . "
The report goes on to say that a criminal investigation concluded in October 2004 with the recommendation that criminal charges be filed " against 28 soldiers in connection with the deaths . "
But the Bush administration officials who authorized and implemented the policies were not held accountable .
Indeed , Vice Admiral Church , who conducted the investigation , never bothered to interview then Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , who , according to published documents was responsible for implementing the brutal interrogations , because he did not believe it to be necessary .
A declassified version of Church 's report released in March 2004 said the Department of Defense " did not promulgate interrogation policies . . . that directed , sanctioned or encouraged the torture or abuse of detainees . "
In a rare display of criticism of the Bush administration , the Washington Post ’s editorial page said the Church Report was “ a blatant example of . . . Whitewashing ” aimed at protecting the most senior members of the Bush administration who approved of and implemented torture against suspected terrorists .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Stocks surged Monday , recharging the rally , after Treasury 's plan to buy up billions in bad bank assets and a better - than - expected existing home sales report raised hopes that the economy is stabilizing .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) gained 497 points , seeing its biggest one - day point gain since Nov. 21 .
The gain was equivalent to 6.8 % , which was the biggest one - day percentage gain since Oct. 28 .
The S&P 500 ( SPX ) index rose 54 points , its best one - day point gain since Nov. 13 .
The percentage gain of 7.1 % was the best since Oct. 28 .
The Nasdaq composite ( COMP ) added 99 points or 6.8 % for the best one - day point and percentage gain since Oct. 28 .
" I think the stock reaction is a vote of confidence in the plan , " said Jack Ablin , chief investment officer at Harris Private Bank .
He said the stock market is also reacting well because the plan is skewed in favor of the private investor , who only has to be responsible for around 7 % of the total in any transaction .
But other analysts were less sanguine .
" The plan is a rehash of what we 've seen before and it still does n't resolve the issue of how to value the bad assets , " said Stephen Leeb , president at Leeb Capital Management .
" There 's a lot of cash on the sidelines , there 's a real wish to believe that this is a solution and there has been some good news on the economy lately , " he said .
" All of that is contributing to a rally as well . "
Stocks have gained for the past two weeks , despite tumbling last Thursday and Friday .
But that retreat gave investors an opportunity to jump back in Monday , with bank shares leading the advance .
Since tumbling to 12 - year lows two weeks ago , the S&P 500 has now rallied 18 % as of Monday 's close , blasting through 800 , a key resistance level that analysts have been watching .
Tuesday brings more news from Washington .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner are expected to testify at a House Financial Services Committee hearing on AIG , due to begin at around 10:00 a.m. ET .
Sheila Bair , Chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp , is due to testify at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on bank regulation , also scheduled for the morning .
President Obama is due to deliver a televised address during prime time .
Bad -asset plan : On Monday , Treasury rolled out its long - awaited plan to purge bank balance sheets of as much as $ 1 trillion in sour assets that are limiting lending and prolonging the recession .
The government will commit $ 75 billion to $ 100 billion of taxpayer money to launch the " Public - Private Investment Program , " which seeks to create a market for that bad debt .
The government plans to run auctions between the banks looking to unload the bad assets - such as subprime mortgages - and the investors looking to buy them .
The Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. will be involved .
Economists have said that stabilizing the banking system is key to stabilizing the economy .
" Between the Fed announcement last week and the Treasury program this week , there are some tangible steps the government is taking and that is going to give the market the potential to keep moving higher , " Ablin said .
Last week , the Federal Reserve announced it was pumping another trillion into the economy to try to get credit flowing .
Leeb said the market may be betting that if the Treasury plan leads into a brick wall , there 's always the Federal Reserve to come in and expand its program .
Economy : Existing home sales rose 5.1 % in February , according to the National Association of Realtors .
Sales rose at a seasonally - adjusted 4.72 million unit annual rate versus a 4.49 million unit annual rate in January .
Economists surveyed by Briefing.com expected sales to dip to a 4.45 million unit rate .
Company news : Financial shares led the advance .
American Express gained almost 19 % , Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) jumped 19.5 % , JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) gained Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) jumped 26 % and Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) gained 24 % .
The KBW Bank ( BKX ) index gained 18.6 % .
The gains were broad based , with all 30 Dow components rising .
Other big gainers included Alcoa ( AA , Fortune 500 ) , Caterpillar ( CAT , Fortune 500 ) , General Electric ( GE , Fortune 500 ) , Boeing ( BA , Fortune 500 ) and Walt Disney ( DIS , Fortune 500 ) .
Suncor Energy ( SU ) , Canada's No. 2 oil company , said it will buy rival Petro - Canada ( PCZ ) for $ 14.86 billion to create the country 's biggest energy company .
Suncor shares lost 1.8 % and Petro shares gained 23 % .
In other deal news , an Abu Dhabi fund , Aabar Investments , bought a 9.1 % stake in German carmaker Daimler in a $ 2.67 billion deal announced late Sunday .
Market breadth was positive .
On the New York Stock Exchange , winners beat losers by over 8 to 1 on volume of almost 1 billion shares .
On the Nasdaq , advancers topped decliners four to one on volume of 1.5 billion shares .
Bonds :
Treasury prices dipped , raising the yield on the benchmark 10 - year note to 2.64 % , up from 2.63 % late Friday .
Treasury prices and yields move in opposite directions .
Lending rates were little changed .
The 3 - month Libor rate held steady at 1.22 % , unchanged from late Friday , while the overnight Libor rate rose to 0.29 % from 0.28 % Friday , according to Bloomberg.com .
Libor is a bank - to - bank lending rate .
Other markets :
In global trading , Asian and European markets rallied .
In currency trading , the dollar gained versus the euro and the yen .
U.S. light crude oil for May delivery gained $ 1.73 to settle at $ 53.80 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
COMEX gold for May delivery fell $ 3.60 to settle at 953.80 an ounce .
Hollywood has gone back to war .
And this time , it ’s appalling .
All autumn long , the film industry released movies about America ’s battle against global jihad .
With one exception — the competent actioner The Kingdom — each of these movies distorted an urgent , ongoing historical enterprise through the lens of a filmmaker ’s unthinking leftism .
Redacted , Rendition ,
In the Valley of Elah , and Lions for Lambs characterize our soldiers and government agents as rapists , madmen , murderers , torturers of the innocent , or simply victims caught up in a venal and bloodthirsty American foreign policy .
All this at the very moment when our real - life soldiers and agents are risking , and sometimes losing , their lives fighting the most hateful and cancerous worldview since Nazism .
But I guess that ’s showbiz .
Needless to say , it was n’t always thus .
During World War II , Hollywood stars like James Stewart and directors like Frank Capra enlisted in the military to combat dictators as willingly as Sean Penn and Michael Moore now tootle down to Venezuela and Cuba to embrace them .
More to the point , yesteryear ’s studio heads — many of them conservative Republicans — worked in cooperation with a Democratic administration to produce top - notch entertainment supporting the war effort .
The result was not only rousing combat tales like 1943 ’s Sahara , Bataan , and Action in the North Atlantic — all still watchable today — but also some of the finest motion pictures ever made : 1942 ’s Casablanca and Mrs. Miniver , for instance , and the terrific yet all - but - forgotten They Were Expendable ( 1945 ) .
It was one of the film industry ’s finest hours .
Much has changed in Hollywood since then .
The fall of the business - driven studio system has freed creative types to make more personal films , just as the internationalization of markets and multiple methods of distribution protect them from the financial consequences of alienating the nation ’s mainstream .
If their anti-American labor of love bombs in Peoria , their investors will probably still make their money back in Europe and on the DVDs .
Beyond that , however , the movie business merely provides the most glamorous example of a greater change throughout our creative and intellectual communities : a decades - long drift toward an idiot radicalism .
Movie artists — like all artists except the most original — are the products of the atmosphere of fashionable opinion that surrounds and sustains them .
They may play at being heroes who speak truth to power , but the real powers in their lives are the elites who feed them praise , awards , and jobs .
To them , the filmmakers speak nothing but slavish agreement .
Because of this , Hollywood war films past and present reflect the political philosophy not just of a small lotusland enclave , but of a large segment of our culture - making classes .
The changing ways that these films portray the internal experience of the warrior , along with the change in their overall depiction of the nation and its guardians , are signs of deeper developments with unnerving ramifications .
Movies about the inner experience of war frequently revolve around the relationship of a young soldier to a battle - hardened father figure .
Such films underwent a violent transformation between World War II and the aftermath of Vietnam .
The 1949 film Sands of Iwo Jima , directed by Allan Dwan , is a good benchmark against which to measure that transition .
The picture follows John Wayne ’s hardboiled marine sergeant John Stryker as he prepares his men for the Iwo assault .
John Agar plays the sensitive private Peter Conway , who resentfully identifies Stryker with his own tough marine - colonel father .
But as Conway learns , only Stryker ’s unyielding warrior ethos will keep him alive in the fighting to come .
At the same time , this ethos exacts a brutal price .
Away from his duties , Stryker is a self - pitying drunk , lamenting the wife who left him .
During battle , he finds his humanity repeatedly compromised .
In one grim scene , Stryker keeps Conway and his other men safe by forcing them to lie low as a comrade dies in the field , calling for help .
After a sniper fells Stryker on Iwo Jima , his men listen solemnly as Conway reads the sergeant ’s unfinished letter to his estranged son .
Through this letter , Conway , now a warrior himself , is finally able to see Stryker — and so his own father — in his full humanity .
At that moment , the famous flag raising takes place , perhaps a bit of fifties Freudianism linking the coming of manhood to the guarding of the nation .
Conway speaks Stryker ’s signature line — “ Saddle up ! ” — and leads his comrades back into battle to the tune of the Marines ’ Hymn .
It ’s nice mythic stuff , corny but still stirring .
And in its old - fashioned way , it manages to explore not just the physical but also the spiritual sacrifice of becoming a warrior .
As he takes on his father ’s warrior role , the son learns his father ’s terrible secret : that in defending his home , he becomes estranged from it ; in defending his values , he has to contravene them ; in defending civilization and peace , he has to steep himself in uncivilized violence .
If you want to see the exact moment at which the movies ’ approach toward those tragic truths began to shift , watch the opening scene of Patton ( 1970 ) .
George C. Scott , in his Oscar turn as the indomitable general , rises from the base of an enormous American flag to recite his famous speech to the troops :
“ No bastard ever won a war by dying for his country .
He won it by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his country . ”
This is the warrior ’s initiation distilled , a battle - hardened veteran introducing untried men to their brutal roles as guardians of the nation .
The camera angle places us in the position of Patton ’s troops .
There , we find our reactions caught between two points of view .
The Vietnam - era filmmakers — including screenwriter Francis Ford Coppola — clearly intended to imbue the scene with grim irony .
Their very next cut takes us to vultures overlooking a battlefield where indifferent natives strip the American dead .
But the speech itself is so powerful that , in memory , the viewer edits the irony out .
All anyone remembers is that general , that speech , that flag .
The moment thus stands as a pivot point between competing visions : on the one hand , Sands of Iwo Jima ; on the other , the best films dealing with a soldier ’s initiation into the Vietnam War .
In these later films , the sacrifice of a man ’s gentler self to the needs of his warrior role is no longer necessary and inspiring .
Instead , it has become an unbearable doubling , even a kind of spiritual death .
Platoon ( 1986 ) is Oliver Stone ’s Oscar - winning , fictionalized account of his own Vietnam service , a powerful and anguished vision by a man who volunteered for combat duty and won medals for valor .
Stone ’s stand - in is Private Chris Taylor , played by Charlie Sheen .
Taylor describes himself as a “ child born of . . . two fathers ” : a scarred , heartless killer , Sergeant Bob Barnes ( Tom Berenger ) ; and a Christlike stoner , Sergeant Elias Grodin ( Willem Dafoe ) .
After Grodin reports Barnes for committing atrocities in a Vietnamese village , Barnes murders him in the field to shut him up .
With no one else to testify against him , Barnes seems above justice , as free as a force of nature .
“ Are you smoking this shit so ’s to escape from reality ? ” he sneers at Grodin ’s drug - taking disciples .
“ Me , I do n’t need this shit .
I am reality . ”
It ’s the father ’s warrior initiation speech broken free of its guardian context .
Barnes does n’t kill to preserve the peace and freedom of the nation .
He does it because that ’s the Hobbesian state of things .
This puts Taylor in the essential warrior bind .
In order to be like Grodin in defending righteousness , he feels that he has to become like Barnes — has to kill Barnes as cold - bloodedly as Barnes killed Grodin .
Like Conway in Sands of Iwo Jima , Taylor must set aside gentleness for the greater good .
But for Taylor , it ’s not a necessary emotional sacrifice for the sake of the nation ; it ’s a tormenting psychomachy almost unrelated to the mission of the war .
It leaves him broken and sobbing as he heads for home .
“ We did not fight the enemy , we fought ourselves , ” he says .
“ And the enemy was in us . ”
Stanley Kubrick ’s Full Metal Jacket ( 1987 ) — a less personal , more artificial film — at first externalizes this inner conflict between the warrior ’s brutal and gentle selves .
The first half of the movie follows an intelligent and observant private called “ Joker ” ( Matthew Modine ) through basic training on Parris Island .
The double nature of the human heart is represented , on the one hand , by the comically bellicose Drill Instructor Hartman ( wonderfully played by R. Lee Ermey ) , and on the other , by a sweet - natured idiot nicknamed Private Pyle ( the much underrated Vincent D’Onofrio ) .
After Joker and the other recruits reject Pyle and assault him , the gentle fool goes mad and kills both the DI and himself — a cataclysmic end to the struggle between the two men , and symbolic of the violent suppression of Joker ’s internal struggle as well .
The second half of the film , which takes place in Vietnam , bears this reading out .
Now a detached , sarcastic military journalist , Joker ironically represents what he calls the “ duality of man ” by wearing a peace button on his lapel and the words born to kill scrawled across his helmet .
But when he leaves his journalistic post and joins a patrol during the Tet Offensive , his detachment finally fails him .
In the end , he is forced to execute a teenage girl , a sniper .
It ’s an act of both mercy and brutality that represents the final annihilation of even this twisted remnant of his anima .
His soul must die in order for him to stay alive .
What has changed between Sands of Iwo Jima and the Vietnam films is , of course , the context .
In Sands , Stryker ’s internal sacrifice — not to mention the sacrifice of his life — is tragically noble because it contributes to the freedom of a good and grateful nation .
The Vietnam films reject the worthiness of the sacrifice precisely because they reject the worthiness of the nation .
They do this , however , in two very different ways .
Stone , with his kooky left - wing paranoia , has become a bugbear of conservatives , but his deeply felt and tormented examination of his war service deserves respect .
Like Platoon , Stone ’s Born on the Fourth of July ( 1989 ) , based on the autobiography of paralyzed antiwar veteran Ron Kovic , details the experience of a war that was rejected by the culture - making vanguard and so stripped of its glory .
A conservative viewer can easily interpret the film as the tale of a man seduced into left - wing lunacy by his need to find a celebratory context for his sacrifice — a context supplied by the antiwar Left .
Nonetheless , the director ’s ultimate message is clear .
“ We love the people of America , ” says Tom Cruise as Kovic , “ but when it comes to the government . . . [ they ’re ] a bunch of corrupt , greedy racists and robbers . ”
The expatriate Kubrick ’s rejection of America is far more complete , and so his attitude toward the warrior sacrifice is utterly contemptuous .
Full Metal Jacket ends with Joker and his comrades marching through a landscape of fire , singing the Mickey Mouse Club theme song .
In becoming warriors , they have made the world a living hell , in service of a shallow , artificial culture .
Whether through Stone ’s tortured paranoia or Kubrick ’s cultural self - hatred , the Vietnam films ’ bitter vision of the warrior ’s initiation went hand in hand with Hollywood ’s increasingly negative depiction of America .
That depiction depended partly on the filmmakers ’ specific rejection of Vietnam - era policies .
But it was shaped , informed , and encouraged by a larger phenomenon : the intellectuals ’ turning away from nationalism itself .
Antinationalism has a long pedigree in Western art and thought , so to track its development in Hollywood war movies , we now have to double back , before Vietnam and World II , to even earlier films .
Through much of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , with nationalism at its height in Europe , Western artists routinely depicted war as purifying and ennobling .
With World War I , that idea became increasingly insupportable .
A generation of young men had been wiped out for reasons that remain murky even today , slaughtered in their millions by a technology that seemed to eliminate any trace of martial sublimity .
The dominant artistic reaction was a rejection of nationalist sacrifice .
It was best summed up by Wilfred Owen ’s famous poem “ Dulce et Decorum Est , ” which sneers at “ the old lie ” that it is sweet and fitting to die for one ’s country .
Between the world wars , Hollywood took up that antinationalist theme in one of its earliest talkies , 1930 ’s All Quiet on the Western Front .
The film won an Oscar for best picture and remains an extraordinary movie to this day .
In this story of German soldiers in the trenches , based on Erich Maria Remarque ’s fine novel , every father figure who fills young men with dreams of “ some desperate glory , ” to use Owen ’s phrase , is a blustering fool , a militaristic buffoon , or a secret coward .
The war is nothing but senseless death .
Key to this depiction is one scene that remains a staple of the war - movie genre : battle - weary soldiers sitting together and discussing the greater mission .
These scenes almost invariably ring false — statements by the artists intruding on the art — but they ’re telling nonetheless .
“ How do they start a war ? ” one soldier asks in All Quiet .
“ One country offends another , ” a second says .
“ Oh , well , if that ’s it , I should n’t be here at all .
I do n’t feel offended . ”
Here , the concerns of the individual — and , by extension , the concerns of the People — are different from , and even antithetical to , the concerns of the nation .
In the wake of this devastating conflict , that pretty much became the left - wing line .
Nationalism had caused the war ; therefore cosmopolitanism , and a stateless commitment to the People , would end war altogether .
The trouble with cosmopolitanism , as George Orwell pointed out , is that no one is willing to fight and die for it .
When warlike racial nationalism resurged in the thirties , only an answering “ atavistic emotion of patriotism , ” as Orwell wrote , could embolden people to stand against it .
Though European intellectuals and their left - wing American acolytes are loath to admit it , the U.S. had already provided an excellent new rationale for that emotion .
Our Founding redefined nationhood along social - contract lines that Europeans can still only theorize about .
Our love of nation at its best was ethical , not ethnic .
Our patriotism was loyalty not to race , or even to tradition , but to ideals of individual liberty and republican self - governance .
The films of World War II often reflect just that sort of patriotism .
Yes , there ’s plenty of pure jingo , not to mention racial slurs so nonchalant that they ’re now hilarious : the enemies are always krauts or dagos or — my personal favorite from Fighting Seabees —
“ Tojo and his bug - eyed monkeys . ”
But many World War II films emphasize what America stands for .
The ceaseless Hollywood roll calls of Spinellis , O’Haras , Dombrowskis , and Steins highlight the e pluribus unum of it all : an ethnically diverse nation unified by democratic ideals .
Those ideals were embodied by the characters themselves — by their rough , easygoing demeanor , their friendly interaction over ethnic and class lines , and their suspicion of fascist strongmen .
Mussolini “ kinda thinks he ’s God , do n’t he ? ” says a cynical Humphrey Bogart in Sahara .
“ Someday that guy ’s gonna blow up and bust . ”
Most people love their homeland , but these movies understood that , for Americans , the democratic ethos constituted the substance of that land .
It was that substance that was worth fighting and dying for , even when the battle was lost .
As a doomed soldier remarks in Bataan , “ It do n’t matter much where a man dies , as long as he dies for freedom . ”
Hold your breath and wait for a modern filmmaker to say that about Vietnam or Iraq .
Largely , Hollywood films continued to reflect American - style patriotism through the 1950s and ’60s .
But with the doubts and dissensions of the Vietnam era , the antinationalist agenda that governed Europe ’s intelligentsia after World War I reached our shores full force and became , by corollary , anti-Americanism .
And as respect for America as a worthy nation waned among the elite , so , too , did respect for America ’s guardians .
Instead of a movie hero , the warrior became the self - serious militaristic buffoon of such antiwar films as Kubrick ’s Dr. Strangelove ( 1964 ) and Robert Altman ’s MASH , which lost the 1970 Oscar to Patton .
MASH ’s blood - laced depiction of countercultural army surgeons stitching up the wounded in the Korean War is frequently offset by a PA announcer ’s apathetic reading of heroic ad copy for old war movies : “ Tell it to the marines , those lovable lugs with wonderful mugs . ”
And the chief foil for the picture ’s hippie - like heroes is the pompous patriot and religious hypocrite Frank Burns , played by Robert Duvall .
Duvall , probably the best film actor of his generation , would bring that caricature to a stunning apotheosis in Francis Ford Coppola ’s Apocalypse Now .
An adaptation of Joseph Conrad ’s Heart of Darkness set in Vietnam , Apocalypse Now has as much to do with the real war as Coppola ’s The Godfather has to do with the real Mafia .
But as The Godfather brilliantly dramatizes the director ’s ideas about assimilation and capitalism , so Apocalypse Now plays out his notions about America ’s role in the world .
It ’s a nightmare vision .
American warriors are the extension of a clueless , violent , and imperialist culture .
A rain of napalm burns away pristine jungles so that indigenous primitives can be replaced by Yank thugs drooling over Playboy bunnies in spangled cowboy suits .
The supreme manifestation of this fantasy is Duvall ’s aptly named Lieutenant Colonel Bill Kilgore , a madman who wipes out an entire village merely to clear the beach for a famous surfer likewise aptly named L. B. Johnson .
In a film that denigrates the nation and its culture , the patriot warrior can only appear absurd .
Liberals often argue that in criticizing American actions and culture , artists are actually defending American principles by holding the nation to its own standards .
That argument would make sense in an atmosphere of contending visions that showed both America ’s greatness and its imperfections .
But when the arts purvey only a consistently anti-patriotic and anti-military message , it seems clear that they have in fact detached the ethos from the country that embodies it .
In doing so , American artists are adopting European - style cosmopolitanism , which leaves them virtually incapable of depicting warriors as heroes .
“ International society has ideas to defend — ideas of universal justice — but little actual ground , ” the political thinker Robert Kaplan wrote recently .
“ And without ground to defend , it has little need of heroes . ”
The full implications of our artists ’ growing cosmopolitanism become painfully vivid when modern filmmakers attempt to impose their view on World War II , the gold standard for the Good War .
The 1996 Oscar winner , The English Patient , based on Michael Ondaatje ’s novel , provides an unintentional dramatization of how high ideals , untethered from their territory , drift away into a dreamy blue of narcissistic hedonism .
The English Patient is such a visually beautiful film that the mind has to overcome the eye in order to comprehend its moral emptiness .
Ralph Fiennes plays a Hungarian count , László Almásy , a man too fine for nationhood .
Employed to map the Sahara , he flies high above the earth in his plane , disdaining borders and any concept of ownership .
As war threatens , he begins a passionate affair with another man ’s wife , Katharine , played by Kristin Scott Thomas .
At the story ’s climax , László must find a plane to rescue the wounded Katharine from a cave in the desert .
He procures one from the Nazis in exchange for his strategic maps .
When it ’s pointed out to him that thousands of people might ’ve died because of his treachery , he responds , “ Thousands of people did die .
They were just different people . ”
In any case , he reaches Katharine too late .
She dies after writing in her journal , “ We [ individuals ] are the real countries .
Not the boundaries drawn on maps with the names of powerful men . ”
Pause here a moment and think back to 1942 ’s Casablanca , an Oscar winner surely as great as any film of the studio era .
In its depiction of a man coming out of disengagement and self - pity to embrace a larger cause , it provides one of the most moving climaxes in cinematic history .
Humphrey Bogart ’s cabaret owner Rick Blaine makes the warrior ’s classic sacrifice , giving up the love of his life in order to join the fight for freedom .
“ I ’m no good at being noble , ” he famously tells Ingrid Bergman ’s Ilsa , “ but it does n’t take much to see that the problems of three little people do n’t amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world . ”
It ’s a scene that still makes viewers cry .
The English Patient is the anti-Casablanca .
Here , the problems of this crazy world do n’t amount to a hill of beans when there ’s some hot lovin ’ to be done .
It does n’t matter which people die , which nation wins .
There are no values , no issues of human ideals , human liberty , or self - governance .
There are merely “ boundaries drawn on maps with the names of powerful men . ”
So here ’s that intelligence you wanted , Mr. Hitler , and excuse me while I get it on .
The film ’s real value lies in its unintentional depiction of the way a high - minded cosmopolitanism results not in the universal good that it espouses but in selfishness and evil .
And since that ’s the movie ’s secret story — two selfish people ditching their national obligations in pursuit of sensual fulfillment — it remains , for all its flights of high romance , one of the coldest , least affecting love stories ever screened .
There ’s a Seinfeld episode in which Elaine , forced to sit through the film , yells at the screen , “ Stop telling your boring stories about the desert and die already ! ”
That gets it just about right .
For the most part , that English Patient logic , the logic of lofty cosmopolitanism that is , in fact , the deadly logic of radical selfishness , continues to prevail in Hollywood when filmmakers confront the actual presence of war .
But there was a brief end - of - millennium period when patriotism , and the respect for the military that goes with it , began cautiously to appear in American movies again .
Post–cold war revelations showed that Americans were the good guys after all , a liberal president presided over healthy economic times , and it seemed to the inattentive that we might never again have to deal with any real wars .
It was then , in 1998 , that at least one great director felt secure enough to make a major motion picture that tried to recapture the lost ideal of patriotic sacrifice .
Despite its virtually perfect cast , 1998 ’s Saving Private Ryan is no classic .
It is marred by two of director Steven Spielberg ’s most prominent traits : sentimentalism and a tendency to turn characters into archetypes .
These ( related ) traits served the director well in great films like Jaws , E.T. , and Raiders of the Lost Ark .
But they render even his most - lauded historical epics mawkish and intellectually shallow .
Still , Ryan is an important war movie for two reasons .
First , Spielberg is , as Jaws author Peter Benchley once bitchily remarked , the nation ’s “ greatest second - unit director ” — that is , the guy assigned by the chief director to handle action scenes .
Ryan opens with a D - day sequence that is epoch - making in its realism , rendering every battle scene before it obsolete and every one after it derivative .
Second , the movie is a sincere attempt by a great post -Vietnam director to recapture the American argument for the warrior .
After the invasion sequence , the film goes through the usual scenes of dehumanizing combat — including , as in Sands of Iwo Jima , the one in which the men have to remain in hiding while their wounded comrade dies .
But each scene is soon followed by another showing why the brutal warrior attitude makes sense under the circumstances : a German soldier mercifully left alive returns to wreak havoc ; a child taken in out of tenderness nearly gets everyone killed .
There are no self - serious patriots here , only businesslike citizen soldiers doing what has to be done .
The final sweeping pan up from a field of soldiers ’ graves to a fluttering American flag makes it clear : these soldiers fought and died not as the instrument of princes but as free men defending a nation that was an extension of themselves .
Here , as in the war movies of the 1940s and ’ 50s , American values are embodied in the men who fight for them .
The American way is most effectively dramatized in the person of Captain John Miller , through Tom Hanks ’s awe - inspiring genius for communicating the complexities of decency .
A former schoolteacher , Miller suppresses his gentler peacetime character and forces himself into the role of warrior with discipline and self - knowledge .
In direct contrast with the Nazi foe , he leads not through militaristic worship of rank but by example and simple worth .
He is the exemplar of the Democratic Man .
Shot down in battle , Miller whispers his last words to the rescued Private Ryan : “ Earn this .
Earn it . ”
The words touch off the film ’s embarrassingly maudlin final sequence , in which an older Ryan , representing all America , weeps at Miller ’s grave , wondering if he ’s been good enough to have earned his salvation .
As ham - handed as Ryan ’s moral lesson may be , it also seems irrefutable .
The warrior ’s sacrifice finds its purpose in the defense of the nation , and the nation , in turn , owes him glorious memory and the preservation of the values for which it stands .
Perhaps , if the post–cold war peace had lasted longer , this thought would have become more acceptable to our artistic elite .
Black Hawk Down , a movie of martial valor , though released after 9/11 , was in the pipeline beforehand ; perhaps it would have become part of a larger movement .
In time , American artists and intellectuals might have felt secure enough to wonder if European aversion to the nation was merely a symptom of a civilization on the wane , irrelevant to us .
Perhaps even Vietnam would have begun to seem , not an ill - advised European - style colonial venture , but , like Bataan , a lost battle in a larger ethical struggle .
It do n’t matter where a man dies , as long as he dies for freedom .
But , of course , the peace did n’t last .
With 9/11 violently awaking us to the fact of ongoing global jihad , real war came again .
And not merely war , but a war that made nonsense out of cherished cosmopolitan left - wing doctrines like multiculturalism and moral relativism .
Rather than face the obvious failures of their philosophy , intellectual and creative elites retreated into their present high - sounding but secretly selfish antinational moralizing .
It was Clint Eastwood , of all people , who went beyond even The English Patient in attempting to reexamine World War II in the new cosmopolitan light .
As both actor and director , Eastwood is an American classic — I would say so even if he had n’t once filmed a novel of mine .
But his 2006 double feature about the battle of Iwo Jima , Flags of Our Fathers and Letters from Iwo Jima , is a masterpiece of moral confusion .
American heroism is deemphasized , Japanese courage underscored .
Americans are shown committing atrocities , Japanese nobly holding out so that “ our children can live for one more day . ”
They were all just people , that ’s the idea ; all just doing their duty , fighting for their countries .
Which is surely true , but so what ?
World War II was n’t a Yankees–Red Sox game .
It actually mattered , in the end , which country you fought for and who won .
Sure , individuals and nations are universally flawed , and all have fallen short of the glory of God , but the ideas and values for which those individuals and nations stand tend to guide them in better or worse directions and so are more or less worth defending .
America ’s liberty and toleration : yes .
Japan ’s imperialist tyranny : not so much .
Eastwood said that he wanted his films to expose the “ futility of war . ”
But war is dreadful , not futile — there ’s a big difference .
These films create the illusion of war ’s futility through the ultimate act of cosmopolitanism : they delete the knowledge of good and evil .
True , the Bible tells us that we lived in a peaceful paradise before we acquired that knowledge .
But the Bible likewise tells us that the way back there is barred by a sword of fire .
So we return to the antiwar films of autumn .
It seems odd to compare these with the powerful and influential pictures discussed above .
It ’s not just that these new movies failed at the box office : a film ’s popularity , like a war ’s popularity , is no fair measure of its worth .
Each of these movies is also emotionally ineffective and intellectually stale .
Together , however , they ’re indicative of the philosophical cage in which our creative community has trapped itself .
In Redacted , Rendition , In the Valley of Elah , and Lions for Lambs — as in more successful thrillers like Shooter and The Bourne Ultimatum — virtually every act of the American administration is corrupt or sinister , and every patriot is a cynically misused fool .
Every warrior , therefore , is either evil himself or , more often , a victim of evil , destined for meaningless destruction or soul - death and insanity .
These movies ’ anti-American attitudes strike me not as the products of original vision and reflection but rather as the tired expressions of inherited prejudices .
The films work the way that prejudice works , anyway : by taking extraordinary incidents and individuals and extrapolating general principles from them .
Redacted is the worst example .
Politically repellent , emotionally dishonest , artistically incompetent , and , at 90 minutes , about an hour too long , the film shows American soldiers raping a 15 - year - old Iraqi girl and slaughtering her family .
Writer and director Brian De Palma , a vastly overrated hack , used the same trope in his so - so 1989 Vietnam film , Casualties of War , which tells you exactly how far his thinking has progressed .
The other three films take a more earnest , if smarmy , approach , smothering our fighters in loving pity , but the principle of extrapolation is the same .
In Lions for Lambs , patriotic youngsters are sent to die for a wartime scheme meant to advance a cynical conservative politician ’s career .
In Rendition , the CIA ships off a wholly innocent man to a foreign country to be tortured for information that he does n’t have .
And In the Valley of Elah has enough murderously loony post - traumatic veterans to make up a sort of nutcase rifle battalion .
Put on a uniform , serve in Iraq , and zappo , you ’re kill - crazy forever .
If these stories were representative rather than exceptional , In the Valley of Elah would have at least half an excuse for its disgraceful and infantile final shot , which shows the American flag flown upside down as a token of our terrible distress .
But the stories — even though some are based on fact — are not representative at all .
The overwhelming impression that reporters with our fighters in the Middle East send back is of professionalism , valor , and continued faith in the mission .
These movies , as the Wall Street Journal ’s Peggy Noonan recently pointed out , simply select modern images that remind them of the old Vietnam - era films and rehash them to support their outmoded political points of view .
Locked in an echo chamber of fashionable leftism , our filmmakers have lost the ability to question those discredited assumptions .
Only in fantasy war films — films like Spielberg ’s undervalued War of the Worlds , Michael Bay ’s amusing Transformers , or Peter Jackson ’s wonderful Lord of the Rings trilogy — does the truth of our present situation emerge .
Here , filmmakers do n’t have to confront the deathblow that radical Islam deals to the logic of leftist ideology .
They can portray evil without giving it a human face and affirm our values without paying too particular a tribute to the nation in which those values become flesh .
The warrior ’s sacrifice makes sense again , martial virtues can be openly honored , and those who protect us are given back their glory .
That glory , however , is not the stuff of fantasy alone .
The threat of global jihad is all too real , and the stakes are all too high .
Liberty , tolerance , the harmony of conflicting voices — these things did n’t materialize suddenly out of the glowing heart of human decency .
People thought of them , fought and died to establish them , not in the ether , but on solid ground .
That ground has to be defended or the values themselves will die .
The warriors willing to do this difficult work deserve to have their heroism acknowledged in our living thoughts and through our living arts .
We should hear their voices every day , saying : Earn this .
Earn it .
Top Photo : LifeJourneys / iStock
How to protect yourself from martial law Share This :
IntelDaily stated ,
In October 2006 , Bush signed into law the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 .
Quietly slipped into the law at the last minute , at the request of the Bush administration , were sections changing important legal principles , dating back 200 years , which limit the U.S. government 's ability to use the military to intervene in domestic affairs .
These changes would allow Bush , whenever he thinks it necessary , to institute martial law - - under which the military takes direct control over civilian administration .
If martial law is declared , your civil rights will no longer be recognized by the authorities ; basic rights -- such as due process -- will no longer exist .
How can you protect yourself ... right now and afterward ?
1 . Seek out reliable alternative sources of news .
The mainstream media will be worse than useless in giving you a sense of what is really happening politically .
Without such a sense , you will not be able to make an educated guess about what is likely to happen next .
2. Avoid high - surveillance areas with a high police / military presence like airports or checkpoints .
The authorities are there in strength to ferret out wrong - doers .
If you make a bad joke , show up in a database or just seem too nervous , then you can be detained , questioned and / or arrested .
Remember : there will be no due process .
3 . Do not visit controversial sites on the Internet .
Do not buy controversial books or material with a credit card .
Do not check them out of a library .
Do not read them in public places .
Do not discuss them in casual conversations or ones that are likely to be overheard .
Do not wear T - shirts with political slogans or controversial sentiments .
4 . Be careful about the information you disclose to anyone in a position of power ( e.g. your doctor ) or to strangers .
Indeed , be careful with anyone whose decency and discretion you do not trust .
Remember that even your doctor may have a legal obligation to ' turn you in ' should you confess to ' crimes ' , such considering suicide or owning a gun .
Train your children to show a similar discretion and to never discuss what goes on in your home , especially with strangers or authority figures like their public school teachers .
Make sure your partner understands and agrees with you about the need for privacy .
5 . If you can , find ' authorities ' you can trust , especially a lawyer .
6. Encrypt sensitive and / or valuable computer files and keep a back - up copy off - site -- that is , somewhere other than your home or office .
Do n't keep a record of where the back - ups are secured .
7 . Own a gun and keep a healthy supply of cash on hand .
Tell no one .
8. Support organizations and people who are fighting openly to push society in the opposition direction from martial law .
It may not be appropriate for you to take that risk but do encourage those who are .
[ Note : there is a donation button on the left - hand side of this site . ]
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
[ Note : I am indebted to Jarret B. Wollsteins ' " Surviving Terrorism " for the following suggestions upon which I have expanded ; I highly recommend his book for your shelf .
] 1 . Seek out reliable alternative sources of news .
The mainstream media will be worse than useless in giving you a sense of what is really happening politically .
Without such a sense , you will not be able to make an educated guess about what is likely to happen next .
2 . Avoid high - surveillance areas with a high police / military presence like airports or checkpoints .
The authorities are there in strength to ferret out wrong - doers .
If you make a bad joke , show up in a database or just seem too nervous , then you can be detained , questioned and / or arrested .
Remember : there will be no due process .
3 . Do not visit controversial sites on the Internet .
Do not buy controversial books or material with a credit card .
Do not check them out of a library .
Do not read them in public places .
Do not discuss them in casual conversations or ones that are likely to be overheard .
Do not wear T - shirts with political slogans or controversial sentiments .
4 .
Be careful about the information you disclose to anyone in a position of power ( e.g. your doctor ) or to strangers .
Indeed , be careful with anyone whose decency and discretion you do not trust .
Remember that even your doctor may have a legal obligation to ' turn you in ' should you confess to ' crimes ' , such considering suicide or owning a gun .
Train your children to show a similar discretion and to never discuss what goes on in your home , especially with strangers or authority figures like their public school teachers .
Make sure your partner understands and agrees with you about the need for privacy .
5 .
If you can , find ' authorities ' you can trust , especially a lawyer .
6 . Encrypt sensitive and / or valuable computer files and keep a back - up copy off - site -- that is , somewhere other than your home or office .
Do n't keep a record of where the back - ups are secured .
7 .
Own a gun and keep a healthy supply of cash on hand .
Tell no one .
8 . Support organizations and people who are fighting openly to push society in the opposition direction from martial law .
It may not be appropriate for you to take that risk but do encourage those who are .
[ Note : there is a donation button on the left - hand side of this site . ]
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Wednesday 17 December 2008 - 02:10:42 - Permalink
What would you do if martial law were declared in the United States ?
After all , martial law is not a new concept nor a new reality to America .
It was declared in 1794 during the Whiskey Rebellion , in 1862 during the Civil War , in Hawaii during World War II , and in NYC after 9/11 .
Many analysts have commented on how the Bush administration has paved the way for Presidents to declare martial law in the future .
.
If martial law is declared , your civil rights will no longer be recognized by the authorities ; basic rights -- such as due process -- will no longer exist .... right now and afterward ?
GAZA BORDER -- Moti Danino sat Monday in a canvas lawn chair on a sandy hilltop on Gaza 's border , peering through a pair of binoculars at distant plumes of smoke rising from the besieged territory .
An unemployed factory worker , he comes here each morning to watch Israel 's assault on Hamas from what has become the war 's peanut gallery -- a string of dusty hilltops close to the border that offer panoramic views across northern Gaza .
He ...
Enlarge By Garrett Hubbard , USA TODAY Ex -Catholic Dylan Rossi , 21 , a philosophy student at the University of Massachusetts in Boston meditates .
" I do n't know anyone religious and hardly anyone ' spiritual , ' " he says .
COMPARE CHANGES IN U.S. RELIGIONS OVER 2 DECADES COMPARE CHANGES IN U.S. RELIGIONS OVER 2 DECADES CATHOLIC STRONGHOLD DOWN CATHOLIC STRONGHOLD DOWN FAITH & REASON FAITH & REASON
Join the conversation on religion , spirituality and ethics here .
And catch up on interesting news with USA TODAY's
Cathy Lynn Grossman .
ARIS IN ARCHIVES ARIS IN ARCHIVES 2001 : Still one nation under God | ' Amen ' for church - free life ?
| Mapping U.S. beliefs
When it comes to religion , the USA is now land of the freelancers .
The percentage . of people who call themselves in some way Christian has dropped more than 11 % in a generation .
The faithful have scattered out of their traditional bases : The Bible Belt is less Baptist .
The Rust Belt is less Catholic .
And everywhere , more people are exploring spiritual frontiers — or falling off the faith map completely .
INTERACTIVE GRAPHIC , VIDEOS : Compare states , dates , religious groups and non-religious numbers FAITH & REASON :
What 's your religious ' path ' ?
THE ' NONES ' : Now 15 % of the population
These dramatic shifts in just 18 years are detailed in the new American Religious Identification Survey ( ARIS ) , to be released today .
It finds that , despite growth and immigration that has added nearly 50 million adults to the U.S. population , almost all religious denominations have lost ground since the first ARIS survey in 1990 .
" More than ever before , people are just making up their own stories of who they are .
They say , ' I 'm everything .
I 'm nothing .
I believe in myself , ' " says Barry Kosmin , survey co-author .
Among the key findings in the 2008 survey : • So many Americans claim no religion at all ( 15 % , up from 8 % in 1990 ) , that this category now outranks every other major U.S. religious group except Catholics and Baptists .
In a nation that has long been mostly Christian , " the challenge to Christianity … does not come from other religions but from a rejection of all forms of organized religion , " the report concludes .
• Catholic strongholds in New England and the Midwest have faded as immigrants , retirees and young job - seekers have moved to the Sun Belt .
While bishops from the Midwest to Massachusetts close down or consolidate historic parishes , those in the South are scrambling to serve increasing numbers of worshipers .
• Baptists , 15.8 % of those surveyed , are down from 19.3 % in 1990 .
Mainline Protestant denominations , once socially dominant , have seen sharp declines :
The percentage of Methodists , for example , dropped from 8 % to 5 % . •
The percentage of those who choose a generic label , calling themselves simply Christian , Protestant , non-denominational , evangelical or " born again , " was 14.2 % , about the same as in 1990 .
• Jewish numbers showed a steady decline , from 1.8 % in 1990 to 1.2 % today .
The percentage of Muslims , while still slim , has doubled , from 0.3 % to 0.6 % .
Analysts within both groups suggest those numbers understate the groups ' populations .
Ihsan Bagby , associate professor of Islamic studies at the University of Kentucky - Lexington , says that most national telephone surveys such as ARIS undercount Muslims , and that he is conducting a study of mosques ' membership sponsored by the Hartford ( Conn . )
Institute for Religious Research .
Meanwhile , some Jewish surveys that report larger numbers of Jews also include " cultural " Jews — those who connect to Judiasm through its traditions , but not necessarily through actively practicing the religion .
Meanwhile , nearly 2.8 million people now identify with dozens of new religious movements , calling themselves Wiccan , pagan or " Spiritualist , " which the survey does not define .
Wicca , a contemporary form of paganism that includes goddess worship and reverence for nature , has even made its way to Arlington National Cemetery , where the Pentagon now allows Wiccans ' five - pointed - star symbol to be used on veterans ' gravestones .
Religion as a hobby
Since the first ARIS study was released , other major national surveys have offered snapshots of the USA 's faith .
The Baylor University Religion Surveys in 2006 and 2008 -- based on 1,721 and 1,700 interviews , respectively -- were distinguished by a look at how people described and understood God .
The Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life released its Religious Landscape Survey last year , based on 35,000 interviews , mapping Americans ' beliefs state by state .
It found that 41 % of people had switched their religion at some point in life .
BAYLOR : How far is heaven ?
At least half will make it , Americans say PEW :
How people from different faiths answered questions on Hollywood , homosexuality , politics and prayer
The initial ARIS report in 1990 set the table for those surveys .
It was based on 113,000 interviews , updated with 50,000 more in 2001 and now 54,000 in 2008 .
Because the U.S. Census does not ask about religion , the ARIS survey was the first comprehensive study of how people identify their spiritual expression .
Kosmin concluded from the 1990 data that many saw God as a " personal hobby , " and that the USA is " a greenhouse for spiritual sprouts . "
Today , he says , " religion has become more like a fashion statement , not a deep personal commitment for many . "
Kosmin is now director of the Institute for the Study of Secularism in Society and Culture at Trinity College in Hartford , Conn . ; ARIS co-researcher Ariela Keysar is associate director .
The ARIS research also led in quantifying and planting a label on the " Nones " — people who said " None " when asked the survey 's basic question : " What is your religious identity ? "
The survey itself may have contributed to a higher rate of reporting as sociologists began analyzing the newly identified Nones .
" The Nones may have felt more free to step forward , less looked upon as outcasts " after the ARIS results were published , Keysar says .
Oregon once led the nation in Nones ( 18 % in 1990 ) , but in 2008 the leader , with 34 % , was Vermont , where Nones significantly outnumber every other group .
Meabh Fitzpatrick , 49 , of Rutland , Vt. , says she is upfront about becoming an atheist 10 years ago because " it 's important for us to be counted .
I'm a taxpayer and a law - abiding citizen and an ethical person , and I do n't think people assume this about atheists . "
Not all Nones have made such a philosophical choice ; most just unhook from religious ties .
Diane Mueller , 43 , of Austin , who grew up Methodist , says she 's simply " totally disengaged from the church and the Bible , too . "
Sunday mornings for her family mean playing in a park , not praying in a pew .
Ex-Catholic Dylan Rossi , 21 , a philosophy student in Boston and a Massachusetts native , is part of the sharp fall in the state 's percentage of Catholics — from 54 % to 39 % in his lifetime .
Rossi says he 's typical among his friends : " If religion comes up , everyone at the table will start mocking it .
I do n't know anyone religious and hardly anyone ' spiritual . ' " Social mobility a factor Anger and dismay over the clergy sexual abuse scandal , which erupted in Boston in 2002 , may be reflected in declining rates of Catholics across New England .
But the total percentage of Catholics in the USA declined only slightly from 1990 to 2008 , from 26.2 % to 25.1 % .
Analysts say immigration and other demographic shifts account for most of the changes .
" It 's not that everyone in New England lost their Catholic faith since 1990 .
It 's not the same people in New England , " says sociologist Mary Gautier , senior researcher at the Center for Applied Research in the Apostolate , the research arm of the Catholic Church in America .
Membership in New England 's Catholic churches is shrinking as older Catholics have died or moved to sunnier climates .
Young adults are choosing non-Catholic partners , having civil weddings and skipping baptism for their babies .
And those moving in to areas served by the churches are young adults who often find their communities of work and friendship online , not in parish halls .
" I sometimes wish I had a sky hook to take people from dying parishes up North and plunk them down in the parishes around Austin or Atlanta — and bring their beautiful buildings with them , " Gautier says .
Bishop Gregory Aymond would be happy to have those resources in Austin .
He 's spiritually delighted and financially challenged as his Texas diocese has doubled in numbers with retirees , Mexican immigrants , students at five major universities and Californians moving in for high - tech jobs .
" And demographers expect it to double again in the next 10 to 12 years , " he says .
In Mount Pleasant , S.C. , a suburb of Charleston , " everyone from Ohio is here , " says Msgr. James Carter , pastor of Christ Our King Catholic Church .
The church has grown so big so fast that it has spun off another parish and a mission church , and it plans outdoor split - shift services for Easter to accommodate about 2,500 families .
South Carolina also exemplifies the Protestant faiths ' shrinking share of the national religion " pie . "
The state has more Catholics ( 10 % , up from 6 % in 1990 ) and the percentage of Nones has more than tripled , from 3 % to 10 % .
The share of Protestants is 73 % , down from 88 % in 1990 .
Like Gautier , the Rev. Kendall Harmon , theologian for the Episcopal Diocese of South Carolina , blames social mobility .
" Mobility means your ideas are more challenged and your family and childhood traditions have less influence , particularly if you are not strongly rooted in them .
I see kids today who have no vocabulary of faith , and neither do many of their parents . "
Harmon recalls , " A couple came into my office once with a yellow pad of their teenage son 's questions .
One of them was : ' What is that guy doing hanging up there on the plus sign ? ' " Kosmin and Keysar also found a " piety gap " in how Americans understand God : While 69 % say they believe in a personal God , the Judeo - Christian understanding of the Almighty , an additional 30 % made no such connection .
The piety gap defines the primary sides in the culture wars , Kosmin says .
" It 's about gay marriage and abortion and stem cells and the family .
If a personal God says , ' Thou shalt not ' or ' Thou shalt ' see these a certain way , you 'd take it very seriously .
Meanwhile , three in 10 people are n't listening to that God , " he says .
" There 's more clarity at the two extremes and the mishmash is in the middle , " Keysar adds .
Mark Silk , director of the Greenberg Center for the Study of Religion in Public Life at Trinity College , sees in the numbers " an emergence of a soft evangelicalism — E - lite — that owes a lot to evangelical styles of worship and basic approach to church .
" But E - lite is more a matter of aesthetic and style and a considerable softening of the edges in doctrine , politics and social values , " Silk says .
Additional narrowly focused surveys , with closer looks at Catholics , evangelicals , mainline Protestants , and African - American Christians , will be released later this year by Trinity 's Program on Public Values , which sponsored ARIS , Silk says .
Some believers might be alarmed by the ARIS findings , but Tom Haynes is n't .
Haynes , 46 , a Houston entrepreneur , is the brother of Diane Mueller , the Austin mom who claims no religion .
Same Methodist upbringing .
Totally different spiritual choices .
Haynes , like 69 % of Americans , said in the ARIS survey that he believes there is " definitely a personal God . "
He calls himself a deeply committed " follower of Christ , " rather than aligning with a specific denomination .
He attends a non-denominational community church where he likes the rock music , but Bible study is the focus of his faith .
" We just look to Jesus , " he says .
" That 's why I do n't pay attention to surveys .
Christianity is moving totally under the radar .
It 's the work of God .
It ca n't be measured .
It happens inside of people 's souls . "
Religious movement in the USA How Americans describe their religious identity , 1990 — 2008 : Note : " Catholic " includes Roman , Greek and Eastern Rite Catholics .
Christian generic includes non-denominational , unspecified Christian and Protestant , evangelical / born - again .
Protestant denominations includes Churches of Christ , Jehovah 's Witnesses and Seventh - day Adventist .
Source : American Religious Identification Survey 2008 , based on 54,000 interviews in 2008 , margin of error +/- 0.5 percentage points .
READERS : Have you noticed a drop in religious devotion in society or even your town in the past 20 years ?
Have you switched religions ?
Dropped religion ?
Or are you more committed to your faith ?
Share your stories and opinions below .
Please avoid plagiarism ( including pasting lengthy passages from religious texts ) and name - calling with other readers .
Thank you !
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Distributed .
Interactive .
Simple .
Darcs is a volunteer - run free - software project that is a member of the Software Freedom Conservancy , a US tax - exempt 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization .
We may use the donations to cover the following costs :
organization of hacking sprints
infrastructure ( hardware , hosting )
hiring developers
marketing , communication
Paypal
Flattr
Checks from a bank in the USA
Software Freedom Conservancy , Inc .
137 MONTAGUE ST STE 380
Brooklyn , NY 11201-3548 USA
Wire transfer
Checks should be made payable to “ Software Freedom Conservancy , Inc. ” , with “ Directed donation : Darcs ” in the memo .
They can be mailed to
If you wish to send a donation by wire transfer , please contact donate@sfconservancy.org .
Stock donations
Conservancy also accepts stock donations on behalf of the Darcs project .
If you would like to donate stock , please contact accounting@sfconservancy.org for instructions on how to initiate the transfer .
Past fundraising runs
An illustration of a black hole " starving " as its surrounding gas is evaporated .
LONG BEACH , Calif . - Supermassive black holes are thought to lurk at the heart ofessentially all galaxies bigger than our own .
Their powerful gravity should be luringin galactic matter , feeding the black holes ' voracious appetites .
However , whileplenty of gas is available for these blackholes to feast upon , few of them have been observed to activelyaccrete gas from their home galaxy , presenting astronomers with a puzzle asto why these black holes are n't eating .
Something must be preventing the blackholes from accreting gas , though no one has known exactly what that was .
" Thishas been a longstanding problem , " said Q. Daniel Wang of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst .
Now , Wangand his colleagues have some possible suspects behind the starving black holes : exploding stars , or supernovas .
Wang andhis team investigated the starvation of the supermassive black holes at thecenter of two galaxies , M31 ( aka the Andromeda Galaxy , our nearest galacticneighbor ) and NGC 5866 .
They presented their findings here this week at the 213th meeting of the American Astronomical Society .
With bothof these galaxies , and others , the precise clue that the galaxies aren'tfeeding is the lack of large amounts of radiation coming from the nucleus ofthe galaxy , which astronomers would expect to detect from an actively eatingblack hole .
What makes the lack of radiation most perplexing is that plenty ofgas should be expelled by older stars and their remnants , such as planetary nebulas , and accumulating inthe galactic bulges of the galaxies ( the tightly - packed group of stars found inthe center of galaxies , where the black hole resides ) .
What washappening to that gas has been a mystery .
Astronomers had surmised that the gas " has to be removed continuously from the bulge , " Wang said , otherwisethe black holes would be feasting on it .
Someastronomers thought gravitational influences from nearby galaxies could besucking away the gas .
But Wang 's study suggests it 's actually an internalproblem generated by powerful supernova explosions .
Theseexplosions occur when a massive star 's core stops generating energy andcollapses in on itself , releasing energy that heats and expels the star 's outerlayers - the star goes supernova .
Supernovascome in slightly varying types .
Type 1a supernovasare constantly exploding throughout a given galaxy .
These exploding stars sendout a shockwave - what Wang calls an " interstellar tsunami " - thatpropagates throughout the gas in the galaxy .
Wang and his team simulated theeffect of these shockwaves on the gas accumulation around the galaxy ?s center .
Theinterstellar tsunami works in a similar manner to tsunamis on Earth : Theshockwave generated by an earthquake below the ocean has little effect wherethe ocean is deep and can absorb the energy , but when that wave reaches shallowwater , it forms the characteristic enormous wave that slams onto the coast .
Likewise , the hot gas in the galaxy can absorb the supernova 's shock , but when the wavereaches the cool gas expelled by dying stars , it steepens and pounds thecentral disk of the galaxy , evaporating the gas .
Becausethese supernova explosions are happening all the time , they continue to poundaway at the disk ; the gravity of a less massive galaxy can't counteract theevaporating energy of the supernovae , so the gas can ?t accumulate , and theblack hole starves .
Theinterruption of the gas accumulation also affects the evolution of the galaxy , Wang noted .
Moremassive galaxies , on the other hand , have a bigger gravitational pull thatkeeps the gas from leaving .
" It ? sa much more difficult escape , " Wang told SPACE.com .
" Eventually gravity wins . "
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News website
The glass bottle was discovered during a clean - up operation A bottle discarded at a waste site in the US contains the oldest sample of bomb - grade plutonium made in a nuclear reactor , scientists say .
The sample dates to 1944 and is a relic from the infancy of the US nuclear weapons programme .
A team from the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory used nuclear forensic techniques to date the sample and track down its origins .
Details appear in the latest edition of the journal Analytical Chemistry .
The researchers have described their study as " nuclear archaeology " .
The type of plutonium in the bottle - known as Pu-239 - is a so - called alpha emitter .
These alpha particles are too bulky to penetrate skin or paper , but they can cause poisoning if swallowed or inhaled .
It has a half - life ( the time it takes for half the radioactive nuclei in a sample to decay ) of 24,110 years .
The bottle in question was discovered in a burial trench at the Hanford nuclear site in Washington state , north - western US .
Established as part of the Manhattan Project in 1943 , Hanford was home to the world 's first full - scale plutonium production facility .
The Manhattan Project was the US ' bid to build the world 's first nuclear weapon during World War II .
The project 's roots lay in fears that Nazi Germany was investigating similar technology .
It culminated in the nuclear bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan at the end of the war .
Plutonium produced at the Hanford site was used in Trinity - the world 's first nuclear weapon test - on 16 July 1945 and in the plutonium bomb dropped on Nagasaki , Japan , on 10 August 1945 .
To recover bomb - grade plutonium , spent nuclear fuel was transported from a reactor to a chemical re-processing plant .
Here , the small amount of plutonium produced in the reactor was separated from the remaining uranium and waste fission products .
The Hanford site is now the focus of a massive environmental cleanup effort due to high levels of radioactive waste that remain at the site .
Dug up
While excavating a burial trench in December 2004 , clean - up personnel discovered a safe which contained a jug filled with whitish liquid slurry .
Further tests revealed the bottle contained a type of plutonium made by re-processing spent fuel in a manner consistent with early operations at Hanford .
Realising the historic potential of the find , Jon Schwantes and colleagues from the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory carried out further tests on the sample .
In order to determine its age , the researchers analysed the different forms , or isotopes , of plutonium and uranium in the sample .
They found it had been separated from the spent fuel in 1944 .
The bottle was held in a safe buried at a disposal site
In order to determine which reactor had produced the sample , they compared plutonium isotope ratios from the contents of the bottle against technical data from nuclear research reactors that were operating at the time the sample was made .
Their results strongly suggested the plutonium was manufactured at the prototype X - 10 reactor at Oak Ridge in Tennessee , which began operating in 1943 , a year after the Manhattan Project was authorised .
The types of forensic techniques used in the study are also vital for determining the sources , origins and routes of smuggled radioactive materials .
" The frequency of smuggling events involving radioactive materials is supply driven and is on the rise worldwide , " the researchers write in Analytical Chemistry .
They added : " It is likely that ( given ) the current nuclear renaissance and greater access to these materials by the public , smuggling events involving fissionable materials may rise in the near future . "
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Dopest [ THC ] True Hippie Coonass
Join Date : Feb 2006 Posts : 1,186
Stanley Blower Fan Mod
ok this is how to mod a stanley blower fan for cool tube and heat extraction .
first i disassembled the fan case .
i then removed the rivets from the 6 " starter collar , squeezed it together untill it fit snugly around the outside of the fan grille appx 5 " .
push the starter collar tabs through the grille and bend them over so its attached now .
reassemble the fan case and i use 4 " cool tube duct so i riveted a reducer 5 " - 4 " onto the starter collar ( can use duct tape ) now its all secure .
this model fan pulls air from separate sides so the one side that has the duct can pull heat from the cool tubes , the open side can be used to remove heat and stale air from the room .
a 6 " flex duct is taped to the output of the fan and runs to my DYI carbon filter in the attic .
the mod side pulls air through about 10 ' of 4 " ducting and two DIY cooltubes with two 400w HPS bulbs and sockets .
im currently only using one light but they are setup so later in flower i only have to plug the other one in .
this keeps a negative pressure enviroment in a 5x5x8 closet with no problems .
as far as noise , you can hear a fan blowing if its in the same room even if you couldnt see it .
i hung mine from the roof with bungie cords and i cant hear it from another room unless i put my ear to the wall but it still only sounds like a fan , not some marijuana making machine .
lol
to start off , this is an idea i was lucky enough to see on OG before the big bang , i tried it and it works for me .
i cant remember the original poster or who the props should go to but i would like to personally thank them for this idea .
this is my rendition of the mod.ok this is how to mod a stanley blower fan for cool tube and heat extraction .
first i disassembled the fan case .
i then removed the rivets from the 6 " starter collar , squeezed it together untill it fit snugly around the outside of the fan grille appx 5 " .
push the starter collar tabs through the grille and bend them over so its attached now .
reassemble the fan case and i use 4 " cool tube duct so i riveted a reducer 5 " - 4 " onto the starter collar ( can use duct tape ) now its all secure .
this model fan pulls air from separate sides so the one side that has the duct can pull heat from the cool tubes , the open side can be used to remove heat and stale air from the room .
a 6 " flex duct is taped to the output of the fan and runs to my DYI carbon filter in the attic .
the mod side pulls air through about 10 ' of 4 " ducting and two DIY cooltubes with two 400w HPS bulbs and sockets .
im currently only using one light but they are setup so later in flower i only have to plug the other one in .
this keeps a negative pressure enviroment in a 5x5x8 closet with no problems .
as far as noise , you can hear a fan blowing if its in the same room even if you couldnt see it .
i hung mine from the roof with bungie cords and i cant hear it from another room unless i put my ear to the wall but it still only sounds like a fan , not some marijuana making machine .
lol
I Spit Swishers
ICMAG'S OFFICIAL ~DIY ~ LINK-O-RAMA
Root Porn !
__________________I
Spit Swishers
Whether or not God exists , thinking about Him or Her does n't require divinely dedicated neurological wiring .
Instead , religious thoughts run on brain systems used to figure out what other people are thinking and feeling .
The findings , based on brain scans of people contemplating God , do n't explain whether a propensity for religion is a neurobiological accident .
But at least they give researchers a solid framework for exploring the question .
" In a way , this is a very cold look at religious belief , " said National Institutes of Health cognitive scientist Jordan Grafman , co-author of a study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" We 're only trying to understand where in the brain religious beliefs seem to be modulated . "
Though scientific debate about God 's existence has transfixed the public , Grafman 's findings fit into a lesser known argument over why religion exists .
Some scientists think it 's just an accidental byproduct of social cognition .
They say humans evolved to imagine what other people are feeling , even people who are n't present — and from there it was a short step to positing supernatural beings .
Others argue that religion is too pervasive to be just a byproduct .
Historically , at least , it must have provided believers and their communities some sort of advantage , or else it would have disappeared .
The argument breaks down into the so - called byproduct and adaptation camps .
Of course , they might both be right .
" Religious beliefs might have arisen as a byproduct , " said Justin Barrett , an Oxford University specialist in the cognitive neuroscience of religion , " but once in place , they 're pretty handy . "
Grafman started by interviewing 26 people of varying religious sentiments , breaking down their beliefs into three psychological categories :
God 's perceived level of involvement in the world , God 's perceived emotions , and religious knowledge gained through doctrine or experience .
Then they submitted statements based on these categories to 40 people hooked to fMRI machines .
Statements based on God 's involvement — such as " God protects one 's life " or " Life has no higher purpose " — provoked activity in brain regions associated with understanding intent .
Statements of God 's emotions — such as " God is forgiving " or " the afterlife will be punishing " — stimulated regions responsible for classifying emotions and relating observed actions to oneself .
Knowledge - based statements , such as " a source of creation exists " or " religions provide moral guidance , " activated linguistic processing centers .
Taken together , the neurological states evoked by the questions are known to cognitive scientists as the Theory of Mind :
They underlie our understanding that other people have minds , thoughts and feelings .
The advantages of a Theory of Mind are clear .
People who lack one are considered developmentally challenged , even disabled .
Anthropologist Scott Atran , a proponent of the byproduct hypothesis , has suggested that it let our ancestors quickly distinguish between friends and enemies .
And once humans were able to imagine someone who was n't physically present , supernatural beliefs soon followed .
But just as a Theory of Mind provided benefits , so might its supernatural byproducts and the religions that grew from them .
Unlike other animals , humans can imagine the future , including their own death .
The hope given by religious beliefs to people confronting their own mortality might provide motivation to care for their offspring .
Supernatural beliefs may also have produced group - level advantages that then conferred benefits to individuals .
" You get some selective advantages , such as inter - group cooperation and self - policing morality , " said Barrett .
" And maybe the entire network of belief practices , and whatever is behind them , gets reinforced . "
According to Barrett , religion may even have created a feedback loop , refining the Theory of Mind that produced it .
" It could be that when you 're in a religious community , it improves what psychologists call perspective - taking , " he said .
" Exercising your Theory of Mind could be good for developing it , making your reasoning more robust . "
David Sloan Wilson , an evolutionary biologist at Binghamton University , said the findings fit with the idea that religion started as a cognitive byproduct and became a cultural adaptation , but cautioned against over - interpreting them .
" It 's tremendous to see religious belief manifested at the neurological level , " he said .
" But there 's a sense that when you bring things down to that level , that trumps other kinds of understanding .
That 's not true in this case . "
Grafman declined to speculate , instead concentrating on what he hopes to achieve with future research : studying other kinds of religions than were represented in his small sample size , and comparing religious cognition to legal and political certainties .
" The differences and nuances between these types of belief systems will be important to understanding the deliberation that goes on , " he said .
Grafman also stressed that the study examined only the nature of religion , not the existence of God .
" He , or She , did n't come in for the evaluation , " he said .
Citation : " Cognitive and neural foundations of religious belief . "
By Dimitrios Kapogiannis , Aron Barbey , Michael Su , Giovanna Zamboni , Frank Krueger , and Jordan Grafman .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences * , Vol. 106 , No. 10 , March 9 , 2009 .*
* Image : Neural activation produced by God 's perceived love ( left ) and anger ( right ) / *PNAS
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
A nearly full Moon sets as the space shuttle Discovery sits atop Launch pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral , Florida , in the early morning hours of Wednesday , March 11 , 2009 .
Thisarticle was updated at 7:05 p.m. EDT .
CAPECANAVERAL , Fla . - NASA 's shuttle Discovery and its seven - astronaut crew willhave to wait at least a few more days to rocket into orbit after a last minute gasleak prevented a Wednesday launch attempt .
Missionmanagers called off Discovery ? slaunch attempt after detecting a leak of gaseous hydrogen in a line thatruns into the shuttle ?s attached external fuel tank .
NASA is now targeting a launch for no earlier than March 15 at 7:43 p.m. EDT ( 2343 GMT ) .
The extra time will allow engineers to take a look at the leak and make necessary repairs , mission managers said in a briefing after the launch attempt .
The leakoccurred in a gaseous hydrogen vent line that runs into Discovery ?s 15 - story fueltank to keep its supply of liquid hydrogen propellant adequately pressurized .
NASA space shuttlesuse super - chilled liquid hydrogen propellant and liquid oxygen oxidizer to feedtheir three main engines during launch .
NASAofficially scrubbed the launch plan at 2:37 p.m. EDT ( 1837 GMT ) .
Discovery wasscheduled to lift off from theseaside Pad 39A here at NASA 's Kennedy Space Center at 9:20 p.m. EDT ( 0120 March 12 GMT ) .
" Teamsare going to get together and assess the repair options , " said NASAspokesman Allard Beutel .
The leakwas discovered at 2:15 p.m. EDT ( 1815 GMT ) , about two hours after ground crewsbegan filling the shuttle 's massive orange external fuel tank .
The problemforced them to halt fueling immediately .
Weather forecasts had predicted a pristine 95 percent chance of favorable flight conditions for tonight ?s launch attempt .
A newdelay
Wednesday ? slaunch delay is the latest in a seriesof setbacks that have postponed Discovery ?s STS - 119 mission for a month .
Theshuttle was initially slated to launch on Feb. 12 , but concerns with suspectfuel control valves in the spacecraft ?s main engines prompted additional delaysso engineers could replace them .
Like theleaky gas hydrogen line that thwarted Discovery ? s
Wednesday launch , the shuttle ?
sthree fuel control valves are also designed to maintain the proper pressure insidethe liquid hydrogen fuel reservoir of the orbiter ?s attached external tank .
Asimilar valve on the shuttle Endeavour cracked during a November 2008 launchand NASA wanted to be sure a similar problem did not pose a risk to Discoveryand its crew .
Discovery ? svalves were replaced twice , with mission managers deciding earlier this monththat the shuttle was fit to fly .
Commandedby veteran shuttle flyer Lee Archambault , Discovery ' sseven - astronaut crew will launch toward the International Space Stationcarrying the outpost 's final pair of U.S. - built solar wings and the last segmentof its backbone - like main truss .
The 14 - day mission will also ferry Japanese astronaut Koichi Wakata to thestation , where he will replace NASA astronaut Sandra Magnus as a member of theorbiting lab 's three - person crew .
Wakata is Japan 's first long - durationastronaut and is due to return to Earth later this summer .
Set tolaunch spaceward aboard Discovery with Archambault and Wakata are STS - 119 pilotTony Antonelli and mission specialists Joseph Acaba , Steven Swanson , RichardArnold II and John Phillips .
Discovery ? stwo - week mission will mark NASA 's first shuttle flight of the year .
IfDiscovery is unable to launch Thursday , a third attempt is possible on Friday .
NASA has until March 17 to launch the shuttle before standing down due to apreviously scheduled Soyuz flight to ferry the new Expedition 19 crew to thespace station .
If the shuttle cannot launch by March 17 , NASA plans to standdown until after the space station crew change , with the next launch windowopening on April 7 .
SPACE .comis providing continuous coverage of STS - 119 with reporter Clara Moskowitz atCape Canaveral and senior editor Tariq Malik in New York .
Click here for missionupdates and SPACE .
com 's live NASA TV video feed .
Live launch coverage beginsat 4:00 p.m. EDT ( 2000 GMT ) .
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida 
Space shuttle Discovery 's launch date remained uncertain after a marathon meeting Friday by senior NASA officials at Kennedy Space Center .
They could not agree to launch the year 's first mission next Friday , as tentatively planned , and a mid-March time frame was under consideration .
Throughout the day , managers and engineers discussed ongoing concerns about a critical set of shuttle valves that have delayed the flight several from its original Feb. 12 target date .
The three pop -up valves regulate the flow hydrogen gas from each of the shuttle 's main engines to its rust - colored , 15 - story external tank .
That allows the tank to maintain proper pressure as liquid hydrogen propellant is burned during the 8.5 - minute climb to orbit .
If pressure rises too high or sinks too low , or if a fragment from a broken valve punctures the gas line , the results could be catastrophic for the shuttle 's seven astronauts .
The potential problem emerged during Endeavour 's launch in November , when a small piece of a valve broke off .
No harm was done , but engineers worried about how likely another failure was and how big a fragment could break off .
Weeks of extensive tests across the country ensued to study the consequences of one or more broken valves , and to better understand the cause of the breakage .
Managers on Friday were deciding whether the risk was low enough to proceed with at least one flight while continuing to study the problem .
Seven astronauts are set to install the space station 's final set of huge American solar array wings , completing its power supply .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The Latest News from Around The World
A collection of cartoons from the Christan Journal , Michael .
What is Social Credit ?
Practical Christianity A Christan Socialism
This is from their gallery
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Yglesias is n't too worried about the Afghan ramp - up .
He 's right to welcome some clear benchmarks , and the potential for off - ramps if the whole thing deteriorates even further .
But I think he 's wrong to focus on numbers .
60,000 troops is not a lot of troops compared with our commitment to Iraq right now - but also a tiny number of troops in the vast expanse of Afghanistan .
What matters is how they are deployed , and one can only hope that David Brooks is right that they 've learned an awful lot since they got there .
Then the regional question :
The other interesting point is that “ officials said he planned to recast the Afghan war as a regional issue involving not only Pakistan but also India , Russia , China , the United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia and the Central Asian states . ”
This is exactly right .
As I was saying yesterday you have to at things through some very American - tinted lenses to see a “ regional ” consisting of Pakistan and Afghanistan somewhere on the map .
Pakistan ’s “ regional ” outlook is all about India , and Russia and China see Afghanistan as existing in a “ region ” of Central Asian states that border them .
America ’s interests in Afghanistan are narrow and a little bit idiosyncraticrelating to the contingent fact that Osama bin Laden took his operation there about a decade agobut there are also enduring facts of geography and culture that shape other countries ’ responses .
But America 's relatively tiny stake there means that we will always be outlasted by those with deeper commitments , wider knowledge and much greater fanaticism .
And yet we plow on ...
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
SlippedStream Improved - Free TV on Your PC
SlippedStream now has close to 300 users , and it just got better .
We 've added lots more channels :
Manga
Cartoons
New live channels like NBC , FOX and lots more
For a full list of all the content currently showing in SlippedStream , browse over to :
So what is SlippedStream ?
Everyone knows that there are loads of free streaming television channels on the internet , live channels , films cartoons , television series and lots more .
If you 've ever tried looking for them , they turn out to be easier said than found .
Pages of dead links , or links that go to pages that link back to the pages you 've just come from .
But it is out there .
There are hundreds of live channels , TV series , cartoons , manga and lots more : if you know where to look .
Unfortunately it 's a moving target .
Streaming sites come and go all the time .
It 's enough to make your head spin .
Luckily you can give your poor head a rest and settle back to enjoy the entertainment .
Someone has gone to the trouble of hunting down all the real sources of free movies and television and package it in an application called SlippedStream .
The list is maintained , so new channels are added regularly and any dead links removed .
SlippedStream is available for a one off payment of £ 4.99 ( less than $ 10 ) .
Once purchased , SlippedStream is yours to enjoy for as long as the internet keeps rolling .
Very Strong Typing for Python
I recently stumbled across a new design pattern that can provide very strong typing ( type safety ) for almost any language .
Below is my implementation for Python .
def SomeFunction ( inString ) :
. . .
Anyone got a name for this new design pattern ?
How about Strongly Enforced Typing ?
Hot Programming Languages
The new TIOBE programming language community index is out :
Python continues its climb and is now in position seven .
Not bad .
PHP is now only three times as popular .
What is weird is that C# has moved down .
C# is actually quite a nice language , for a curly braces language , and it is odd that it is n't gaining users from C ++.
I guess not everyone is in a rush to embrace the .NET framework , which is also odd given that Java rules the roost in position one .
The heroes of the day are Ruby , which is up fourteen places ( no surprise , but still less than a third of the popularity of Python ) and D , also up fourteen places ( more of a surprise ) .
There is an interesting module for writing Python extensions in D : PyD .
( Clever name - .pyd is the file extension for compiled modules on Windows . )
D claims to be what C++ could have been , and PyD looks like a lot less of a pain to write fast , portable , natively compiled extensions with than C .
Perl seems to be languishing in the index , probably due partly to the rise in popularity of alternative dynamic languages ( PHP is now the ' de - facto ' web language and Python is catching up for sys - admin tasks ) and partly because of the slow development of Perl 6 .
Larry Wall 's State of the Onion 10 is an interesting ( fun ) read by the way .
PHP 6 also seems to have problems as the ( one of ? ) lead developers Jani Taskinen has recently quit .
His official goodbye is here , but in a bizarre twist the real reason is allegedly in this IRC log .
One of the best comments on slashdot was :
Wow , quite a resume there .
He will be difficult to replace .
For that matter , he will be difficult to ereg_replace , eregi_replace , mb_ereg_replace , mb_eregi_replace , preg_replace , str_replace , or str_ireplace .
More interesting on PHP , is this article bewailing that Python is about to turn PHP into a ' legacy language ' .
Also interesting is that the following two ' very approximate ' metrics seem to show interest in Python , php , Ruby and Perl roughly converging over time :
The graphs generated by Indeed.com Job Trends show a different story , with these four languages holding basically stable positions over the last year .
Movable Python for Python 2.5 ( Part II )
When I uploaded Movable Python for Python 2.5 , I uploaded a demo version by mistake .
That is now corrected and a new Mega - Pack is also uploaded .
My apologies .
You can obtain these from the Movable Python Tradebit Pages .
Included in the new Mega - Pack is an updated version of Movable Python .
NET .
This one will work with relative paths to interpreters .
This new version is also available separately for those who have access to the Mega - Pack .
The Python 2.5 distribution now includes pywin32 build 210 .
Another update of Movable Python is due shortly , hopefully with Pythonwin compatibility fixes and documentation updates .
The other distributions will be updated then .
The last of the good news is that I have also created a new demo version , this one is built with Movable Python 2.0.0 Beta 1 :
The bad news is that promised price increase for the Python 2.5 distribution has happened .
It now costs £ 4.99 which is less than ten dollars .
The discount is still available if you have already purchased a distribution of Movable Python , but want to upgrade to the Mega - Pack .
Privately email me at michael@voidspace.org.uk if you want details .
Mac OS X on VMWare
Just for fun I tried installing Mac OS X on my new PC .
I followed the instructions from the osx86 Project , which uses the free VMWare Server .
So far so good , and surprisingly easy .
The question is , if I buy a copy of Mac OS X , is this legal and sustainable ?
The answer to the first part of the question is probably : ' legal enough ' .
What is more worrying is that using Mac OS X in this way requires a patched version of Mac OS .
For starters it 's running on an AMD box instead of an intel box .
This means that any future OS upgrades or patches are likely to stop it from working .
sigh
For the record :
I used the patched JaS 10.4.6 version of Mac OS X
version of Mac OS X I used Daemon - tools to mount the DVD image
I had to follow the extra steps in both comment 1 and comment 2
Running under VMWare ( and with only 512 mb memory ) , it runs a little slowly ; but not too badly .
I wonder what it would be like to develop with
Pythonwin and Movable Python
There is a problem with the " Run Script " dialog in Pythonwin , when run with Movable Python .
I actually get the same problem on a couple of machines using normal Python , but it looks like not many other people have the same problem .
It appears that a spurious event is being raised , causing the ' browse ' button to be fired repeatedly .
A temporary solution is to comment out the following line in pythonwin.pywin.framework.scriptutils.DlgRunScript :
self.HookCommand ( self .
OnBrowse , win32ui.IDC_BUTTON2 )
There is a similar issue with GREP .
I 'll report a similar fix , if one exists .
I 'll also be working on a more permanent fix .
Calender Template for Firedrop
If you use Firedrop2 the Blog Client , you may be interested in a new template which provides a calendar for your archives .
This will only work if you archive your entries monthly , but is still pretty cool .
You can see Adalbert 's announcement regarding the new template at :
He also has some patches for Firedrop2 , and a prebuilt RPM .
Archives
COROT has found the smallest terrestrial planet ever detected outside the Solar System .
The amazing planet is less than twice the size of Earth and orbits a Sun - like star .
Its temperature is so high that it is possibly covered in lava or water vapour .
About 330 exoplanets have been discovered so far , most of which are gas giants with characteristics similar to Jupiter and Neptune .
The new find , COROT - Exo - 7b , is different : its diameter is less than twice that of Earth and it orbits its star once every 20 hours .
It is located very close to its parent star , and has a high temperature , between 1000 and 1500°C .
Astronomers detected the new planet as it transited its parent star , dimming the light from the star as it passed in front of it .
The density of the planet is still under investigation : it may be rocky like Earth and covered in liquid lava .
It may also belong to a class of planets that are thought to be made up of water and rock in almost equal amounts .
Given the high temperatures measured , the planet would be a very hot and humid place .
" Finding such a small planet was not a complete surprise " , said Daniel Rouan , researcher at the Observatoire de Paris Lesia , who coordinates the project with Alain Léger , from Institut d'Astrophysique Spatiale ( Paris , France ) .
" COROT - Exo - 7 b belongs to a class of objects whose existence had been predicted for some time .
COROT was designed precisely in the hope of discovering some of these objects , " he added .
Very few exoplanets found so far have a mass comparable to Earth 's and the other terrestrial planets : Venus , Mars , and Mercury .
This is because terrestrial planets are extremely difficult to detect .
Most of the methods used so far are indirect and sensitive to the mass of the planet , while COROT can directly measure the size of its surface , which is an advantage .
In addition , its location in space allows for longer periods of uninterrupted observation than from ground .
This discovery is significant because recent measurements have indicated the existence of planets of small masses but their size remained undetermined until now .
The internal structure of COROT - exo - 7b particularly puzzles scientists ; they are unsure whether it is an ' ocean planet ' , a kind of planet whose existence has never been proved so far .
In theory , such planets would initially be covered partially in ice and they would later drift towards their star , with the ice melting to cover it in liquid .
" This discovery is a very important step on the road to understanding the formation and evolution of our planet , " said Malcolm Fridlund , ESA 's COROT Project Scientist .
" For the first time , we have unambiguously detected a planet that is ' rocky ' in the same sense as our own Earth .
We now have to understand this object further to put it into context , and continue our search for smaller , more Earth - like objects with COROT , " he added .
BEIJING  The Chinese premier Wen Jiabao expressed concern on Friday about the safety of China ’s $ 1 trillion investment in American government debt , the world ’s largest such holding , and urged the Obama administration to provide assurances that its investment would keep its value in the face of a global financial crisis .
Speaking at a news conference at the end of the Chinese parliament ’s annual session , Mr. Wen said he was “ worried ” about China ’s holdings of Treasury bonds and other debt , and that China was watching United States economic developments closely .
“ President Obama and his new government have adopted a series of measures to deal with the financial crisis .
We have expectations as to the effects of these measures , ” Mr. Wen said .
“ We have lent a huge amount of money to the U.S .
Of course we are concerned about the safety of our assets .
To be honest , I am definitely a little worried . ”
He called on the United States to “ maintain its good credit , to honor its promises and to guarantee the safety of China ’s assets . ”
The October CoffeeGeek tasting at Vancouver 's Bump n' Grind Café ( located on Commercial Drive at Venables ) could n't have been more perfectly timed for yours truly .
The night before was a vigorous celebration of my 29th birthday , and the promise of quality coffee to sooth my aching liver certainly spurred me out of the house with a burst of energy that I should n't have been capable of at the time .
With the September tasting under my belt and additional education gleaned from regular visits to the new Italian - style espresso bar on my block , I also felt more confident in my ability to assess the roasts that would be sampled on this day , care of San Francisco 's Ritual Coffee .
I arrived at the café 30 minutes before start to find it hopping with group meetings and laptop - equipped persons rooted in their seats for the long haul .
A moment of panic - did I get the date wrong ?
Did I miss the event entirely ?
A check - in with proprietors Joe and Audrey confirmed otherwise , as they began the tenuous task of informing their customers of the upcoming seminar .
By then , a few attendees had already streamed in , and it was n't long before the dais was prepped and guests were settled in their spots .
The crowd on this day was substantial : almost all the seating space was filled and it was standing room only by the stage and entranceway .
Mark Prince , founder of CoffeeGeek and emcee of the day , greeted the group with a warm hello and described the format for the afternoon .
Unlike the September tasting , which consisted of a vertical flight of 3 Ethiopian Sidamos , the October event would provide a free sampling of roasts from two different parts of the world .
Matalapa Coffee Beans
Grinds from the Matalapa
The first hails from the Matalapa region of El Salvador , grown on a farm called La Libertad ; these farmers garnered a prestigious Cup of Excellence finals standing for this particular bean in 2008 .
The second was a Kenyan - from Muburi , Kirinyaga to be precise - grown 1700 metres above sea level in volcanic loam .
I was excited by this change in format .
I found the September tasting overwhelming for a coffee beginner .
While it was indeed eye - opening to discover the variances in flavour that could occur between crops grown within 40 kilometres of one another , it was a little early in my acquaintance of coffee nuances to be able to appreciate it in full ( and in one taste ) .
I had to go back for repeat sips : sip of # 1 , sip of # 2 ; a comparison of # 2 with # 3 ; and so on and so forth with all the permutations that were possible .
By the end of the Sidamo evaluation , my senses could not process the bonus Brazil that was being brewed on the Clover .
It was therefore my hope that the horizontal bean selection and reduced sample size would not cause my tongue to fizzle out this time .
As the Matalapa was prepared in a 1.5 litre press pot , a cupful of the freshly ground bean was passed around for a sniff test , with instructions from Prince to give the side of the cup a quick tap during the inhale , provoking the grounds into releasing more of its essence into the nose .
Eyes closed with my olfactory tuned into the grinds , and I 'm reminded of an alpine hike I did in a few months ago in Garibaldi Park .
It smelled cool and earthy with a dry , cedar chip quality .
Visually , the pieces themselves were coarse shards - a setting optimized for a press pot brew .
It contrasted greatly with my recollection of my husband 's fine and sandy grinds for our ( gasp ) drip machine at home , and the salt or sugar crystals that Prince described as the typical ground size for espresso .
Brewed Matalapa
First impressions with the brew itself : nutty , oils shimmering on the surface , with a heavier presence of body than I recalled in any of the Sidamos I 'd tried in the previous month .
Prince had recently tried Intelligentsia 's roast from a similar Matalapa regional crop and communicated how he found the Ritual roast to be less acidic , with more body in comparison .
Prince called upon the bevvy of talented Vancouver baristas that were in attendance to chime in with their tasting notes .
Spencer Viehweger of JJ Bean was similarly taken by the fullness of the Matalapa : " It has lots of body and is quite clean , too - especially for a press pot coffee . "
" If I could liken it to something sweet , like candy , I 'd say Amaretto , " replied Sammy Piccolo of Caffé Artigiano .
Piccolo also discovered elements of hazelnut in his cup .
Checking Samples
Attendees compare samples of the beans and grinds that were being distributed for a sniff test
The grounds from the Muburi bean did not capture my imagination or evoke memories of times past quite like the Matalapa did .
Taste - wise , it was more bitter , lighter in body , with a greater hint of fruit swirling in its depths .
As I have a low tolerance for bitters in both coffee and alcohol , I vastly preferred the Matalapa to the Muburi .
" I got red fruit ; a peppered raspberry , " described Colter Jones of 49th Parallel Café .
" Something like a white pepper ... but maybe that 's just me . "
Prince also commented that Kenyans like the Murubi are often described to have blueberry or wine - like characteristics .
Nod after nod from the assembled masses signalled their accord , with a murmurs of agreement after others took in another swig to test this claim .
Muburi grind sample
Pouring the Muburi
Tutorials and Champion Espresso Brewing Handouts of Imbibe Article
Another new item on the agenda was the inclusion of a French press how - to .
Prince has already authored a number of popular tutorials on this topic on CoffeeGeek.com and Imbibe Magazine .
During the day 's session , copies of this article from Imbibe were distributed to participants and were referenced throughout the in-person demonstration .
Prince performed the six - step process described in the article while extolling the virtues of a quality grinder .
" For a press pot , having a quality grinder is even more important than for drip coffee , because you want to have as little dust ( fine grinds ) as possible in order to have a cleaner cup .
The larger the press you use , the more difficult it is to plunge , as these grinds often get stuck in the mesh filter . "
Also explained was the ratio of bean to coffee , which for the average press is approximately 7 grams per " cup " ( the actual volume of a cup is dependent on the specifications of press pot 's manufacturer but is often 3 or 4 ounces ) .
" Manufacturers often include this with the pot , " as Prince holds up a small scoop , " which , when it 's rounded , is roughly equal to 7 grams of coffee .
You do n't need a scale .
In fact , I recommend using just a tablespoon measure , which is also roughly 7 grams . "
The basic French press walkthrough met with enthusiastic applause .
But Prince did not stop there .
For the more adventurous , he demoed a " stir and scoop method " where an additional 2 grams of coffee are added to the typical 7 - gram dose of grounds ( per " cup " ) .
The grinds are agitated and the plunger is ignored until the very end ; a saucer is used in its place throughout the steeping time , and two spoons are used to scoop off the grinds before the plunger is finally applied and pressed , and the brew is poured .
Plate covering press pot
Steeped grinds , ready to remove
Scooping off grinds
Plunging Coffee
As a special treat , two additional espresso roasts were available for a nominal charge following the tasting and tutorial , pulled at the Synesso by Piccolo , who also happens to be a 4 - time Canadian Barista Champion and fresh from his 2008 win in Montreal .
Attendees raced to the counter for a taste while I paused to snap some shots of the action .
My first sip was from a ristretto of Ritual 's single - origin espresso roast , drawn from the same Matalapa bean that for me was the winner of the day 's press pot tasting .
I did n't sip at it for long .
It was awash with silt , burnt toast , and a strange gumminess that I sought desperately to erase off my tongue .
But I was n't the only one who was n't a fan .
Prince found it far too bright and acidic .
Audrey , co-proprietor of Bump n' Grind , found it much too lemony ; she pulled a grimace of distaste so acute that I grieved at the loss of that picture - perfect moment .
Prince chimed in on some reasons : " It 's very difficult to get a satisfying shot from a single origin coffee , and I say that not from a lack of trying .
S - O shots , as they 're called , are all the rage with a lot of US and Canadian roasters and cafes , but for me , they do n't represent everything espresso is capable of .
Espresso brewing is the most torturous thing you can do to a coffee bean and still hopefully have something that tastes good , great or better .
To do that , you need complexity and elements in the ground coffee that compliment and contrast each other .
You get that from a blend crafted by a master roaster .
With single origin , you tend to get one hit wonders and more often than naught , the flaws in a particular bean are exposed as much , if not more so than the highlights .
Espresso brewing is a magnifying glass for everything good and bad in a bean . "
Espresso please
Seminar guests and customers alike lined up for the afternoon 's espresso bar offerings .
The other espresso roast up for grabs was Ritual 's Lifesaver Espresso blend , so dubbed for its sensory resemblance to the fruity hard candy of the same name .
It was such a crowd pleaser that the 1 - pound bag was completely emptied within the space of 45 minutes .
None was left by the time I lined up for a cup .
Fortunately , some of the lingering audience members were happy to share their reactions .
Joelle , a barista with Caffe Artigiano , found it sweet on the onset with a bitter endnote .
Michael also enjoyed it but found it " too sweet to drink on a regular basis " .
Brent , a regular patron of Bump n' Grind , liked the sweetness that his Lifesaver ristretto provided .
Angie Lof , ex-barista trainer for JJ Bean , expounded on her experience with the Lifesaver blend .
" What I tasted did not reflect what it said on paper , " said Lof .
" It was tangy , a bit tart , but I was n't getting a lot of the sweet , fruity notes .
As I added milk , it did get a lot sweeter . "
Joe , co-owner of Bump n' Grind , also shared his opinion : " It 's well named ; sweet with a really bright acidity that is reminiscent of 49th Parallel 's Epic Espresso blend . "
Two pounds of the Lifesaver blend were sent for this tasting , but Joe put one pound in their Anfim grinder that morning ; it proved so popular and was met with such rave reviews by their loyal customers that it was gone in just under an hour .
Overall , I walked away with a positive evaluation of Ritual 's coffee offerings , a connaissance with the coffee regions of El Salvador and Kenya , and the knowledge of how to operate a French press for the day that one will bless our household .
I now await with bated breath on what November 's month - end tasting will hold in store for us all .
Editors note : wed like to thank the following companies for their help and support for this event :
Bump n Grind Café , 916 Commercial Drive , Vancouver , BC , Canada
Ritual Coffee for supplying the great coffees this round .
49th Parallel Roasters for loan of 24 3.5 oz cups and press pots .
Elysian coffee for the loan of a hot water tower .
Karen Hamilton uses her keyboard , camera , and kitchen to expound on her favourite subject : food .
Her exploration of all things edible in Vancouver , British Columbia is diarized at TinyBites.ca .
IF such outperformance is n’t enough to overcome the drag of expenses , what would do the trick ?
Mr. Kritzman calculates that just to break even with the index fund , net of all expenses , the actively managed fund would have to outperform it by an average of 4.3 percentage points a year on a pre-expense basis .
For the hedge fund , that margin would have to be 10 points a year .
The chances of finding such funds are next to zero , said Russell Wermers , a finance professor at the University of Maryland .
Consider the 452 domestic equity mutual funds in the Morningstar database that existed for the 20 years through January of this year .
Morningstar reports that just 13 of those funds beat the Standard & Poor ’s 500 - stock index by at least four percentage points a year , on average , over that period .
That ’s less than 3 out of every 100 funds .
But even that sobering statistic paints too rosy a picture , the professor said .
That ’s because it ’s one thing to learn , after the fact , that a fund has done that well , and quite another to identify it in advance .
Indeed , he said , he has found from his research that only a minority of funds that beat the market in a given year can outperform it the next year as well .
Professor Wermers said he believed that it was “ exceedingly probable that any fund that has beaten the market by an average of more than one percentage point per year over the last decade achieved that return almost entirely due to luck alone . ”
“ By definition , therefore , such a fund could not have been identified in advance , ” he added .
The investment implication is clear , according to Mr. Kritzman .
“ It is very hard , if not impossible , ” he wrote in his study , “ to justify active management for most individual , taxable investors , if their goal is to grow wealth . ”
And he said that those who still insist on an actively managed fund are almost certainly “ deluding themselves . ”
What if you ’re investing in a tax - sheltered account , like a 401 ( k ) or an I.R.A.?
In that case , Mr. Kritzman conceded , the odds are relatively more favorable for active management , because , in his simulations , taxes accounted for about two - thirds of the expenses of the actively managed mutual fund and nearly half of the hedge fund ’s .
But he emphasized the word “ relatively . ”
“ Even in a tax - sheltered account , ” he said , “ the odds of beating the index fund are still quite poor . ”
Alcoholism has always fascinated me more than any other drug addiction .
It is separated in its legality and social acceptability , so thus there exists a legion of alcoholics far greater in number than junkies of any other sort .
An entire subculture , one that ’s often miserable , exists within almost every human civilization – the culture of the alcoholic .
Though I ’ve never suffered from alcoholism , as part of my court probation I ’ve been ordered to attend , and participate in , Alcoholics Anonymous meetings multiple times a week .
I ’ve been going for over a year now and as a result I ’ve seen a new reality to alcoholism .
Though often glorified or embellished , some films offer a revealing peek into the lives of alcoholics .
Keep in mind , the difference between these films and other films about substance abuse is the gigantic number of alcoholics in the world .
Their lives are legal and often balked at by friends or family as an acceptable nuisance .
Whether you realize it or not , it ’s more than likely that you ’ve known or know an alcoholic .
Here are ten exceptional examples of films that revolve around alcoholics .
Please comment if you ’re a recovering alcoholic ( or a current one for that matter ) and tell us your stories or what you think about the accuracy of those films on the list which make an honest attempt at expressing the life of an alcoholic .
( Or add to the list ! )
10 Bad Santa
This movie often gets a bad rap but I consider it to be pretty solid .
Though it ’s a comedy , the film does n’t really make light of the main character ’s alcoholic state .
In the film the main character Willie T. Stokes is a bitter , lonely alcoholic .
Willie works the holiday seasons as a mall Santa along with his dwarf friend , Marcus , who works as Santa ’s elf .
Every Christmas
Eve , the two of them disable the security alarm after the mall closes and rob the mall safe ; afterwards , Marcus returns to living with his wife , while Willie goes to Miami and spends all his money on booze .
The Christmas season that year begins like any other but outside forces make sure it does n’t end the same .
The portrayal of the hopeless alcoholic lifestyle in this film gives you a really bad taste in your mouth .
Though it ’s embellished a fair amount , the aesthetic effect of the “ alcoholism ” scenes give you a dirty feeling that can be true to what “ rock - bottom ” looks like .
9 Strange Brew
When I was researching for the list I kept running into this movie and people really seem to love it .
Here is a synopsis of the premise the movie begins with .
Two unemployed brothers , Bob and Doug McKenzie , are in a bind when they give away their father ’s beer money and then run out of beer .
The brothers place a mouse in a beer bottle in an attempt to get free Elsinore beer from the local beer store , but are told by the no-nonsense clerk — under threat of being shoved into a bottle themselves — to take up the matter at the Elsinore brewery instead .
After presenting the evidence to management at Elsinore brewery , the brothers are given jobs on the line inspecting the bottles for mice .
They take this opportunity to drink lots of free beer off the line ; later , they surprise their parents with a van full of Elsinore products .
Then , along with some ridiculously cheesy , plot twists ; hilarity ensues .
8 Days of Wine and Roses
This is a classic cautionary tale .
Days of Wine and Roses is the quintessential piece of cinema for warning people of the dangers of alcoholism .
It ’s often loaned from person to person in Alcoholics Anonymous meetings all over , and is suggested viewing in many other programs designed for recovering alcoholics .
The film centers on Joe Clay , who meets and falls in love with Kirsten Arnesen , a bright , non-drinking secretary .
They marry , conceive a child and make a home for themselves .
It ’s then that Joe introduces Kirsten to social drinking and its pleasures .
Reluctant at first , after her first few Brandy Alexanders , she admits that having a drink “ made me feel good . ”
Joe slowly goes from the “ two - martini lunch ” to alcoholism and in due time both succumb to the pleasures and pain of alcohol addiction .
The movie is old fashioned and can feel preachy , but its draw is in its honesty and genuine nature .
It ’s a good example of how the motives of Hollywood film making have changed over the years – it was produced with talented actors , talented filmmakers , and a solid budget for its time , and still has a positive moral motive .
It ’s a good film and it shows the downward spiral that alcoholism can be .
7 Arthur
I would n’t say this film contains the most honest portrayal of an alcoholic , but this list is n’t necessarily based on realism .
In the movie the late Dudley Moore ( a real - life alcoholic ) plays Arthur , a thirty year old alcoholic who will inherit 750 million dollars if he complies with his family ’s demands and marries the woman of their choosing .
Arthur falls in love with Linda , a tie stealing waitress from Queens and has to choose between true love and his inheritance .
His father and fellow millionaire Burt Johnson plot to have him marry Burt ’s daughter , Susan .
If he does n’t he loses the 3/ 4 of a billion dollar family fortune of his father and Aunt Martha .
But Arthur gets a push in the right direction from his Gentleman ’s Gentleman , Hobson .
The movie is genuinely funny and heartfelt , despite the fact it can make light of alcoholism .
6 Leaving Las Vegas
This is film based on a semi-autobiographical novel of the same name and written by an alcoholic writer .
It ’s easy to imagine why the best of these stories of alcoholism come straight from the source .
Leaving Las Vegas begins with an introduction to Ben Sanderson , a late - stage alcoholic who has hit rock bottom .
Trashing all personal and professional ties to his L.A. existence , he sets off for the lights of Vegas on a mission : to drink himself to death .
There he meets Sera , a beautiful , seen - it - all hooker .
Drama and romance ensue .
Tragically John O’Brien , the author of the novel , committed suicide just before the film was to be made .
The often over - the - top Nicolas Cage does a fantastically believable job playing the drunken Ben Sanderson and , like many other films dealing with alcoholics , his performance makes the movie .
5 Under the Volcano
Under the Volcano is n’t necessarily an amazing film , but Albert Finney ’s subtle and scrupulous portrayal of alcoholic Geoffrey Firmin is unmatched in its ironically graceful stupor ; is in itself is amazing .
Against a background of war breaking out in Europe and the Mexican fiesta Day of Death , we are taken through one day in the life of the lead character Firmin , a British consul living in alcoholic disrepair and obscurity in a small southern Mexican town in 1939 .
The Consul ’s self - destructive behavior is a source of perplexity and sadness to his nomadic , idealistic half - brother , Hugh , and his ex-wife , Yvonne , who has returned with hopes of healing Geoffrey and their broken marriage .
It is based on the 1947 novel of the same name , which is a semi-autobiographical account the author , Malcolm Lowry ’s , life .
4 Who ’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?
At the time of its release Who ’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? was considered very controversial and progressive for a big Hollywood production because of its brassiness and vulgar language .
In the film an associate professor of history has turned to alcohol to deal with his mean and vituperative wife .
Early on an acquainted couple are invited over for drinks , and over the course of the evening , the polished veneer of the hosts ’ tarnishes grotesquely .
The repartees of the history professor ’s consummately sophisticate wife degenerate into increasingly violent verbal abuse of both her husband and her guests , leading to the physical and emotion crumbling of the professor ’s apathetic façade .
Soon the guests begin mirroring their hosts in mutual antagonism , giving voice to buried resentments and alcohol - fueled revelations .
Though the films age has made it seem a bit preachy , its construction and acting is more than enough for it to retain its greatness .
It feels like honest portrayal of alcoholism ’s consequences .
3 Factotum
Factotum is a film based on ( the late ) Charles Bukowski ’s novel of the same name .
In the film , the main character Hank Chinaski ( based on Bukowski himself – a real life alcoholic ) is working toward becoming a writer , and follows his own advice that “ If you ’re going to try , go all the way . ”
The film follows Chinaski ’s various jobs and relationships with women .
The only things consistent in his life seem to be his drinking and his writing .
He has a more lasting relationship with one woman , Jan who is also a broke alcoholic .
As the film unravels it seems it will be impossible for Chinaski to stop ending up where he started , or make any reasonable progress at all .
No bother to him of course , he knows what kind of life he ’s living and never seems to consider any other option .
This is probably my favorite film on the list because there are n’t any tricks or fireworks ; it ’s simply about a man who is an alcoholic ; one that knows he ’ll never live any other way and deals with it accordingly .
2 House of Sand and Fog
House of Sand and Fog does n’t revolve solely on alcoholism , but the obliviously selfish nature of the main character is a common , and damaging , aspect of alcoholism .
In the film Kathy Nicolo is a recovering drug addict and current alcoholic living in a small house near the coast in Northern California .
She and her brother inherited the house from their father .
Abandoned by her husband and trapped by a malaise that has left her depressed and unresponsive to her surroundings , she ignores a number of notices threatening her with eviction for an alleged nonpayment of business taxes .
She only becomes aware of her precarious situation when the police forcibly remove her and her belongings from the house and put it up for auction .
The movie unfurls as she quarrels with her old house ’s new residents while attempting to regain ownership of her home .
This is one of my favorite plot oriented films and Jennifer Connelly delivers one of the finest performances I ’ve ever seen as Kathy .
1 Barfly
The praise for Barfly seems so universal I felt as though it had to be number one .
This is the second film on the list based on a Bukowski novels , centered on his alter ego Henry Chinaski ( or Hank Chinaski in Factotum ) .
The film focuses on the alcoholic life of Chinaski , who writes poetry and short stories , which he submits to literary magazines .
Drinking and fighting is how he spends his nights .
Chinaski is officially “ discovered ” when one of his submissions is published .
The publisher , Tully Sorenson immediately takes a fascinated interest with the proudly adamant alcoholic author and his lifestyle , which results in an altercation in the end of the film with another woman , Wanda , an alcoholic who has been living with Chinaski .
Barfly is a high caliber film with a top notch job by Mickey Rourke in the lead .
You can actually empathize with Chinaski which is quite an incredible feat , considering how perplexing his lifestyle can seem to a non-alcoholic .
That reason alone could justify its position at number one , but it has much more to offer besides that ; I think it ’s a pretty easy number one .
Feeling blue about our lousy economy ?
Watch a re-run or two of Obama 's talk today at George Mason University .
It will make you feel better -- or at least , it should .
Our President - elect knows how to say all the right things in the right way .
Just like Ronald Reagan .
And just like Reagan , Obama has vowed to turn Congress on its head to fix the nation 's ills .
" We must end the culture of anything goes ... and this change must begin in Washington .
" Will he succeed ?
Who knows ?
But at least judging from today 's speech , Obama knows what he needs to do .
And that 's a good start .
It 's easy , of course , to be cynical about political speeches , ...
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Hurricane - force winds lashed northern Spain on Saturday , bringing down the roof of a sports hall near Barcelona , killing four children , officials said .
Eleven people died in separate incidents in Spain and south - western France as the fiercest storm in a decade blew in from the Atlantic .
Torrential rains and winds of up to 184 km/h ( 114 m ph ) were reported .
It is now tracking across central Italy , bringing rain and winds of 80 - 95 km /h ( 50 - 60 mph ) , forecasters say .
Some 1.3 million homes in France suffered power cuts while road and rail links were blocked and airports closed .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy will visit the region on Sunday .
The impact of the storm was felt from the Channel Isles to Barcelona , but the strongest winds and heaviest rain were concentrated on south - western France .
See map of the storm 's path Although this type of active low pressure system is fairly common in winter , BBC meteorologist Alex Deakin says Saturday 's storm has been described as the most damaging since that of December 1999 , which killed 88 people and uprooted millions of trees .
The storm tracked south - eastwards and cleared the south - east coast of France during Saturday evening .
The Mediterranean islands of Corsica , Sardinia and Sicily have also been affected .
Children killed
The sports hall partially collapsed in the town of Sant Boi de Llobregat , Catalonia , with between 20 and 30 youngsters inside , officials said .
It started at around 0330 with a really wild wind
David Hodge
BBC News website reader
In pictures : Storm impact
The youngsters had gathered to play baseball but the fierce winds drove them to take shelter in a small covered area for spectators , made of concrete , with a corrugated iron roof .
" It seems that the roof shifted and brought down part of the wall , " a regional government spokeswoman said .
Local people and fire - fighters helped free the survivors from the rubble but three children aged between nine and 12 died at the scene , and a fourth child died later in hospital .
More than a dozen others received treatment for injures .
In other incidents :
In the Landes region of south - western France , near Bordeaux , a driver was killed by a falling tree , a 78 - year - old man was killed by flying debris and a third man , 75 , was crushed by a tree
A woman , 73 , died in France 's Gironde region when the storm cut electricity powering her breathing machine
A woman was crushed by a door in Burgos , Spain
A collapsing wall killed a woman and a falling tree killed a male park employee in the Barcelona area ; a man , 60 , was killed elsewhere in the Catalonia region
In Galicia , a policeman was killed by a falling tree as he directed traffic in Burela and a sailor from a cargo ship died when the vessel got in trouble off the coast
A falling wall crushed a man in Aigues de Busot , near Alicante in the south - east of Spain
Tens of thousands of homes have been left without power in Spain .
' Ghost town '
French weather agencies had forecast the storm but it affected a wider area than expected .
A state of " red alert " was declared in nine departments , but lifted by the end of Saturday .
People were screaming on the street below , and bits of masonry and scaffolding continued to fall
Simon Ritchie
BBC News website reader in Rodez , France
The storm caused havoc from the Dordogne area to the Pyrenees .
Torrential rains caused flooding in some areas prompting thousands of calls to the emergency services .
The force of the storm also led to the closure of airports in Bordeaux , Pau , Biarritz and Toulouse , and train services also ground to a halt , leaving several hundred passengers stranded in stations .
Many roads were also blocked .
Mark Richardson , a BBC News website reader visiting Bordeaux from the UK , said the city ground to a standstill following the storm overnight and felt like a ghost town .
Another reader , Simon Ritchie , witnessed the damage wrought by the storm in the French town of Rodez .
" This morning , I awoke to the sound of very strong winds and lashing rain or hail , " he said .
" I looked out of my kitchen 's skylight window to see scaffolding and sheets or corrugated iron blowing of the adjacent cathedral .
One such sheet blew about 50 yards from the tower and landed on a car below , smashing it in completely . "
" People were screaming on the street below , and bits of masonry and scaffolding continued to fall , " he added .
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a study published in the March issue of Cortex , researchers used a brain scanner to record the activity in each stage while people were in the process of drawing faces .
The researchers found that the captured visual information is stored as a series of locations or action plans to reach those locations .
It is as if the brain remembers key locations and then ' connect the dots ' with a straight or curved line to achieve the desired image on the page .
Participants who had no particular expertise as artists were studied using an MRI scanner to measure levels of oxygen in the brain .
They viewed black and white cartoons of faces and were asked to reproduce them using pencil and paper .
The results show that looking at the cartoons activated visual processing areas of the brain , that are known to be responsive to faces , especially if the cartoon was displayed at the same time as they produced the drawing .
But when the subjects had to wait before drawing , there was no maintained activity in these areas .
This suggests that the memory of the cartoon face is transformed into a different , non-visual form .
Instead , there was increased activity in parietal cortex and frontal areas consistent with the encoding and retention of the spatial information as an action plan , representing a series of targets for ocular fixation or as spatial targets for the drawing action .
Miall RC , Gowen E , Tchalenko J. Drawing cartoon faces  a functional imaging study of the cognitive neuroscience of drawing , Cortex ( 2008 ) , doi:10.1016/j.cortex.2007.10.013
In other experiments , the scientists have also precisely measured where people look as they perform these tasks .
They conclude that facial information is captured during a sequence of eye movements towards certain features of the cartoons , and the information is stored as spatial locations for subsequent eye and hand actions .
The drawing process then recreates these spatial features as the eye and hand are guided by the retained action plans .
Finally their work shows that brain imaging , in combination with eye and hand tracking , can dissect complex visually guided tasks into separate functional stages .
This work is an important step towards a full understanding of how sensory information is used to guide actions .
The implications are that the brain translates sensory information into action plans as soon possible , rather than maintaining and later copying from a mental image .
Article : " Drawing cartoon faces – a functional imaging study of the cognitive neuroscience of drawing " by Emma Gowen , R. Chris Miall and John Tchalenko , Cortex , Volume 45 , Issue 3 ( March 2009 ) , Elsevier in Italy .
doi:10.1016/j.cortex.2007.10.013
The History and Modern Uses of Bark
Similar to skin , bark is the outer covering of a tree .
It adapts to protect the living tree from the environment , and protects delicate tissues from diseases and insect attack .
It is composed of non living tissue on the outside and living tissue on the inside .
From cork to canoes , bark can be used to create a variety of practical objects
Bark is most commonly used to make baskets .
For hundreds of years , people of the Amazon basin have harvested the fibers from tree bark .
Bark was originally prepared by air drying and pounding it with a mallet on a smooth stone until it became supple .
After it hardened , it was split into pliable long strips .
The strips were then woven together to create baskets , containers , and an assortment of other objects .
Bark was also used to create magnificent canoes and corks .
Canoes have been in use for over 3000 years .
The first Canadian canoes were made with paper birch bark .
The canoes took many hours of manual labor to complete , and they proved to be incredibly durable .
The process of cork making was much easier .
First , the outer bark was removed without any tree damage .
Next , the cork was boiled , stacked and left outside to flatten for three weeks .
Many people are surprised to learn that there was a deep spiritual movement involving bark .
Years ago , people believed that spring and summer were the best months to remove bark from red and yellow cedar trees .
They believed that the yellow trees were superior to the red trees because they had greater strength .
Before they stripped the bark , they began praying to the tree asking for its “ dress ” to transform into fiber for baskets or clothing .
In Australia , shelters made out of bark were covered in spiritual paintings for sacred purposes .
Few people realize that in certain areas of the world , bark has been used for years to create extravagant clothing .
South America , Africa , Japan and South East Asia were all pioneers in the creation of bark clothing .
Bark was made into belts , headdresses and caps .
Similar to the Amazonians , cloth was produced and manufactured into capes , blankets , masks , and other articles of clothing .
Wearing bark clothing was a sign of wealth , and it was strictly worn by the elite upper class .
Currently , the uses of bark are both endless and pragmatic .
There is an enormous amount of research being conducted in the medical field to determine the benefits of bark .
Researchers recently declared that anti inflammatory compounds called phenolics found in the bark of Scotch pine may prove effective in fighting arthritis .
Scotch pine is the number one selling Christmas tree .
Researchers also believe that the pine bark extract can treat other various health problems .
The pine bark extract may potentially treat high blood pressure , asthma and heart disease .
In Europe , the willow bark extract is currently being prescribed to treat lower back pain .
A popular anesthetic , tubocurarine , is extracted from bark .
A few cancer drugs are also extracted from bark .
For example , the South African cape bush willow supplies treatments for lung and ovarian cancer .
An interesting fact about bark is that the main ingredient in aspirin , salicylic acid , is obtained from poplar and willow bark .
Bark has become a necessity in the production of clothing and recreational objects .
It is woven into capes , blankets , rain ponchos , baskets and mats .
Canoes are now being produced using a synthetic equivalent of birch bark , and birch bark is still widely used in the production of souvenirs in Europe .
Click or call today to arrange a complimentary consultation from our fully trained and certified arborists for tree care , tree pruning and lawn care services from SavATree .
Click here to contact the office nearest you .
The walls of Tower 's Water Street office are covered with motorcycle photographs , trophies , and a cover of RacerX magazine .
PHOTO BY LISA PROVENCE
Federal authorities announced March 11 that 52 - year - old Charlottesville - area resident John M. Donnelly has been indicted for fraudulently taking at least $ 11 million from as many as 31 investors in an alleged Ponzi scheme .
If true , the crime bears an eerie– - if smaller–- resemblance to the cases of Albemarle 's biggest thief , Terry Dowdell , and to Bernie Madoff , who appears to have pulled off the world 's largest fraud .
By selling limited partnership interests in three investment funds –- Tower Analysis Inc. , Nasco Tang Corp. , and Nadia Capital Corp . –-
Donnelly told investors that he would pool their funds in , among other things , stock and bond index derivatives .
" He seemed like a very pleasant guy , " said one person who saw Donnelly at work .
" I visited his office once , " says the person , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
" He had a bunch of computers .
It seemed like a very sophisticated operation . "
Investigators were in Donnelly 's office in the old C&O Station on Water Street all morning carrying material out , according to a neighbor who did not want to be identified .
The office was locked , although an arrangement of fresh flowers and a series of under - construction photos of the Eiffel Tower were visible from the door .
An accomplished motorcycle road racer , Donnelly also decorated his office with framed images of motorcycle racing including a cover of Racer X Illustrated .
" We 'd see him riding up on his motorcycle to work , " says the neighbor .
Donnelly lives in the 1500 block of Church Plains Drive near Crozet .
A message left at his home answering machine was not immediately returned .
His wife , Deborah Donnelly , is the executive director of the Curry School of Education Foundation .
Reached at her office this afternoon , Ms. Donnelly claimed it was the first she'd heard of the alleged Ponzi scheme run by her husband , but did say her husband had been arrested this afternoon .
" Until I talk to my husband , I can't say anything , " she said .
" I need to find out more , talk to a lawyer .
I want to be responsive here , but I 've got a kid coming home from high school , and I have to tell him first . "
According to the complaint from the Securities and Exchange Commission , Donnelly was promising his investors stellar returns of up to 22 percent annually .
However , the SEC claims , he did n't actually invest any money since 2002 .
The SEC alleges that Donnelly approached a small circle of friends in 1998 about making $ 5,000 and $ 10,000 investments in something called the Tower fund .
Donnelly raised $ 100,000 from these efforts by assuring his investors that he neither invested in stocks nor bonds , but instead " studied the markets to identify opportunities to take short term positions that would result in small profits . "
Instead , the government alleges , Donnelly used investor funds to repay other investors–- and pay himself approximately $ 1 million in salary and fees during the last three years .
The complaint also alleges that Donnelly has been soliciting investors for a new fund called Nadia Capital Partners LP , " based on misrepresentations about his past trading results , " the government contends .
Donnelly 's own marketing materials , as the government quotes them , claimed returns of 12.5 percent on investments of $ 100,000 or greater thanks to something he called Blue Logic which he described as a " proprietary model of financial markets using algorithms derived from the quantification of a fractal wave frequency model . "
There was at least some truth to this .
In 1982 , Donnelly appears to have defended his UVA senior thesis in astrophysics : " Astronomical Catastrophes and the Evolution of Intelligence . "
Last month , however , " Investor B " came forward , telling the SEC that Donnelly had confessed that all the statements Donnelly had sent him were fictitious and that Donnelly never actually made any trades on behalf of his Tower clients .
The federal district court in Charlottesville entered a temporary restraining order preventing Donnelly 's company 's from further activities and froze all assets under his control .
–last updated 5:08 pm , March 11
– This story is online - only
Filtered , hyperlocal 411
The tools we ’re building to find , aggregate and consume tailored , filtered and hyperlocalized information are still nascent .
My motto : register for everything , see what sticks .
In the last few months , I ’ve been hooked to EveryBlock , which lets you dive deep via street address and zip code , or pull back for city - wide look .
The amount of data that ’s fine - sliced by location , neighborhood and zip code is just amazing .
Beyond mentions of specific hoods in the mainstream media or blogs ( including Yelp restaurant reviews ) , what EveryBlock does really well is provide a user - friendly , easy - to - digest interface for exploring public records : every building permit , restaurant inspection , police call , zoning agenda item and more .
You can hone searches from a one - to eight - block radius around a particular address .
And you can set daily / weekly email alerts , as well ( I prefer a weekly update , but search via the site now and again ) .
There are handful of news -y aggregators like Placeblogger ( which I ’ve not tried ) and Outside .
In ( which I enjoy ) .
Much like the previously - reviewed PopUrls , Outside .
In gives you one place to go ( or email / RSS ) to monitor a variety of outlets — in this case location - specific “ news , views and conversations ” slotted into categories like food , music , real estate .
Good stuff , but a little different .
With EveryBlock , you get the actual public records , which tend to provide the most interesting tidbits , for me at least .
In addition to suspicious people alerts , car break - ins and violent crimes , I discovered a person on my block is intending to tear down a one - story , single - family home and build a four - story condo — yuck !
( Beware : you really can spend hours with all this data . )
The only catch : EveryBlock is only available in 11 cities ( as I write ) , but more are certainly on the way .
If you ’re using any similar sites / services you love — especially those covering areas EveryBlock does not — please tell us about them in the comments below .
-- Steven Leckart
The recently unveiled Left 4 Dead Survival pack for the Xbox 360 and PC will be free , Valve announced today .
Advertisement
The pack , due this spring , introduces a new multiplayer game mode entitled , Survival , plus two complete campaigns for Versus Mode ( Death Toll , Dead Air ) .
A Critic 's Choice Edition of the game will be heading to retail stores this spring , and will include access to all the content introduced in the L4D : Survival Pack .
Advertisement
Well played , Valve .
Well played .
Check this out for a full run down of the pack .
Two economists from Washington University have looked at current copyright and patent laws and concluded that they 're not good .
The pair see current Intellectual property laws as similar to ' medieval trade monopolies ' which were bad for the economy as a whole , and are calling for the system to be reformed .
Press releases from the MPAA and RIAA often emphasize how much the extension of copyright terms helps employment and assists the economy , but it ’s their job to push this angle .
It ’s when independent experts say that extending terms hurts the economy and stifles innovation that people should sit up and take notice .
All too often though , such experts are ignored because they are just people that know the subject , rather than fund politicians campaign contributions .
Moreover , they focus on facts and case histories , rather than vague associations or made - up figures .
Two such experts are Michele Boldrin and David K. Levine , economists at the Washington University in St Louis .
Boldrin , chairman of the university economics department , points out that what goes by the name ‘ Intellectual Property ’ is in fact “ an intellectual monopoly that hinders rather than helps the competitive free market regime that has delivered wealth and innovation to our doorsteps . ”
“ From a public policy view , we ’d ideally like to eliminate patent and copyright laws altogether , ” says Levine , the John H. Biggs Distinguished Professor of Economics .
“ There ’s plenty of protection for inventors and plenty of protection and opportunities to make money for creators .
It ’s not that we see this as some sort of charitable act that people are going to invent and create things without earning money .
Evidence shows very strongly there are lots of ways to make money without patents and copyright . ”
In a short video clip , Levine states that copyright should n’t been seen as a charitable act , which is a lesson Commissioner McCreevy needs to learn .
Also , he states that Intellectual Monopoly is the more appropriate term , and that the property label is a recently - given propaganda title , a subject Richard Stallman of the Free Software Foundation has covered in the past .
The views of the economists are presented in their new book , “ Against Intellectual Monopoly ” , where they suggest that the copyright and patent systems in the US should at least be brought back into line with their constitutional establishment – that of promoting the progress of science and the useful arts .
In the book , they put the case quite simply – “ In the decades to come , sustaining economic progress will depend , more and more , on our ability to progressively reduce and eventually eliminate intellectual monopoly . ”
It might be that the Pirate Party has some intellectual support for their positions , and perhaps a Missouri party will soon be in the making .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - American International Group Inc posted a record $ 61.7 billion quarterly loss on Monday and got a new but not necessarily final government bailout , after officials concluded again that letting the insurer fail would threaten the world financial system .
AIG will get access to up to $ 30 billion of new capital after getting a commitment for $ 150 billion in aid last year that gave the government a stake of nearly 80 percent .
The latest bailout increases the government ’s commitment to keeping AIG on life support , and avoids for now any crippling credit rating downgrades that could force AIG to come up with billions of dollars it might not have .
“ It ’s a pretty strong reminder that the U.S. Treasury is still all that stands between the current market environment and the ongoing threat of systemic financial meltdown , ” said Christopher Garman , head of Garman Research LLC in Orinda , California , and a former Merrill Lynch bond strategist .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said “ today ’s actions were critical ” to preventing AIG from further threatening the financial system .
Separately , the Treasury Department and Federal Reserve said urgent action was needed now to keep AIG in business .
“ Given the systemic risk AIG continues to pose and the fragility of markets today , the potential cost to the economy and the taxpayer of government inaction would be extremely high , ” they said in a joint statement .
Speaking on a conference call , AIG Chief Executive Edward Liddy called the market “ a pretty crummy place ” right now , and said fixing the insurer could take “ several years . ”
Monday ’s agreement came three days after a new federal bailout for Citigroup Inc , which like AIG has struggled to sell businesses and raise cash to repay the government .
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp Chairman Sheila Bair said U.S. regulators are committed to preserving financial companies that are too important to the system to fail .
U.S. Comptroller of the Currency John Dugan separately told reporters he did not see the AIG situation as a template for banks .
“ BLEEDING TERRIBLY ”
AIG ’s fourth - quarter loss of $ 22.95 per share widened from $ 2.08 per share , or $ 5.29 billion , a year earlier .
Most of the loss stemmed from big writedowns tied to credit default swaps and other toxic debt .
The latest loss equaled about $ 465,000 a minute , and was a record for a U.S. company , according to Thomson Reuters data .
For all of 2008 , AIG lost $ 99.29 billion , wiping out profits dating to the early 1990s .
That amount is close to the gross domestic product of Kuwait .
AIG built up its exposure to swaps earlier this decade , when long - time CEO Maurice “ Hank ” Greenberg and then Martin Sullivan ran the company .
Swaps were underwritten at the AIG Financial Products unit , run by London - based executive Joseph Cassano .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Greenberg , AIG ’s largest individual shareholder , filed a federal lawsuit in New York accusing AIG , Sullivan , Cassano and others of fraud for misrepresenting AIG ’s health .
The defendants did not immediately return calls seeking comment .
AIG shares closed unchanged at 42 cents .
Its 5.45 percent notes maturing in 2017 rose 8 cents on the dollar to 53 cents , cutting their yield to 15.9 percent , MarketAxess said .
The cost of insuring AIG debt fell , suggesting less risk of default .
U.S. stocks broadly tumbled , with the Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor ’s 500 each shedding more than 4 percent .
The Dow fell to 6,763 , its first close below 7,000 since May 1997 .
“ What ’s really overhanging the market is AIG .
We gave them all that money , and they are obviously still bleeding terribly , ” said Warren Simpson , managing director at Stephens Capital Management in Little Rock , Arkansas .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
SYSTEMIC RISK
The new bailout gives AIG more lenient terms on existing financing .
AIG will convert some debt into a preferred equity stake for the government in its American International Assurance Co and American Life Insurance Co units , which each have significant Asian operations .
AIG also said it plans to spin off part of its property - casualty business , to be renamed AIU Holdings .
It said it believes it has enough liquidity for the next year .
In agreeing to a new bailout , the Treasury and Fed cited AIG ’s operations in more than 130 countries , its role as an insurer for more than 100,000 entities , and its more than 30 million U.S. policyholders .
The government also acknowledged the bailout might not be AIG ’s last .
It said fixing the insurer “ will take time and possibly more government support if markets do not stabilize and improve .
AIG ’s roots date back 90 years to China where founder C.V. Starr , a U.S. entrepreneur , set up a small insurance agency .
The government appointed Liddy , a former CEO of Allstate Corp , to run AIG in September .
On the conference call , Liddy said AIG had become “ too complicated , unwieldy and opaque ” to operate as it has .
‘ NOWHERE ELSE TO TURN ’
Donn Vickrey , an analyst with independent research firm Gradient Analytics in Scottsdale , Arizona , said the government ’s commitment to AIG may ultimately reach a quarter trillion dollars , much of which it may not recoup .
“ AIG really has nowhere else to turn , ” he said .
“ Taxpayers are stuck with trying to unwind it slowly over time .
Hopefully there will be something left over at the end . ”
Major credit rating agencies affirmed AIG ’s ratings , which fall in the “ single - A ” category , a medium investment grade .
Moody ’s Investors Service analyst Bruce Ballentine said he expected the government “ will provide incremental support as needed to ensure that AIG can meet its obligations through this period of severe economic recession and market turmoil . ”
After their beloved subtitle site was taken down by an anti-piracy outfit working on behalf of US media companies , hackers responded rapidly - they defaced the anti-piracy site and inserted links to torrents hosted on Mininova .
The subtitle site is already back in business - the anti-piracy site is not .
Legendas .TV is a popular Brazilian site offering subtitles for movies and TV shows , so that non-English speakers can enjoy them too .
The site appears to offer a useful service for Brazilians , since it can take months or years for shows to appear there in their native Portuguese ( if at all ) , but that did n’t stop it from gaining powerful anti-piracy enemies .
On February 1st , after action by Brazil ’s IFPI and MPA - affiliated Antipirataria Association Cinema and Música ( APCM ) , the Legendas .
TV site was taken down .
APCM , which represents the interests of Universal , Warner , SonyBMG , Disney , Paramount , Fox and others , managed to force the site offline after threatening SoftLayer , the datacenter where the website was hosted .
According to Legendas .
TV admins , although APCM issued a DMCA complaint , it was incorrectly formatted .
APCM did not demand the removal of specific items ( as is usual under the DMCA ) but instead demanded that access to the entire server was terminated .
“ In order to prevent misuse of our Terms of Service , ” said SoftLayer in an email to Legendas .
TV , “ we have blocked access to the IP associated with the abuse report and request that this site be removed from our network . ”
The datacenter then blocked external access to the site .
“ The APCM confirms that it requested withdrawal of the site Legendas TV network of computers worldwide , ” said the group in a statement .
“ It is important to emphasize that the action was taken because its users were violating copyright .
When a user makes the unauthorized copy of an audiovisual work available , it hurts everyone who worked in the production chain : producers , authors , actors , actresses , camera operators , scriptwriters , directors , marketing staff , production studio workers and translators etc . ”
The reaction from angry fans was immediate .
On Monday , hackers took over the APCM site and defaced it .
Popups on the site said “ Live For Downloads ” – when clicked , visitors were redirected to downloads on Mininova .
APCM announced it was “ taking all measures ” to get its site back online , including “ all other measures deemed appropriate , ” but the site is still non-operational , four days after the attack .
The administrators of Legendas have created a temporary site where they explain why the site went down along with plans of a return online .
After raising the necessary funds , the site will migrate to a new datacenter , maybe in The Netherlands or Sweden – and possibly with help from The Pirate Bay .
In contrast to the anti-piracy site which remains inoperable , already a new ‘ lite ’ version of Legendas .
TV is back online , but it wo n’t stop there .
“ We are returning with the full site this week , stronger than ever , ” said a Legendas .
TV administrator in a statement .
Earlier in 2009 , APCM launched a campaign that claimed that subtitles from Legendas .
TV were being used in commercially pirated DVDs , which were later sold on the streets .
Legendas .
TV vigorously denied this .
InSUBs , another Brazilian subtitling site , has also been taken offline .
Putting Sensors on Ethernet
A Good Fit or a Bad Idea ?
Ethernet is finding its way into machine control , even though it was never intended for embedded applications .
The desire to use widely supported hardware and TCP / IP software means vendors are adding Ethernet ports to smart devices .
Here ’s a look at the issues that users and OEMs must consider when using Ethernet at the lowest level .
Perry S. Marshall , Perry S. Marshall & Associates
Few topics in automation are as hotly discussed as industrial Ethernet .
As Ethernet cables work their way down from the office to cell - level machine control , to smart devices and data acquisition , connecting sensors with Ethernet has become a reality .
Of course , anyone in industry who ’s been paying attention knows that there ’s a history of competing network standards ” ” GPIB , Profibus , CAN , Modbus , Remote I/O , Sercos , Interbus , Genius I/O , and Foundation Fieldbus , just to name a few .
In 1997 - 1998 , some industry insiders began to propose that Ethernet and TCP / IP could be a viable alternative .
Years ago , Ethernet hardware was expensive , but the inevitable forward march of consumer technology and the growing popularity of computer networking drove volumes up and prices down .
All network architectures represent some sort of compromise .
And though Ethernet cannot realistically replace all of these other networks , it represents a clear rallying point for proponents of open systems .
The Internet is the ultimate open network , and TCP / IP is the de facto protocol for the Internet .
The confusion of multiple fieldbuses is partially eliminated by the common physical layer and software layers of Ethernet and TCP / IP .
Why Ethernet Is n’t a Natural Candidate for Sensor Applications
Ethernet began in the mid 1970s as a network for linking large computers , and the TCP / IP protocol was common to Unix and IBM mainframes .
So Ethernet and TCP / IP evolved together .
They ’re ideally suited for transferring large amounts of data ( 1 KB and more ) , as opposed to small amounts , such as those gathered from sensors .
An Ethernet frame has a minimum length of 64 bytes , and a TCP / IP packet inside the data field of the Ethernet frame adds its own overhead ( see Figure 1 ) .
Figure 1 .
An Ethernet frame can be of varying length , depending on the length of the message .
The TCP / IP packet itself is complex and fits entirely within the message frame .
It takes seven handshakes just to open a TCP / IP connection , transmit one piece of data between two devices , acknowledge successful receipt of the message , and close the connection .
When moving small amounts of data , this represents significant inefficiencies .
If you ’re transmitting a single bit for a proximity switch or 2 - 4 bytes for an analog transmitter , the headers and handshakes consume a lot of overhead compared with the data itself .
Why Ethernet Is Moving into Sensors Anyway
Despite these disadvantages , embedded Ethernet hardware and software are readily available and dropping in price .
So if you use Ethernet , the inefficiencies are n’t much of a concern anyway , especially if high speed is not paramount .
You wo n’t be seeing $ 20 proximity switches with Ethernet ports any time soon , but there are more sophisticated kinds of sensors that are a natural fit for Ethernet :
Vision systems and optical devices
Bar - code readers
Distance or velocity measurement devices
Devices with built - in DSP functions
Temperature controllers
I/O devices that aggregate multiple sensors together
Any sensor that delivers complex information and has a list of configuration parameters that must be uploaded or altered is a candidate for Ethernet connectivity .
For years , users have configured devices with manually manipulated text files , but this is out of vogue .
Today , most people would opt to use an embedded Web server , which would let them put a device on a network , type in its IP address , and configure it on screen with their Web browser .
That ’s usually the case if you purchase a configurable ( or ” managed ” )
Ethernet switch , DSL , or cable router .
A smart sensor with the same capability is far easier to use than a traditional sensor .
And of course , it ’s equally appealing to be able to access that device via your company intranet or the Internet .
Critics often cite determinism as a weakness of Ethernet , and this point does have some merit .
With Ethernet , you ca n’t be sure how fast a piece of data will be transmitted through the network .
However , if you use switches instead of hubs , you eliminate collisions and re-transmits and significantly improve the predictability of system performance .
In applications that do n’t require response times under 20 ms , determinism is not usually a problem .
However , be aware that software drivers usually introduce much greater latencies than the network itself .
Hardware for legacy and industrial networks can be pricey , but Ethernet hardware is plentiful and often inexpensive .
If your application is in an environment plagued by electrical noise , shock , vibration , or temperature extremes , then consumer - grade Ethernet gear wo n’t make it .
The white paper Ten Issues to Consider Before Installing Industrial Ethernet details these and other factors .
Is Ethernet Cheap ?
Just because it ’s Ethernet does n’t make it cheap , and “ cheap ” certainly is not sufficient justification for using a particular network .
Although it ’s inexpensive to add an Ethernet card to a PC , adding this capability to an embedded device is more complex .
Often small microprocessors can’t handle the extra burden , and the software complexity is cost prohibitive .
The real question is , what do you gain by using Ethernet ?
How much is it worth to have remote diagnostics and configurability , and the ability to transmit far more information than would be practical with point - to - point wiring ?
How much is it worth to do your wiring in software instead of pulling a fistful of cables through conduits ?
How much is it worth to have access to every variable in the device instead of just a few ?
Today , access to information is the name of the game .
So regardless of the cost of using a network , your ability to access the information you want , when you want it , is the ” real deal . ”
SIDEBARS :
Application - Layer Protocols Ethernet and TCP / IP alone do n’t guarantee interoperability between devices ; they ensure only that the data can get from point A to point B .
It ’s still necessary to understand the format of process data when it ’s received .
In automation and process control , there are five major network contenders : • Modbus / TCP is the Modbus protocol encapsulated in TCP / IP .
It ’s very simple and has definite limitations but at the moment is the most popular single format for data on industrial Ethernet .
• EtherNet / IP is the DeviceNet / ControlNet object model on TCP / IP .
It ’s more complex and supports more communication types .
Products with EtherNet / IP are just starting to become available .
• Foundation Fieldbus HSE ( High - Speed Ethernet ) is the Foundation Fieldbus protocol on 100 Mb Ethernet , which is emerging as a major standard in the process control industry .
•
Profinet is fundamentally different from such protocols as Modbus / TCP , in that it is not the Profibus protocol on Ethernet per se ; rather , it is a sophisticated object - oriented architecture for making networks and devices transparently accessible as objects on a TCP / IP network , analogous to Microsoft Networking in the office .
IDA ( Interface for Distributed Automation ) is similar in concept to Profinet , but it includes fieldbus - like features and is based on open Internet protocols instead of Microsoft ’s COM and DCOM models .
Ethernet Topology and Terminology Star Topology .
Industrial Ethernet is wired in a star topology , requiring either a repeating hub or switching hub in the center of the star .
So forget about wiring your conveyor system in a convenient bus topology .
If you want industrial Ethernet , you must wire it in a star or distributed star topology .
A distributed star requires a hub - to - hub connection .
Ethernet ’s star topology allows maximum bandwidth and minimum reflections by allowing only two nodes per segment .
Repeaters ( hubs and switches ) isolate segments and clean up signals .
Hubs .
Links are established between a single Ethernet device and a port on a hub .
Hubs usually have 4 , 8 , or 12 ports .
Hubs can be cascaded with hub - to - hub connections .
Repeating hubs must conform to the requirements for IEEE .802.3 repeater units .
These requirements include preamble regeneration , symmetry , and amplitude compensation .
Repeaters must retime signals so that jitter introduced by transceivers and cabling does n’t Figure 2 .
A hub retransmits all messages to all devices indiscriminately .
A switch directs traffic only to its intended destination , thereby reducing network congestion .
Networks with switches have higher performance but are more difficult to troubleshoot .
accumulate over multiple segments .
These devices detect runt packets and collisions and react by generating a jam signal ( see Figure 2 ) .
They automatically partition jabbering ports to maintain network operability .
Switches .
It ’s possible to replace repeating hubs with switching hubs and achieve higher network performance .
Unlike repeating hubs , which are physical - layer devices , the switching hub is actually a bridge that connects two data links .
By doing so , collision domains terminate at each switch port .
Therefore , adding a switch doubles the possible geographic limit of the network .
Switches can be cascaded for an even larger network .
Switches are more complex than repeating hubs .
Each twisted - pair port and attached device automatically negotiate the data rate of the port , be it 10 Mbps or 100 Mbps .
The flow control mechanism is also negotiated .
For full - duplex segments , the pause scheme is used .
For half - duplex segments , the back pressure approach is used .
The switch learns the port locations of Ethernet devices by reading in complete Ethernet frames and observing source addresses .
The switch then creates and maintains a table of source addresses and corresponding port assignments .
From that time on , traffic is restricted to only those ports involved in a transmission .
This allows for improved throughput because simultaneous transmissions can be initiated on those ports without activity .
Table values are aged to automatically accommodate changes to the field wiring .
Cable .
You can use shielded twisted - pair ( STP ) or unshielded twisted - pair ( UTP ) cable , or multimode or single - mode fiber - optic cable .
There are several categories of twisted - pair cable based on bandwidth and , therefore , performance .
At the 10 Mbps data rate , there usually is n’t too much concern about cable quality .
However , if plans are for eventual migration to 100 Mbps , then either Category 5 or 5e is recommended .
In fact , if you are pulling new cable , use only one of these two cables .
UTP is much more popular than STP .
For each fiber - optic link , a pair of fibers is required .
Usually several fibers are pulled to provide spares .
The most popular multimode fiber - optic cable is 62.5/125 mm dia .
Connectors .
For twisted - pair cable , the RJ - 45 remains the most popular connector , although it ’s frequently criticized for its lack of robustness .
In the IEEE 802.3 standard , the DB - 9 connector , frequently found in industry , is specified for 150 Å¾ STP installations .
However , this connector might be confused with serial port connections on the same equipment .
There has been a movement to use IP67 - rated microconnectors for data rates as high as 100 Mbps .
As a compromise , bulkhead - mounted boot - covered adapters exist to make RJ - 45 connectors survive an IP67 environment .
( The material in this sidebar was excerpted from the white paper Ten Things To Consider Before Installing Industrial Ethernet © 2002 Contemporary Controls . )
" Originally appeared in Sensors Magazine "
With the stormy north sea in their back yard , Norway has one of the best places in europe for harvesting the energy in the oceans waves .
The union of the oil industry in Norway , estimates the crude oil resources to last for aprox 50 years .
Finding alternative and cheap energy resources are therefore a priority in Norway .
In 2004 the Norwegian company " WaveEnergy AS " was established , and set out to develop a concept known as SSG or Seawave Slot Cone Generato ) .
A plant was established on the Norwegian island of Kvitsoy and this was based on " storage champer " concept .
The waves pushes the water up from the ocean into holding champers that a placed in different heights .
This water is then lead back to the ocean via turbines thus creating power .
The test construction is planned to be a 10 meter wide construction of the SSG concept with an estimated capacity of 150 KW .
Wave energy has a huge potential and it is estimated that wave energy alone could provide more than 10 % of the worlds energy demand .
More and more countries are showing interrest to this new energy resource .
Government and private funding , along with studies like the one in Norway will help make wave energy a reliable energy resource within the next 10 years .
A note to this post .---------------------------
