Adventurer Josh , you 've just completed your climb of Mt. Everest .
What kept you going ?
Well , you see , the Himalayas are the result of a collision between the Asian and Indian tectonic plates .
I 'm really just a collision climber .
I see .
So you obviously seem - Look at you .
You 're made of billions of molecules ... ... All of them constantly colliding !
( Josh climbs the reporter )
Our Podcast On Photography and the Creative Process Has Moved !
Announcing daily.lenswork.com , our new . . .
Well , we 're not sure what to call it .
Compendium seems the best term , but a bit over the top .
Amalgam — too dental .
Blog — too , well , bloggish .
Corpus — creepy .
Assemblage , collation , accumulation , gathering — oh , heck with it .
How about —
Where We Put Lots of Stuff We Think You Will Be Interested In .
Essentially , we are doing a bit of E - C - R - S , which stands for Eliminate , Combine , Rearrange , and Simplify .
The idea is simply this : we are combining all the multifarious email and web communications we have with LensWork readers into one compendium .
Rather than having separate . . .
Podcast
Technology Blog
Ask Brooks Blog
Weekly News & Info Emails
Alumni News emails
Twice weekly Alumni Spotlights
Vision of the Heart blog
Podcast email announcements
. . . we are combining all of this into one , new project called LensWork Daily .
This combined resource has the advantages of :
Giving our readers a single location for everything
Much easier for us to create and post
Design consistency
Category tagging so you can see only a filtered subset of posts that interest you
Cross-fertilization of our various reading groups
Automatic RSS feeds to email , browsers or other aggregators ( and we 'll be providing tutorials for those of you who are not familiar with this )
You can receive new posts in your email
You can monitor new posts using your browser 's RSS tracking
Or you can bookmark the main web page http://daily.lenswork.com and stop by whenever you want to catch up .
And most importantly , because LensWork Daily uses a post / comment format , you can add your thoughts to the discussion via comment posting and share ideas with the community at large .
We call it LensWork Daily because we have so much content to share that it works out we actually do something every day — well , at least Monday through Friday .
Because these things have been scattered in a number of different areas , we know some of you have n't been aware of all the content we publish .
Now , with this unified approach , you 'll be able to more easily keep up with all there is to see .
So , this page is being retired and all its current and future content can now be found at http://daily.lenswork.com.
Pop over there and reset your bookmarks , RSS feeds , and take a look at our new combined , amalgamated , unified whatever - we - should - call - it !
Enjoy !
Brooks Jensen
Editor , LensWork Publishing
P.S. By the way , our regular website ( www.lenswork.com) is still where you can go to learn all about the various products we sell , subscription information , etc .
And www.lensworkonline.com, our new membership website with content galore , is where you will find downloadable publications , full - content video workshops , the podcast archives going all the back to podcast # 0001 , epub and Kindle ebooks , audio and video interviews with photographers , iPad and Android editions of both LensWork and LensWork Extended , and lots more .
Deserts are known for being desolate and lifeless , but they are also quite striking and beautiful , especially when seen from above .
Different types of sand , topography , wind and climate combine to form a tremendous variety of landscapes .
Shifting dunes are carved into an endless number of constantly changing shapes .
The images in this gallery , taken by orbiting astronauts and satellites , show some of the most beautiful , most haunting , biggest , rarest and most stunning desert vistas on Earth .
Algeria's Sand Sea
The Issaouane Erg covers almost 15,000 square miles in eastern Algeria .
This sea of sand in the central Sahara desert has three different scales of dunes .
Mega - dunes , also known as draas or whalebacks , form over hundreds of thousands of years and can be several hundred miles long .
Mesoscale dunes form on top of the mega - dunes , and move on decade time scales .
Smaller dunes form on and around the larger dunes .
They are sculpted into different shapes by the wind , and are constantly shifting .
In the image above , captured by astronauts on the International Space Station in 2005 , mesoscale dunes have been shaped into star dunes that look a bit like starfish and crescent dunes .
In the image below , taken by astronauts on the ISS in 2006 , the large , rolling shapes are mega - dunes .
The smallest dunes show up as wrinkles alongside larger dunes .
Click on any of the gallery images for high - resolution versions .
Images : NASA
Caifornia 's Imperial Dunes
The Algodones Dunefield , located where Arizona and California meet Mexico , is around 6 miles wide and stretches for 45 miles .
The dunes may be most famous for their role as part of the planet Tatooine from Star Wars .
The dunes are an official National Recreation Area managed by the Bureau of Land Management .
The only artificial structure in the dunes is the All American Canal that can be seen cutting across the dunes near where they run up against agricultural fields in Mexico on the right end of the photo .
This image was taken by astronauts aboard the International Space Station in 2005 .
Image : NASA
New Mexico's White Sands
The sand that makes up the dunes in White Sands National Monument are made of gypsum , an evaporite mineral left behind when bodies of water dry up .
In this case an ancient shallow sea dried up a couple of hundred million years ago , and then a large lake evaporated several thousand years ago .
Because gypsum is easily dissolved by water and moved by rivers , these dunes are quite rare .
They exist here because there is no outlet from the basin where they lay , so rivers entering the area dry up instead of carrying the gypsum away .
The dunefield covers 275 square miles in southern New Mexico .
Almost half of the area is protected as White Sands National monument .
This image of the area was captured by the Advanced Land Imager onboard NASA ’s Earth Observing - 1 satellite on June 27 .
Image : NASA
Saudi Arabia's Empty Quarter
This aptly named stretch of desert is the world 's largest sand sea , covering 225,000 square miles .
The area shown above is in Saudi Arabia , but the sea flows into parts of Yemen , Oman and the United Arab Emirates as well .
The grey and white areas between the pink sand dunes are dry salt flats .
Temperatures in the Empty Quarter , which is the English translation of the Arabic name Rub ’ al Khali , can top 130 degrees Fahrenheit , making the area inhospitable to almost everything except a few plants , spiders and rodents .
The sand covers one of the most prolific oil producing areas in the world .
This image was captured in 2001 by the Enhanced Thematic Mapper on the NASA / USGS Landsat 7 satellite .
See a closer view of the dunes below .
Learn more about the Empty Quarter in this National Geographic video .
Images : NASA / USGS
Algeria 's Tifernine Dune Field
This part of the Sahara Desert , located in eastern Algeria , abuts the dark grayish - brown Tinrhert Plateau .
Winds have sculpted star dunes on top of older , larger dunes and evaporite minerals , including salt , have collected in small white depressions among the dunes .
Today , the climate is arid and hot , but the river - carved valleys on the edge of the plateau give evidence of wetter times in the past .
This image was taken by astronauts aboard the International Space Station in August 2008 .
Image : NASA
Ounianga Lakes , Chad
These finger lakes are the remnants of a single larger lake that began shrinking around 5,500 years ago .
Sand was blown in by the wind partially filling in the basin and breaking up the remaining water into separate lakes .
Nine of the 10 lakes are freshwater , fed by an underwater aquifer .
Ancient pollen found in the sediment in the lakes has shown that the area was once mildly tropical .
This image was taken by astronauts on the International Space Station on Nov. 14 .
Image : NASA
The World 's Tallest , Oldest Dunes
The Namib Desert features dunes that reach nearly 1,000 feet high , carved by winds along Namibia 's Atlantic coast .
The Namib - Naukluft National Park pictured here is Africa 's largest game park and home to hyenas , jackals , geckos and other strange animals .
The desert may also be the world 's oldest , having been in a dry climate for 55 million years .
Today , the area receives an annual average of just 2.5 inches of rain .
The image above was captured in 2000 by the Landsat - 7 satellite , run by NASA and the U.S. Geological Survey .
The topographic image below was made by combining a 2002 image with topographical data , both aquired by the ASTER instrument on NASA 's Terra satellite , which celebrates its 10th anniversary this year .
Images : Above : NASA / USGS .
Below : NASA / ASTER
Colorado's Great Sand Dunes
This collection of dunes nestled up against the Sangre de Cristo Mountains in southern Colorado was designated a national monument in 1932 and a national park in 2004 and today are visited by around 300,000 people each year .
Though they cover just 30 square miles , the dunes reach up to 750 feet high and are the tallest sand dunes in the United States .
The light - colored sand that makes up the dunes is sediment eroded from the adjacent mountains and then deposited in a lake that repeatedly dried up over time , exposing the lakebed to the wind .
The image of Great Sand Dunes National Park above was captured by the Ikonos sensor aboard the GeoEye satellite in 2005 .
Below is a photograph taken by astronauts aboard the International Space Station in 2007 .
Images : Above : GeoEye . Below : NASA .
Suctoria : Ciliates Who Lost Their Cilia
Smooth , nearly sandless , flat - bottomed basins laced with large dunes coated by smaller , scalloped dunes give this stretch of the central Sahara a honeycomb look .
The Murzuq Sand Sea in Libya features vast swaths of these bigger dunes , known as draas .
The smaller dunes , which can be seen in greater detail in the close - up below , include many star dunes as well as fairly linear longitudinal dunes and curved transverse dunes .
The upwind side of the smaller dunes are smoother and steeper than the downwind , or lee , side .
This photograph was taken from the International Space Station by astronauts in December 2008 .
Images : NASA
Australia 's Lake Eyre
Heavy rains earlier this year began refilling this large dry lake bed in this part of the Simpson Desert in South Australia .
Water can be seen flowing into the lake bed in the image above , captured May 9 by the Landsat - 5 satellite .
Along with the water came plants and thousands of birds .
The photo below , taken by the satellite on Feb. 18 shows how dry the area usually is .
Images : NASA / USGS The Sahara's Outcrops
Rivers of sand coated in dunes sweep around hard rock outcrops in this very arid , barren stretch of the Sahara in Libya .
This image was captured by NASA 's Terra satellite in 2002 .
Image : NASA / ASTER
Australia 's Scars
This part of the Simpson Desert in Australia 's Northern Territory has been largely covered in desert scrub , turning it green and keeping the wind from shifting the dunes .
But a fire here , maybe a year before this picture was taken in 2002 , burned the vegetation , revealing the sand beneath it .
The strange pattern in the sand was probably caused by a 90 - degree shift in wind direction while the land was burning .
This photo was captured by astronauts aboard the International Space Station .
Image : NASA
See Also :
We could n’t load the mail server logs for this message .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
The MINISTRY OF JUSTICE is a registered business with the registration number UC6214811 , with the address of 102 Petty France , London , SW1H 9AJ .
My questions are as follow :
1 . Is the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above a public or private company ?
2 . Is the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above a for - profit business ?
3 . If not , what is the purpose of being a company rather than a natural ministry of Her Majesty , Queen Elizabeth ’s Government ?
4 . Does the company registered as the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above oversee and regulate English and Welsh Magistrate Courts ?
5 . If so , are English and Welsh Magistrate Courts wholly owned by the company registered as the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above ?
6 . If not , are English and Welch Magistrate Courts registered companies in their own right ?
7 . Who are the shareholders of the company registered as the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above ?
8 . What share structure does the company registered as the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above have ?
9 . Which Act of Parliament allowed the formation of the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE company as described above ?
10 .
What jurisdiction does the company called MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above have over the people of England and Wales ?
11 . Can a company such as the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described above have jurisdiction over English and Welsh Freemen ?
If so , which natural law allows this ?
12 . Are Acts of Parliament ( Statutes ) that apply to people in England and Wales , Admiralty Law , or based on international treaty covering international commercial activity on the high seas ?
13 . Are England or Wales registered companies for the purposes of the MINISTRY OF JUSTICE as described and , or , Her Majesty , Queen Elizabeth ’s Government ?
Yours faithfully ,
John Smith
Investment legend Warren Buffett has effusive praise for Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and says stocks will plummet if Congress fails to reappoint him .
The actions of Bernanke , along with his cohorts at the Treasury Department , saved the economy from what could have been a much more severe crisis – a “ financial panic , ” Buffett told CNBC .
“ If I could vote twice ( for Bernanke ) , I would , ” said the Oracle of Omaha .
“ He did a magnificent job over this period , when I look back at September , October 2008 , he took action .
Maybe he extended his authority , but he did what he should have done in response to the economic Pearl Harbor . ”
And what ’s Bernanke ’s impact on the stock market ?
“ If he ’s not confirmed , tell me ahead of time , so I can sell some stocks , ” Buffett said .
“ A selloff would be justified . ”
Proposals are progressing in Congress to give legislators more control over the Fed .
Some Congressmen , such as Ron Paul , R - Tex. , even want Congress to review the Fed ’s decisions on interest rates .
Buffett strongly opposes this idea .
“ Congress is the worry of American people , ” he said .
“ If Congress says it can do better than Ben Bernanke , I would get very worried . ”
Others share Buffett ’s concern .
“ Proposed remedies should neither politicize nor create the potential to influence the Fed for political purposes , ” J.D. Foster , a senior economic fellow at the Heritage Foundation wrote in a report .
Elsewhere , Buffett , himself a major employer via subsidiaries of his Berkshire Hathaway holding company , does n’t see any reason to hire back tens of thousands of workers at his own company first until there is a clear sign of recovery .
Buffett does n’t expect to hire " until orders start coming in , ” he told CNBC .
As for the consumer economy , he added , " you 're not going to have people feeling good until jobs come back . "
Berkshire units have jettisoned 25,000 in the last year and a half .
Buffett also criticized President Barack Obama ’s plan to tax banks to pay for the bailouts so far .
Banks " are cleaning up their own mess , " and not necessarily making " obscene profits , " he told the financial news network .
Meanwhile , Buffett continues to oppose Kraft ’s $ 19 billion deal to take over Cadbury , saying it dilutes Kraft shareholders .
The transaction does so because Kraft is paying for Cadbury partly with its own shares .
And Buffett ’s Berkshire Hathaway is Kraft ’s biggest shareholder .
After Kraft ’s agreement to make the purchase , “ I feel poorer , ” the world ’s second richest man told CNBC .
What particularly bothers him is that Kraft sold its pizza business to Nestle for only nine times earnings , while it is buying Kraft for a whopping 16 to 17 times earnings .
“ That gets expensive , ” Buffett said .
“ Kraft is using its own stock that its own directors say is significantly undervalued .
. . .
If I had a choice , I ’d vote no , but I do n’t have a vote . ”
Berkshire says he supports Kraft CEO Irene Rosenfeld overall .
“ I think Irene has done a good job in operations .
I think she ’s a good person , ” Buffett said .
“ I just do n’t want her making this deal . ”
© 2020 Newsmax Finance .
All rights reserved .
I ’ll be honest , I was kind of surprised last week when many people seemed down on Kevin Youkilis .
I can understand the debate between him and Ryan Zimmerman , as I do have their 2010 projections to be extremely close .
Still , people seemed to be of the opinion that he was n’t even in the same class of player .
First , let ’s look at the numbers he posted in 2009 :
491 At Bats
.305 Batting Average ( 150 Hits )
27 Home Runs
94 RBI
99 Runs
7 Stolen Bases
. 413 On Base Percentage
. 548 Slugging Percentage
. 363 Batting Average on Balls in Play
That comes a year after he went .312 , 29 HR , 115 RBI and 91 R .
You want to point to the BABIP ?
He struck out a career worst 25.5 % of the time last season and should be in line for an improvement there .
That means that even with decreased luck , he should n’t see a significant decrease in average since he should be putting more balls in play .
You want to point to the 16.5 % HR / FB rate ?
He was 14.9 % in 2008 , so how long does he have to consistently show the skill before we believe it ?
In the same token , his flyball rate has been between 44.2 % and 45.0 % for the past four years , so there ’s no questioning that .
Given his consistency the past two years , the power is very much for real and he certainly has the potential to reach the 30 home run plateau .
Want to say that the Red Sox lineup is n’t what it used to be ?
Yeah , that ’s a fair argument , but it ’s not like the Red Sox are going to be a poor offensive unit .
He ’s going to have Jacoby Ellsbury , Dustin Pedroia & Victor Martinez hitting in front of him , so there ’s going to be plenty of opportunities to drive in runs .
Will he score close to 100 again ?
Probably not , though do n’t underestimate the guys at the backend of the lineup .
David Ortiz .
Mike Cameron .
J.D. Drew. Adrian Beltre .
These are all players with the potential to hit the ball out of the ballpark each time they step to the plate .
Seeing him score 90 would n’t be surprising at all .
Yes , this is n’t the same type of Red Sox lineup that we ’ve come to know , but that does n’t mean that Youkilis is not going to be able to perform like he has over the past two seasons .
You want to say that he ’s older ?
Well , he is just turning 31 - years old in March .
Since when is that past your prime ?
The way people discuss him , you would think that he ’s 37 or 38 - years old and clearly on the downturn of his career .
Yes , Zimmerman is younger and has more long - term potential so dynasty league owners would likely prefer him , but as far as 2010 goes the two are on an even playing field .
Let ’s take a look my projection for him for 2010 :
.307 ( 164-535 ) , 29 HR , 105 RBI , 95 R , 5 SB , .341 BABIP , .406 OBP , .551 SLG
There just is n’t anything not to like about those numbers .
Throw in his flexibility , being eligible at 1B and 3B , and I am a big fan of his heading into 2010 .
I do n’t believe the negatives that people are pointing to , because he has proven the past two seasons that he can perform at a high - level .
Why should we expect him to simply fall apart now ?
What are your thoughts on Youkilis ?
Is he a player that you are not as high on ?
What are you expecting from him in 2010 ?
Make sure to order your copy of the Rotoprofessor 2010 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide , selling for just $ 5 , by clicking here .
Make sure to check out some of our 2010 projections , including :
Picture courtesy of Icon Sports Media , Inc .
A star football player for Frankford High was allegedly chased down , held down and beaten by truancy officers officer when he showed up late for classes one morning , according to the Philadelphia Daily News .
Jeffione Thomas was hospitalized with cuts , bruises and broken blood vessels on his face and missed three games after the alleged beating .
" My jaw still hurts when I eat , " Thomas told the paper .
Thomas ' friends and family say he overslept and was walking into school late on Oct. 29 when two school officers told him to get into a truancy van .
Thomas said , " I 'm already late , " according to friends , and walked into the school .
His grandmother , who says she watched a school surveillance tape , said the officers ran inside the school after him .
One officer 's accused of holding Thomas down while the other officer hit the teen , according to an email the school 's Athletic Director sent to Superintendent Arlene Ackerman .
The email asks Ackerman , " Please , as our leader , make sure that this student 's beating is not washed over with untruths and that the bully that did this is not allowed to do it to some other child . "
The email says the officers ' " use of extreme force was uncalled for . "
The teen ended up being charged with assault .
His attorney plans to ask the D.A. to look into the case .
" We believe the truant officers completely overreacted , " Fortunato Perri said .
Thomas , 18 , spent time at a school for troubled kids after run-ins with the law about three years ago , but had turned life around , according to his grandmother .
DETROIT --
Headache - free and feeling good for nearly two weeks , Detroit Red Wings defenseman Andreas Lilja wanted to see if he would stay that way after absorbing some contact for the first time in 11 months .
So he asked Johan Franzen to take a run at him in practice .
“ He picked up all his 230 pounds and threw it at me , ” Lilja said .
“ My body hurt , but my head was really good .
It felt real good . ”
He was asked if Franzen drove his head into the glass .
“ He did , ” Lilja said .
“ Stuff like that I need to test .
I ca n’t come out there and get one hit and then think , ‘ OK , that ’s it . ’
I got to know how it feels . ”
Said Franzen : “ He was seeing stars .
He needs that , needs someone to hit him to get him ready . ”
Lilja experienced his 14th consecutive day without headaches Tuesday .
It is the first significant hurdle he needed to clear in his comeback attempt from a concussion sustained on Feb. 28 , 2009 , on a punch to the chin from Nashville ’s Shea Weber .
Lilja said he does not know the next step in the process of getting cleared to play .
But he is encouraged to be moving in the right direction .
Before this , his longest stretch without a headache was five days .
“ To go from not knowing what ’s going to happen to getting rid of my headaches is huge , ” Lilja said .
Lilja has maintained a positive outlook throughout this ordeal .
Being able to practice and travel with the team for most of the season has helped .
“ Being on the ice in practice helps a lot , just being around the guys , ” Lilja said .
“ I ’m a big believer that if you stay positive , positive things happen .
Especially down here ( at the rink ) , I do n’t want to go out and mope in front of the guys .
Maybe back home I ’m a little more sour . ”
Franzen , who is recovering from knee surgery , rooms with Lilja on the road and gets a daily update .
“ Every day , it ’s ‘ No headaches today .
One more day , ’ ” Franzen said .
“ That ’s got to be really hard to try to find motivation to get practicing every day and have no idea when you ’ll be able to play again . ”
Franzen said Lilja remains upbeat even during his bad days .
“ He ’s always having fun , joking around , ” Franzen said .
“ He ’s been determined .
Good for him . ”
FREE CONSULTATIONS FOR ALL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
China is to pull the plug on screenings of Avatar at most cinemas and replace the Golden Globe - winning film with a patriotic biopic on the life of Confucius , according to reports .
Hong Kong 's Apple Daily said the state - run China Film Group has ordered cinemas across China to stop showing the 2D version of the film and to show only the 3D edition , amid concerns from China 's censors that it could cause unrest .
Because there are so few 3D cinemas on the mainland , the order effectively prevents general distribution of the James Cameron blockbuster .
Parallels have reportedly been drawn between the plight of the Na'vi , who face the threat of eviction from their woodland home , and those in China vulnerable to displacement by predatory property developers .
Bloggers are speculating about the toll Avatar could inflict on home - grown films .
The Confucius picture is directed by Hu Mei and stars Chow Yun -fat as the sage .
" The Central Publicity Department is said to have issued an order to the media prohibiting it from hyping up Avatar , " the newspaper said .
The film opened on 4 January to queues across the country , with Imax cinemas said to be booked for weeks ahead .
It was due to run until 28 February , including over Chinese new year .
Instead , the reports said , the 2D version will close on 23 January .
According to one reputable blog , the Wuxi Big World Cineplex posted the following notice to its website : " China Film Group Company and the distribution network have given notice that Avatar ( all versions ) will close immediately on 23 January all across the country !
We ask your understanding !
Viewers who have purchased tickets for the 23rd and the 24th may obtain a refund from the box office before the 22nd !
To satisfy the viewing needs of the audience , the cinema will add midnight showings from the 21st and 22nd .
Grab them quickly ! "
The posting was later taken down , with the China News Agency , which spoke to the cinema , saying it had been an error .
The 2D Avatar was to close on the 23rd but 3D showing would continue .
Elyria , Ohio ( CNN ) -- President Obama admitted Friday that he has run into a " buzz saw " in the yearlong health care debate .
The president , in remarks delivered at a community college , accentuated his recent populist tone , promising to continue fighting for health care legislation and other domestic priorities .
" Here 's the good news :
We 've gotten pretty far down the road .
But I 've got to admit we 've had a little bit of a buzz saw this week , " Obama said at Lorain County Community College near Cleveland , Ohio .
" You are running headlong into special interests and armies of lobbyists and partisan politics that 's aimed at exploiting fears instead of getting things done , " he said .
" And then you 've got ads that are scaring the bejeezus out of everybody .
And the longer it takes , the uglier it looks .
" So I understand why people would say , ' Boy , this is -- I 'm not so sure about this . '
Even though they know that what they 've got is n't working . "
Obama acknowledged the political disruption caused by Massachusetts GOP state Sen. Scott Brown 's upset win Tuesday to fill Ted Kennedy 's U.S. Senate seat .
Brown's win stripped Democrats of their 60 - vote Senate supermajority , giving Republicans enough votes to block key parts of Obama 's legislative agenda .
" I understand why after the Massachusetts election people in Washington were all in a tizzy trying to figure out what this means for health reform , Republicans and Democrats --
What does it mean for Obama ?
Is he weakened ?
Oh , how is he going to survive this ?
That 's what they do , " he said .
" I want you to understand -- this is not about me .
This is not about me .
This is about you . "
He said he did n't take up health care reform to score political points .
" Believe me , if I were ( trying to do that ) , I would have picked something a lot easier than this , " he said .
EL CIUDADANO SIEMPRE PIERDE
Las instituciones financieras tienen la obligación de retener los billetes apócrifos y deben enviarlos al Banco de México para su análisis .
Si se comprueba que es falso , no se repone al ciudadano .
( Foto : ROSALÍO HUÍZAR EL UNIVERSAL )
El Servicio Pan Americano de Protección , una de las empresas con más clientes en el sector financiero , dijo que al cierre de 2009 esta compañía detectó 69 piezas apócrifas en cajeros por un monto de 22 mil pesos y en 2008 un total de 45 , equivalentes a 19 mil pesos
State jobless rates on the rise
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
A total of 43 states reported rising jobless rates in December , reversing signs of improvement seen the month before , according to a government report released Friday .
Overall , jobless rates increased in those states and the District of Columbia last month and fell in four states , according to the Labor Department 's monthly report on state unemployment .
Three states reported no change .
In November , 36 states reported a monthly decrease in the unemployment rate .
" This reversal is so surprisingly negative that it causes us to be cautious , " said Craig Thomas , senior economist at PNC .
" This report has been unreliable , and it tends to miss turning points . "
The economy and labor market are indeed " at that turning point , " Thomas said , noting improvements including a pickup in retail sales .
He thinks the state report will reflect the recovery more accurately come March .
The report said all 50 states had an unemployment rate in December that was higher than a year earlier .
Michigan again had the highest rate of unemployment at 14.6 % .
But , in a sign of some improvement , 11 states added jobs in December .
North Dakota again posted the lowest jobless rate , at 4.4 % .
In a separate report earlier this month , the government reported the nation shed 85,000 jobs in December and the unemployment rate held at 10 % .
In December , 17 states had jobless rates above that national average .
The unemployment rate is generated by the Labor Department , which conducts a monthly population survey and includes in the rate people who have actively looked for work in the past four weeks .
Those who have given up the search are not counted in the unemployment rate , and the figure is not affected by or related to the number of people who are eligible to collect on -- or have run out of -- jobless benefits .
" It 's been tough , but we are certainly here at the turnaround , " said PNC's Thomas .
" In a few months these numbers will be revised up significantly to reflect the trends we 're seeing nationally . "
Thomas said the unemployment rate will peak in the first quarter of 2010 and will decline over the course of the year .
" It 's always disappointing to see these numbers , and it creates some wavering on the idea of the recovery progressing , " Thomas said .
" But if you look at the hard evidence we are moving toward recovery . "
State - by - state and regional figures : Slightly more than half of states showed minor increases or decreases in their unemployment rates over the month .
South Dakota's was the only significant decline , down 0.2 percentage point to 4.7 % , while 21 states posted significant jumps .
Unemployment rates in Connecticut , Massachusetts , Tennessee and West Virginia all gained 0.7 percentage point .
After Michigan , the states with the next highest rates were Nevada at 13 % , Rhode Island at 12.9 % and South Carolina at 12.6 % -- which was a record high for the state .
California was fifth at 12.4 % .
Joblesslessness was highest in the West .
That region had a jobless rate of 10.7 % .
The Northeast had the lowest rate of unemployment at 9.2 % , but that was up 0.5 percentage point from November .
I have n’t been blogging for a while because I ’ve just finished organizing the national meeting of the Australian Anthropological Society and my wife , Tonia , got kicked by our ( soon - to - be - former - ) stallion .
But I had to put down some thoughts having watched a lengthy interview with Richard Dawkins , recently retired Oxford professor , the other night .
Andrew Denton , one of the more skillful interviewers on Australia ’s ABC , tried to get Prof .
Dawkins to talk about a range of issues , personal insights , and life lessons as part of ‘ Elders ’ , a series of interviews with older individuals who might theoretically offer some sort of insight from their longer and accomplished lives .
You can watch the video in three parts on YouTube , starting with this segment :
Dawkins discussed , among other subjects , his childhood in Africa , Wikipedia , the influence of his parents on his scientific worldview , his sense of wonder in the face of evolution and the natural world , as well as his feeling that the belief in a divine creator actually belittles our sense of the universe .
Dawkins expressed again his views on human problems with perceiving beyond a humanist scale , a topic he had done at greater length in his talk on the ‘ queer ’ universe at TEDs .
You can also watch the ‘ Elders ’ video and video extras on the ABC website , or read the transcript .
The interview was painful toward the end , I found ( I ’m not alone — see the discussion on Reddit ) .
Dawkins is brittle and prickly at his best , and when he does n’t like the way things are going , he can be positively obtuse and testy .
Denton , in contrast , can be gentle and funny when someone is working with him , but he does n’t hold up well , it seems , with such a challenging subject .
There were moments when it felt like a soft - focus celebrity interview of a high - functioning but affectively flat android ( note : to all the Dawkins fans , this is a metaphor , I do n’t actually think Dawkins was grown in a vat of nutrient fluid ) .
In other words , I ’m not sure this was a shining moment for either of them , although it definitely starts out better than it ends .
Dawkins as an ‘ Elder ’
The problem was putting Dawkins on a show called ‘ Elders ’ : although he ’s probably the most famous atheist walking around right now ( not they we all have these labels clearly affixed to us ) , he does n’t seem to have nailed the ‘ elders ’ role so much , except the part where he gets his knickers in a twist that he ’s being served tapioca pudding again .
Although ‘ Elder ’ might seem like an age - grade title , anyone over a certain age qualifying for the title when they get their ‘ silver discount ’ card , the reality is that we expect more of an ‘ Elder ’ than just longevity and grumpiness .
That is , Denton ’s show tries to feature those who have amassed some wisdom , who bring with them the perspective of a life long - and well - lived , who can share their years of insights , field softball questions with grace , humour and a bit of artistry , and generally come across as avuncular and twinkly - eyed ( or at least not squinty - eyed ) .
By this measure , Dawkins probably fails .
At times he comes across as enthused about science , but at other moments he nails ‘ intransigent ’ more than ‘ insightful , ’ ‘ mystified ’ more than ‘ mirth - filled , ’ ‘ grouchy ’ more than ‘ graceful . ’
For example , Denton asks about Dawkins ’ confrontation with the disgraced pastor , Ted Haggard , on the show ‘ Root of All Evil ? ’
Haggard is so obviously a crank , so irritating and just so weird ( what the hell is wrong with the man ’s lips ?! ) .
In addition , since the video was made , Haggard ’s been so summarily disgraced and exposed as an epic hypocrite , that you think , ‘ah , now Dawkins can relax — he totally made this guy look like a jackass . ’
The questions seem to hover at a possible turning point , especially as Denton tries to bore down to what might be the ‘ wisdom ’ or life lessons — anger , belief , and how to keep oneself in perspective — with Dawkins able to reflect back on a clear case where he ’s come off looking pretty good in relation to an ideological adversary .
Is he confident or magnanimous ?
Can he hit the big , slow - moving target , the easy questions that might show his status as an ‘ elder ’ ?
ANDREW DENTON : ‘ When do you laugh at yourself ? ’
RICHARD DAWKINS : ‘… [ extended pause ] …
Are all the questions going to be like this ?’
[ sound of crickets chirping in studio . ]
Ouch .
At an earlier point , Denton asked him to ‘ define success , ’ and Dawkins gave us this excruciating exchange :
ANDREW DENTON : What ’s your definition of success ?
RICHARD DAWKINS : … Oh dear , I do n’t really answer that kind of question …
ANDREW DENTON : Why not ?
RICHARD DAWKINS : … I ’m just trying , well , because I just think of it as a dictionary word , which has a dictionary definition and you can go and look it up .
I do n’t have a personal …
ANDREW DENTON : Well , you do n’t have a marker in your life for what would be achievement ?
RICHARD DAWKINS : No , it ’s cause it ’s either you just give a dictionary definition or it becomes very complicated and personal .
No , I do n’t really think I ’ve got a got a good answer to that .
Denton made similar plodding , inch - by - inch headway with questions about ‘ belief , ’ ‘ love ’ and ‘ wisdom ’ ; a question about how he understands people who talk about their ‘ love of God ’ was like pulling teeth .
It was interesting to watch Dawkins try ( and mostly fail ) to grapple sympathetically with other people ’s irrationality .
Overall , the interview was about as warm and cuddly as a turtle .
Fans of Dawkins will likely enjoy it , but those who are n’t already converts are likely to find him off - putting .
Although indisputably knowledgeable in his field , he demonstrates very little knowledge of people or even how interviews work .
Reflections on Dawkins as evolutionary spokesman
Long before this interview , I was deeply ambivalent about Richard Dawkins , more because I think he ’s not an ideal spokesperson for evolutionary theory , a position he seems to have assumed or been given , than because I disagree with his ideas ( although I do disagree with many of them ) .
He seems to have gotten the role of evolutionary spokesperson , and it ’s not clear how he ever even got a call back from his first audition .
I ’m well aware that it ’s normal for intellectuals to split hairs and resent their successful peers ; in Australia , they call it the ‘ tall poppy ’ syndrome , where successful individuals are disproportionately criticised .
But in this case , I do feel like we could do better than Dawkins for the cause
He ’s a less - than - ideal public front for evolutionary thought , in my opinion , for three reasons , at least two of which I think were clearly on display in the interview : his theoretical arguments , personality and aggressive atheism .
I wo n’t dwell on this for too long , but I figure it ’s better to share , especially as I might also be able to direct people to another decent contribution of Australian media ( I quite like Denton usually ) , and I have all the Australian patriotic fervor of a convert .
Dawkins ’ variant of evolutionary theory
First , I think Dawkins is subtly wrong on some crucial details of evolutionary theory , especially some of the ideas for which he is most famous Stephen Jay Gould referred to Dawkins and like - minded theorists as ‘ ultra - Darwinists , ’ accusing them of privileging natural selection above all other organic and evolutionary processes ( the Gould - Dawkins debates , which are explored in Kim Sterenley ’s book , Dawkins vs. Gould : Survival of the Fittest ) .
One of the key problems in Dawkins ’ account of evolution is a radical collapse of explanatory scales ; genetics and evolution operate on very different time scales , so for Dawkins largely to deny ( by neglect ) that there might be emergent dynamics on intervening scales is like saying that nothing that occurs between particle physics and astrophysics ( say , for example , chemistry ) has any meaningful impact on how galactic systems unfold .
Sure , a particle physicist might tell us that , but we would be deeply suspicious .
Dawkins , in his most influential work , privileged the gene itself as the unit of selection , rather than the organism , as if genes were surviving , reproducing , being selected , not the living beings who bear those genes .
In his view , organisms are a sort of survival machine for their genes , vehicles employed by genes as replicators to get themselves to proliferate .
In his own words , he made this choice of focus for rhetorical reasons ( which I can understand ) :
It rapidly became clear to me that the most imaginative way of looking at evolution , and the most inspiring way of teaching it , was to say that it ’s all about the genes .
It ’s the genes that , for their own good , are manipulating the bodies they ride about in .
The individual organism is a survival machine for its genes .
( see Dawkins ’ biography on Edge : The Third Culture )
Although the term ‘ selfish gene ’ is a metaphor , and I do n’t want to be overly critical of a metaphor , there is certainly a tendency in Dawkins ’ work to anthropomorphize the gene , to attribute to it interests , a kind of motivation , and even strategies , even if this is only a rhetorical strategy that Dawkins is using .
Imaginative , perhaps , but also dangerous , and to the degree that Dawkins has successfully persuaded people to think this way , there ’s damage to repair , as it ’s only part of the story and quite likely to be over - extended .
Some of Dawkins ’ supporters argue that others of his supporters , not Dawkins , are the ones responsible for the over - reach in the areas of study that Dawkins helped to inspire .
Danny Hillis , for example , writes :
notions like selfish genes , memes , and extended phenotype are powerful and exciting .
They make me think differently .
Unfortunately , I spend a lot of time arguing against people who have overinterpreted these ideas .
They ’re too easily misunderstood as explaining more than they do .
So you see , this Dawkins is a dangerous guy .
Like Marx .
Or Darwin .
I ’m not sure I ’d put him in the same league with Marx or Darwin .
I do n’t think The Selfish Gene or The God Delusion quite sits on the same shelf as either Das Kapital or The Origin of Species .
Nor do I think that ‘ dangerous ’ ideas are necessarily bad .
But if a set of terms is so persistently getting people into mischief , so consistently sending people off to extremes , maybe they ’re more misleading than ‘ dangerous ’ and need to be substantially rethought .
Specifically , I think ‘ selfish genes ’ and ‘ memes ’ are a problem ; ‘ extended phenotype ’ is a bit more interesting .
I suspect that my discomfort with the ‘ selfish gene ’ concept is because the argument was first penned in a very different intellectual environment .
To the degree that Dawkins persuaded people , some of the best parts of his arguments have likely become common knowledge in the field of evolutionary thought , only the odder or more extreme bits still standing out as distinctively his own .
So again , I do n’t want to be unfair to an important theorist , especially as his ideas make it possible to explore subjects like neuroanthropology , but for foundational ideas not to become anachronism , they have to be updated and flexible , not rigid and overly idealized .
In the past , I ’ve been pretty hard on the ‘ memes ’ concept , which I think is one of the more unfortunate ideas in evolutionary theory , although , again , I try not to blame Dawkins for the truly egregious abuses of his neologism by other theorists ( on ‘ memes ’ you can read more here and here ) .
But even other evolutionary theorists typically find this theoretical reach hard to accept , and the Dawkins ’ version of this nugget of stupidity is already hard to swallow , even before abuse by over - zealous followers .
Unlike the ‘ selfish gene , ’ which has a core of insight , I feel like ‘ meme ’ is pretty hopeless all the way down , but you ’ll have to read our other posts on the subject to really get all the arguments against ‘ memetics ’ .
But the most difficult aspect of Dawkins ’ evolutionary theory for neuroanthropology , in my opinion , is that he has so little interest in phenotype or in developmental dynamics , privileging selective pressures and genetic inheritance over variation , non-selective evolutionary pressures , random events , and an organism ’s development .
I feel that Dawkins ’ account of evolution is too directional , too comfortable with assumptions about improvement , increased complexity , and growing fitness ( ironically , I think that this sort of directionality and assumption about ‘ improvement ’ are an error shared with Creationists , although Dawkins ’ and those who agree with him commit it on a much smaller scale ) .
Dawkins has been scathing at times of anyone who thinks evolution might be affected by any processes other than natural or sexual selection in ways that seem to me close - minded and , frankly , idealistic rather than scientific .
It may be logically consistent to believe only in a single force shaping organisms , but this does n’t make it scientific or even consistent with empirical facts .
In addition , because we at Neuroanthropology .
net take so seriously emergent dynamics — how culture and behavioural patterns can affect gene expression or child development , for example — there ’s very little space in Dawkins ’ theories for most of the subjects we write about .
Instead , ideas like ‘ meme ’ and ‘ selfish genes ’ sort of suck the air out of the room and make sustained exploration of organism - level and social dynamics virtually impossible .
It ’s odd that a guy so concerned about the scale of perception can be so blasé that his concepts are a kind of scorched earth assault on whole sections of biology , ecology , ethology , epigenetics , neuropsychology , and other life sciences .
Specifically , as a spokesman for evolutionary theory , I ’m not sure that his brand is the best symbol for what we all do : Dawkins ’ model of evolution is not terribly inclusive of the range of evolutionary work being done , and it plays into some nasty popular tendencies toward simplistic thinking and genetic essentialism .
In other words , if he ’s setting up the public tent for evolutionary theorists to get a hearing , he ’s put the stakes awful close together and we ’re not all going to get in there .
Moreover , we ’re going to have to fight public prejudices that some of his arguments may actually harden and exaggerate .
Dawkins : the personality issue
The second reason that I ’m uncomfortable with Dawkins as the public face of evolutionary thought is the personality issue .
He may be the reigning ‘ Mr. Evolution , ’ but he wo n’t be picking up the ‘ Congeniality ’ prize from the other contestants .
Just read the description of Dawkins that appeared on the ABC website , and was picked up by other websites :
Richard Dawkins is the essence of scientific reason , an evolutionary biologist , a best - selling author , and strident atheist .
He ’s been declared one of the most influential – and provocative – thinkers of our time .
The ‘ essence of scientific reason ’?
Well , at least he ’s ‘ strident . ’
Dawkins ’ is the most ultra- of the Darwinists , more Darwinist than Darwin even .
Or , as the press sometimes likes to call him , ‘ Darwin ’s Rottweiler . ’
It ’s just that he comes across in episodes like this interview as a bit bi-polar .
He alternates between so passionless that he seems to be empathy - impaired and then suddenly ‘ strident ’ and over - irritated , the scientific equivalent of the old guy yelling , ‘ You kids , get off my lawn , or I ’m callin ’ the police ! ’
Dawkins does n’t seem to have an overly - broad palette of emotional colours ; a bit of scientific wonder , a streak of irritability , and the rest appears to be confusion about what other lifeforms around him might think or feel .
There ’s no problem with affective flatness — some of my best friends are pretty monotone — but as a ‘ charismatic ’ leader or media personality , Dawkins is about as compelling as most of the current crop of Australian federal opposition leaders ( one reason that Labour has little to worry about in federal elections ) .
One of the great problems with the Ultra-Believers — religious fundamentalists , Creationists , and other adversaries of Dawkins — is that they ’re so absurdly humourless , up - tight , and self - righteous .
So it ’s especially sad that Dawkins brings to the debate little humour , no gentleness or empathy , and precious little ability to laugh at himself .
The two sides sound too similar : equally graceless .
Would n’t it be nice if our side ’s frontman was charming , or at least more life - like than the changing of the guard at Buckingham Palace ?
For example , Denton asks at the very end of the interview : ‘ I do have one final question , having read some of your work , having looked at a lot of your work , I ’m curious , what star sign are you ? ’
Dawkins can’t even get a chuckle or a strained smile out of this , what has to be the most absurd question you could ask Dawkins short of one about his guardian angel , reading his palm , or who he thinks he was in a previous lifetime .
Especially to an Australian audience , this complete inability to laugh at himself makes Dawkins come across as pretty damn unlikeable .
Why ca n’t we have an ‘ essence of scientific reason ’ with a touch of cleverness , kindness , good humour , patience or some other personal virtues ?
Why does the ‘ essence of scientific reason ’ personified have to be so cold and inflexible , so brittle and unlikeable ?
And do we really need a lot more moral outrage in the public debate about religion , faith , human origins , and the like ?
Sometimes I feel like Dawkins and the Creationists are like mirror images of each other , alike in every way except the crucial question of whether they believe in evolution .
The presentation style mirrors Dawkins ’ missionary zeal for evolutionary theory , but it also seems to give more credit to the doubters , the Creationists , and the evolution deniers than they deserve .
Getting wound up by Creationists implies that they have a point , or even a leg to stand on ; a bit of joyful , chuckling condescension seems to me to be a more appropriate way to deal with these yahoos .
But , as I ’ve written elsewhere , it ’s easier for me to be magnanimous , living in a ( mostly ) secular country and not suffering from their meddling in my kids ’ school curriculum .
And as an anthropologist , I ’m a kind of professional ‘ shallow believer ’ in whatever people want to tell me ( ‘ You say you ’re possessed ?
Awesome .
What ’s that like ? ’ ) .
To be sympathetic , I ’d probably be at least as irritable as Dawkins if I ever had to deal with Ted Haggard .
Atheism and evolutionary thought
Finally , there ’s Dawkins ’ atheism and his insistence that evolutionary thought is incompatible with theism of any sort .
I ’m a scientist .
I believe there is a profound contradiction between science and religious belief .
There is no well demonstrated reason to believe in God and I think the idea of a divine creator belittles the elegant reality of the universe .
If he thinks that it ’s so important to convince people about evolutionary theory , he may not be doing himself any favours by bundling it with the insistence that accepting evolution necessitates denying the existence of divinity .
Even in a secular society like Australia , about 80 % of those who responded to a question about religion in the 2006 Census expressed belief in some sort of religion .
On this point , in addition , Dawkins is simply wrong empirically : there are other evolutionary theorists who are not atheists .
Full stop
End of discussion .
He says it ’s impossible to believe in God and evolutionary theory at the same time ; here ’s someone who does it — he ’s wrong .
So for Dawkins to argue that it is logically impossible or a ‘ profound contradiction ’ to hold to evolutionary theory and believe in some sort of deity requires him to assume that any theistic evolutionary theorist must be illogical , self - delusional , or lying .
He has referred to religion as a ‘ virus ’ of the mind , which is only insulting until you realize that meme - theory basically assumes every idea , skill or concept behaves like a virus .
In other words , if this is the spokesperson for evolutionary theory , he ’s attaching another message that ’s a kind of poison pill to the more widely - accepted argument for evolution ; even in the notoriously Creationist US , at least 40 % of the population expresses support for the assertion that humans ‘ developed from earlier species of animals ’ , a much higher percentage than accept atheism ( see this article in New Scientist , for example ) .
I wish Dawkins did n’t bring up atheism with evolutionary theory ; it just confuses and entangles things as far as I ’m concerned .
In fact , when Dawkins describes the ‘ poetry ’ in science , he sounds very much like a natural theologian , arguing that the ‘ majesty ’ of nature demonstrates some sort of beauty ( or divinity , in the case of the theologian ) .
In the interview , Dawkins says :
Science is opening your eyes to the wonderfulness of what ’s there .
It ’s , it ’s as though you ’ve got tiny little , I ’ve used the analogy of a burka , you know those dreadful ghastly black tents that Muslims wear , and you ’ve got this tiny slit , rip open the burka .
That ’s what science does , and the light floods in , and that ’s poetry .
The poetry of the expanding universe , the poetry of geological time , the poetry of the deep complexity of life , all these things , which we ’re not normally equipped to understand and the science gives it to us .
Do n’t get me wrong ; I actually like what he ’s saying here .
I like Dawkins more when he ’s talking about the aesthetic joy to be found in science than elsewhere in the interview , such as when he refuses to talk about what he would consider a personal view of ‘ success . ’
When he describes being ‘ overwhelmed by the scale of the universe ’ and a kind of exultation in the imagination - challenging scale of the universe , Dawkins nails some of the passion of natural sciences .
Again , maybe it ’s the anthropologist in me that prefers to leave open the questions that cannot be closed , to acknowledge whenever possible diverse perspectives , and to engage with the insights that come from diverse worldviews .
I suspect that , if I were to read Dawkins ’ works articulating his atheist perspective ( books like The God Delusion ) , I would n’t find much of substance to argue against .
I do n’t think religion is necessarily the most dangerous human invention ; certainly , nationalism , race , and millenarianism would all have to rank up with religion when it comes to motivating intentional immiseration of our fellow humans .
And there ’s a few technological innovations that are looking pretty dangerous at the moment .
After - thoughts
I went back and watched video interviews of Stephen Jay Gould ( see an interview by Charlie Rose and one here on YouTube ) just to make sure I was n’t romanticising him , and was reminded again why I miss his writing so much .
Look , before anyone writes some comment suggesting I do n’t know that this interview was n’t really the kind of forum where Dawkins ’ warmth , sense of humour , and engaging personality could shine , I do respect Prof .
Dawkins for a whole host of projects : he ’s amazingly prolific and has taken principled stands on everything from animal rights to opposition to the Iraq War , against medical quackery and ‘ intelligent design ’ in school curricula , as an environmentalist and in general for scientific rationalism .
There ’s LOTS to like in Dawkins ’ CV .
He ’s put forward some of the most compelling and widely cited works on evolutionary theory ; even though I might personally disagree with some of the crucial details , I can certainly respect the quality of the work , and from where he ’s writing ( and written ) it in time and the intellectual terrain .
I think I ’d be more comfortable with Dawkins if I saw more evidence that he acknowledged diversity of opinion among evolutionary theorists in his public statements , even though I can understand why , faced with someone like Ted Haggard , who tries to use this scientific debate to discredit scientists , Dawkins might opt to temporarily overlook the arguments .
In fact , Dawkins has written some very kind things about Gould , and by all accounts , their debate was respectful ; if so , it ’s credit to both , as these arguments can get so bitter and ad hominem .
So although I found Dawkins a bit brittle and irritable on the surface in this interview with Denton , he clearly is capable of exemplary intellectual generosity .
I just wish we got to see more of it .
More about Richard Dawkins
National Geographic recorded a video interview with Prof .
Dawkins on the event of Darwin ’s birthday about evolution , Darwin , and belief in God .
Another discussion by David Shütz at the weblog , Sentire Cum Ecclesia , Andrew Denton ’s interview with “ Elder ” Richard Dawkins .
Cartoon from Edge : The Third Culture , ‘ RICHARD DAWKINS TOPS PROSPECT’S LIST OF BRITAIN ’S TOP 100 PUBLIC INTELLECTUALS .’
Photo of Prof. Dawkins with Christmas tree from The Hour ’s Blog .
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Google Inc. co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page , who still own nearly one - fifth of the Internet giant , disclosed Friday that they intend to significantly reduce their stake by selling roughly $ 5.5 billion worth of stock over five years .
The sales are significant , because they would effectively eliminate Brin and Page 's control of their company by cutting their collective voting power below 50 % .
Still , the 48 % voting power that the co-founders ' would retain following the sales nonetheless constitutes a formidable position of influence .
In a regulatory filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission , Brin and Page , who started Google GOOG , +0.01 % as graduate students at Stanford University , disclosed that under a five - year " diversification plan " adopted in November , they 'll be selling 5 million shares each .
Brin and Page currently own roughly 57.7 million shares of common stock in Google , or about 18 % of its outstanding capital stock .
Their diversification plan is intended " to allow Larry and Sergey to sell a portion of their Google stock over time as part of their respective long - term strategies for individual asset diversification and liquidity , " according to the regulatory filing .
At Google 's closing stock price of $ 550.01 on Friday , the co-founders ' sale of stock would result in proceeds of roughly $ 2.75 billion each .
Brin and Page have maintained significant ownership stakes in Google , while also relying on a dual - class stock structure at the company that currently grants them about 59 % of the voting power of the company 's outstanding capital stock .
After their planned five years of stock sales , their voting power would be reduced to roughly 48 % , according to the regulatory filing .
Google shares dipped $ 6.47 to $ 545.25 in after - hours trading .
The search giant 's stock price has been on a wild ride over the past two years , veering toward $ 250 in late 2008 , before mounting a steady recovery throughout 2009 .
Early last year , Google took the unusual step of resetting stock options for employees at lower prices , making it easier for them to cash in on their equity .
Two studies released this month have brought into focus the degree to which Americans are turning to illicit substances and alcohol in response to the stress brought on by the COVID - 19 pandemic .
Yesterday , Underwater Thrills : Swimming with Sharks a commentary on the need for standardizing protocols for SPOT ( Smart Position and Temperature ) tagging of breeding - age great white sharks at Isla de Guadalupe .
Accompanying the commentary was the video seen below .
It ’s hard to argue with the points made over at the Underwater Thrills blog , after watching the video .
The seawater hose that is needed for the shark to continue to breathe is all over the place in the video , instead of in the sharks mouth passing water through its gills .
Another apparent major fault seen in this video is the lack of proper support for the shark , listed as weighing over 1,000 kg ( 2,205 lbs ) in the video ’s information .
The coup de grâce for the video occurs when one of the researchers loses balances and ends up flipping off the stern of the research vessel , bouncing off the head of the shark and landing in the water .
Fortunately , the individual did not seem to be seriously injured by the fall .
The events in this video illustrate the risks to both the humans and the sharks involved in this technique .
While there is little doubt that those involved with SPOT tagging have the intention of helping great white sharks by gaining more knowledge about the species , the risks involved in operations like the one seen in the video seem like they create a potential “ more harm than good ” scenario .
Here ’s to hoping that future endeavors involving SPOT tagging can follow a methodology that is safer for both researchers and sharks alike .
To put that into perspective , 50 Kb per second is the sort of speed that anyone still on dial - up modem will be getting when connecting to their ISP , so you can imagine how fast that must have seemed in 1969 .
Computers had been able to connect before this point via direct modem connection , with speeds of 15 characters a second .
Over the net , the speeds were already 50 kb many orders of magnitude greater .
The date that most have now centred on is 29 October 1969 , which is when a message was sent by a student programmer called Charley Kline - under supervision from Professor Leonard Kleinrock - from a computer at UCLA to Bill Duvall running a computer at the Stanford Research Institute ( SRI ) .
In fact , the moment that the internet ' itself was born is open to debate .
Was it when the TCP / IP protocol was created in 1978 , enabling all networks to connect to each other ?
Was it when the first web browser was invented in 1989 , or was it when the first spam message was received in 1973 ?
1969 was a big year for technology and science .
In June , this year , we celebrated 40 years since the first manned moon landing , but in what may come as a surprise to many , this month also marks the 40th official anniversary of the birth of the internet .
The reason for the message attempt was because Kline at UCLA was trying to was to gain remote access to the computer at SRI from UCLA , in order to be able to use its processing power .
IT PRO spoke to Professor Peter Willetts of City University , an expert in non-governmental organisation and global politics who has researched the early days of the internet .
" In those days computers were huge machines that dominated rooms and each had different advantages , " he said .
" They realised they were being under - utilised , so the first step was to set up remote terminals in different parts of the campus so users could use them at the same time . "
This remote access was known as time sharing ' .
This first connection attempt was legendary .
Kline and Duvall and Duvall had written software to enable the computers to accept connections , and the first thing they had to do was log in .
The first character sent was L' , followed by O ' at which point the SRI computer crashed a most inauspicious beginning for the first network connection .
Of course , they tried again , and the second time round they were successful with the first connection made over the net .
Arpanet
The network that this connection was made over was the Arpanet ' , which is commonly seen as a forerunner to the internet as we know it .
This was created by the US government .
It was a direct response to the launch of Sputnik by the Russians , an event that had a seismic effect on the US government and indeed the American people , who were shocked by the evidence that despite being supposedly backward , the Soviets were technologically ahead of them .
As a result , President Eisenhower commissioned the Advanced Research Projects Agency ( ARPA ) , which put money in computer science .
The thinking behind this was that the launch of Sputnik proved that the US was behind in technology and needed a faster method of sharing information between scientists and academics .
Most Americans are paying too much for marijuana .
I 'm not referring to people who smoke it — using the drug generally costs about as much as using alcohol .
Marijuana is unaffordable for the rest of America because billions are wasted on misdirected drug education and distracted law enforcement , and we also fail to tax the large underground economy that supplies cannabis .
On Monday , the New Jersey legislature passed a bill legalizing marijuana for a short list of medical uses .
Outgoing Democratic Gov. Jon Corzine says he will ...
Coverup of the German army ’s role in the Kunduz massacre continues
By Ulrich Rippert
7 December 2009
During last Thursday ’s plenary session of the German federal parliament , in which a wide majority of deputies voted to continue the German military ’s operation in Afghanistan , Defence Minister Karl - Theodor zu Guttenberg made a statement about the recent massacre in the Kunduz region .
Contrary to his earlier estimation of the incident , the minister declared that the bombing of two tanker lorries on September 4 had been “ militarily disproportionate ” .
At a press conference on November 6 , Guttenberg had wholeheartedly defended the order to bomb the lorries and definitively described it as “ militarily proportionate ” .
He conceded that a NATO ( North Atlantic Treaty Organization ) enquiry might subsequently conclude that there had been “ procedural mistakes ” and “ inadequate training of personnel in some areas ” , but he added that “ Even if there had n’t been any procedural shortcomings , the air attack would still have been necessary . ”
His “ reassessment of events ” has been welcomed by many commentators and described by the Handelsblatt daily newspaper as “ a 180 degree turn ” , but this is certainly not the case .
In his parliamentary address on Thursday , Guttenberg expressly gave his support to Colonel Georg Klein , who had ordered the air attack in the early hours of September 4 .
Although NATO assumes that up to 142 people — including numerous civilians and children — were killed in the air attack , Guttenberg emphasised that the colonel ’s decision had his “ complete sympathy ” .
Colonel Klein had acted “ undoubtedly with the soundest understanding and conscience , ” he claimed .
According to Karim Popal , a Bremen attorney who grew up in Afghanistan , the number of victims is significantly higher .
Having carried out his own investigations in Afghanistan , Popal asserts that the attack claimed 169 civilian victims — 139 dead , 20 wounded and 20 missing .
As a result of the attack , there are 163 orphans and 91 women have lost their husbands .
Nevertheless , the minister assured parliament : “ I want to say quite clearly that Colonel Klein has my complete confidence ... ”
He claimed there were good reasons why Klein “ made a subjective assessment of the military appropriateness of his course of action .
And I repeat : Colonel Klein undoubtedly acted with the soundest understanding and conscience , as well as for the protection of all his soldiers . ”
The minister addressed himself several times to the soldiers and officers following the debate from the visitors ’ gallery of the parliament .
Despite his reassessment of events , he said : “ ... however , I will not make any correction to my assessment of appreciation for Colonel Klein . ”
According to Guttenberg ’s reasoning , therefore , the greatest massacre perpetrated by the German military since the crimes of Hitler ’s armed forces was objectively unjustified but could indeed be justified subjectively .
The person responsible for this “ militarily disproportionate ” action , which claimed so many victims , is accorded the minister ’s complete sympathy and unreserved support .
This absurd argumentation serves to continue the coverup of the real events .
The minister fails to offer any evidence that the colonel acted “ with the soundest understanding and conscience ” .
All the facts known so far contradict such a conclusion .
The claim that the order for the bombing of the tanker lorries was given in haste and under conditions of immediate danger — i.e. , to protect the soldiers — is not tenable .
Der Spiegel magazine meticulously reconstructed the course of events , based on its own research and the report of the ISAF ( NATO - led International Security Assistance Force ) enquiry .
This concluded with the following scenario .
Firstly , the hijacked tankers were moving away from the German army ’s PRT ( Provincial Reconstruction Team ) headquarters towards the Kunduz River .
If there had been any direct danger initially , it abated in the course of the operation .
Having travelled almost seven kilometres away from the depot , both lorries became bogged down in a sandy river bed and immobilised .
Secondly , a US air force bomber equipped with night - vision technology observed the scene and sent live video images to the German base camp .
It kept watch on the hijackers for several hours and was then relieved by two US F - 15 fighter - bombers that continued transmitting live pictures .
An increasing number of people could be seen on the video images .
As this was happening , an Afghan informant telephoned the German colonel to report that the tanker lorries were stuck in the sand and the petrol was being distributed to villagers .
Thirdly , the fighter - bomber pilots asked the German troop command on two occasions whether their own forces had come into contact with the enemy and whether — in view of the large number of people around the trucks — it was required that they be buzzed or frightened away with low - level flights .
Twice they received the false information that there had been contact with the enemy and they posed an immediate threat , although no troops had moved out of the German Kunduz base to assess what was actually happening at the river ford .
Der Spiegel commented that Colonel Klein would not have been permitted to order — on his own authority — an air attack in the absence of previous enemy engagement and imminent danger .
The magazine added : “ The criticisms raised against Colonel Klein in the ISAF report are hard - hitting .
They lead to the conclusion that Klein lied to the pilots and that the bombing was ordered by issuing false information .
Whoever reads the ISAF report carefully must get the impression that Klein wanted to kill . ”
Defence Minister Guttenberg already knew about these facts at the beginning of November , when he defended the bombing of the lorries , describing it as “ militarily proportionate ” and unavoidable .
Only when the systematic coverup could no longer be maintained was Guttenberg prepared to gradually adapt to the truth .
Now he is declaring that the bombing was “ militarily disproportionate ” , although he continues to defend the army officer who ordered this excessively aggressive operation .
Why ?
The claim that Klein acted on his own authority without consultation with his superiors is hardly credible .
Why has the brigadier general responsible for the German contingent in Afghanistan been replaced twice since the massacre ?
On October 3 , General Jörg Vollmer was relieved of his command and replaced by General Jürgen Setzer , who had to give way to General Leidenberger at the end of November .
Leidenberger is primarily distinguished by the fact that he has worked for years as head officer at the Federal Intelligence Service ( BND ) .
What is being covered up here ?
The fact that Guttenberg has defended the person who ordered the bombing , even though he distanced himself from the atrocity after details of the massacre of civilians became known , suggests that he was in accord with the aims and intentions behind the attack .
For years , leading military personnel — particularly commanders of troops operating in foreign countries — have been calling for the lifting of restrictions imposed on the army since its foundation in the 1950s .
They demand greater freedom of action and less dependence on decisions reached by parliament .
Moreover , they insist on being granted the same license to kill already given to the US , British and Israeli armies .
Like them , the German commanders want to have the right to carry out offensive operations and kill people they define as the enemy , without being held accountable .
Prior to his ministerial appointment , Guttenberg worked to increase the army ’s influence on the government .
In 2007 , he called for the appointment of a spokesperson on Afghanistan in the chancellery , in order to push through war aims and tactics in the face of growing popular opposition .
The systematic campaign to cover up the Kunduz River massacre reveals the determination with which the military leadership pursues and asserts its interests .
Chrome 4 went stable yesterday .
One of the many new things in this release is the addition of Strict Transport Security .
STS allows a site to request that it always be contacted over HTTPS .
So far , only Chrome supports it .
However , the popular NoScript Firefox extension also supports it and hopefully support will appear in Firefox proper at some point .
The issue that STS addresses is that users tend to type http :// at best , and omit the scheme entirely most of the time .
In the latter case , browsers will insert http :// for them .
However , HTTP is insecure .
An attacker can grab that connection , manipulate it and only the most eagle eyed users might notice that it redirected to https://www.bank0famerica.com or some such .
From then on , the user is under the control of the attacker , who can intercept passwords etc at will .
An STS enabled server can include the following header in an HTTPS reply :
Strict - Transport - Security : max-age=16070400 ; includeSubDomains
When the browser sees this , it will remember , for the given number of seconds , that the current domain should only be contacted over HTTPS .
In the future , if the user types http :// or omits the scheme , HTTPS is the default .
In fact , all requests for URLs in the current domain will be redirected to HTTPS .
( So you have to make sure that you can serve them all ! ) .
For more details , see the specification .
There is still a window where a user who has a fresh install , or who wipes out their local state , is vulnerable .
Because of that , we 'll be starting a " Preloaded STS " list .
These domains will be configured for STS out of the box .
In the beginning , this will be hardcoded into the binary .
As it ( hopefully ) grows , it can change into a list this is shared across browsers , like the safe - browsing database is today .
If you own a site that you would like to see included in the preloaded STS list , contact me at .
A government - appointed special commission set out Thursday on an urgent mission : to supervise the disbandment of private armies long maintained by Philippine politicians in time for May elections , and to convince the public it is sincere in its efforts .
President Gloria Arroyo established the group after a massacre of 57 people in southern Maguindanao Province last November that was linked to one such militia .
The militia was run by the Ampatuan political clan , who were at the time members of Ms. Arroyo 's ruling coalition .
The Ampatuans have since been expelled .
The authorities have accused the family of committing the murders in November to prevent a rival politician from running for governor of the province against them .
The principal accused , a mayor named Andal Ampatuan Jr. , pleaded not guilty in court Tuesday to multiple charges of murder .
Philippines Defense Secretary Norberto Gonzales says there are 132 private militias in the country with a combined strength of 10,000 men that politicians use to intimidate rivals and voters .
But critics worry that only private armies belonging to opposition politicians will be disbanded , especially since the governing party ’ s candidate to replace Ms. Arroyo in May is trailing three opposition candidates in the opinion polls .
Skepticism dogs the commission
The government has appealed for public support for the commission , which is chaired by a retired judge and includes a Roman Catholic bishop , an Islamic scholar , a retired senior police officer , a retired general , a broadcaster , and a private campaigner against crime and corruption .
“ This is an undertaking not just by the administration or by the commission .
It is an undertaking by all of us who were affected by what happened last year in Maguindanao and wish to put an end to this type of incident once and for all , ” said Gary Olivar , a spokesman for the president .
Still , public skepticism remains strong about the willingness of the government to disband the militias , which have been part of the political scene for six decades .
The commission will only make recommendations to the president , while disbandment will be up to the Army and the Philippine National Police ( PNP ) .
“ If it ’s a recommendatory body , I do n’t know now if that ’s a cheap grandstanding stunt , or a meaningful step toward addressing the problem of private armies , ” says Christian Monsod , former chairman of the election authority .
“ I do n't think they 'll find out anything new that is not already known to the PNP and military .
Part of the problem is that the military and the police were involved in legitimizing private armies and groups like the Ampatuans ' , " he said .
Private armies a longstanding practice
Successive central governments have allowed official militias to form , and have often allowed the military and police to use them against communist or Muslim separatist groups .
Some local politicians have coopted these civilian volunteers to do their bidding , with Manila turning a blind eye .
In return , local politicians have used their influence over the electorate to ensure the election to national office of candidates that support the central government .
This was the case with the Ampatuans in Maguindano .
The police said the Ampatuans had hundreds of armed followers , many of whom belonged to an officially sanctioned militia .
The police also said they had found more than 1,000 firearms – some of them government - issue – in Ampatuan caches .
Such evidence has created doubt that Arroyo has the political will to disband private armies .
“ Will she do it ?
Or is she merely grandstanding to show her concern over the evil influence of private armies on national politics ? ” asked the Philippine Daily Inquirer in an editorial on Monday .
“ She owes a lot to private armies .
She owes a lot particularly to the Ampatuan political dynasty and its private army . ”
“ But even before the commission buckles down to work , nothing but lack of resolve prevents the president from ordering the military and the police to get on with the task of dismantling the private armies before they create any more damage , ” said the Inquirer , a consistent critic of the president .
One member of the commission , anticrime campaigner Dante Jimenez , appealed to be public to give it – and the president – a chance to prove itself .
“ Once we have the recommendations and if the President approves them , then we will see that she has political will , ” said Mr. Jimenez .
The water level of the river Nile – crucial to the economy in many parts of Uganda , Egypt , Sudan and Ethiopia – is dropping .
Film - maker Andrew Johnstone follows the course of the Nile to discover how climate change is already affecting the river ’s farming communities
China 's Mystery Spacelab
by Morris Jones
Sydney , Australia ( SPX ) Jan 20 , 2010
We could be less than a year away from the launch of Tiangong - 1 , China 's first space laboratory .
We 've been expecting this launch for years , but relatively little is still known about this mission .
We have grown used to seeing computer - generated artwork of this small , stubby laboratory module , not much larger than the Shenzhou crew - carrying spacecraft that will dock with it .
China Central Television has also broadcast short video clips showing the module undergoing assembly , and periodically , a short news report on the mission pops up in the Chinese media .
Beyond this , not much is really known about Tiangong .
We do n't even know if the launch will take place this year or in 2011 .
The Chinese themselves probably do n't know for sure at this stage .
Tiangong does n't have to meet any launch windows for reaching planets , so the Chinese can afford to take their time with the launch .
As with any new spacecraft , there 's probably a lot of debugging to perform , then more testing .
It would not be surprising if the laboratory did n't take off before the end of 2010 .
What do we know for sure ?
Tiangong seems to consist of a short , cylindrical pressurized module , with not much more internal volume for the crew than a Shenzhou spacecraft .
To the rear of this is a service module , containing two solar panel wings , a propulsion system and other gear .
The service module has a slightly smaller diameter than the pressurized module .
Tiangong also boasts a Russian - derived APAS - style docking system , with three guidance " petals " at its front to interlock with an identical docking collar .
Artwork and video footage of Tiangong also reveals a cylindrical device pointing outwards from the rear of the pressurized module .
This is almost certainly some type of optical telescope , probably for an Earth observation camera .
There is also a large parabolic dish antenna bolted to the side of the service module , presumably for communications with a satellite in geostationary orbit .
China has already used such a satellite - to - satellite system to communicate with Shenzhou .
After several garbled Chinese media reports , China eventually confirmed that the next Shenzhou launch , Shenzhou 8 , will be an unmanned flight sent to dock with Tiangong - 1 . Shenzhou 8 will carry an experiment package , including payloads from Germany .
After an unspecified time , it will undock from Tiangong and return to Earth .
The primary purpose of this mission seems to be testing the rendezvous and docking procedures that will later be used to send astronauts to Tiangong .
When Shenzhou 9 launches , it will carry three astronauts to dock with Tiangong and live aboard it .
Obviously , neither of the aforementioned Shenzhou missions can launch before Tiangong has flown .
But we do not know when they will launch , or how long each flight will last .
The requirements of each mission , however , give some insight into their lengths .
Shenzhou 8 has the potential to be a fairly long flight .
It will not take long to verify the docking procedures .
China may elect to perform several dockings and undockings over a few days .
But the experiments carried on board could require longer flight times to be effective .
Even the long - term operation of the Shenzhou spacecraft itself is an experiment .
China could want to demonstrate the longevity of the spacecraft for long - term missions and lifeboat service on future Chinese space stations .
With no crew on board , engineers can afford to take greater risks .
It 's possible that the mission could last several weeks or even months !
China could elect to dock Shenzhou 8 to Tiangong , then generally power it down into " sleep " mode .
During this time , telemetry and other functions could be performed by Tiangong .
Then , Shenzhou could be awakened from hibernation before undocking and returning to Earth .
Is this a likely scenario ?
We do n't really know , but we have no evidence to reject it .
Shenzhou 9 is likely to be a much shorter mission for a simple reason - logistics .
Three astronauts will ride aboard this mission .
The combined volume of Shenzhou and Tiangong could not accommodate the food , water and other supplies that would be needed for a long flight .
It seems possible to extend the mission for roughly two weeks , but going beyond this would be difficult .
This would still be a fairly long space mission , comparable to a contemporary Shuttle flight .
It will provide ample opportunity for the astronauts to perform many tasks .
What will they do ?
Much of the time will probably be spent experimenting upon themselves , given the fact that these astronauts will spend longer in weightlessness than any Chinese astronauts before them .
There will also be ample use of the Earth observation camera system , for a variety of purposes .
Some other experiments will also be carried , and the astronauts will also probably make television broadcasts back to Earth .
Some experiments on board Tiangong will probably run automatically while the station is unoccupied .
The astronauts may simply need to retrieve samples from them before they return .
It would be good to know more about Tiangong , and we should hopefully see more details emerge in the months ahead .
Dr Morris Jones has covered China 's manned space program for more than a decade .
He is the author of The New Moon Race , available from Rosenberg Publishing ( www.rosenbergpub.com.au).
John Courson , president and C.E.O. of the Mortgage Bankers Association , recently told The Wall Street Journal that homeowners who default on their mortgages should think about the “ message ” they will send to “ their family and their kids and their friends . ”
Courson was implying that homeowners — record numbers of whom continue to default — have a responsibility to make good .
He was n’t referring to the people who have no choice , who ca n’t afford their payments .
He was speaking about the rising number of folks who are voluntarily choosing not to pay .
Such voluntary defaults are a new phenomenon .
Time was , Americans would do anything to pay their mortgage — forgo a new car or a vacation , even put a younger family member to work .
But the housing collapse left 10.7 million families owing more than their homes are worth .
So some of them are making a calculated decision to hang onto their money and let their homes go .
Is this irresponsible ?
Businesses — in particular Wall Street banks — make such calculations routinely .
Morgan Stanley recently decided to stop making payments on five San Francisco office buildings .
A Morgan Stanley fund purchased the buildings at the height of the boom , and their value has plunged .
Nobody has said Morgan Stanley is immoral — perhaps because no one assumed it was moral to begin with .
But the average American , as if sprung from some Franklinesque mythology , is supposed to honor his debts , or so says the mortgage industry as well as government officials .
Former Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. declared that “ any homeowner who can afford his mortgage payment but chooses to walk away from an underwater property is simply a speculator — and one who is not honoring his obligation . ”
( Paulson presumably was not so censorious of speculation during his 32 - year career at Goldman Sachs . )
Image Credit ...
Source : First American CoreLogic , November 2009
The moral suasion has continued under President Obama , who has urged that homeowners follow the “ responsible ” course .
Indeed , HUD - approved housing counselors are supposed to counsel people against foreclosure .
In many cases , this means counseling people to throw away money .
Brent White , a University of Arizona law professor , notes that a family who bought a three - bedroom home in Salinas , Calif . , at the market top in 2006 , with no down payment ( then a common - enough occurrence ) , could theoretically have to wait 60 years to recover their equity .
On the other hand , if they walked , they could rent a similar house for a pittance of their monthly mortgage .
A study released yesterday by the US National Science Foundation ( PDF available here ) cites data from the Pew Research Center and other leading academic centers and universities , as indicating that Americans ' interest in news about science and technology topics is perhaps 35 % lower today than at the advent of the Web .
Most notably , a Pew Research survey of an average of 3,615 respondents per year , in an ongoing study dating back to 1977 , shows a precipitous decline in the number of Americans who say they " closely follow " science and technology stories , from 1996 to 2008 .
While 20 % of respondents admitted to closely following tech news prior to the Web 's deployment on the Internet , only 13 % admitted so in 2008 .
( Data for 2009 has yet to be assimilated . )
Amazingly , the trend is not limited to technology news ; according to the study , along with other corroborative research to back it up , Americans ' intense interest in several other general topics has declined by similar amounts .
Health news , for instance , generated 42 % less intense interest over the 12 - year span , with only 20 % of respondents saying they follow that category regularly .
Crime as a category is less interesting to 32 % of respondents .
Entertainment news interest has declined by 33 % , to just 10 % of respondents ; and sports is less interesting to 30 % of those surveyed , with just 20 % expressing regularly intense interest .
Though Pew now lists a greater number of categories than in its original survey , science and technology ( S&T ) ranked # 13 in 2008 's list of 18 categories .
Advertisement
What 's interesting ?
Politics and financial news , both of which have seen slight gains .
Religious news remains steadily of interest of 17 % of respondents .
" Relative to interest in other topics , however , interest in S&T in the GSS was not particularly high , " states the NSF report .
" Interest in ' new scientific discoveries ' and 'use of new inventions and technologies ' ranked in the middle among the 10 areas most frequently listed in the surveys : above space exploration , agriculture and farming , and international and foreign policy ; below new medical discoveries , environmental pollution , economic issues and business conditions , and about the same as military and defense policy and local schools .
Of course , a more inclusive concept of S&T might treat several of the topics in this list , such as space exploration and new medical discoveries , as part of the S&T category ; furthermore , other topics often include substantial S&T content . "
In other words , certain news stories with a technology bent may have captured the nation 's attention for a time , but that attention failed to spur interest in science or technology categorically .
A sharp increase in tech - related stories was noted for the middle part of the last decade , due perhaps in large part to the repair of the Hubble Space Telescope .
While Americans showed interest in Hubble , for some reason , they failed to maintain their interest in space .
One possible reason for Americans ' disinterest in the NSF 's key bailiwick , the study 's authors believe , has to do with something called the " evening news . "
Citing a multi- year study by the Tyndall Report of the relative coverage of topics of interest by entities referred to as " the three major broadcast networks , " the collective amount of time devoted to S&T stories declined from about 750 minutes per year at the height of Hubble 's travails , to about 200 minutes by the end of 2010 .
What is this thing called " television ? "
According to the Pew study , it 's the place where 47 % of respondents in 2008 claim they get their principal news , with 22 % claiming the Internet and 20 % newspapers .
Although Pew cites a sharp rise in the apparent popularity of this Internet thing we 've been seeing ( perhaps in the paper or on the news ) , survey respondents who do cite the Internet as a source say it's as a supplement to what they receive through the Web .
HBO just announced a series of new , collectible True Blood figural busts from DC Unlimited , coming in July 2010 .
The first set of characters in the series are Sookie , Bill , and Eric , plus the Merlotte ’s neon sign .
You can pre-order the busts at local comic book stores , favorite online retailers , and pop culture and specialty stores , plus they ’ll be available at the HBO online store next summer .
HBO assures us that more characters will be added to the series later .
Check out the gorgeous prototypes below :
P erhaps Toronto police should heed their own advice and look both ways before they talk .
Well - intentioned though the force 's Pedestrian Safety Blitz may be , it is a misguided and paternalistic exercise doomed to failure .
The program , launched Wednesday after a rash of pedestrian deaths across the GTA , is flawed in its understanding of how people actually make their way through the city .
Despite what the police would have us believe , we are all jaywalkers .
We have no choice ; to negotiate the city on foot requires endless street crossing without benefit of traffic light , crosswalk or corner .
The police are now stopping jaywalkers and other pedestrians whose behaviour they do n't like to hand out tickets and deliver a lecture on street safety .
It 's for our own good , of course .
Pedestrians are naughty children who must be protected from themselves .
And sometimes we do need to be protected from ourselves .
Anyone who saunters into the path of an oncoming streetcar while engrossed in a cellphone conversation is asking for trouble .
But the reality of jaywalking is quite the opposite .
In fact , jaywalking can be much safer than crossing at a green light , corner or crosswalk .
That might sound counterintuitive , but the reason is simple : Jaywalkers assume nothing ; those crossing legally assume everything .
Pedestrians at a green light take it for granted that vehicles will come to a stop , that drivers turning right or left will see them , and that their right - of - way will be respected .
As we know , it 's not .
By contrast , jaywalkers look both ways , wait for a break in the traffic and often make eye contact with drivers before proceeding .
The concept of " naked streets , " or as the Dutch call them , woonerfs , is based on the same principle .
Because street signs have been removed , drivers and pedestrians are forced to pay close attention to each other .
Fewer accidents result .
No one should hold their breath waiting for naked streets to appear in Toronto ; that 's never going to happen .
On the other hand , it would be worth employing a bit more subtlety and intelligence than the police have managed .
Imposing fines and wagging fingers will accomplish nothing .
Deaths will continue .
And let 's not forget that the majority of the 14 pedestrians killed by drivers in the last few weeks were doing exactly what the law stipulated .
They were n't jaywalking , though they might have been better off had that been the case .
The police response , which is to blame the victim , misses the point and reinforces tired old prejudices against pedestrians .
In recent days , officers have been telling Toronto pedestrians that it does n't matter if they are in the right ; cars are bigger and go faster .
But , they remind us , it 's pedestrians who get killed , not drivers .
That may be true , but one wonders whether the argument would hold if , for example , we were talking about domestic violence .
Husbands tend to be bigger and stronger , so if you 're a woman , just stay out of their way .
Highly unlikely .
Not all pedestrian deaths are the drivers ' fault , but that 's not the point .
The issue is that we do n't share the roads .
Simply banning pedestrians from the streets , as the police would like , might please drivers , but even they must occasionally climb out from behind the wheel .
We have learned not to expect too much from the police , but their handling of the pedestrian deaths has revealed a force well behind the times .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" Be smart and be safe , " Elmer the Safety Elephant used to say .
So far , we have achieved neither .
Christopher Hume can be reached at chume@thestar.ca
Sorry for the title , I ’m not really serious .
But Bill de hÓra has put up an interesting post regarding Scala :
Yes , I know you can run Django in the JVM via Jython , I know there ’s Clojure , and Groovy too .
This is just about the theme of Ned ’s post , which is the type system .
And Scala has a better one than Java .
I ’m still somewhat undecided yet , but I ’m starting to believe that if any language has the chance to become Java ’s successor , it will be Scala .
It simply does n’t require - or at least it does n’t seem to require - the same amount of mind change for typical Java programmers .
( You know , it has classes , and curly braces , and it ’s taken seriously by the Java posse . )
I ’m not exactly enthusiastic about the language ’s design ( XML literals ?
WTF ? ) , and in fact strongly prefer Clojure as a JVM language .
But given the choice between Java and Scala , I wo n’t hesitate for a second - Scala is a way , way better language than Java , with its type inference , case classes , and support for functional programming .
So my position on programming languages as of November 2009 is this :
For pragmatic reasons , as well as for the fun in programming , there ’s still nothing that beats Ruby or JRuby on Rails for DB - backed Web applications .
From a language design standpoint , I believe that nothing beats Clojure .
It ’s my absolute favorite programming language at the moment .
So for domains other than mere Web development , I consider Clojure an excellent choice .
( I know about Compojure , and it ’s neat , but the community is probably about 0.01 % of the size of the Rails community . )
But if the forces that decide things will neither accept Clojure nor Ruby , I ’ll suggest Scala , feeling sure that there ’s simply no reasonable technical argument left to prefer Java instead .
Which is somewhat satisfying .
Is Antarctica Melting ?
There has been lots of talk lately about Antarctica and whether or not the continent 's giant ice sheet is melting .
One new paper 1 , which states there ’s less surface melting recently than in past years , has been cited as " proof " that there ’s no global warming .
Other evidence that the amount of sea ice around Antarctica seems to be increasing slightly 2 - 4 is being used in the same way .
But both of these data points are misleading .
Gravity data collected from space using NASA 's Grace satellite show that Antarctica has been losing more than a hundred cubic kilometers ( 24 cubic miles ) of ice each year since 2002 .
The latest data reveal that Antarctica is losing ice at an accelerating rate , too .
How is it possible for surface melting to decrease , but for the continent to lose mass anyway ?
The answer boils down to the fact that ice can flow without melting .
Two - thirds of Antarctica is a high , cold desert .
Known as East Antarctica , this section has an average altitude of about 2 kilometer ( 1.2 miles ) , higher than the American Colorado Plateau .
There is a continent about the size of Australia underneath all this ice ; the ice sheet sitting on top averages at a little over 2 kilometer ( 1.2 miles ) thick .
If all of this ice melted , it would raise global sea level by about 60 meter ( 197 feet ) .
But little , if any , surface warming is occurring over East Antarctica .
Radar and laser - based satellite data show a little mass loss at the edges of East Antarctica , which is being partly offset by accumulation of snow in the interior , although a very recent result from the NASA / German Aerospace Center 's Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment ( Grace ) suggests that since 2006 there has been more ice loss from East Antarctica than previously thought 5 . Overall , not much is going on in East Antarctica -- yet .
A Frozen Hawaii
West Antarctica is very different .
Instead of a single continent , it is a series of islands covered by ice -- think of it as a frozen Hawaii , with penguins .
Because it 's a group of islands , much of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet ( WAIS , in the jargon ) is actually sitting on the floor of the Southern Ocean , not on dry land .
Parts of it are more than 1.7 kilometer ( 1 mile ) below sea level .
Pine Island is the largest of these islands and the largest ice stream in West Antarctica is called Pine Island Glacier .
The WAIS , if it melted completely , would raise sea level by 5 to 7 meter ( 16 to 23 feet ) .
And the Pine Island Glacier would contribute about 10 percent of that .
Since the early 1990s , European and Canadian satellites have been collecting radar data from West Antarctica .
These radar data can reveal ice motion and , by the late 1990s , there was enough data for scientists to measure the annual motion of the Pine Island Glacier .
Using radar information collected between 1992 and 1996 , oceanographer Eric Rignot , based at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) , found that the Pine Island Glacier 's " grounding line " -- the line between the glacier 's floating section and the part of the glacier that rests on the sea floor -- had retreated rapidly towards the land .
That meant that the glacier was losing mass .
He attributed the retreat to the warming waters around West Antarctica 6 .
But with only a few years of data , he could n't say whether the retreat was a temporary , natural anomaly or a longer - term trend from global warming .
Rignot 's paper surprised many people .
JPL scientist Ron Kwok saw it as demonstrating that " the old idea that glaciers move really slowly is n't true any more . "
One result was that a lot more people started to use the radar data to examine much more of Antarctica .
A major review published in 2009 found that Rignot 's Pine Island Glacier finding had n't been a fluke 7 : a large majority of the marine glaciers of the Antarctic Peninsula were retreating , and their retreat was speeding up .
This summer , a British group revisited the Pine Island Glacier finding and found that its rate of retreat had quadrupled between 1995 and 2006 8 .
How the Ice Shelf Crumbles
The retreat of West Antarctica 's glaciers is being accelerated by ice shelf collapse .
Ice shelves are the part of a glacier that extends past the grounding line towards the ocean they are the most vulnerable to warming seas .
A longstanding theory in glaciology is that these ice shelves tend to buttress ( support the end wall of ) glaciers , with their mass slowing the ice movement towards the sea , and this was confirmed by the spectacular collapse of the Rhode Island - sized Larsen B shelf along the Eastern edge of the Antarctic Peninsula in 2002 .
The disintegration , which was caught on camera by NASA 's Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) imaging instruments on board its Terra and Aqua satellites , was dramatic : it took just three weeks to crumble a 12,000 - year old ice shelf .
Over the next few years , satellite radar data showed that some of the ice streams flowing behind Larsen B had accelerated significantly , while others , still supported by smaller ice shelves , had not 9 .
This dynamic process of ice flowing downhill to the sea is what enables Antarctica to continue losing mass even as surface melting declines .
Michael Schodlok , a JPL scientist who models the way ice shelves and the ocean interact , says melting of the underside of the shelf is a pre-requisite to these collapses .
Thinning of the ice shelf reduces its buttressing effect on the glacier behind it , allowing glacier flow to speed up .
The thinner shelf is also more likely to crack .
In the summer , meltwater ponds on the surface can drain into the cracks .
Since liquid water is denser than solid ice , enough meltwater on the surface can open the cracks up deeper down into the ice , leading to disintegration of the shelf .
The oceans surrounding Antarctica have been warming 10 , so Schodlok does n't doubt that the ice shelves are being undermined by warmer water being brought up from the depths .
But he admits that it has n't been proven rigorously , because satellites can’t measure underneath the ice .
Glaciologist Robert Bindschadler of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center intends to show just that .
He 's leading an expedition scheduled to start in 2011 to drill through the Pine Island Glacier and place an automated buoy into the water below it .
According to Bindschadler , Pine Island Glacier " is the place to go because that is where the changes are the largest .
If we want to understand how the ocean is impacting the ice sheet , go to where it 's hitting the ice sheet with a sledgehammer , not with a little tack hammer . "
Meanwhile , measurements from the Grace satellites confirm that Antarctica is losing mass 11 .
Isabella Velicogna of JPL and the University of California , Irvine , uses Grace data to weigh the Antarctic ice sheet from space .
Her work shows that the ice sheet is not only losing mass , but it is losing mass at an accelerating rate .
" The important message is that it is not a linear trend .
A linear trend means you have the same mass loss every year .
The fact that it ’s above linear , this is the important idea , that ice loss is increasing with time , " she says .
And she points out that it is n’t just the Grace data that show accelerating loss ; the radar data do , too .
" It is n't just one type of measurement .
It 's a series of independent measurements that are giving the same results , which makes it more robust . "
For more information about this topic , visit NASA 's Global Climate Change website .
References :
1 Marco Tedesco and Andrew J. Monaghan , " An updated Antarctic melt record through 2009 and its linkages to high - latitude and tropical climate variability , " Geophys .
Res. Lett. , 36 , L18502 ( 2009 ) .
2 http://arctic.atmos.uiuc.edu/cryosphere/IMAGES/current.anom.south.jpg
3 http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/04/090421101629.htm
4 http://nsidc.org/seaice/characteristics/difference.html
5 J. L. Chen et al. , " Accelerated Antarctic ice loss from satellite gravity measurements , " Nat. Geosci . 2 , 859-862 ( 2009 ) .
6 E.J. Rignot , " Fast Recession of a West Antarctic Glacier " , Science 281 , 549-551 ( 1998 )
7 P.A. Mayewski , et.al. , " State of the Antarctic and Southern Ocean Climate System , " Rev. Geophys . , 47 , 1-38 ( 2009 ) .
8 D. J. Wingham et.al. , " Spatial and Temporal Evolution of Pine Island Glacier thinning , 1995 - 2006 , " Geophys .
Res.Lett. 36 , L17501 ( 2009 ) .
9 E. Rignot et.al. , " Accelerated ice discharge from the Antarctic Peninsula following the collapse of Larsen B ice shelf , " Geophys .
Res. Lett. 31 , L18401 ( 2004 )
10 R. M. Robertson et al. , " Long term temperature trends in the deep waters of the Weddell Sea " , Deep Sea Research 49 , 21 , 4791 -4806 ( 2002 ) ; http://condor.pems.adfa.edu.au/FD-Course/webpage/longterm.pdf.
11Isabella Velicogna , " Increasing rates of ice mass loss from the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets revealed by GRACE , " Geophys .
Res. Lett. 36 , L19503 ( 2009 ) .
12 J. H. Mercer , " West Antarctic ice Sheet and CO2 Greenhouse Effect - Threat of Disaster , " Nature , 271 ( 5643 ) , 321-325 ( 1978 ) .
13 R. Kwok & D.A. Rothrock , " Decline in Arctic sea ice thickness from submarine and ICESat records : 1958 - 2008 , " Geophys .
Res. Lett. , 36 , L15501 ( 2009 ) ,
Erik Conway
NASA / Jet Propulsion Laboratory
There is a lot of buzz in the media right about sexual addiction .
It is still a new term , and celebrities such as Tiger Woods , David Duchovny , and Gene Simmons have all been associated with it .
But what does it mean to be a sex addict ?
Most men would spend all day having sex if they could , so what 's the point of putting a name to it ?
The medical field is constantly reexamining what it means to be addicted .
At first addiction referred to chemical dependency in the form of alcoholism , smoking , or drug use .
Then other addictions surfaced that appeared to have a more mental aspect , such as overeating and gambling .
Currently we are faced with identifying and interpreting the addictions that arise as a hybrid of the two .
Whether an addiction is more mental or physical in nature , it is defined as a behavior which a person continues to engage in regularly even to their own detriment .
As soon as a substance or activity is preventing you from enjoying other aspects of your life , it can be classified as an addiction .
It is something you are compelled to do , not something you choose to do , and is very difficult to quit .
When understood in this way , virtually anything can be an addiction , including playing video games , watching television , and drinking coffee .
A sex addict engages in intercourse pathologically .
Sex becomes an act that satisfies a need other than pleasure or intimacy ; it is a distraction or a way to avoid dealing with bigger problems .
Sexual arousal and climax induces relaxing , “ feel good ” chemicals in the brain , which can also serve to obliterate negative emotions .
For a sex addict , the desire for ( and pursuit of ) sexual contact gets in the way of everyday life .
An addict ’s thoughts are dominated by the search for their next partner .
This quest can easily get in the way of a healthy marriage and family life , as is the case with many celebrities .
Most sex addicts are not necessarily dissatisfied with their significant other ; rather , they need the rush of sex to feel alive .
Needless to say , the complex nature of sexual addiction makes it just as likely to occur in women as in men .
The fact that only men “ come out ” as addicts may reflect society ’s perceptions of women ’s sexuality rather than offer a true depiction of the disorder .
Currently , treatment for sexual addiction includes all of the major components of traditional therapy , including counseling , group sessions , and in some cases , time spent at a rehabilitation clinic .
It has a gigantic supercomputer , 1,500 staff and a £ 170 m - a - year budget .
So why does the Met Office get it so wrong ?
Its supercomputer makes 1,000 billion calculations a second - then tells us to expect a mild winter .
But what would you expect from a ' scientific ' organisation that for 20 years has been dominated by climate change zealots , and whose current chairman is the former boss of the World Wildlife Fund ?
' Cold of a variety not seen in over 25 years in a large scale is about to engulf the major energy - consuming areas of the northern hemisphere .
The first 15 days of the opening of the New Year will be the coldest , population weighted , north of 30 [ degrees ] north worldwide in over 25 years . '
That is the chilling ( quite literally ) verdict of Joe Bastardi , a weather forecaster on the American TV channel AccuWeather .
Yet , while many months ago he and several of his rivals correctly forecast a pre-Christmas freeze , the organisation that told us last year to prepare for a ' barbecue summer ' was getting it wrong again .
Bitter truth : A Eurostar train parked in snow in Kent last month despite Met Office predictions of a mild winter
This is our own famous Met Office , which last September confidently predicted a warmer than average winter for Britain .
Tell that to Eurostar passengers stuck in the Channel Tunnel for 18 hours before Christmas , the breakdown of their trains blamed on the coldest weather for 15 years .
Not until late November did the Met Office tone down its prediction by saying that there was a ' 50 per cent chance ' of a mild winter .
Spinning a coin could have given the same result - not one you would expect from an organisation that spends nearly £ 170 million a year , has 1,500 staff and a team of scientists operating a £ 30 million supercomputer capable of 1,000 billion calculations every second , with a carbon footprint the size of a small town .
Yet even with this brand - new computer in action since last August , on December 10 the Met Office predicted that it was ' more likely than not that 2010 will be the warmest year in the instrumental record , beating the previous record year which was 1998 ' .
That prediction stands unchanged .
How could the Met Office be so wrong , both about its barbecue summer and the mild winter ?
And could the answer to that question have anything to do with its remarkable transformation in recent years ?
Hot topic : Met Office chairman Robert Napier , who pushed climate change to the fore when he ran the World Wildlife Fund
From a fuddy - duddy organisation created in 1854 to provide a service to mariners , and then aviators when the aeroplane was invented , the Met Office became an arm of the Ministry of Defence .
But it has since transmuted into a powerful advocacy unit that sees its main mission to convince the world that we are prey to ' dangerous climate change ' .
Much of this is down to one man - John Houghton ( now Sir John ) who was the director - general and later chief executive of the Met Office between 1983 and 1991 .
It was he , way back in 1988 , who attended the first World Conference on the Changing Atmosphere in Toronto and later became the first scientific chairman of the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
It was Houghton who , with one of her senior advisers , Sir Crispin Tickell , convinced the then Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher to fund a new Met Office unit called the Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research .
Opened in 1990 , it is now based in Exeter and employs more than 200 staff , having become a temple to what many regard as the climate change ' religion ' .
Its pivotal role is now well - recognised as it is this centre , working with the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) of the University of East Anglia , that produces one of the most relied - upon data sets used to track the global temperature and tell us that the planet is heating up .
Crucially , it is that same CRU that has been embroiled in the so - called ' Warmergate ' scandal , where leaked emails suggest that climate scientists may have manipulated the evidence when it did not give the answers that proved that global warming was continuing .
The University of East Anglia has ordered an independent review into the Warmergate row and the allegations made against the CRU .
The point of this row - which is often poorly understood - is that the so - called ' global temperature ' which these scientists produce , upon which rests the whole case for ' dangerous global warming ' , is not a matter of observed fact .
The data collection system is far from perfect , designed primarily for weather recording , not long - term climate prediction .
Reflecting the military origins of the Met Office , many weather stations are situated on airfields .
They are there to provide real - time observations for aviators and to provide the basis for short - term forecasts .
They are not climate monitoring stations and arguably should not be used as such .
Furthermore , the likes of Manchester and Aberdeen airports , which were once grass airstrips , are now vast stretches of concrete , ramping up temperatures well above the surrounding countryside .
This is known as the urban heat island effect .
Because of this effect , instrument changes , inbuilt errors and the huge gaps in the record , the crude data has to be ' adjusted ' - sometimes several times .
Then sophisticated statistical techniques have to be applied before a single global figure can be produced .
A snowplough clears roads around the M62 near Huddersfield area last week .
Not until late November did the Met Office tone down its prediction by saying that there was a ' 50 per cent chance ' of a mild winter
The complexity of the calculations , and the considerable element of human judgment in choosing which of the limited number of specific temperatures to use from the thousands of weather stations all over the world , leave the process wide open to error and bias .
Thus , the final results may actually reflect , to one degree or another , no more than the opinions of the scientists producing them .
This is where the good faith and the impartiality of the scientists involved is so important , and why the Warmergate scandal was so damaging .
Far from being impartial custodians of the truth , some scientists were shown to have feet of clay , guarding their own patch rather than the science .
This was reinforced shortly after Warmergate , when Russian analysts complained that the Hadley Centre had been ' cherry - picking ' temperatures from the Russian data set , using only those that were untypically high .
Similar complaints have been made of the United States ' data set , where urban heat island effect and positioning errors may taint as much as 80 per cent of the weather station records .
Last month the Met Office denied ' cherry - picking ' and said it used data from a network of individual stations designated by the World Meteorological Organisation .
But there is an even greater reason to doubt the impartiality of the Met Office and the Hadley Centre .
Having had at its helm Sir John Houghton , a conviction ' warmist ' , in 2006 it acquired a new and highly controversial chairman - Robert Napier .
Described as a ' committed conservationist ' and then a ' passionate environmentalist ' , before taking over the most senior position at the Met Office , Napier had for seven years been the chief executive of World Wildlife Fund - UK , one of the foremost activist groups in the climate - change business .
Up to then , WWF was primarily concerned with wildlife issues and conservation .
It is widely acknowledged that Napier put climate change on the map during his tenure , using his position to ' leverage the power and experience of the whole organisation ' , changing its focus to the extent that campaigning on this issue became its main activity .
The Met Office has become a powerful and vocal climate - change lobbyist , contributing hugely to the climate - change conference in Copenhagen last month , at which it launched its prediction that this year would be the hottest on record
Among other things , he was particularly effective in making alliances with big business , doing deals with the likes of the insurance giant Allianz and convincing the company that there was money to be made out of climate change .
Bizarrely , although the Met Office is still part of the MoD and its staff are civil servants ( who , as the Met Office itself says , ' cannot support individual campaigns that actively lobby for policy change ' ) , the organisation has taken its cue from its new leader .
It has become a powerful and vocal climate - change lobbyist , contributing hugely to the climate - change conference in Copenhagen last month , at which it launched its prediction that this year would be the hottest on record .
That raises the question whether the Met Office can still be relied upon to give accurate forecasts .
Predicting the weather - both short - term and long - is not an exact science .
Computers can do the number crunching but the programs or ' models ' they work to are devised by human beings .
Exactly the same computer models that are used to forecast that we will fry by the year 2030 , 2050 or even 2080 , are also those used to produce the shorter - range forecasts .
It was these models , back in September , that told us we were going to have a mild winter .
But the problems do not stop there .
From a technical body , the Met Office has now become the producer and purveyor of endless propaganda on climate change .
Its latest production is an expensive , glossy , 20 - page pamphlet .
It is packed with highly controversial and disputed assertions that are delivered with the authority of a government agency as if they were unarguable fact .
There is no room for doubt , for instance , in the assertion that humans are causing climate change .
' Human activities like burning coal , oil and gas have led to ... extra warming .
As a result , over the past century there has been an underlying increase in average temperatures which is continuing .'
Yet no discernible warming has been recorded since 1998 .
Indeed , it has snowed in the UK for the past three years , famously last October as MPs were voting through the Climate Change Bill .
Each winter has been harsher than the last , and many independent meteorologists , including Joe Bastardi , believe the Earth has entered a cooling cycle .
What was once a highly respected organisation risks becoming a laughing stock in the weather community and a danger to the rest of us .
Farmers who rely on the Met Office risk their animals dying and their crops being destroyed .
Local authorities , who ran down their grit stocks because the Met Office said it would be mild , are putting the lives of motorists and pedestrians at risk .
Airlines , unprepared for the snow , have lost millions of pounds , while the travel plans of hundreds of thousands of people have been disrupted .
Polar Stratospheric Cloud Alert
On the evening of Tuesday 26th January , southern and eastern England plus The Netherlands experienced spectacular colourful sunsets and prolonged twilights .
Very likely they were visible over an even wider area .
The top left image shows a similar sunset witnessed at Deventer in The Netherlands by atmospheric optics expert Peter Paul Hattinga Verschure .
He comments  The sun glowed up in bright orange and red colours , shining through a thin layer of high cloud .
At top right is the twilight scene of vivid reds imaged by Pete Glastonbury at Devizes in Wiltshire , England .
The third image is by Rob Brocklehurst taken in Dorset , England and also shows some of the post - sunset red and crimson hues .
Another Netherlands image by Peter Paul Hattinga Verschure is below and shows the scene 25 minutes after sunset .
A large part of Europe had similar spectacular sunsets and twilights in February 2008 caused by very low stratospheric temperatures and Type I PSCs ( see the thumbnail links below ) .
Volcanic aerosol and dust give similar sunsets and we should not rule out these possibilities at this stage .
We could be seeing the start of a series of spectacular sunsets .
Look out for twilights and sunrise / sets over the next few days .
Peter Paul comments
 About half an hour after sunset , a sun-lightened cloud bank remained near the westerly horizon , while all other clouds and contrails were darkened .
Obviously the far clouds were in a higher atmospheric region .
So I guess that was a bank of Polar Stratospheric Clouds .
The more because temperatures at 22 kilometres altitude were below - 80 degrees Celsius .
This should be then PSC of type I .
The real nacreous clouds of Type II are never seen from our flat country .
Polar Stratospheric Clouds , PSCs , occur at heights of 15 - 25 km ( 9 - 16 mile ) and far above our ordinary tropospheric clouds .
To form in the arid and low density conditions of the lower stratosphere they need temperatures of minus 78 °C or colder depending on their composition .
Type I PSCs are nitrogen acid and water compounds .
Type 2 , the brightly shining nacreous clouds , are ice and they need slightly lower temperatures .
A large part of Europe had similar spectacular sunsets and twilights in February 2008 caused by very low stratospheric temperatures and Type I PSCs ( see the thumbnail links below ) .
Volcanic aerosol and dust give similar sunsets and we should not rule out these possibilities at this stage .
We could be seeing the start of a series of spectacular sunsets .
Look out for twilights and sunrise / sets over the next few days .
Rawlinson won her second world title in Japan in 2007 Australia 's double world 400 m hurdles champion Jana Rawlinson has had her breast implants removed to improve her chances of winning 2012 Olympic gold .
The 27 - year - old , who is set to remarry former British hurdler Chris Rawlinson , says the £ 7,000 surgically enhanced breasts had affected her running .
She said : " Every time I raced I panicked about whether I was letting my country down , all for my own vanity .
" I loved having bigger boobs but I 'm back to being as flat as a pancake . "
Rawlinson won world 400 m hurdles gold in Paris in 2003 and Osaka in 2007 to add to her Commonwealth titles in 2002 and 2006 .
She is desperate to add an Olympic title to her collection in London in 2012 after missing the last two Games through injury .
" I want to feel the most athletic I can , to know that I 'm standing on the track in London the fittest I can be , " she added .
" I do n't want to short - change Australia either . "
Rawlinson , who had the implants done and reverted to her maiden name Pittman after splitting from Rawlinson in April last year , said she would consider having her breasts augmented again once her athletic career was over .
She is also preparing to remarry Chris after the couple , who married in 2006 and have a son , were divorced in May .
Chris , who won 400 m hurdles Commonwealth gold in 2002 despite suffering food poisoning after eating chicken that had been left in his car all day , coached Jana from 2004 - 09 and has now resumed that role .
" I knew instantly I was about to lose my husband forever , and I 'd already worked out I did n't want that , " Jana added .
" I was miserable without him , and our heartache hit me harder than losing at the Olympics or anything sport - related .
" It 's just the best feeling to be back to us . "
Before they can remarry , the couple first need to finalise their divorce to annul their first marriage .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
2K Games announced today that the second piece of downloadable content for Borderlands , Mad Moxxi ’s Underdome Riot , will be available on December 29 , 2009 from the Xbox LIVE Marketplace for the Xbox 360 for 800 Microsoft Points and on January 7 , 2010 from the PlayStation Network for $ 9.99 .
The downloadable content will also be available on Windows PC .
This explosive piece of action - driven content is in development at Gearbox Software and provides players with more methods of destruction as they tear through the denizens of Pandora .
Mad Moxxi ’s Underdome Riot is an intense single - player or cooperative experience that expands the mayhem by adding three new Riot Mode arenas where players will endure an onslaught of Pandora ’s baddest enemies .
Working together , players will fend off the masses as they fight for fame , honor , and more importantly , loot .
Mad Moxxi ’s Underdome Riot also adds a new bank feature , which allows players extra storage capacity for when they encounter one of the more than 16 million weapons that Borderlands has to offer ; and the ability to acquire two additional skill points as quest rewards , making their characters even more powerful than before .
1,832 Hits
You could see this one coming .
Amazon is launching a new " 70 % royalty option " for the Kindle .
Under this option , Amazon will pay authors and publishers a royalty of 70 % of the list price of Kindle books , which is a far higher per-copy royalty than most authors receive on physical book sales ( including the standard Kindle book royalties ) .
This new plan will encourage more authors to " go direct " to Amazon ( or at least force their publishers to sell ebooks at a substantial discount ) .
This , in turn , will increase the pressure on traditional publishers to cut prices on wholesale Kindle books .
And that , in turn , will transform the Kindle business from a big money - loser into a very profitable business for Amazon .
The new royalty plan comes with some strings attached , all of which are designed to further Amazon 's goals here :
The author or publisher - supplied list price must be between $ 2.99 and $ 9.99 .
This is designed to force a big difference between the physical - book price and the Kindle price , which traditional publishers are currently desperate to avoid ( good luck ) .
This list price must be at least 20 percent below the lowest physical list price for the physical book .
Ditto .
The title is made available for sale in all geographies for which the author or publisher has rights .
This gets around the typical regional royalty deals , putting pressure on publishers worldwide .
Books must be offered at or below price parity with competition , including physical book prices .
This one is aimed at other e-readers , a slew of which have recently hit the market .
Want your fat 70 % royalty ?
Then you can't go cut a sweetheart deal with Barnes & Noble for the Nook .
This looks like a brilliant play from Amazon .
E - book prices need to ( and should ) drop substantially :
When the cost of an incremental sale is near - zero , publishers have no business charging physical - book prices .
The traditional publishing industry moans that cuts in ebook prices will wipe out what little margin the publishers have left , thus preventing publishers from paying authors big advances and , thus ( be afraid ! be afraid ) result in fewer good books being published .
Hogwash .
As ebook prices drop , unit velocity will increase .
If Andrew Ross Sorkin's Too Big To Fail were priced at , say , $ 3.99 , Sorkin would sell hundreds of thousands more copies than he will at today 's prices ( $ 29.99 ? ) .
If Sorkin gets 70 % of the sales price as a royalty instead of the paltry 10 % he might get now , he 'll do fine .
He might even have enough left over to pay a publisher a nice fee to package and market the book for him .
This is where the book industry is headed , whether traditional publishers want it to or not .
Amazon 's new plan should help shorten the time it takes to get there .
The plan should also solidify Amazon 's already tremendous dominance of the ebook business , of which Kindle has an estimated 90 % unit share .
See Also :
Kindle Already Has 90 % Share Of The eBook Market
Kindle Fantasies Running Wild , But Amazon Still Losing Its Shirt
Solar system montage .
Credit : NASA
On the whole , we ’d like to think we ’re special , but we also hope we are n’t alone in the Universe .
Astronomers have been trying to figure out just how common solar systems like ours are across the cosmos , and during one moment of epiphany one scientist figured out how to make the calculations .
It took a worldwide collaboration of astronomers to do the work , but they concluded that about 10 – 15 percent of stars in the universe host systems of planets like our own , with several gas giant planets in the outer part of the solar system .
“ Now we know our place in the universe , ” said Ohio State University astronomer Scott Gaudi .
“ Solar systems like our own are not rare , but we ’re not in the majority , either . ”
The find comes from a collaboration headquartered at Ohio State called the Microlensing Follow - Up Network ( MicroFUN ) , which searches the sky for extrasolar planets .
MicroFUN astronomers use gravitational microlensing — which occurs when one star happens to cross in front of another as seen from Earth .
The nearer star magnifies the light from the more distant star like a lens .
If planets are orbiting the lens star , they boost the magnification briefly as they pass by .
During his talk at the American Astronomical Society meeting in Washington , DC today , Gaudi said , “ Planetary microlensing basically is looking for planets you ca n’t see around stars you ca n’t see . ”
This method is especially good at detecting giant planets in the outer reaches of solar systems — planets analogous to our own Jupiter .
This latest MicroFUN result is the culmination of 10 years ’ work — and one sudden epiphany , explained Gaudi and Andrew Gould , professor of astronomy at Ohio State .
Ten years ago , Gaudi wrote his doctoral thesis on a method for calculating the likelihood that extrasolar planets exist .
At the time , he concluded that less than 45 percent of stars could harbor a configuration similar to our own solar system .
Then , in December of 2009 , Gould was examining a newly discovered planet with Cheongho Han of the Institute for Astrophysics at Chungbuk National University in Korea .
The two were reviewing the range of properties among extrasolar planets discovered so far , when Gould saw a pattern .
“ Basically , I realized that the answer was in Scott ’s thesis from 10 years ago , ” Gould said .
“ Using the last four years of MicroFUN data , we could add a few robust assumptions to his calculations , and we could now say how common planet systems are in the universe . ”
The find boils down to a statistical analysis : in the last four years , the MicroFUN survey has discovered only one solar system like our own — a system with two gas giants resembling Jupiter and Saturn , which astronomers discovered in 2006 and reported in the journal Science in 2008 .
“ We ’ve only found this one system , and we should have found about eight by now — if every star had a solar system like Earth ’s , ” Gaudi said .
The slow rate of discovery makes sense if only a small number of systems — around 10 percent — are like ours , they determined .
“ While it is true that this initial determination is based on just one solar system and our final number could change a lot , this study shows that we can begin to make this measurement with the experiments we are doing today , ” Gaudi added .
As to the possibility of life as we know it existing elsewhere in the universe , scientists will now be able to make a rough guess based on how many solar systems are like our own .
Our solar system may be a minority , but Gould said that the outcome of the study is actually positive .
“ With billions of stars out there , even narrowing the odds to 10 percent leaves a few hundred million systems that might be like ours , ” he said .
At the AAS conference today , Gaudi was awarded the Helen B. Warner Prize for Astronomy .
Source : AAS , EurekAlert
Hi , I ’m Ben Wasser
There are a few other Ben Wassers , though .
One is an author , another is an actor , and one even makes spaceships !
I do n’t make spaceships , but I do make video games for a living , which is also pretty cool .
3. ) Casino Classic
Casino Classic is certified by experts in the security field and it contains a quick and easy sign - up process .
You have the option to play online either on a Mac , Windows PC or even on your Galaxy or iPhone .
What else is awesome about this site is that besides being able to play some great blackjack games , you can also have the option of playing poker , playing slots , or even playing roulette .
If your preference is to play some blackjack on your mobile device , this is one of the primary websites that you should check out .
If you decide to play online with Casino Classic , this will also let you take advantage of the beautiful offers we have available , which they update almost daily to make sure you are getting the greatest and most up to date promotions .
You can also get a lot from Casino Rewards , which happens to be one of the most accomplished gaming loyalty features on the internet , today .
Casino Classic is actually also an affiliate of the Interactive Gaming Council and works under their code of conduct which guarantees honest and fair gaming to its users .
They have also personally reviewed Random Number Generators , each result is published on our website by real - life Independent Auditors .
2. ) Gold Lion
Augmenting their online casino site are over 130 traditional casino games .
At Golden Lion Casino you are destined to receive better odds than anywhere else at any other real - life land based casino .
You can play numerous revolutionary games in order to win some pretty hefty Jackpots !
Their immense knowledge of the real - life casino environment is imported directly into the website , in order to provide a state of having your own chance to experience a Las Vegas Casino in the comfort of your own home .
Aside from that , the newest technology provided by the world ’s leading online gaming program , Rival , make sure you have a wonderful and memorable experience .
The security of the clients at Gold Lion and the honesty of the website and your web - based casino experience come first with Gold Lion Casino .
They contain the best and the most advanced security standards around and are they are always updating and watching over each of their processes and games to make sure the user has a completely fair and safe online gambling experience .
1. ) Bovada Casino
Bovada Casino is an online casino based on the styles and culture of Vegas , and it is known as one of the most immensely known in the US market .
Developed as the American version of the world renown Bodog Casino when Bodog exited the US gaming market , this new and improved Bovada web - based casino provides a superior gaming pledge .
Since 2011 , Bovada has provided all sports betting , horse racing , bingo , card game and slots enthusiasts around the country and have since then provided an entire gaming experience for hundreds of thousands of users .
To signup with Bovada is totally free , and it comes with plenty of benefits and bonuses that can be applied to well over 100 games , and this includes traditional table and card games , along with slots , as well .
If you want tips and strategies on how to win at live and online blackjack , check out the video below !
“ We need to gain an understanding in the population that education in computer science is both extraordinarily important and extraordinarily interesting , ” said Alfred Spector , vice president for research and special initiatives at Google .
“ The fear is that if you pursue computer science , you will be stuck in a basement , writing code .
That is absolutely not the reality . ”
Kira Lehtomaki can attest to this .
She came to computing by way of art and movies .
Art projects , not computers , were her childhood passions .
She loved watching videos of Disney movies like “ Sleeping Beauty ” and “ Dumbo , ” and wanted to grow up to be one of those artists who stirred life into characters using pencils and paper .
She even took a summer job at Disneyland as a “ cookie artist , ” painting designs and Mickey Mouse faces on baked goods , because she was allowed to spend a few days with Disney ’s animators .
Yet as a 19 - year - old college student in 2001 , Ms. Lehtomaki saw the Pixar film “ Monsters , Inc. ” and was impressed by how good computer animation had become .
At the University of Washington , she pursued computer graphics , graduating with a degree in computer science .
Today Ms. Lehtomaki , 27 , is an animator at Walt Disney Animation Studios , working on “ Rapunzel , ” which is scheduled to be released next year .
She does her drawing on a computer , using specialized graphics and modeling software .
Her computer science education , she said , is an asset every day in her work , less for technical skills than for what she learned about analytic thinking .
“ Computer science taught me how to think about things , how to break down and solve complex problems , ” Ms. Lehtomaki said .
Reformulating a seemingly difficult problem into something a person can know how to solve is “ computational thinking , ” which the new high school courses are intended to nurture .
Some schools in Los Angeles County are experimenting with the introductory course , called “ Exploring Computer Science , ” including South East High School in South Gate , Calif .
Last year , 35 students were in a pilot program , and this year the course is being taken by 130 students .
A Kansas judge again refused to block a confessed killer from arguing that his slaying of one of the few late - term abortion providers in the U.S. was a justified act aimed at saving unborn children .
Scott Roeder has admitted killing Wichita doctor George Tiller on May 31 , 2009 .
He wants to present evidence that he did so in the honest belief that Tiller posed an imminent threat to unborn children and killing him would save them — a defence that could lead to a conviction on the lesser charge of voluntary manslaughter .
The prosecution has argued that that defence is invalid because there 's no evidence Tiller posed an imminent threat at the time of the killing .
But the judge said during a hearing Tuesday that until the defence decides which evidence it will present , it 's difficult for him to rule on its admissibility .
Some opponents of abortion were pleasantly surprised by the decision and eager to hear Roeder plead his case .
Tiller 's colleagues and abortion rights advocates , on the other hand , are outraged and fear the court 's actions give a more than tacit approval to further acts of violence .
" This judge has basically announced a death sentence for all of us who help women , " said Dr. Warren Hern of Boulder , Colo. , a long - time friend of Tiller who also performs late - term abortions .
" That is the effect of the ruling . "
Roeder admitted killing
The facts of the case are not in dispute :
On a balmy Sunday morning , Roeder got up from a pew at Wichita 's Reformation Lutheran Church at the start of services and walked to the foyer , where Tiller and a fellow usher were chatting .
Wordlessly , he pressed the barrel of a . 22 - calibre handgun to Tiller 's forehead and pulled the trigger .
Prosecutors charged Roeder with first - degree murder .
The 51 - year - old from Kansas City , Mo. , later admitted to reporters and in a court filing that he killed Tiller .
The prosecution stands ready with more than 250 prospective witnesses to prove it .
But what had been expected to be a simple trial was altered Friday when Sedgwick County Judge Warren Wilbert decided he would allow Roeder to build a defence case for a lesser charge of voluntary manslaughter .
Kansas law defines voluntary manslaughter as " an unreasonable but honest belief that circumstances existed that justified deadly force . "
A conviction could mean a prison sentence closer to five years , instead of a life term for first - degree murder .
Prosecutors argued Monday that such a defence should not be considered because of the lack of evidence of an imminent threat .
" The State encourages this court to not be the first to enable a defendant to justify premeditated murder because of an emotionally charged political belief , " the prosecution wrote .
As events unfold inside a Wichita courtroom , the Kansas Supreme Court is also considering a challenge from four media outlets , including The Associated Press , over the judge 's decision to bar reporters from witnessing jury selection .
But key questions being asked outside the courtroom have galvanized both sides of the abortion debate .
Hern , the doctor in Colorado , said it 's irrelevant that Wilbert wo n't decide whether to allow jurors to consider a conviction on the lesser charge until after Roeder 's defence presents its evidence .
" The damage is done : the judge has agreed to give him a platform , " Hern said .
" It is an act of incomprehensible stupidity on the part of the judge , but he is carrying out the will of the people of Kansas , who are trying to get out of the 19th century . "
Justice Department urged to act
The Feminist Majority Foundation also denounced the ruling , saying Wilbert essentially was allowing a justifiable homicide defence .
The group urged the U.S. Justice Department to file federal charges under the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act .
Justice Department spokesman Alejandro Miyar declined to comment , citing an ongoing investigation .
Rev. Don Spitz of Chesapeake , Va. , who runs a website supporting violence against abortion providers , said he and other activists from the Army of God plan to observe the court proceedings quietly .
" I am flabbergasted , but in a good way , " Spitz said of the judge 's decision .
Spitz acknowledged Wilbert 's decision might influence some people who in the past would n't kill abortion providers because they risked a sentence of death or life imprisonment .
" It may increase the number of people who may be willing to take that risk , " he said .
Advertisement
FreeDocumentaries is a large repository of documentary films that have been released by their respective copyright owners for public display .
You wo n't be stuck watching dated old films however — the offerings at FreeDocumentaries are recent and intriguing .
One of the problems with many of the free offerings you 'll find on the internet , especially in the category of full length movies , is that they 're rather lacking and often filled with outdated and boring films .
FreeDocumentaries is packed with recent films that are quite interesting like Adam Curtis ' The Century of the Self , Michael Winterbottom 's The Road to Guantanamo , and Morgan Spurlock 's Super Size Me .
Advertisement
You can browse the documentaries by topic , search by title or topic , or view films by the regions they document .
Clicking on any film listing will give you a trailer , additional information about the film , and allow you to select the window size you want to watch the film in .
FreeDocumentaries is completely free and requires no registration .
Have a favorite site for watching free movies online ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
FreeDocumentaries [ via WiseBread ]
On the ‘ Three Strikes ’ Policy and the SAS in Kabul
January 20th , 2010
three strikes and you 're a law - and - order populist
Click to enlarge
In the Book of Leviticus , God takes a no nonsense , zero tolerance approach to offending .
Curse your parents , or let your child worship Moloch and the punishment is death without appeal or opportunity for parole .
Adultery = stoning .
Homosexuality = death .
Have sex with an animal and you must die , and the animal as well .
Rape your daughter - in - law and the punishment is death , for her as well .
Sleep with your aunt and God will ensure you both die childless etc etc .
As history indicates , none of this worked out very well as a deterrent policy .
And if it did n’t work for God , the chances are it wo n’t work under the Act Party ’s “ Three Strikes ” policy , either .
In true Biblical fashion , there are 36 offences that will henceforth fall within the ambit of the Three Strikes policy – all of them of a violent and / or sexual nature , and that qualify for a maximum sentence of seven years or more .
Incest and acid throwing have been deleted from the original list , partly because as Corrections Minister Judith Collins explained at yesterday ’s press conference , acid throwing is rare here , and incest is already covered on the list by sexual violation of a child .
Commit one of the 36 and judges must put the offender on a One Strike alert .
Commit two and the offenders loses any access to parole .
At the third strike , the offender automatically qualifies for the maximum sentence for the offence , again without parole .
The only element of judicial discretion allowed in this regime is if it would be ‘ manifestly unjust ’ to impose this regime – and as Hide also confirmed at yesterday ’s press conference , he is offering the courts no guidelines as to what may circumstances would qualify as manifest injustice .
The system will not be retrospective : anyone in prison now for a violent offence will not be on Strike One .
The clock on the Three Strikes policy will only start ticking once the legislation is passed .
The message is that anyone in future who qualifies for these procedures will deserve all that they get : at the press conference Judith Collins used the word “ psychopath ” to describe anyone likely to be caught up in it .
Really ?
Let ’s assume someone commits a violent offence in their teens .
If they behave themselves in prison , they may be out by the time they ’re 22 or 23 .
If they offend again in their 30s they are judged by this law to have foregone their right to parole and – in effect – rehabilitation .
A year ago , Chief Justice Sian Elias said that we cannot afford the social and economic cost of our current punitive approach to criminal offending and sentencing – which already sees New Zealand putting its citizens behind bars at a per head of population rate unmatched by any other Western democracy outside the United States .
Now , the Key government has decided to make that situation worse .
In announcing their intentions , a curious double message was evident at the press conference .
On one hand , this Three Strikes measure was being touted as likely to deal a major blow to violent crime rates – but on the other , it would not cost much because it would not put ( or keep ) many more people in jail .
Only 56 more beds in the first five years , with each prisoner on average costing $ 90 – 100,000 per year to maintain .
Since these will be classed as serious violent offenders – and rendered even more dangerous to prison staff because they will have no prospect of parole and rehabilitation – the per bed cost will actually be considerably higher .
In other words , Hide , Key and Collins were overselling the social impact and underselling its social and economic cost .
As Hide conceded , one of the surprises for him in the course of carrying out the exercise was the realisation of how few offenders the Three Strikes policy would actually affect .
So much for this being a significant tool in the prevention of crime .
However , the actual impacts are guesswork at this stage .
The only way the equation of major impact on crime = not many more inmates can work is on the basis of heroic assumptions about the deterrent effect of this policy .
Good luck on that one .
The greater likelihood is that the government is underestimating the likely impact of this policy on rates of imprisonment .
The per-bed increases , for instance , were worked out on the basis of offending and sentencing trends averaged out over the past 20 years .
The relevant cycles are likely to be shorter .
Moreover , this tool will almost certainly have an impact on the exercise of Police discretion – given this new opportunity to put an offender away for longer by bringing a charge from the list of 36 , the Police are likely to jump at it .
The approach is entirely punitive .
There is , as many critics have already noted , no recognition of the role of parole in reducing crime , through creating an incentive and opportunity for reform .
As the American penal system sadly demonstrates locking people away for longer creates a culture of hopelessness and alienation that not only makes prison itself a far more dangerous place for the people who work in it – but unleashes a far more dangerous inmate back into society when they are finally released , as eventually they will be .
As an aside , the policy demonstrates the Act Party ’s primitive view of how society actually works .
With crime as with the economy , the Act Party treat society as being merely an aggregate of individuals , a gaggle of rational actors singly making rational choices on a cost and benefit basis .
It is the worldview of a 14 year old .
What it allows
Act to do is ignore social factors altogether – and the fact that different people face differences of wealth , health , opportunity and access to resources that significantly affect the choices they make , or can make .
While this does not absolve people altogether from responsibility for the choices they make , it does not absolve the Act Party from ignoring the existence of social realities altogether , either .
I ’m talking about the contribution that income inequality , poor housing and unemployment make to crime rates .
Given that glaring omission , one can guarantee that the Three Strikes policy will do little or nothing to stem the rate of violent crime .
If anything , it is likely to make the deprived and desperate , the mentally unstable and the truly psychopathic even more dangerous .
The only winners will be the corporates who are eyeing the business opportunities in private prisons , and wanting a steady flow of clientele .
***
SAS in Kabul
So once again , we have to rely on the foreign media telling us what our SAS have been doing in Afghanistan .
These foreign media reports are proving to be consistent .
Last year , the Norwegian media told us that our SAS would be replacing the Norwegian special forces unit based in and around Kabul .
Eg :
The New Zealand SAS will take over the SOF operation in Kabul from the Norwegian SOF ( NORSOF ) .
NORSOF has conducted operations against IED and SIED facilitators and makers , financiers etc and counter - narcotic operations in RC Capital ( Kabul area ) during the last 18 months .
They have also mentored the Afghan Security Force or Crisis Response Unit …
The New Zealand government has not been talking about the location of the SAS deployment in public , but in Norway it is common knowledge .
Earlier this week , Dexter Filkins of the New York Times reported the presence of eight or ten New Zealand SAS troops as back - up during the recent Taliban attack on Kabul .
While foreign media are not being told by official defence forces beforehand – for obvious reasons – what their special force contingents are doing , they are being given information afterwards , as to the work being carried out .
Why is similar information being with - held here , once particular missions have been completed ?
Yesterday , Key indicated that only if foreign media make such disclosures – or if for instance , he added , the SAS incur casualties – will further information be forthcoming from him .
If anything , such reticence could create something of an incentive for the Taliban .
The Kabul incident highlights an interesting aspect of the SAS deployment .
Supposedly , the strong point of the SAS in its previous deployment was its ability in ‘ long range , out in the desert behind Kandahar ’ operations .
In replacing the Norwegians , the SAS are this time now operating in urban settings in and around Kabul – and in this particular case , they seem to have playing their role as mentors to the Afghan Crisis Response Unit referred to above .
Given this week ’s major attack on Kabul , the SAS work is likely to heat up during 2010 .
One wonders what training they have had in the counter - narcotic operations that were also part of the Norwegian special forces role .
********
Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz
Original url
In his WTF Podcast the veteran comedian Marc Maron often laments on the boring standardization of contemporary comedians :
If he goes into any comedy club and closes his eyes , he states , based on their material and delivery he has difficulty telling one comic from another .
That 's kind of how we feel about computer peripherals -- take a look at the lineup of computer mice in a Best Buy or Staples and you 'll see what we mean .
But one company retaining a distinct aesthetic is Eclipse , with their brushed - aluminum TouchMouse and die-cast - frame Mobile Mouse , below .
The former features an omnidirectional touch surface for scrolling , and the latter folds flat for portability but features an adjustable " leg " that allows you to change the mouse angle , adding the feel of a beefier mouse .
A Saudi court has ruled that a man convicted of raping five children will be beheaded and crucified .
Muhammad Basheer al - Ramaly , 22 , left his youngest victim , aged three , stranded in the desert to die .
He was caught when he tried to abduct another boy by offering him a lift home from school in his car .
The court of appeal in Riyadh approved the death sentence handed down in June .
Beheading is permitted for serious offences in the conservative kingdom .
More than 40 people have been executed in such a fashion this year .
Reports suggest Ramaly lured children into his car near their school , near the town of Hail , and took them to isolated areas to rape them .
Human rights group Amnesty International has criticized the court proceedings saying Ramaly did not have access to a lawyer during his trial and that there are reports he may suffer from a psychological disorder .
International rights advocates have long been critical of the death sentences in Saudi Arabia , but the authorities defend the practice as a quick and clean form of execution sanctioned by the Islamic faith .
Crucifixion means the body will be attached to wooden beams and displayed in public after the beheading .
Biblical citations on weapon sights used by Kiwi troops in Afghanistan are " inappropriate " and will be removed , the Defence Force says .
The rifle sights carry references to Bible verses that appear in raised lettering at the end of the stock number .
Markings include " JN8:12 " , a reference to the Gospel of St John chapter 8 , verse 12 : " When Jesus spoke again to the people , he said , ' I am the light of the world .
Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness , but will have the light of life ' . "
The Defence Force was first made aware of the codes on its weapons when contacted yesterday .
There has been global criticism of the citations on the Trijicon Advanced Combat Optical Gunsight , also used by the United States and British military .
Defence Force spokesman Major Kristian
Dunne said that like other countries , New Zealand had been caught unaware .
" It 's put us in an uncomfortable situation .
We can see how they would cause offence .
We are unhappy they did n't make us aware of it . "
The Defence Force would talk to the US - based manufacturer and supplier to ensure future orders did not have the inscriptions .
It would remove the letters from existing gunsights .
" They did n't violate any policy but we consider them inappropriate .
Everyone has freedoms of religious belief and our soldiers are from multiple religions . "
The Defence Force had about 260 of the sights , which were first bought in 2004 .
Personnel would continue using them , he said .
" The sights were chosen because they are the best of their kind .
It enables our guys to fire weapons very accurately during night and daytime . "
Defence Minister Wayne Mapp said the biblical codes were undesirable and could be easily misconstrued .
The Government had not been aware of them .
Rubin has never apologized , let alone been held accountable .
But he ’s hardly alone .
Even after all the country has gone through , the titans who fueled the bubble are heedless .
In last Sunday ’s Times , Sandy Weill , the former chief executive who built Citigroup ( and recruited Rubin to its ranks ) , gave a remarkable interview to Katrina Brooker blaming his own hand - picked successor , Charles Prince , for his bank ’s implosion .
Weill said he preferred to be remembered for his philanthropy .
Good luck with that .
Among his causes is Carnegie Hall , where he is chairman of the board .
To see how far American capitalism has fallen , contrast Weill with the giant who built Carnegie Hall .
Not only is Andrew Carnegie remembered for far more epic and generous philanthropy than Weill ’s  some 1,600 public libraries , just for starters  but also for creating a steel empire that actually helped build America ’s industrial infrastructure in the late 19th century .
At Citi , Weill built little more than a bloated gambling casino .
As Paul Volcker , the regrettably powerless chairman of Obama ’s Economic Recovery Advisory Board , said recently , there is not “ one shred of neutral evidence ” that any financial innovation of the past 20 years has led to economic growth .
Citi , that “ innovative ” banking supermarket , destroyed far more wealth than Weill can or will ever give away .
Image Credit ...
Barry Blitt
Even now  despite its near - death experience , despite the departures of Weill , Prince and Rubin  Citi remains as imperious as it was before 9/15 .
Its current chairman , Richard Parsons , was one of three executives ( along with Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman Sachs and John Mack of Morgan Stanley ) who failed to show up at the mid-December White House meeting where President Obama implored bankers to increase lending .
( The trio blamed fog for forcing them to participate by speakerphone , but the weather had n’t grounded their peers or Amtrak . )
Last week , ABC World News was also stiffed by Citi , which refused to answer questions about its latest round of outrageous credit card rate increases and instead e-mailed a statement blaming its customers for “ not paying back their loans . ”
This from a bank that still owes taxpayers $ 25 billion of its $ 45 billion handout !
If Citi , among the most egregious of Wall Street reprobates , feels it can get away with business as usual , it ’s because it fears no retribution .
And it got more good news last week .
Now that Chris Dodd is vacating the Senate , his chairmanship of the Banking Committee may fall next year to Tim Johnson of South Dakota , home to Citi ’s credit card operation .
Johnson was the only Senate Democrat to vote against Congress ’s recent bill policing credit card abuses .
Though bad history shows every sign of repeating itself on Wall Street , it will take a near - miracle for Angelides to repeat Pecora ’s triumph .
Our zoo of financial skullduggery is far more complex , with many more moving pieces , than that of the 1920s .
The new inquiry does have subpoena power , but its entire budget , a mere $ 8 million , does n’t even match the lobbying expenditures for just three banks ( Citi , Morgan Stanley , Bank of America ) in the first nine months of 2009 .
The firms under scrutiny can pay for as many lawyers as they need to stall between now and Dec. 15 , deadline day for the commission ’s report .
More daunting still is the inquiry ’s duty to reach into high places in the public sector as well as the private .
The mystery of exactly what happened as TARP fell into place in the fateful fall of 2008 thickens by the day  especially the behind - closed - door machinations surrounding the government rescue of A.I.G. and its counterparties .
Last week , a Republican congressman , Darrell Issa of California , released e-mail showing that officials at the New York Fed , then led by Timothy Geithner , pressured A.I.G. to delay disclosing to the S.E.C. and the public the details on the billions of bailout dollars it was funneling to its trading partners .
In this backdoor rescue , taxpayers unknowingly awarded banks like Goldman 100 cents on the dollar for their bets on mortgage - backed securities .
The Maya built pyramids .
The Inca constructed Machu Picchu .
But what do you know about the historical exploits of the Maléku , the Cabécar or the Bribri ?
Chances are , not a whole heck of a lot .
All three are indigenous peoples native to Costa Rica , part of a larger cultural and linguistic group that archaeologists call Chibchan .
Their ancestors were the earliest inhabitants of Costa Rica , but the general public ( even within that country ) knows very little about them .
Despite a scarcity of giant tourist - attracting monuments , ancient Costa Rica was a pretty hopping place — a nexus of trade where the cultures of Mexico and Central America met those of northern South America , and elements of both were incorporated into the unique and diverse Chibchan culture .
Gold ornaments , jade carvings and pottery are literally just below the surface , uncovered by modern construction — or even just poking around in the backyard .
So why the low profile ?
Blame the combined forces of local climate , indigenous tragedy and looting as national pastime .
EDIT : I 've added a bunch more photos of Chibchan art .
" Tourists can visit the Gold Museum and the Jade Museum in San Jose .
But they 're meaningless scientifically , like a bank vault or a jewelry store .
Every item in them comes from looting , " said Michael Snarskis , Ph.D. " Only the National Museum has an active research program with didactic exhibitions based on its own scientific excavations . "
Thanks to Henry " Indiana " Jones , Ph.D. , you 're probably well - acquainted with the war cry , " It belongs in a museum ! "
But the real slogan of archaeology goes deeper .
More like , " It belongs in a museum , after having first been carefully excavated and cataloged , so we know where it was found , in what layer of earth and with what other objects . "
It 's an important distinction ( and one the good Dr. Jones usually missed ) .
Without that information , there 's no context .
Without context , all you 've got is a pretty gold figurine that can only tell you a limited amount about the people who made it .
Most of the art and artifacts uncovered in Costa Rica during the 20th century lack context , coming either directly from for - profit looters , or from pre-scientific archaeologists who did their work in the grab - and - go method of Indiana Jones .
Snarskis was among the first of a core of pioneers who brought scientific archaeology to the region beginning in the 1950s .
He helped turn Costa Rica 's National Museum into a showcase for scientific archaeology , rather than just pretty objects , and contributed to the training of the first generation of Costa Rican archaeologists to work in their own country 's National Museum .
All of which is somewhat ironic , he said , considering the way he got involved in archaeology .
" I knew zip about archaeology when I joined the Peace Corps in Costa Rica .
I was a Spanish Literature major , and when I arrived I saw all these looters coming in with amazing stuff and I started collecting it , and I thought that was archaeology .
I shipped that collection back home after the Peace Corps and when I applied to the archaeology Ph.D. program at Columbia , I even mentioned , among my qualifications , that I had this rather interesting collection of Costa Rican artifacts .
Which is , you know , unprofessional , and just with that , they could have axed me .
I still do n't know how they accepted me , " he said .
It only took a couple weeks in the program for Snarskis ' thinking to switch gears .
He eventually returned the entire collection to Costa Rica .
" I remember thinking , ' My God , what have I done ? ' " , he said .
Costa Rica certainly is n't the only Central American country with a history of looting ancient artifacts , but Snarskis said the damage done there has been more thorough , largely because there were so few people who saw the artifacts as more than potential profit .
In Guatemala , for instance , the descendants of the ancient Maya remained relatively numerous and , in many places , were even able to keep their cultural identity intact .
They saw Mayan artifacts as a part of their history , and their presence helped other people see the pieces as important , too — a part of the national identity , even for those who had no cultural or genetic connection to the Maya .
This ceremonial metate — basically a fancy , special - occasion version of the grinding stones used for everyday cooking — is carved from a single piece of stone .
The indigenous peoples of Costa Rica , on the other hand , were almost completely wiped out by disease within 100 years of Christopher Columbus setting foot on their shores in 1502 .
Their descendants have struggled to keep even their tribes alive , let alone their culture .
Their small numbers made them easy to ignore .
Only in the second half of the 20th century did average Costa Ricans really start valuing their country 's archaeology , Snarskis said .
Another factor was the lack of big architecture .
Early archaeologists were drawn to places where they could uncover the ruins of massive pyramids — not to places where they would spend weeks digging in the dirt for a carved jade pendant .
So Costa Rica never developed a storied , international reputation as a cool place to learn about ancient history .
Finally , Costa Rica itself played a role in diminishing local archaeology .
The ancient Chibchan people did build some impressive architecture , but they built it mostly out of wood , adobe and cane .
The acidic soil , and the tropical climate which cycles yearly between wet and dry seasons , destroyed all that , leaving only the stone foundations .
Most human remains are also eaten by the tropics .
But what has been found , and found scientifically , has shown that Costa Rica was hardly some ancient , backwater version of flyover country .
In fact , it was one of the most artistically diverse regions in the Americas .
Put it this way : Usually , you 'll have an area the size of Indiana , where any given period of time has one predominant style of pottery associated with it .
In Costa Rica — a country roughly the size of Maryland — you might have three or four different styles .
Tomorrow , you 'll get a closer look at the Chibchan world , as Snarskis and I travel to Guayabo , a sophisticated ancient city in the Costa Rican rainforest .
Michael Snarskis offers guided tours of Costa Rica 's National Museum , Jade Museum , Gold Museum and the ancient city of Guayabo .
If you 'll be visiting Costa Rica and you 're interested in archaeology , you can contact him by email or by phone at 011-506-2235-8824 .
Amulet showing a pair of frogs , made from tumbaga ( an alloy of gold and copper ) .
From Costa Rica 's Gold Museum , taken by Flickr user stevendepolo , via CC
All other images , courtesy Michael Snarskis .
Is it possible to feed yourself for a week simply with food you find growing wild – in London ?
Bella Bathurst takes up the urban foraging challenge
Foraging is very now .
On trend and magnificently seasonal , all you need is a pair of gumboots , a set of Kilner jars , and the time and inclination to preserve everything you see .
There 's wine out there , and gin , and beer , soups , salads and soufflés – a whole great Waitrose of stuff all just waiting to be turned into chutney .
" Everyone , " says one wild food expert glumly , " is making jam this year . "
So why , when it all sounds such fun , should the cities be left behind ?
The challenge is therefore to feed myself for a week from what I can find in the royal parks , the public squares and the two best - known cemeteries – Brompton and Kensal Green .
I 'm not allowed to use Hampstead Heath , Wimbledon Common or Richmond Park , and most of the canal towpath is off - limits .
Whatever I forage has to be the main ingredient to any dish , but can be supplemented with shop - bought extras ( sugar for jelly etc ) .
It 's going to be interesting ; I am neither an expert forager nor a good cook .
DAY ONE
At the moment , it is not the threat of either starvation or poisoning that bothers me , but lack of coffee .
Acorns are probably the best - known natural substitute but are universally considered disgusting .
Still , if I want a cup of coffee without standing by the Starbucks ' bins and begging , acorns it is .
I gather up a couple of handfuls from Hyde Park , take them home , spend a remarkably long time peeling , chopping , roasting and grinding them , and then stick the kettle on .
The resulting brew looks like coffee and smells nicely nutty .
And to my astonishment , it 's OK .
It does n't taste anything like coffee and it helps to add a bit of sugar , but it 's not half as vile as I thought it was going to be .
I set off northwards in search of dinner .
In Primrose Hill , under Macclesfield Bridge , I find a few brambles , some rosehips and elderberry .
Further on there are what looks like wild strawberries .
Wild strawberries are the nectar of the Gods , the best fruit ever invented .
These look right – right leaves , right colour , right size .
Wrong time of year , though .
And these are weird - looking – neat and fat and sprayed with little red pips in ruthlessly tidy rows .
I pick one , inspect it and ( ignoring all good foraging advice ) eat it .
It tastes like mattress stuffing .
In Old St Pancras graveyard , directly below the new Eurostar line , there is a patch of waste ground full of yarrow , nettles , and plantain .
I pick the cleanest examples I can find and keep going past the plum trees of Judd Street ( too high ) to the squares of Bloomsbury .
In Tavistock Square the branches part and a squirrel the size of an African baboon descends , its mouth so stuffed with walnut it can't even manage the usual armpit - chucking up - yours gesture of the true WC1 Grey before vanishing into a bush .
Back at home , it is late and I am hungry .
There 's the crab apples to turn into jelly , the rosehips to boil , six or seven plants to try to identify , and nettle soup to look forward to .
Three hours later , I have identified the bionic red thing at Gloucester Gate as a mock strawberry – evolution 's idea of a practical joke .
I also have three jars of crab apple jelly , one pan of carbonised rosehips , an inedible plum crumble and absolutely no idea what the hairy serrated leaf which smells strongly of parsnips might be .
Finally , in a filthy temper , I produce some sort of soup from the nettles and plantain , stuff half of it in and go to bed .
DAY TWO
Breakfast is the Macclesfield Bridge brambles and elderberries with a bit of sugar .
They 're a bit tart – not the rich heady berries of August , but thinner and more astringent .
Elderberry is supposed to be good for treating some types of influenza ; shortly afterwards , it becomes evident they have other uses as well .
Something I 've eaten is working very efficiently as both emetic and purgative .
Neither of foraging 's two key texts , Roger Phillips 's Wild Food and Richard Mabey 's Food for Free , mentions any problems with elder .
But urgent internet research yields the information that the raw berries , like the rest of the plant , contain traces of cyanide .
Magnificent .
Day Two and I 'm going to die .
In between the time spent not - dying and the bits feeling queasy , I do further research .
Turns out there 's a far more exciting life in London 's parks than I 'd imagined – even conkers can be dangerous .
Conkers contain acetone , a component in cordite , the main propellant in first world war artillery shells .
By now it is midday , and since I have n't yet joined cyanide 's undistinguished list of victims ( Goering , Hitler , Rasputin ) I head towards Hyde Park , where I spot several sweet chestnut trees covered in bright - green furry burrs .
Most of those on the ground are n't open yet , but there 's something thrilling about spotting the fattest husks .
This is a genuine treasure hunt – if I can find a couple of handfuls , then I 'm in business .
Past the endless private squares of Earls Court to Brompton Cemetery .
Here among the gothic crosses and the cruisers flitting coyly between the colonnades , there is plenty to be found .
As well as the beautiful but poisonous yews there is an amazing range of plants and trees , some of which ( like the vine entwining itself round an urn ) must once have been graveside plantings .
I collect a handful of ground elder , crab apples and a few more sweet chestnuts .
The legality of foraging like this is not entirely clear - cut .
Brompton Cemetery is covered by the same set of regulations as the royal parks .
They say only that no one should " interfere with " any plant or fungus or do anything to damage the wildlife .
Fishing with a permit is allowed in certain areas , though you have to put your catch back .
I 'm picking nettle shoots with an old pocket knife when the security guard comes round to close up for the night .
I assume he 's going to stop me , but instead he watches what I 'm doing .
" Can I make a suggestion ? " he says .
" Do n't use that knife . "
Why ?
" This place is crawling with undercover police .
Get yourself a pair of scissors instead . "
Oh , I say , OK , thanks .
But why the police ?
" Dealers , " he says , pointing to CCTV cameras .
" Rough sleepers , muggers .
Bad people hang out here . "
Back at home I stick the rosehips and crab apples on to boil and follow Roger Phillips 's recipe for chestnut soup .
Boiling and peeling the chestnuts is a bit fiddly , but the rest is easy enough .
The result is , according to everyone else , " excellent " .
DAY THREE
I cheat .
The yellow crab apple jelly goes fine on toast , even if that toast is ( mumble ) bought .
In theory , crab apple jelly is supposed to go with meat , but in practice this week is turning out vegan .
Various carnivorous suggestions have been offered – feral pigeons , squirrels , snails , urban foxes , Serpentine geese , ring - necked parakeets , small dogs – but none is particularly tempting .
Besides , I do n't have the means to kill them .
Poisoning and trapping are presumably illegal , archery and fish - tickling could be tricky , and somehow I suspect that brandishing a firearm round Whitehall or Buckingham Palace might turn this from a piece on foraging into a first - hand examination of the criminal justice system .
Instead , I spend part of the day down on my knees by the ladies ' loo in Regent 's Park trying to hook an ornamental quince .
There 's a low - growing shrub behind the railings covered in interesting - looking yellow things , though I can only get hold of them with a bit of low cunning and a loose interpretation of the words " interfere with " .
Some have already fallen and others can be grabbed with the handle of an umbrella .
Regent 's Park has a productive history .
During the second world war , the eastern side of the park was turned into allotments as part of the Dig For Victory campaign .
Even now it is still being used to produce food .
Toby Mason has more than 30 separate beehives on five separate sites in the park , all screened from public view by brambles and fencing .
Bees , he says , are endlessly absorbing .
" I love it .
I can always find an excuse to be here , to check on them , top up their food , find out how they 're flying .
It 's more or less a full - time job . "
The resulting honey is a lovely pale - golden colour and tastes of lavender and lime blossom – Mason sells it through posh grocer Melrose and Morgan in Primrose Hill .
But while quinces and honey may be fantastic , they do n't add up to dinner .
A night off is necessary ; we eat out .
DAY FOUR
According to various sources , there are still a few old walnut trees left in the City : one in Lincoln 's Inn Fields , one down near St Paul's , and one in Whittington Square , named after the four - time Lord Mayor of London who gave the city its first 148 - seater public convenience .
The paving below it is black with sap from the abandoned husks , but there 's nothing left – the squirrels have pilfered the lot .
Back at home I contemplate the day 's haul .
Even when combined with a handful of ornamental lemons gleaned from St Paul 's churchyard and enough herbal tea ingredients to start a women 's group , three - and - a - half walnuts does not constitute a satisfactory afternoon 's work .
Dinner therefore involves a challenging reinterpretation of culinary norms : Weed Soup on a bed of Crab Jam , followed by Crab Jam on Weed Soup .
DAY FIVE
Just past the Amy Winehouse lookalikes at Camden Lock , Paul Haddow sits in a chair by the canal .
Beside him is a small pot of breadcrumbs , a landing net and a long fishing rod from which the line hangs slack .
The day is bright , and the water is a thick brackish green .
What 's he trying to catch ?
" Carp , bream , tench , roach , perch .
Could be anything .
Perch has stripes on it , roach is a silver fish , carp are massive – 30 lb sometimes . "
Can you eat any of them ?
He stares .
" You 're having a laugh , incha ? "
He looks down at the water .
" Would you eat something out of here ? "
Er , no .
" Well , then .
There 's Eastern Europeans and all that come down here .
They eat what they catch , but no one else does . "
I leave him to it and head west .
Along the road at Carlton Vale , I finally find what I 've been looking for .
London is stuffed with fruit trees , gnarly old branches freckled with apples hanging tantalisingly over garden fences , but that 's the trouble – they 're all private .
There are n't many public fruit trees in Zone 1 but here , planted on a new estate , is a series of beautiful apple trees .
I ask the neighbours if they mind me taking the windfalls .
The apples are more ornamental than useful – even the young ones are woolly – but combined with the quinces , they should be fine .
A couple of days later I meet professional forager Fergus Drennan .
Drennan is best known as the Roadkill Chef , though more recently he 's been busy trying to live off only what he could forage from the Kentish countryside .
Disappointingly for him and reassuringly for me , he was forced to abandon the experiment after a few months , defeated by the sheer impossibility of earning both dinner and a living at the same time .
Today he 's telling stories in the Chelsea Physic Garden .
Foraging in cities , says Drennan , should really be the same as foraging anywhere .
The difference is that each part of the countryside – woodland , salt marsh , riverbank – will be home to different plants , but in the city everything will be muddled up together , so you 've got to know your way around .
" But in cities the hazards are the same – misidentification ; pollutants , whether they 're natural , like dogs , cats , foxes or people peeing on plants , or pesticides and herbicides .
And if your identification skills are n't up to scratch , there 's all sorts of introduced species and ornamentals that could trip you up . "
We leave as the staff lock up for the night .
Drennan takes a few ginkgo berries and then hands me what must be the most exclusive foragings in London : five beefsteak tomatoes from the Physic Garden allotment , a grapefruit , a pomegranate , five windfall quinces and a chilli pepper , plus two huge bagfuls of dried chestnuts and walnuts he'd brought along in the belief that I was halfway to starvation .
The tomatoes get turned into salad , the quinces and grapefruit into jelly and fool , and the chestnuts into flour for bread .
Finally I have a full meal – a true feast .
And so , at the end of this highly unscientific experiment , I 've learned several interesting things .
1 . It is not possible to live solely off what you can forage from central London .
I got through the week mainly by cheating , and by dispensing with lunch completely .
2. Foraging for yourself takes an astounding amount of time ; foraging for two or more people is a full - time job .
This is why human civilisation took so long – everyone was out looking for lunch .
3 . Foraging definitely hones one 's book - reviewing skills .
Never mind Austen or AM
Homes – no book will change your life quite like a wild food guide with a few typos .
For this reason , stick to the printed editions and be wary of online sites .
4 . Foraging has its own private codes : do n't take more than you need , do n't damage or uproot anything , stick to very common species and windfalls .
Nothing is more likely to make you aware of a plant – its texture , its smell , its seasons and properties – than either growing it yourself or finding it , and nothing will make you honour the food you eat more than properly needing it .
5 . And finally , foraging will also take you on a whistle - stop tour of London 's finest cruising sites .
It 's an interesting fact that the places that foragers go for ( parks , trees , greenery , waste ground ) are also beloved of those who like their sex al fresco .
In theory the two do n't coincide , since foragers need daylight and cruisers prefer night .
In practice the rustling in the shrubbery might well turn out to be hunter - gatherers of an entirely different kind .
If you 'd prefer not to mix with undercover Sun reporters hoping to catch George Michael in the act , then probably best to skip the west side of Hampstead Heath .
OFM
Nettle soup
1 bag young nettles ( about the size of a football )
2 or 3 potatoes
I large onion
1 or 2 cloves garlic
a splash of oil or a little butter , for frying
I litre chicken or veg stock ( or water plus stock cube )
salt and pepper to taste
Wash and drain the nettles , and discard any thick stalks .
Chop the potatoes , onions and garlic , and fry in oil or butter until onion is tender .
Add the nettles and stir briefly .
Add the stock .
Bubble gently for 12 minutes or until the potatoes are soft .
Liquidise , re-heat and adjust seasoning .
Elderflower water ice
100g sugar
750 ml water
100g fresh or 25g dried elderflowers
juice of 2 - 3 lemons
In a heavy pan dissolve the sugar in the water and bring to the boil .
Add the elderflowers tied in cheesecloth and boil for a few minutes .
Remove pan from heat and cool .
Remove the flowers and squeeze out excess liquid .
Add the lemon juice and pour into a shallow freezing container .
Freeze and stir every hour or so until it is set in a nice grainy mixture .
Soften in the fridge before serving .
Crab apple jelly
2kg crab apples
1 -1.5 litres water
granulated or preserving sugar
Wash and cut up the crab apples .
Place in a preserving pan with water just to cover – about 1.2 litres .
Bring to the boil , then simmer for about 1 hour .
Stir occasionally and mash the apples once or twice to release the pectin .
Ladle into a jelly bag and allow to drip for several hours .
Strain and measure the juice into the rinsed pan .
For each 500 ml of juice add 450g sugar .
Stir over a low heat until sugar is dissolved then boil for 40 minutes , skimming regularly .
Pot quickly in heated jars – the jelly sets fast .
Adapted with thanks from Wild Food by Roger Phillips ( Pan )
New Strange Magic I Can& #039;t Help Myself ( sugar Pie Honey Bunch )
– Pleasant to be able to my blog , in this particular time period I ’ll provide you with about strange magic i can't help myself ( sugar pie honey bunch )
.
And now , here is the 1st graphic :
Kohl s from strange magic i can't help myself ( sugar pie honey bunch ) , source : kohls.com
Kohl s from strange magic i can't help myself ( sugar pie honey bunch ) , source : kohls.com
What about picture preceding ?
can be of which remarkable ???. if you feel therefore , I ’l m show you many impression all over again below :
So , if you ’d like to have these wonderful pics about ( New Strange Magic I Can& # 039 ;t Help Myself ( sugar Pie Honey Bunch )
) , press save icon to save these pics for your personal computer .
They ’re all set for obtain , if you ’d prefer and want to obtain it , just click save badge in the page , and it will be immediately saved in your laptop computer .
As a final point in order to secure new and latest photo related with ( New Strange Magic I Can& # 039 ;t Help Myself ( sugar Pie Honey Bunch )
) , please follow us on google plus or save this website , we try our best to give you daily up grade with fresh and new pics .
We do hope you love staying right here .
For most updates and recent information about ( New Strange Magic I Can& # 039 ;t Help Myself ( sugar Pie Honey Bunch )
) pictures , please kindly follow us on twitter , path , Instagram and google plus , or you mark this page on book mark area , We try to offer you up grade regularly with all new and fresh graphics , love your exploring , and find the right for you .
Here you are at our website , articleabove ( New Strange Magic I Can& # 039 ;t Help Myself ( sugar Pie Honey Bunch )
) published by at .
Nowadays we ’re pleased to declare we have found an extremelyinteresting nicheto be reviewed , namely ( New Strange Magic I Can& # 039 ;t Help Myself ( sugar Pie Honey Bunch )
)
Lots of people looking for info about ( New Strange Magic I Can& # 039 ;t Help Myself ( sugar Pie Honey Bunch )
) and definitely one of these is you , is not it ?
By Andrew Liszewski
I ’m hesitant to post this since the spy shot above was submitted by an anonymous tipster , but it ’s too exciting a rumor to pass up .
Supposedly the team at Apple responsible for the new iPad has also been working on a compact version of their new tablet that ’s not only pocket - friendly , but also adds a digital camera and phone capabilities !
It will supposedly work with all of the existing software available in the iTunes App Store , and while it looks like it will lose the ability to add your own wallpaper , our tipster claims it ’s pretty much capable of doing everything the new iPad can , and maybe even more !
Now on one hand it ’s kind of crazy for Apple to release a new product that ’s essentially the exact same thing as one of their existing products , only smaller , but imagine being able to surf the web , check email , watch videos , read ebooks and even play games on a device that ’s just a fraction of the size of the iPad !
Not surprisingly our tipster had no idea when Apple was planning to release the new device , but since it would probably cut into the iPad ’s sales ( who wants to carry around a 10 - inch device when they can carry this thing ? )
I ca n’t see it being revealed anytime soon .
But we ’ll keep you posted if and when more information becomes available .
Continental Airlines announced last week that it will not continue flights between Cleveland and Heathrow Airport in London .
The decision eliminates Northeast Ohio's only nonstop flight to Europe .
Mayor Frank Jackson said city leaders will lobby to get back a London flight .
Airport Director Ricky Smith said business and civic leaders also are exploring options for reclaiming a European route .
Does it matter to you ?
Tell us why or why not in the comments below .
We 'll print some of the responses in next Sunday 's Plain Dealer .
We just had a chance to play around with the new Palm Pre Plus ( and Palm Pixi Plus ) , and we must say -- they 've made some solid improvements to these devices .
We 're going to focus on the Pre , since it 's really had the bulk of the changes .
Firstly , it 's now a Verizon branded ( and bound ) phone , which should bump the status of the device in many people 's minds .
The company has also improved the action of the slider mechanism , which is now way , way snappier , and clicks into and out of place with a confidence - stoking solidness .
Palm has also changed the keyboard a bit , getting rid of the orange coloring , and revamping the action of the keys , making them far clickier ( and maybe a bit more raised ) .
The feel is closer to the Pixi , and that 's a really good thing .
Of course , they 've added an additional 8GB of storage , making the internal capacity 16GB , and Palm is going full steam ahead with gaming on the device thanks to its PDK .
Check the video and gallery below for the full story .
Video is up !
When heavy snowfall threatened to scupper Paul Chambers 's travel plans , he decided to vent his frustrations on Twitter by tapping out a comment to amuse his friends .
" Robin Hood airport is closed , " he wrote .
" You 've got a week and a bit to get your shit together , otherwise I 'm blowing the airport sky high ! ! "
Unfortunately for Mr Chambers , the police did n't see the funny side .
A week after posting the message on the social networking site , he was arrested under the Terrorism Act and questioned for almost seven hours by detectives who interpreted his post as a security threat .
After he was released on bail , he was suspended from work pending an internal investigation , and has , he says , been banned from the Doncaster airport for life .
" I would never have thought , in a thousand years , that any of this would have happened because of a Twitter post , " said Mr Chambers , 26 .
" I 'm the most mild - mannered guy you could imagine . "
While it has happened in the United States , Mr Chambers is thought to be the first person in the United Kingdom to be arrested for comments posted on Twitter .
His ordeal began on 6 January when , after hearing that extreme weather had forced the closure of Robin Hood airport , he posted the ill - advised message – frustrated because he was to fly to Ireland from that airport on Friday 15 January .
On 13 January , after apparently receiving a tip - off from a member of the public , police arrived at Mr Chambers ' office .
" My first thought upon hearing it was the police was that perhaps a member of my family had been in an accident , " he said .
" Then they said I was being arrested under the Terrorism Act and produced a piece of paper .
It was a print - out of my Twitter page .
That was when it dawned on me . "
Mr Chambers said the police seemed unable to comprehend the intended humour in his online comment .
" I had to explain Twitter to them in its entirety because they 'd never heard of it , " he said .
" Then they asked all about my home life , and how work was going , and other personal things .
The lead investigator kept asking , ' Do you understand why this is happening ? ' and saying , ' It is the world we live in ' . "
After the interview , Mr Hale was returned to a cell for an hour then released .
But , he said , not before the police deleted the post from his Twitter page .
He has been bailed until 11 February , when he will be told whether or not he will be charged with conspiring to create a bomb hoax .
In the interim , detectives have confiscated his iPhone , laptop and home computer .
The civil libertarian Tessa Mayes , an expert on privacy law and free speech issues , said : " Making jokes about terrorism is considered a thought crime , mistakenly seen as a real act of harm or intention to commit harm .
" The police 's actions seem laughable and suggest desperation in their efforts to combat terrorism , yet they have serious repercussions for all of us .
In a democracy , our right to say what we please to each other should be non-negotiable , even on Twitter . "
A spokesman for South Yorkshire Police confirmed the arrest and said : " A male was arrested on 13 January for comments made on a social networking site .
He has been bailed pending further investigations . "
Brad ’s phone rang with the telltale tone of an inner - office call .
“ Yeah , ” he briskly blurted out as he picked up the phone , “ what ’cha ya need ? ”
That was actually his nice way of answering the phone .
As the senior trader at Æxecor , one of the world ’s largest energy trading companies , Brad did n’t need to impress anyone and , in his mind , displaying anything less than vicious hubris would be a sign of weakness .
“ Err , ” the receptionist nervously answered , “ there ’s a… err , delivery for you , sir .
They — ”
“ Hmphf , ” Brad ’s scoff cut her off .
“ So just sign for it , then !
Is that really that hard to do ?
You can do that , ca n’t you ? ”
“ Well sir , ” the receptionist winced , “ they ’re asking for mooring instructions ?
And we need to pay wharfage charges ?
They said you ’d know .
I ’m at a loss . ”
“ Fine , ” Brad scowled , “ I guess I have to do everything around here ! ”
He slammed down the phone and marched out of his corner office .
Despite Æxecor ’s location – the “ old docks ” district – their office was one of the most posh in the city .
On one end of the expansive , former warehouse sat the executive suites , which had a tremendous view of the city skyline .
The other end – where Brad was headed towards – was the reception which overlooked its own , private bay on the river .
“ Okay , I ’m here ! ” he angrily announced once he stepped foot in the lobby .
“ So let ’s do this !
What do I need to — ”
Brad stopped mid-sentence .
His eyes were immediately drawn through the floor - to - ceiling windows and onto the river bay that Æxecor ’s building overlooked .
There was an absolutely gigantic barge – nay , an armada of tightly - connected barges – overfilled with enormous piles of coal that was attempting to dock in front of the building .
“ What … the… fuuu — ”
“ You mus ’ be Brad , ” a cheerful voice jumped in .
Brad ’s eye ’s shifted towards the scruffy fellow wearing some sort of workman ’s uniform who was sitting in one of the reception chairs .
“ Now first and foremost , how in the Sam Hill are we ‘ sposed to moor this boat ?
I count two cleats , but we sure as heck ca n’t hitch these .
And , shoot , do you even have a bulk berth ? ”
For once , Brad was speechless .
He had absolutely no idea who that man was and he could hardly understand a word he said .
Plus , there was that gargantuan vessel that was slowly moving towards the building .
“ Uhh , ” he stuttered , “ wait .
Are you delivering … coal ?
To… uhh , us ? ”
“ Well , yeah !
Twenty - eight thousand tons of the good ol ’ black gold ! ”
The workman sarcastically furrowed his brow adding , “ I mean , we did get the right address , har har .
This is Æxecor ?
And this is Pier 53 ?
And you are Brad , the fella who ordered it , right ? ”
It was that moment that Brad ’s palm almost immediately made contact with his forehead .
He realized that something must have really gone awry : instead of virtually trading 28,000 tons of coal , Brad had somehow ended up with 28,000 tons of real coal .
Commodity Futures Trading 101
If you ’ve ever watched Trading Places , the 1983 classic starring Eddie Murphy and Dan Aykroyd , then you ’re probably at least familiar with commodities markets .
At a basic level , commodities such as gold , wool , and soy beans are sold by producers and , eventually , delivered to buyers .
But Billy Ray Valentine did n’t strike it rich and bankrupt the Duke Brothers by hauling around Frozen Concentrated Orange Juice ( FCOJ ) ; instead , they worked the commodities market by buying and selling FCOJ futures contracts .
Actually , that ’s really the only way to trade in commodities .
A futures contract is pretty straight forward : you agree to buy X units of commodity Y at $ N per unit at some fixed future date .
While it might seem a bit strange for an individual to agree to buy twenty tons of pork bellies in April for $ 34,420 ( even if he really loves bacon ) , the idea is to sell the to - be - delivered pork bellies long before April , and to sell them for more than $ 34,420 .
Just about every conceivable commodity is bought and sold in this manner long before the commodity is even produced .
The whole point of all this trading is to shift the risk ( and rewards ) of fluctuating commodity prices from the producers ( farmers , miners , etc ) to the traders .
Of course , because commodity traders do n’t actually want to be stuck with tons and tons of pork bellies , a whole series of middlemen — from the brokers to the exchanges to the clearing houses — work hard to ensure that , when you say " I ’ll buy 300 tons of pork bellies for $ 518,000 in May , " you do n’t actually buy 300 tons of pork bellies for $ 518,000 in May .
Brokers , for example , will set up round - turn trades so that , for each futures contract purchased , an offsetting contract can be sold to whoever actually wants to buy the goods .
The exchange ’s automated trading systems have all sorts of rules - engines to make sure that obvious errors ( like delivering truckloads of commodities to a commercial office park ) do n’t slip through .
And finally , processors at the clearing house will double - check transactions to make sure they were n’t sent over in error .
All that said , it ’s almost impossible for traders to actually buy the commodities they are buying .
Well , almost impossible .
A Perfect Storm
Æxecor traded coal on only one exchange ( the WTFSE ) , and they did n’t trade coal very often .
As such , when WTFSE upgraded its public - facing , WebService - based API , Æxecor ’s internal trading system could no longer communicate with it .
With a couple pending coal trades , this presented a bit of a problem .
Fortunately , Æxecor had a staff of crack programmers , and they were able to hack together a solution that worked with the WTFSE ’s new API .
Essentially , the coder added a bit of XML to their trading requests , including this following snippet .
< AdditionalProperties > < Physically Deliver > < value >
False </ value > </ PhysicallyDeliver > </ AdditionalProperties >
Notice anything off about that XML ?
If you said , “ value should be 0 instead of False ” , then give yourself a pat on the back .
As it turned out , WTFSE only recognized 1’s and 0’s to represent True and False and , if the value was nether 1 nor 0 , it simply defaulted to 1 .
Whoops !
Now , this normally would n’t have been that big of a deal ; to ensure accurate transactions , the WTFSE ( and just about all other exchanges ) sends back a trade confirmation with all of the original information encoded in their XML .
That way , both parties have to understand each other ’s data .
On Æxecor 's end , everything looked hunky dory , especially as a result of the following line of code .
bool physically Deliver = ( getNodeVal ( " Physically Deliver " ) .
toLower ( ) == " true " ) ;
Kudos to the developer for verifying the correct case ... but , a string can be infinitely more things than simply " true " or " false " .
Such as " 1 " or " 0 " .
Whoops .
Even a mistakenly confirmed incorrect trade should n’t have been that big of a deal , since the clearing house would notice some pretty big problems with the trade .
You ca n’t just call up FedEx and request delivery of thousands upon thousands of tons of raw material to some office complex downtown .
Commodities can only be delivered to a fixed number of delivery points , such as warehouses adjacent to train yards or ports .
Of course , since Æxecor ’s offices were in located on Pier 53 , a recently redeveloped warehouse district off the river , it would have seemed like the logical place to accept delivery of a whole bunch of coal , especially to a rules engine .
Whoops .
Fortunately , the commodity futures trading market does n’t rely entirely on software .
There are back - office personnel on both sides of the transaction ( and several places in the middle ) to make sure that a trader does n’t do something silly like accidently click the “ physically deliver ” checkbox , enter into round - turn trades that creates an instant net loss , and so on .
So with everyone looking over transactions , you ’d think that someone along the way would have noticed that trading giant Æxecor asked for physical delivery of a million - and - a - half dollars worth of coal .
Actually , someone probably did , but because the trade came from Brad , there was just no way it could be made in err .
As the senior trader at Æxecor , Brad made it very clear that no one — “ not even His Holiness , the Pope ” — shall question his trades .
After all , Brad makes complex trading decisions that no one else could possibly comprehend .
Sometimes he buys high and sells low .
Sometimes he holds in a decline .
Sometimes he refuses to sell at any price .
Brad works in mysterious ways , and if he said “ do it ” , then it better get done .
An Early Christmas
“ Now do n’t go telling me that this coal ai n’t yours , ” the workman said defensively , sensing something was awry .
“ I mean , if you do n’t want it , that ’s your business .
But this here is your coal , mister Brad . ”
As much as Brad wanted to deny it , he knew it was his .
And not only that , but he had haughtily confirmed , re-confirmed , and re-re- confirmed with Æxecor ’s own back - office processing team .
He had just assumed , like he always did , that the mouth - breathing paper - pushers could n’t read English .
As he played back the last thing he told one of the processors about the coal order – “ what part of ‘ execute my f*ing trade ’ do n’t you understand ! ? ” – he wondered what he could possibly do with 56,000,000 pounds of real coal .
Try to imagine for a moment how you would unload a mountain of coal worth million - and - a - half dollars .
Craigslist does have its limits , after all .
As it turned out , it was more difficult than Brad could have ever imagined to sell real coal .
The commodities market really only deals in futures , and everyone who actually needs 28,000 tons of coal has bought it long in advance .
And besides , who wants to buy coal from some guy named Brad ?
Eventually , after paying exorbitant wharfing , shipping , environmental , docking , unloading , loading , and multiple - fee fees , Brad was finally able to unload it for twenty cents on the dollar .
Ever since “ The Big Purchase ” , Brad has never been able to live down his mountain of coal .
Every time he passed others in the hallway , he knew that they knew about the coal , and they knew that he knew that they knew .
No one really poked fun or laughed at him , but it did n’t matter .
Brad was no longer thought of the senior trader at Æxecor ; instead , he was the guy who accidently bought all that coal .
Gazans have not been able to obtain building supplies to repair damage UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has said more must be done to repair damage done in the Gaza Strip by Israeli military action one year ago .
Mr Ban said Gazans were being denied " basic human rights " and urged Israel to end its " unacceptable and counterproductive blockade " .
He said Israeli well - being depended on conditions improving in the enclave .
Rallies are being held across Gaza to mark a year since the conflict , in which 1,400 Palestinians were killed .
In comments posted on the UN's website , Mr Ban said he was " deeply concerned that neither the issues that led to this conflict nor its worrying aftermath are being addressed " .
He said that while levels of violence had been low in the past year , there was still no durable ceasefire after Operation Cast Lead and Gazans were " denied basic human rights " .
" The quality and quantity of humanitarian supplies entering Gaza is insufficient , broader economic and reconstruction activity is paralysed , " said Mr Ban .
' Hopelessness ' Under Israel 's blockade of Gaza , only basic humanitarian supplies are allowed in , meaning Gazans have not been able to obtain materials to repair damaged homes , buildings and infrastructure .
The UN Relief and Works agency ( UNRWA ) in Gaza told the BBC that public health was suffering as a result of inadequate and unsanitary water supplies , and there had been a rise in infant mortality .
GAZA CONFLICT CASUALTIES
Total Palestinian deaths :
1,409 ( PCHR )
1,387 ( B' Tselem )
1,166 ( Israeli military ) Palestinian children killed :
326 ( under 17 , PCHR )
252 ( under 16 , B'tselem )
89 ( under 16 , Israeli military ) Palestinian civilians killed :
916 * ( PCHR )
773* ( B'tselem )
295 plus 162 unknown ( Israeli military ) Israelis killed :
3 civilians
10 security forces ( includes 4 by friendly fire ) * Figs exclude about 250 Hamas police officers
PCHR=Palestinian Human Rights Centre , B'Tselem=Israeli human rights group Voices : Gaza , one year on Gaza : Still on a knife edge Locals return to rocket - hit towns
UNRWA spokesman Christopher Gunness said thousands of tonnes of sewage were being pumped into the sea every day , because material for rebuilding treatment plants and other facilities was so scarce .
An international humanitarian aid convoy of some 200 vehicles is hoping to mark the anniversary by delivering supplies to Gaza .
The convoy is currently in Jordan , awaiting permission to cross the Red Sea and proceed to Egypt .
Hamas , which controls Gaza , is holding 22 days of rallies to mark the anniversary .
Senior leader Ahmed Bahar said Gazans remained " steadfast " after the conflict " The resistance , which defended its land with honour , was not broken , " the AFP news agency quoted him as saying .
Mr Ban called on Israel to end its blockade , uphold international law and make it possible for economic activity and civilian reconstruction to take place .
He also urged Hamas to respect the law and bring an end to violence , and for all Palestinians to " work for unity " .
He said there was " a sense of hopelessness in Gaza today for 1.5 million Palestinians , half of whom are under 18 " and that " a fundamentally different approach to Gaza is urgently required " .
" Their fate and the well - being of Israelis are intimately connected . "
The BBC's Katya Adler in Gaza City said the mood on the anniversary of Operation Cast Lead was relatively quiet , but uneasy .
Both Israel and Palestinians in Gaza believe 2010 is bound to bring further violence , our correspondent adds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scientists once thought that life could originate only within a solar system 's " habitable zone , " where a planet would be neither too hot nor too cold for liquid water to exist on its surface .
But according to planetary scientist Francis Nimmo , evidence from recent NASA missions suggests that conditions necessary for life may exist on the icy satellites of Saturn and Jupiter .
" If these moons are habitable , it changes the whole idea of the habitable zone , " said Nimmo , a professor of Earth and planetary sciences at UC Santa Cruz .
" It changes our thinking about how and where we might find life outside of the solar system . "
Nimmo discussed the impact of ice dynamics on the habitability of the moons of Saturn and Jupiter on Tuesday , December 15 , at the annual meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco .
Jupiter 's moon Europa and Saturn 's moon Enceladus , in particular , have attracted attention because of evidence that oceans of liquid water may lie beneath their icy surfaces .
This evidence , plus discoveries of deep - sea hydrothermal vent communities on Earth , suggests to some that these frozen moons just might harbor life .
" Liquid water is the one requirement for life that everyone can agree on , " Nimmo said .
The icy surfaces may insulate deep oceans , shift and fracture like tectonic plates , and mediate the flow of material and energy between the moons and space .
advertisement
Several lines of evidence support the presence of subsurface oceans on Europa and Enceladus , Nimmo said .
In 2000 , for example , NASA 's Galileo spacecraft measured an unusual magnetic field around Europa that was attributed to the presence of an ocean beneath the moon 's surface .
On Enceladus , the Cassini spacecraft discovered geysers shooting ice crystals a hundred miles above the surface , which also suggests at least pockets of subsurface water , Nimmo said ( see earlier story ) .
Liquid water is n't easy to find in the cold expanses beyond Earth 's orbit .
But according to Nimmo , tidal forces could keep subsurface oceans from freezing up .
Europa and Enceladus both have eccentric orbits that bring them alternately close to and then far away from their respective planets .
These elongated orbits create ebbs and flows of gravitational energy between the planets and their satellites .
" A moon like Enceladus is getting squeezed and stretched and squeezed and stretched , " Nimmo said .
The extent to which this squeezing and stretching transforms into heat remains unclear , he said .
Tidal forces likely shift plates in the lunar cores , creating friction and geothermal energy .
This energy may also rub surface ice against itself at the sites of deep ice fissures , creating heat and melting , according to Nimmo .
Enceladus 's geysers appear to originate from these shifting faults , and the thin lines running along Europa 's surface suggest geologically active plates , he said .
A frozen outer layer may be crucial to maintaining oceans that could harbor life on these moons .
The icy surfaces may shield the oceans from the frigidity of space and from radiation harmful to living organisms .
advertisement
" If you want to have life , you want the ocean to last a long time , " Nimmo said .
" The ice above acts like an insulating blanket . "
Enceladus is so small and its ice so thin that scientists expect its oceans to freeze periodically , making habitability less likely , Nimmo said .
Europa , however , is the perfect size to heat its oceans efficiently .
It is larger than Enceladus but smaller than moons such as Ganymede , which has thick ice surrounding its core and blocking communication with the exterior .
If liquid water exists on Ganymede , it may be trapped between layers of ice that separate it from both the core and the surface .
The core and the surface of these moons are both potential sources of the chemical building blocks needed for life .
Solar radiation and comet impacts leave a chemical film on the surfaces .
To sustain living organisms , these chemicals would have to migrate to the subsurface oceans , and this can occur periodically around ice fissures on moons with relatively thin ice shells like Europa and Enceladus .
Organic molecules and minerals may also stream out of their cores , Nimmo said .
These nutrients could support communities like those seen around hydrothermal vents on Earth .
Nimmo cautioned that being habitable is no guarantee that a planetary body is actually inhabited .
It is unlikely that we will find life elsewhere in our solar system , despite all the time and resources devoted to the search , he said .
But such a discovery would certainly be worth the effort .
" I think pretty much everyone can agree that finding life anywhere else in the solar system would be the scientific discovery of the millennium , " Nimmo said .
Although animal extinction is part of the natural cycle , humankind 's presence on the earth has accelerated the rate at which species are disappearing .
The list of endangered species around the world is growing due to a range of causes from overhunting to a loss of habitat .
The best source of data on this is the Red List , compiled by the IUCN species programme .
It 's an amazing source of data , from the summary below through to huge geospatial files .
Efforts to sustain pressured populations through captive breeding programmes are showing some signs of success but man continues to exert a pressure on the environment which continues to endanger many species across the globe .
Just over 6 % of the total species are in Brazil , reflecting the pressure that widespread deforestation is causing in the highly biodiverse region .
The tiny island nation of Singapore has a large number of threatened animals considering its size .
Its 100 endangered species works out at over 20 per million people present on the island ( compared with less than four per million in the United States ) .
Thanks to popular documentaries such as Planet Earth and End of the Line we 're starting to realise that we can make a real difference to conservation efforts by carefully considering the food that we eat .
In spite of this , humans need to reassess the way they interact with the environment if we are to save many of the animals on this list from becoming extinct .
Download the data
• DATA : download the datasheet , including country codes
• Can you do something with this data ?
Flickr
Please post your visualisations and mash - ups on our Flickr group or mail us at datastore@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A - Z of data
• More environment data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Scientists have produced a very unusual light show , engineering bacterial cells to fluoresce in synchrony .
The researchers turned the cells into synchronised " genetic clocks " - programming them to switch a fluorescent protein on and off .
These waves of activity could eventually be used to make biological sensors , or to programme cells to release timed doses of medicine .
The researchers report the advance in the journal Nature .
Synchronised waves , or oscillations , are important to scientists because they control crucial functions in the human body , such as the sleep - wake cycle , learning processes and the regular release of substances including insulin .
This same team of researchers , which was led by Dr Jeff Hasty from the University of California San Diego , US , first produced " flashing " cells a year ago .
These bacterial clocks could be tuned to alter the rate at which they blinked on and off .
But this latest advance allows the cells " talk to each other " and synchronise their activity as they grow into a colony .
" If you want a sensor - if you want to use the rate at which the cells switch on and off to signal something about the environment , you need a synchronised signal , " explained Dr Hasty .
To achieve this , he and his team incorporated two genes into the bacterial cells .
The real breakthrough will be when we can do this in mammalian cells
Professor Martin Fussenegger
ETH Zurich
One of the genes produced what he described as " a negative feedback system " .
This was the key component that stimulated oscillations in the cells - effectively switching the fluorescent protein on and off .
The other gene produced a chemical that travelled between the cells , allowing them to talk to each other and communicate the rate of his oscillation .
Professor Martin Fussenegger , a scientist from the Swiss science and technology university ETH Zurich , who was not involved in the study , said that this was " the first time that time - keeping devices in different individual cells had been synchronised " .
" It 's a dramatic achievement .
The real breakthrough [ will be ] when we can do this in mammalian cells , and this has laid the foundation for that , " he told BBC News .
" Oscillators could eventually be designed to produce insulin every six hours [ in diabetic patients ] .
" When doctors tell you to take this pill three times a day , that 's this is nothing more than an oscillation - a dose at a frequency .
An engineered oscillator could do this automatically . "
In this same issue of Nature , the editors have marked what many scientists consider to be the 10th anniversary of the birth of synthetic biology - the discipline that sets out to engineer or manipulate life .
" Part of the whole excitement of synthetic biology was to make a branch of molecular biology into an engineering discipline , " said Dr Hasty .
" The aim is to use computational tools to design biological circuits from scratch .
" We 're not quite there yet , but we can already design some of these [ simple ] systems . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Wednesday said the costs of hosting the federal trials of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and other suspected September 11 plotters would top $ 200 million annually and formally requested that Washington cover the costs .
A view of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York November 17 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Chip East
“ New York ’s financial resources are in short supply , and we have been forced to reduce our Police Department ’s headcount , ” Bloomberg wrote in a letter to White House Budget Director Peter Orszag dated January 5 and released to media on Wednesday .
“ Securing the trial will require us to pull existing personnel from crime prevention efforts around the city and require significant overtime expenses , ” the mayor wrote .
“ As 9/11 was an attack on the entire nation , we need the federal government to shoulder the significant costs we will incur and ease this burden . ”
Bloomberg estimated the cost for security would be $ 216 million for the first year and $ 206 million annually thereafter .
Noting the city was not seeking a “ blank check , ” he said policing the 2004 Republican Convention cost New York $ 50 million .
He said that event lasted one week while the trials could last years .
Bloomberg ’s estimates are the most specific yet of the cost of hosting the trials .
U.S. Attorney Eric Holder told lawmakers in November , “ New York should not bear the burden alone . ”
The trial of accused September 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four accomplices , who could each be brought to New York within weeks , will expose New York to an additional risk of attack , some security experts say .
POLICE TO PROVIDE MOST SECURITY
The five men will likely be tried in a Manhattan federal court and detained in a high - security , fortress - like unit in the Chinatown neighborhood in lower Manhattan .
Bloomberg ’s letter said personnel costs such as overtime would be the largest expenditure at more than $ 200 million annually .
Equipment costs were listed at $ 12.5 million in the first year and $ 2.5 million in subsequent years .
Federal law enforcement agencies such as the FBI and the U.S. Marshalls will take part in securing the trial but the New York Police Department is expected to provide most security .
Police officials have submitted a detailed security plan to Washington , which they say will involve beefing up perimeter security and setting up counterterrorism measures to dissuade potential attackers .
Original New York police estimates had placed costs at around $ 75 million dollars for the first year of the trial .
U.S. Senator Charles Schumer of New York has pledged to help direct separate funding to the city .
“ Not a nickel of these costs should be borne by New York taxpayers , because terrorism is a federal responsibility and this is a federal trial , ” Schumer said in a statement .
Home The Recruitment Theory of Language Origins Leo Meyerovich recently started a thread on LtU asking about Historical or sociological studies of programming language evolution ?.
I 've been meaning to post a paper on this topic to LtU for awhile now , but simply cherrypicking for the opportune time to fit it into forum discussion .
With Leo 's question at hand , I give you an interesting paper that models language evolution , by artificial intelligence researcher Luc Steels .
Steels has spent over 10 years researching this area , and his recent paper , The Recruitment Theory of Language Origins , summarizes one of his models for dealing with language evolution :
The recruitment theory of language origins argues that language users recruit and try out different strategies for solving the task of communication and retain those that maximise communicative success and cognitive economy .
Each strategy requires specific cognitive neural mechanisms , which in themselves serve a wide range of purposes and therefore may have evolved or could be learned independently of language .
The application of a strategy has an impact on the properties of the emergent language and this fixates the use of the strategy in the population .
Although neurological evidence can be used to show that certain cognitive neural mechanisms are common to linguistic and non-linguistic tasks , this only shows that recruitment has happened , not why .
To show the latter , we need models demonstrating that the recruitment of a particular strategy and hence the mechanisms to carry out this strategy lead to a better communication system .
This paper gives concrete examples how such models can be built and shows the kinds of results that can be expected from them .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
Some swear by them , some say they are a waste of time .
Love them or loathe them , job boards is the natural first port of call for most job seekers .
They are great for putting your finger on the job market pulse and to get an idea of what is out there .
Too many job boards :
The trouble with job boards is that you never know which one to use as new ones keep popping up on a daily basis .
The barriers to entry in this industry are very low , as anyone with some technical knowledge can set up a free open - source powered job board and start posting positions tomorrow .
This is part of the problem for the job seeker , as you will have to trawl through numerous sites every day and sometimes you have to sign up and upload a resume to apply as well .
Remember when the Internet was new and you were on AltaVista , WebCrawler , Yahoo and whatever new search engine that came out .
Then one day you discovered Google and you never looked back …
Enter the job search engines :
The good news is that there are meta search job boards that aggregate job postings from other sites .
Just like your typical search engines , these sites will compile jobs matching the skill and location that you enter .
The results that come up will be pulled from all directions and will be with you in an instant .
Traditional job boards such as Monster will charge their customers to post ads , the aggregators ca n’t do this as they are only linking to the original ad .
Instead , they rely on advertising so you will have to put up with some Google Adsense next to your search results .
Benefits of job board aggregators :
The main reason for you to use an aggregator is that you will search through all jobs in one go .
You will not find as many results from your search anywhere else .
The comprehensive search will pull up results from job boards , newspaper ’s job sections , company career pages , recruiter sites and more .
The other reason to use a job search engine is that you save lots of time .
Instead of hopping through 10 job boards per day , just use your favourite aggregator and rest assured that you have all bases covered .
The time you save can be put to good use for the other aspects of your job search .
Warning : lots of results and duplicates :
For obvious reasons , the aggregated sites will render long lists of results from your search terms .
You will want to be as specific as possible when searching to narrow down the findings .
Enter not only your skill but sub - skill , not only your town but actual zip code to begin with to keep results more specific .
The job search engines will also deliver a great deal of duplicate job postings .
If a role is posted on three different sites ( company , job board and recruiter ) , you are likely to get all three results from your search .
Be aware of this and do not apply for the same job three times as it will not do you any favors .
Here are the best aggregated job boards in order of size :
Indeed : Started out back in 2004 and was the trailblazer for all job search engines and is still the largest .
Indeed keeps expanding globally and is now available in 19 different country - specific versions .
SimplyHired : Close runner - up to Indeed and definitely the great contender .
It looks and feels just like Indeed but SimplyHired has more add - on applications that connects you to social media for easy sharing and research on the jobs you find .
Available in 17 countries worldwide .
CareerJet : Again a very similar application to Indeed , CareerJet claims to scan over 58,000 websites daily , and it ’s available in over 50 countries and in 20 languages .
LinkedIn Jobs :
You may have heard about this professaional network , but did you realise it hosts a huge job board that scrapes career sites and job postings on the internet ?
Worth a click for sure .
JobRobot :
The biggest German - language aggregator which is very useful for central European job opportunities .
Final note
Try these job search engines and work out which one works best for you .
Hopefully , you will save both time and effort by using these aggregator services .
As always , remember to work all other fronts as well : networking , social media and recruiters in order to get your next job .
What is your favourite job board and why ?
Related : What Job Boards are Most Useful for Applicants ?
Whether you want to make writing your career or just want to know how to improve your writing so that you can pass your college courses , there is plenty of reading material out there to help you get inspired and hone your skills .
Here 's a collection of titles that will instruct you on just about every aspect of writing , from the basics of grammar to marketing your completed novel , with some incredibly helpful tips from well - known writers themselves as well .
Writing Basics
These books address things like structure , plot , descriptions and other basic elements of any story .
Advice from Authors
Who better to give advice on writing than those who have made a name for themselves doing it ?
These books offer some insights on the craft from those who know it best .
Improving Your Writing
Use the information in these books to hone your writing skills .
Grammar
Whether you struggle with grammar or just want to learn to master it better , these books are great reads and reference tools .
Reference Books
Keep these books on hand to ensure your writing is mastering the basics like spelling , formatting , word use and more .
Writing as a Career
If you 're looking to make a career out of writing , these books can be a big help in getting you there .
Genre or Format Specific
These books focus on particular genres like science fiction or mystery or specific types of writing like poetry and nonfiction .
Classics
These classic books on writing , writers and creativity will get you inspired to write more .
A Moveable Feast by Ernest Hemingway : Published posthumously , this book details the time Hemingway spent in Paris along with other literary greats , like Fitzgerald , as well as insights into the psyche of the artist himself .
Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man by James Joyce :
This fictional account of the life of Joyce is not only a good read but an interesting insight into the events that shaped the life of one of the world 's most acclaimed authors .
Poetics by Aristotle :
This ancient Greek text is all about constructing the perfect tragic drama , but offers invaluable insights into the essentials of any genre of writing .
Walden by Henry David Thoreau :
Check out this book to learn what it means to disconnect from society and focus on nature .
Thoreau 's lessons on simplicity can be applied to the art of writing as well , where less can often say more .
Creativity and Motivation
Get some tips and advice on finding your creative spark and getting motivated to finally write your own book , essay , or short story .
We are excited and proud of announcing WebKitGTK + 2.8.0 , your favorite web rendering engine , now faster , even more stable and with a bunch of new features and improvements .
Gestures
Touch support is one the most important features missing since WebKitGTK + 2.0.0 .
Thanks to the GTK + gestures API , it ’s now more pleasant to use a WebKitWebView in a touch screen .
For now only the basic gestures are implemented : pan ( for scrolling by dragging from any point of the WebView ) , tap ( handling clicks with the finger ) and zoom ( for zooming in / out with two fingers ) .
We plan to add more touch enhancements like kinetic scrolling , overshot feedback animation , text selections , long press , etc. in future versions .
HTML5 Notifications
Notifications are transparently supported by WebKitGTK + now , using libnotify by default .
The default implementation can be overridden by applications to use their own notifications system , or simply to disable notifications .
WebView background color
There ’s new API now to set the base background color of a WebKitWebView .
The given color is used to fill the web view before the actual contents are rendered .
This will not have any visible effect if the web page contents set a background color , of course .
If the web view parent window has a RGBA visual , we can even have transparent colors .
A new WebKitSnapshotOptions flag has also been added to be able to take web view snapshots over a transparent surface , instead of filling the surface with the default background color ( opaque white ) .
User script messages
The communication between the UI process and the Web Extensions is something that we have always left to the users , so that everybody can use their own IPC mechanism .
Epiphany and most of the apps use D - Bus for this , and it works perfectly .
However , D - Bus is often too much for simple cases where there are only a few messages sent from the Web Extension to the UI process .
User script messages make these cases a lot easier to implement and can be used from JavaScript code or using the GObject DOM bindings .
Let ’s see how it works with a very simple example :
In the UI process , we register a script message handler using the WebKitUserContentManager and connect to the “ script- message - received - signal ” for the given handler :
webkit_user_content_manager_register_script_message_handler ( user_content , " foo " ) ; g_signal_connect ( user_content , " script- message - received : : foo " , G_CALLBACK ( foo_message_received_cb ) , NULL ) ;
Script messages are received in the UI process as a WebKitJavascriptResult :
static void foo_message_received_cb ( WebKitUserContentManager * manager , WebKitJavascriptResult * message , gpointer user_data ) { char * message_str ; message_str = get_js_result_as_string ( message ) ; g_print ( " Script message received for handler foo : %s
" , message_str ) ; g_free ( message_str ) ; }
Sending a message from the web process to the UI process using JavaScript is very easy :
window.webkit.messageHandlers.foo.postMessage( " bar " ) ;
That will send the message “ bar ” to the registered foo script message handler .
It ’s not limited to strings , we can pass any JavaScript value to postMessage ( ) that can be serialized .
There ’s also a convenient API to send script messages in the GObject DOM bindings API :
webkit_dom_dom_window_webkit_message_handlers_post_message ( dom_window , " foo " , " bar " ) ;
Who is playing audio ?
WebKitWebView has now a boolean read - only property is - playing - adio that is set to TRUE when the web view is playing audio ( even if it ’s a video ) and to FALSE when the audio is stopped .
Browsers can use this to provide visual feedback about which tab is playing audio , Epiphany already does that
HTML5 color input
Color input element is now supported by default , so instead of rendering a text field to manually input the color as hexadecimal color code , WebKit now renders a color button that when clicked shows a GTK color chooser dialog .
As usual , the public API allows to override the default implementation , to use your own color chooser .
MiniBrowser uses a popover , for example .
APNG
APNG ( Animated PNG ) is a PNG extension that allows to create animated PNGs , similar to GIF but much better , supporting 24 bit images and transparencies .
Since 2.8 WebKitGTK + can render APNG files .
You can check how it works with the mozilla demos .
SSL
The POODLE vulnerability fix introduced compatibility problems with some websites when establishing the SSL connection .
Those problems were actually server side issues , that were incorrectly banning SSL 3.0 record packet versions , but that could be worked around in WebKitGTK +.
WebKitGTK + already provided a WebKitWebView signal to notify about TLS errors when loading , but only for the connection of the main resource in the main frame .
However , it ’s still possible that subresources fail due to TLS errors , when using a connection different to the main resource one .
WebKitGTK + 2.8 gained WebKitWebResource :: failed - with - tls - errors signal to be notified when a subresource load failed because of invalid certificate .
Ciphersuites based on RC4 are now disallowed when performing TLS negotiation , because it is no longer considered secure .
Performance : bmalloc and concurrent JIT
bmalloc is a new memory allocator added to WebKit to replace TCMalloc .
Apple had already used it in the Mac and iOS ports for some time with very good results , but it needed some tweaks to work on Linux .
WebKitGTK + 2.8 now also uses bmalloc which drastically improved the overall performance .
Concurrent JIT was not enabled in GTK ( and EFL ) port for no apparent reason .
Enabling it had also an amazing impact in the performance .
Both performance improvements were very noticeable in the performance bot :
The first jump on 11th Feb corresponds to the bmalloc switch , while the other jump on 25th Feb is when concurrent JIT was enabled .
Plans for 2.10
WebKitGTK + 2.8 is an awesome release , but the plans for 2.10 are quite promising .
Ruby とか Quine とか esoteric language とかが好きです。あと関東沿線歩きの記録 。
/ dev/ dsp が利用可能な環境で実行してください。 windows 環境なら cygwin でどう ぞ * 1 。
スターをつけまし た
引用をストックしました ストック一覧を見る 閉じ る
引用するにはまずログインしてください ログイン 閉じる
引用をストックできませんでした。再度お試しください 閉じる
Star Wars Game Theory
In the original Star Wars movie ( Episode IV ) , Luke Skywalker pleads with Han Solo to help the Rebel Alliance battle the Empire , but Han refuses and a disgusted Luke storms off .
Chewbacca , being a student of game theory , lays out the payoff bimatrix to Han in their “ conversation ” :
Han understands that the Rebels have a dominant strategy of fighting .
Knowing that , although he has no dominant strategy , and being the self - centered person he has already shown himself to be , Han realizes he is better off choosing to aid the Rebels and fight .
( Fight , Fight ) is a Nash equilibrium and also a Pareto optimum .
I wonder how many other Star Wars games there are .
( Hat tip : J.S. )
Helping Injured People Recover &
Move Forward With Their Lives
We recognize the results we achieve for our clients are about more than just a large financial award .
It 's okay that you may not know why something wrong happened .
It 's our job to find the answer .
Let us contemplate the badness of Joe Lieberman .
Who would have thought that this holiday season we’d be obsessed with the senator from Connecticut ?
Really , I was hoping it would be more about shopping for mittens on the Internet .
Lieberman ’s apparently successful attempt to hijack health care reform and hold it hostage until it had been amended into something that liberals could n’t stomach has mesmerized the nation ’s political class .
This was , after all , a guy who has been a liberal on domestic issues since he was a college student campaigning for John F. Kennedy .
A guy who was in favor of the public option , of expanding Medicare eligibility , until  last week .
The theories about Why Joe Is Doing It abound .
We can not get enough of them !
I have decided to start a rumor that it all goes back to the 2004 presidential race , when Lieberman not only failed to win any primaries , but was also bitten by either a rabid muskrat or a vampire disguised as a moose .
Other than that , my favorite explanation comes from Jonathan Chait of The New Republic , who theorized that Lieberman was able to go from Guy Who Wants to Expand Medicare to Guy Who Would Rather Kill Health Care Than Expand Medicare because he “ is n’t actually all that smart . ”
On Oct. 17 , 1989 , a major earthquake with a magnitude of 7.0 struck the Bay Area in Northern California .
Sixty - three people were killed .
This week , a major earthquake , also measuring a magnitude of 7.0 , struck near Port - au - Prince , Haiti .
The Red Cross estimates that between 45,000 and 50,000 people have died .
This is not a natural disaster story .
This is a poverty story .
It ’s a story about poorly constructed buildings , bad infrastructure and terrible public services .
On Thursday , President Obama told the people of Haiti : “ You will not be forsaken ; you will not be forgotten . ”
If he is going to remain faithful to that vow then he is going to have to use this tragedy as an occasion to rethink our approach to global poverty .
He ’s going to have to acknowledge a few difficult truths .
The first of those truths is that we do n’t know how to use aid to reduce poverty .
Over the past few decades , the world has spent trillions of dollars to generate growth in the developing world .
The countries that have not received much aid , like China , have seen tremendous growth and tremendous poverty reductions .
The countries that have received aid , like Haiti , have not .
In the recent anthology “ What Works in Development ? , ” a group of economists try to sort out what we ’ve learned .
The picture is grim .
There are no policy levers that consistently correlate to increased growth .
There is nearly zero correlation between how a developing economy does one decade and how it does the next .
There is no consistently proven way to reduce corruption .
Even improving governing institutions does n’t seem to produce the expected results .
TAMPA , Florida ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Thursday urged Israel and the Palestinians to make compromises to help revive peace talks , signaling he has not given up Middle East diplomacy despite his administration ’s shaky efforts so far .
Speaking at a townhall - style meeting in Florida , Obama said he was still working to bring the two sides to the negotiating table to resume a peace process that has been frozen for the past 13 months .
He also reasserted his administration ’s ability to act as an even - handed broker , saying he was committed to Israel ’s security but also was sympathetic to the Palestinians ’ plight .
“ We are working to try to strengthen the ability of both parties to sit down across the table and to begin serious negotiations , ” Obama said .
His efforts to restart talks have made little progress since he took office a year ago with a commitment to make ending the 62 - year - old conflict a high priority .
Critics say he was naive about obstacles such as Israeli settlement building .
Obama blamed internal politics both in Israel and the Palestinian territories for constraining peace diplomacy .
He cited problems faced by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who the president said “ is making some effort to move a little bit further than his coalition wants to go . ”
Netanyahu ’s right - leaning government includes pro-settler parties strongly opposed to ceding occupied land to the Palestinians for a future state .
Obama said Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas wants peace but has to contend with Hamas , an Islamist group that denies Israel ’s right to exist .
Abbas , a pro-U.S. moderate , is also weakened by Hamas ’s control of the Gaza Strip .
“ Both sides are going to have to make compromises , ” Obama said , calling on Israelis to acknowledge Palestinians ’ “ legitimate grievances ” and for the Palestinians to “ unequivocally renounce violence ” against the Jewish state .
Obama declined , under questioning from an audience member , to condemn Israel for its treatment of Palestinians .
“ Israel is one of our strongest allies , ” he said .
“ I will never waver from ensuring Israel ’s security . ”
But he insisted , “ The plight of the Palestinians is something that we have to pay attention to .
It is not good for our security and for Israel ’s security if you have millions of individuals who feel hopeless . ”
Many in the Muslim world accused Obama ’s predecessor , George W. Bush , of bias in favor of Israel .
Obama had pledged full engagement in Middle East peace efforts , something the Bush administration was widely seen as avoiding .
Despite that , Obama made no mention of the Middle East conflict in his State of the Union speech on Wednesday .
What does it mean to be have been born in 2000 ?
In a video that went viral earlier this month , Allison Louie - Garcia interviews 9 - year - olds who can't hum a Britney Spears song and learned about 9/11 from a library book .
Advertisement
At a recent family function , I showed my eight - and - a - half - year - old niece , Dandara , my new book , Obsolete .
Specifically , I showed her the book 's James Gulliver Hancock - rendered illustrations of various objects that are becoming obsolete .
I asked her what she thought each one was .
She guessed that the cassette tape was some kind of film dispenser ; a can of 35 mm film was , in her view , clearly meant for storing small food products .
She correctly guessed that Wite - Out was a kind of paint , but she could n't figure out what one would use it for .
This was a really entertaining game ... for me .
Unfortunately , she quickly grew tired of me laughing at her .
Allison Louie - Garcia took this idea one step further by interviewing a handful of kids born in 2000 .
The resulting video serves as a reminder of how much has changed in the last decade .
The children discuss their first MP3 players , recall using computers at age two , and marvel over the sounds of a dial - up modem .
Napster , one kid guesses , must 've had something to do with naps .
And Britney Spears lives in their memory as " the girl who cut her hair bald . "
Advertisement
Louie - Garcia also asks the children about war and terrorism .
My nephew Miles was three on 9/11/01 and I recall , in the weeks after the attack , walking in Manhattan 's Union Square talking to him about the American flags that were omnipresent .
With his little hand reaching up to mine , we walked around and made a game of counting them .
It was my little way of trying to brand the memory on him — a recollection he would one day be able to share with his own grandchildren if they ever asked if he remembered what it was like to be in New York during that fateful time .
A few months later , one of my editors at work told me to not reference 9/11 in anything I wrote .
" People are already over it , " she said .
I was nonplussed .
But , this video reminds me that , in the end , editors are always right .
What do the kids of 2000 see as the most important event in their lifetimes ?
Michael Jackson 's death .
[ Vimeo via Diary of a Madman and pretty much everywhere else on the internet ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Anna Jane Grossman will be with us for the next few weeks , documenting life in the early aughts , and how it differs from today .
The author of Obsolete : An Encyclopedia of Once- Common Things Passing Us By ( Abrams Image ) and the creator of ObsoleteTheBook.com , she has also written for dozens of publications , including the New York Times , Salon.com , the Associated Press , Elle and the Huffington Post , as well as Gizmodo .
She has a complicated relationship with technology , but she does have an eponymous website : AnnaJane.net .
Follow her on Twitter at @ AnnaJane .
I got pushback on a post I put up yesterday critical of the health care reform bill from readers who pointed to the fact that folks like Paul Krugman and Al Franken were supporting it meant it must be at least OK .
Well , it is n’t , and do n’t delude yourself into thinking that .
Why did health insurance stocks rise to all time highs when the bill was passed ?
This tidbit comes from reader Chuck S , and refers to the Senate version ( the House version is pretty much certain to be made to conform to the Senate bill ) .
Yves here .
This list still misses a few very bad features .
For instance , most have fallen for the “ preexisting conditions ” bit , that the new plan is better because it forces insurers to cover those with preexisting conditinos .
Well first , if you recall , insurers have used the failure to report ANY preexisting condition , no matter how trivial , as a reason to deny coverage when someone gets a costly illness .
So health insurers will be permitted to charge those with “ preexisting conditions , ” again even if trivial , a 50 % premium to the rest of the population .
This not only defeats the idea of enlarging the pool , but also continues the abusive use of the notion of “ preexsiting condition ” .
And before you argue that including all those people is costly and needs to be recouped somehow , every other advanced economy has a form of government - supported medicine that covers all citizens , is cheaper than ours , and delivers no worse , and in many cases , better health outcomes .
Covering these people is not the problem ; the problem is the system we now have .
Second , insurers that cross state lines get to be regulated by the state with the least regulations .
Just as we saw with financial services , this will lead to a race to the bottom .
For instance , I have a plan regulated by New York State , and New York State allows me to appeal to the state if I think I have been denied coverage incorrectly .
Every time I have used this option , I have prevailed ( and once , the NYS response was quite a smackdown to my insurer , Cigna ) .
I ’d lose this very valuable right under a new plan .
Third , Obama has engaged in a massive bait and switch .
As Marshall Auerback pointed out ,
From a Washington
Post interview :
Obama said the public option “ has become a source of ideological contention between the left and right . ”
But , he added , “ I did n’t campaign on the public option . ”
Lots of links below the fold that appear to create a contradiction between the statement above and the actual facts .
TomP ’s diary –
In the 2008 Obama - Biden health care plan on the campaign ’s website , candidate Obama promised that “ any American will have the opportunity to enroll in [ a ] new public plan . ” [ 2008 ] – During a speech at the American Medical Association , President Obama told thousands of doctors that one of the plans included in the new health insurance exchanges “ needs to be a public option that will give people a broader range of choices and inject competition into the health care market . ” [ 6/15/09 ] –
While speaking to the nation during his weekly address , the President said that “ any plan ” he signs “ must include …a public option . ” [ 7/17/09 ] – During a conference call with progressive bloggers , the President said he continues “ to believe that a robust public option would be the best way to go . ” [ 7/20/09 ] – Obama told NBC ’s David Gregory that a public option “ should be a part of this [ health care bill ] , ” while rebuking claims that the plan was “ dead . ” [ 9/20/09 ]
Obama sees Reagan as one of his role models , but as my politically - minded buddies like to point out , Reagan sought to get and succeeded in winning 75 - 80 % of what he wanted .
Obama starts out with a much less ambitious ask and settles for at most 60 % .
Pulling The Plug On Grandma
Perhaps you notice the uncomfortable incentive structure here .
The House of Representatives voted at the beginning of December to continue the current year policy into 2010 ; instead of an exclusion for all estates , only those greater than $ 3.5 million in value would be taxed .
That would still leave some bad incentives in place , but it would be better than the current policy path .
That left the Senate , graveyard of sensible policy ideas .
And the Senate has now abandoned its effort to pass the House extension of the estate tax measure .
When Gorgo was asked why it was that of all the women of Greece , the Spartans had the greatest freedoms , she replied " We make real men " *****. "
If you educate a man you educate an individual .
If you educate a woman you get an educated nation . "
James .
E. Kwegyir - Aggrey .
What 's up guys ?
Pull up a comfy chair and enjoy oogling some of today 's most sexy and stunning garages .
No , not a single one of these are mine !
Anyway , hope you guys enjoy the photos !
AND PLEASE ADD MORE GARAGE PICTURES THAT YOU HAVE GATHERED OR SNAPPED !!!
Thanks !
We often have the need to persuade non technical users that IE6 is a very bad idea for any company to be still running and so have a document we are working on to educate home and corporate users here is a summary if it helps :
Why is IE 6 a problem ?
Much less secure than other browsers
The internet has changed a lot since IE 6 was released and there are more threats to data security than ever before including phishing scams , script injection attacks , key logging viruses , identity theft and bot-nets ( machines which have been taken over for criminal activity ) .
It is well documented that IE6 is less secure than modern browsers when surfing the internet :
“.. the most compelling reason to upgrade is the improved security .
The Internet of today is not the Internet of five years ago .
There are dangers that simply did n't exist back in 2001 , when Internet Explorer 6 was released to the world . ”
Sandi Hardmeier , Microsoft MVP
“ Older browsers are a swiss - cheese of security holes , allowing black - hats out there to take over computers , construct bot-nets , and even steal their victim ’s identity , most of the time without their knowledge . ” www.joelevi.com
IE 6 poses a security risk to any computer that it is used on for web browsing .
Any responsible IT team will upgrade to IE7 or later on all machines within a corporate network .
Many now install the Firefox browser in order to increase security further .
It is not standards compliant
IE 6 does not render web pages in the same way that most browsers do as it uses a proprietary engine which ignores many of the standards set by the W3C ( the World Wide Web Consortium ) .
This leads some web pages to be displayed incorrectly in IE 6 and some not to display at all .
This also means that while web developers have to support IE 6 much of their work is taken up by fixing pages rather than developing better content and features .
In short IE 6 is holding back the web ’s development for all users .
Slower
During the last 8 years of browser development as well as improved security browsers have been tuned for better performance on all fronts including download speed , rendering speed and JavaScript / AJAX performance which is a technology used on most major sites to give a better end user experience ( sometimes know as Web 2.0 technology ) .
Memory Usage
Internet Explorer 7 actually uses less memory than IE6 and uses less overall resources on a machine .
So upgrading can improve the performance of older computers .
Upgrading to Firefox or Chrome
Firefox
http://en-us.www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/firefox.html
Chrome
http://www.google.co.uk/chrome
Upgrading to IE 7 / 8
Home users
Internet Explorer 7 http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?displaylang=en&FamilyID=9ae91ebe-3385-447c-8a30-081805b2f90b
Internet Explorer 8
http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=341C2AD5-8C3D-4347-8C03-08CDECD8852B&displaylang=en
Corporate Users
Internet Explorer 7 Resource Page
http://technet.microsoft.com/en-gb/ie/bb381619.aspx
Internet Explorer 7 Deployment Guide
http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=e41d8800-d134-4356-a2e7-c01bee790908&DisplayLang=en
Internet Explorer 8 Resource Page
http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/ie/bb219517.aspx
Internet Explorer 8 Deployment Guide
http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc985339.aspx
A decline in diverse plants species on which to feed may be causing a similar decline in bee survival , according to a new paper in Biology Letters .
Researchers found that bees consuming a diverse number of plants produce more effective glucose oxidase ( GOX ) than bees which eat from a monoculture .
Glucose oxidase is essential for bees to preserve food for their larvae , keeping the hive healthy .
In addition , bees fed a diverse diet also produced more fat , which in bees produce anti-microbial chemicals to help resist disease .
This “ would mean they have better antiseptic protection compared to other bees , and so would be more resistant to pathogen invasion , ” lead author Dr. Cedric Alaux from the French National Institute for Agricultural Research ( INRA ) in Avignon told the BBC .
Bees , vital pollinators and producers of honey , have been suffering mysterious declines around the world .
Related articles
The honeybee can count
( 01/29/2009 ) Plato once said : “ numbers are the highest degree of knowledge : it is knowledge itself . ”
By Plato ’s standards researchers have just discovered that the honey bee is a knowledgeable insect indeed .
The honey bee can count to three in an instant according to a new study in the online journal PLoS ONE .
Using dots and other abstract symbols , scientists from the Vision Centre in Australia tested whether the honey bees had the ability to count items in their environment .
Billions of disappearing bees linked to virus
( 09/06/2007 ) Scientists have linked the disappearance of tens of billions of bees to a virus , reports a study published in the 7 September issue of the journal Science .
Colony collapse disorder ( CCD ) , in which colonies inexplicably lose all of their worker bees , has been blamed for the loss of 50 - 90 percent of colonies in beekeeping operations across the U.S .
20 - 40 % of U.S. bees have disappeared
( 05/14/2007 ) Known and unknown ailments have killed 20 to 40 percent of bee colonies across the United States this winter according to a leading entomologist .
Billions of tonnes of water droplets vanish from the atmosphere in events that reveal in detail how the Sun and the stars control our everyday clouds .
Researchers of the National Space Institute in the Technical University of Denmark ( DTU ) have traced the consequences of eruptions on the Sun that screen the Earth from some of the cosmic rays -- the energetic particles raining down on our planet from exploded stars .
" The Sun makes fantastic natural experiments that allow us to test our ideas about its effects on the climate , " says Prof.
Henrik Svensmark , lead author of a report newly published in Geophysical Research Letters .
When solar explosions interfere with the cosmic rays there is a temporary shortage of small aerosols , chemical specks in the air that normally grow until water vapour can condense on them , so seeding the liquid water droplets of low - level clouds .
Because of the shortage , clouds over the ocean can lose as much as 7 per cent of their liquid water within seven or eight days of the cosmic - ray minimum .
" A link between the Sun , cosmic rays , aerosols , and liquid - water clouds appears to exist on a global scale , " the report concludes .
This research , to which Torsten Bondo and Jacob Svensmark contributed , validates 13 years of discoveries that point to a key role for cosmic rays in climate change .
In particular , it connects observable variations in the world 's cloudiness to laboratory experiments in Copenhagen showing how cosmic rays help to make the all - important aerosols .
Other investigators have reported difficulty in finding significant effects of the solar eruptions on clouds , and Henrik Svensmark understands their problem .
" It 's like trying to see tigers hidden in the jungle , because clouds change a lot from day to day whatever the cosmic rays are doing , " he says .
The first task for a successful hunt was to work out when " tigers " were most likely to show themselves , by identifying the most promising instances of sudden drops in the count of cosmic rays , called Forbush decreases .
Previous research in Copenhagen predicted that the effects should be most notice - able in the lowest 3000 metres of the atmosphere .
The team identified 26 Forbush decreases since 1987 that caused the biggest reductions in cosmic rays at low altitudes , and set about looking for the consequences .
Forgetting to sow the seeds
The first global impact of the shortage of cosmic rays is a subtle change in the colour of sunlight , as seen by ground stations of the aerosol robotic network AERONET .
By analysing its records during and after the reductions in cosmic rays , the DTU team found that violet light from the Sun looked brighter than usual .
A shortage of small aerosols , which normally scatter violet light as it passes through the air , was the most likely reason .
The colour change was greatest about five days after the minimum counts of cosmic rays .
advertisement
Why the delay ?
Henrik Svensmark and his team were not surprised by it , because the immediate ac-tion of cosmic rays , seen in laboratory experiments , creates micro-clusters of sulphuric acid and water molecules that are too small to affect the AERONET observations .
Only when they have spent a few days growing in size should they begin to show up , or else be noticeable by their absence .
The evidence from the aftermath of the Forbush decreases , as scrutinized by the Danish team , gives aerosol experts valuable information about the formation and fate of small aerosols in the Earth 's atmosphere .
Although capable of affecting sunlight after five days , the growing aerosols would not yet be large enough to collect water droplets .
The full impact on clouds only becomes evident two or three days later .
It takes the form of a loss of low - altitude clouds , because of the earlier loss of small aerosols that would normally have grown into " cloud condensation nuclei " capable of seeding the clouds .
" Then it 's like noticing bare patches in a field , where a farmer forgot to sow the seeds , " Svensmark explains .
" Three independent sets of satellite observations all tell a similar story of clouds disappearing , about a week after the minimum of cosmic rays . "
Huge effects on cloudiness
Averaging satellite data on the liquid - water content of clouds over the oceans , for the five strongest Forbush decreases from 2001 to 2005 , the DTU team found a 7 per cent decrease , as mentioned earlier .
That translates into 3 billion tonnes of liquid water vanishing from the sky .
The water remains the -re in vapour form , but unlike cloud droplets it does not get in the way of sunlight trying to warm the ocean .
After the same five Forbush decreases , satellites measuring the extent of liquid - water clouds revealed an average reduction of 4 per cent .
Other satellites showed a similar 5 per cent reduction in clouds below 3200 metres over the ocean .
" The effect of the solar explosions on the Earth 's cloudiness is huge , " Henrik Svensmark comments .
" A loss of clouds of 4 or 5 per cent may not sound very much , but it briefly increases the sunlight rea-ching the oceans by about 2 watt per square metre , and that 's equivalent to all the global warming dur-ing the 20th Century . "
The Forbush decreases are too short - lived to have a lasting effect on the climate , but they dramatize the mechanism that works more patiently during the 11 - year solar cycle .
When the Sun becomes more active , the decline in low - altitude cosmic radiation is greater than that seen in most Forbush events , and the loss of low cloud cover persists for long enough to warm the world .
That explains , according to the DTU team , the alternations of warming and cooling seen in the lower atmosphere and in the oceans during solar cycles .
The director of the Danish National Space Institute , DTU , Eigil Friis - Christensen , was co-author with Svensmark of an early report on the effect of cosmic rays on cloud cover , back in 1996 .
Commenting on the latest paper he says , " The evidence has piled up , first for the link between cosmic rays and low - level clouds and then , by experiment and observation , for the mechanism involving aerosols .
All these consistent scientific results illustrate that the current climate models used to predict future climate are lacking important parts of the physics " .
Sure , I like the concept of grace abounding as much as the next miserable sinner .
But Brit Hume got it badly wrong in proposing that Tiger Woods might want to try out Christian grace as though it were some kind of fire extinguisher for his burning pants .
You really have to watch the video to appreciate the full - on awkwardness of Brit Hume ’s original January 3 riff , but it may also be worthwhile to parse the transcript :
He ’s said to be a Buddhist ; I do n’t think that faith offers the kind of forgiveness and redemption that is offered by the Christian faith .
So my message to Tiger would be , ‘ Tiger , turn to the Christian faith and you can make a total recovery and be a great example to the world . ’
Digging himself in a bit deeper on Bill O’Reilly ’s show the next day , Parson Hume elaborated :
He needs something that Christianity especially provides and gives and offers , and that is redemption and forgiveness .
I was really meaning to say in those comments yesterday more about Christianity than anything else …
I think that Jesus Christ offers Tiger Woods something that Tiger Woods badly needs .
Especially provides , or uniquely provides ?
There ’s quite a significant difference .
I think that Hume meant to say uniquely , but could not quite bring himself to say it .
Uniquely is certainly what many American Christians heard — and heard to their immense self - satisfaction .
But what many have called Brit Hume ’s clumsy effort at proselytizing is not the main issue .
I agree with Michael Gerson ( gulp ) that “ a semi- retired broadcaster holds no unfair advantage over a multimillionaire athlete . ”
Hume , of course , is simply wrong on the facts if he imagines that Christianity came up with an approach to repentance and forgiveness that is unique among the major faiths .
Christianity carries over ( albeit in a distinctive and Paulinized / Hellenized form ) the Judaic concept of t’shuva .
So a uniqueness claim will not stand up to real scrutiny .
Besides , by now we have a number of serious Christian thinkers ( Paul Knitter comes to mind ) who say that you cannot with integrity really hold on to your Christian faith absent some of the wisdom and consciousness of the Buddha .
But if only as a thought experiment , let us posit for a moment that Christianity does indeed offer very special or even exclusive access to redemption and forgiveness .
Let us suppose , in other words , that Hume was on to something .
We could conduct this experiment on the premise that different religions perform different functions with relative degrees of success and that one of Christianity ’s standout contributions — one of its Greatest Hits , as it were — is its approach to repentance ( or metanoia , in the Greek ) .
Even on this hokey speculative premise , Brit ’s proposal to Tiger falls down pretty quickly .
The reason is Tiger ’s immense celebrity and his corresponding immense need to get himself out of a jam as fast as possible in order to protect his franchise .
I am quite sure that the very best dogmatic authorities across the centuries would back me up in saying that treating repentance as a speedy way to get out of a jam represents a serious abuse of the both concept and the practice .
The urgency undermines the authenticity .
We are already familiar with how these things tend to go among high - profile American Christians ( Bill Clinton , Ted Haggard , etc . )
The guilty party is deeply embarrassed by public exposure of his misdeeds ; he makes a public vow to rehabilitate himself ; then , in order to underscore the notion that he is really , really sorry , he also brings into high public relief his Christian repentance , sometimes going so far as to say that he has called upon respected religious figures to serve as his repentance coaches : his spiritual hall monitors .
By means of this well - worn ritual of mutual self - deception and spiritual sleight - of - hand , the good Christian people of this nation are able to breathe a sigh of relief , while the exposed miscreant breathes an even deeper sigh that he has managed to pull it off .
( We must note in passing how , in nearly every such instance of very public repentance , the sinner is a powerful male whose sin is related to sex ; I am still waiting for the greedhead banker or the embezzler or abusive employer who feels the need to fall to his knees and call on the name of Jesus for a new start . )
This kind of speed - cycle washing in the blood of the Lamb brings to mind the way Ambrose Bierce defined the term “ Christian ” in his still - invaluable Devil ’s Dictionary : “ One who follows the teachings of Christ insofar as they are not inconsistent with a life of sin . ”
Memo to Brit Hume : finding Jesus in the midst of an embarrassing public crisis should never be treated as a get - out - jail - free card .
The turning away from sin and the turning toward divine grace that an authentic theology of repentance contemplates is never a quick fix .
What John Calvin called sanctification — making one ’s life holy and thus in some small part reflective of God ’s superabundant grace — is a slow lifelong process , and one that is not without continuous struggle .
Put another way , the baptized Christian formally renounces the Devil and his works , but that does n’t mean the Devil goes away .
Carl Jung , a Calvinist preacher ’s kid , was quick to identify and celebrate a more instantaneous form of repentance .
Jung pushed the definition of metanoia toward a repentance - lite concept of a sudden change of mind or disambiguation ( gotta love that word ! ) brought on under conditions of emotional meltdown .
If this re-branding of Brit Hume ’s suggestion that Tiger take the Jesus way out , then maybe Brit really was on to something — and maybe Tiger should slap a big “ JC ” where “ AT&T ” used to be on his golf bag .
No one should pretend , however , that there is anything genuinely Christian about such a move .
But really :
When you ’re Brit Hume , where would you find the time to learn anything at all about the various and more nuanced meanings of Christian repentance ?
Better to just run your mouth and keep on running it until the foot - in - mouth incident fades away .
I mean , who ’s really gonna care besides a bunch of bitter Buddhists ?
WARNING : POSSIBLE SPOILERS FOR GREEN LANTERN : THE MOVIE BELOW
IS THIS KILOWOG ?
Our " early christmas present " featuring Blackest Night # 6 was well - received by readers of Cosmic Book News .
We decided to put together another Green Lantern feature , this time on Green Lantern : The Movie .
We scoured the internet researching all the resources and relevant information .
We even managed to come up with a couple exclusives ( we think ) !
The Kilowog images are believed to be FIRST LOOKS .
Is it the real thing ?
Who knows ?
UPDATED 1:51 pm Eastern : Kilowog images verified .
Here is what we do know :
CREW ( based on IMDB.COM ) :
# 1. Martin Cambpell ( " Goldeneye , " " Mask of Zorro , " " Casino Royale " ) is the director
# 2. Donald DeLine ( " Italian Job , " " Fool 's Gold , " " I Love You Man " ) is credited as one of the executive producers .
# 3. Greg Berlanti ( " Everwood , " " Brothers & Sisters , " " Eli Stone " ) , Michael Green ( " Smallville , " " Everwood , " " Heroes " ) and Marc Guggenheim ( " Brothers & Sisters , " " Eli Stone , " " X - Men Origins : Wolverine " ) are credited with the screenplay .
CAST ( based on IMDB.COM ) :
1. Ryan Reynolds ( " National Lampoon 's Van Wilder , " " The Proposal " & " X - Men Origins : Wolverine " ) is Hal Jordan .
2. Blake Lively ( " The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants , " " The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2 , " " Gossip Girl " ) is Carol Ferris .
3. Peter Sarsgaard ( " Kinsey , " " The Skeleton Key , " " Jarhead " ) is Hector Hammond .
4. Mark Strong ( " Sherlock Holmes , " " RocknRolla , " " Body of Lies " ) is rumored to be Sinestro ( according to ) .
It has also been rumored that Jackie Earle Haley ( " Watchmen " ) had been up for Sinestro , but based on the preceding link , that appears to not be the case .
IS THIS KILOWOG ?
THE STORY :
According to MTV.com , director Martin Campbell said this , " Well , Kilowog will be [ in it ] .
Tomar - Re is in it .
Sinestro is in it .
Abin Sur is in it .
All the origin people .
Carol [ Ferris ] , of course , who will be played by Blake Lively .
All the main characters are there , and it's a complex story .
The origin story of Green Lantern is complex , probably one of the most complex , which makes it a challenge to get it right . "
Now , based on a script we found a couple years back at a comic book message board , Carol Ferris and Sinestro will not be the full fledged villains , but the characters will be set up as the villains for a second " Green Lantern " movie .
Director Martin Campbell confirmed this in an interview with , that was published on their sister site , , " I think it will stick closely to the origin story , but we all know Sinestro , for an example , is a character who goes over to the dark side , and of course , Carol , played by Blake Lively , in later versions becomes a bad guy as well .
I think people will be able to see forward to the characters that in the comic went on to ( become bad guys ) ... but people will be ahead of us on all that I think . "
SCRIPT : ( based on a Green Lantern Script ( ? ) from 2008 - are they using the same ? )
It is 15 years ago , and we meet a 12 year - old Hal who is talking to his father , Martin Jordan , a test pilot for Ferris Air .
We then meet 12 year - old Carol Ferris who has a mouthful of braces .
During an air show , Martin Jordan 's plane explodes and Martin flies the jet away from the crowd and it explodes .
It is today and we then switch to outer space , and Abin Sur is in a space ship returning the body of Markot who had been slaughtered " in the service of protecting his sector . "
Sur is discussing the death with Tomar - Re and it is raveled that three Lanterns had been " slaughtered before him [ Markot ] . "
But as Abin Sur flies the ship , he is attacked by Legion .
Legion , in the script is described as being " the size of a whale with tentacles of an octopus and a shark 's killer grin . "
- Continued After LEGION -
Here is how Legion appears in the " Emerald Dawn 2 " comic :
LEGION
EMERALD DAWN 2
LEGION
- END LEGION -
HAL JORDAN
Wounded in battle , Abin Sur , flies the ship towards Earth .
As Carol Ferris is waiting to show off Ferris Air 's latest project , three pilot - less jets , that will go up against three piloted jets , with Hal Jordan being one of the pilots .
Carol is hoping to sell the pilot - less jets to the United States government so , various senators and generals are on scene .
But Hal Jordan is late because he is bed with a beautiful blond .
But then the blond 's boyfriend shows up and Hal is off .
As Hal arrives and banters with Carol , we learned Hal and Carol apparently had sex after Junior Prom , however , Hal promises to be the pilot - less jet .
While in the air , the pilot - less jets take out the other two piloted jets , but Hal performs a risky maneuver that will leave him unconscious and he ends up beating the three pilot - less jets .
Hal lands the jet , banters with Carol and is grounded for his actions .
As this happens , Abin Sur 's ship falls to Earth and the ring is sent out to find Hal .
We then switch to a scene between Hal and his family .
It then switches to outer space and we meet Sinestro and Tomar - Re for the first time .
Sinestro hears of Abin Sur 's death and screams at the Guardians for doing nothing about their death .
We then go back to Hal , as he climbs into his Mustang , Hal is surrounded by a green energy and flies to where Abin Sur is told , basically , " You are a Green Lantern ! "
Hal meets up with Abin Sur , and dies .
Hal calls his friend Tom Kalmaku ( aka Pie- face ) to come and pick him up .
Hal buries Abin Sur and Tom promises to bring the ship back to his place .
Later , we see Hazmat and government troopers combing the area of Abin Sur 's ship , and we meet Mr. Pipe who is searching for Abin Sur 's spaceship , but find nothing .
This leads us to FBI headquarters where we meet Dr. Hector Hammond , who is performing an autopsy on a murdered crystal - meth dealer .
Hector is brought in to perform an autopsy on Abin Sur .
GREEN LANTERN
Pipe claims Abin Sur was a friend .
As Hammond autopsies Abin Sur , he finds a yellow piece of Legion .
It continues to switch scenes with Hal holding up the ring that reveals the Green Lantern oath .
As he recites it , the golden light from the piece Legion begins to mess with Hector Hammond .
After this , Carol comes to Hal 's apartment and takes him out to dinner .
While out to dinner , they have lobsters and Hal 's ring comes to life and creates a hammer and cracks open her lobster .
Hal races from the restaurant out into a lobby where he meets the blond 's boyfriend and his pals .
They beat up Hal , but he creates a giant hand and punches them out .
Hal begins figuring out to use the ring .
We switch back to Hector Hammond who wakes up and finds himself reading people 's minds .
He finds he can move things with his mind and he begins to menace his pretty assistant and his boss .
Back on Oa , Hal arrives and meets Sinestro and he trains .
In this time , Sinestro asks the Guardians to weld a golden light against Legion , because the green light had no effect on Legion .
Hal sees the footage of Legion and says , " I am out of here ! "
He flies back to Earth as the rest of the Corps ready for battle with Legion .
We switch back to a West Virginia farmland where Hector Hammond is practicing his new powers with his boss .
Hal arrives back on Earth , as the Green Lantern Corps goes to war with Legion .
Ferris
Air holds another air show , and this time Hector Hammond 's father , a senator and former astronaut , agrees to fly to the thrill of the gathered crowd .
Hector is in the crowd watching and he uses his mind games to screw with his father 's controls .
GREEN LANTERN
Hal changes into his Green Lantern uniform and saves the day .
Green Lantern meets Carol and Hector 's head begins to transform .
Hal decides to use his powers for good , and Hector begins to develop his own powers more and more .
Hal , in his Green Lantern uniform , takes a moment to talk with Carol .
Hector begins to use his powers to rob banks and appears dressed like a million bucks at a huge event that is being attended by many of Washington , D.C. 's elites and makes an obnoxious impression .
He then attacks his father with his mind , but Pipe shows up with a gun trying to regain control of the situation .
But the guns fire and Hector forces the bullets into his dad .
Hal hears about the incident with Hector and he flies off .
Hector and Hal fight it out , and Hector 's head gets bigger and bigger .
Hector then reveals he knows
Hal 's real identity , and he ends up using Hal to kill eight people .
Upset , Hal returns to Oa and encounters Sinestro .
Sinestro explains what Legion is via the Book of Oa. Sinestro explains that 33 Lanterns were killed in the raid against Legion , but Legion was captured .
Hal asks Sinestro for help in taking out Hector .
However , the Guardians tell Hal he needs to finish his training , but Hal said there is no time .
He then returns the ring and walks off .
Legion breaks out of his cell and begins to take out other Lanterns as Hal looks on with horror .
Hal then picks up the rings of all the dead Lanterns and he flies after Legion with ten rings .
Hal and Sinestro fight it out with Legion and Hal uses the Central Power Battery to destroy Legion .
After the explosion , Hal falls to the ground and stands up with gray on his temples .
Sinestro asks the rest of the Lanterns to suit up and fly to Earth and assist Hal against Hammond .
Switching back to Earth , Carol discovers a hangar housing Abin Sur 's old ship and Hector arrives at Ferris Air looking for Hal .
He is in a wheelchair and his head is huge now .
Hector sends out the previously mentioned pilot - less jets to destroy Coast City .
The rest of the Lanterns arrive and fight it out with the jets and save the day .
Hal confronts Hector and offers him the Power Ring in exchange for Carol .
Carol is launched into the sky and Hector takes the ring and creates Legion .
The ring reacts to Hector and explodes sending him back into his chair .
GREEN LANTERN
As Carol flies off , Hal 's ring is out of power , so he gets into an F - 16 to catch Carol .
Before Carol can hit a cliff , Hal hits the ejector button and grabs Carol .
The ring comes back online , somehow , and he turns back into Green Lantern and both he and Carol kiss .
Later , the President of the United States announces that General Pipe , or Alan Scott as he is revealed , says that for years , he has known about aliens and the Corps .
Later Scott talks to Jordan and he admits he wore a ring and was able to contact Abin Sur .
The movie ends with seeing Hector in a facility .
Scott then urges Jordan to see the Universe , and Jordan agrees .
Jordan then bids farewell to Carol and Tom .
He takes off into the sky and meets up with Sinestro and agrees to be trained and the movie ends .
Additonal concept art :
Green Lantern is set to debut in theatres June 11 , 2011
MORE : Sony Pictures Imageworks as the lead visual effects studio on Green Lantern
VAIL —
It ’s just after 4 a.m. and light flakes are still falling , promising potentially soft turns — finally — on Vail Mountain .
Steve Semrow , halfway through his lonely shift at Vail Resorts , directs on - mountain cameras toward the snow stakes tucked into quiet corners of his company ’s ski hills .
A little more than 3 inches has fallen at Vail , Beaver Creek and Breckenridge .
Keystone , meanwhile , has less than a half inch , which qualifies as the teasing “ trace . ”
That ’s not great news , but it is n’t bad either .
The marketing machine can rev up now with pictures of fresh snow and begin delivering the message that has long been the backbone of Colorado ’s $ 4 billion ski industry .
“ The snow message is absolutely as important as it has ever been for us , ” said Vail Mountain ’s senior vice president and chief operating officer , Chris Jarnot .
What has changed is that everyone with a mobile phone can be a snow reporter — and everyone with a mobile phone or computer can be the instant recipient of the latest snow news .
Not even a year ago , resorts ’ hopes hinged on snow during televised Broncos games .
Resorts issued snowfall totals a day after the snow fell .
They bought powdery ads in magazines six months before the season began .
The idea was that resort reservation desks were inundated with calls when football stadiums were frosted white , and last year ’s photos of untrammeled snow were good enough .
But by 5 a.m. this frosty Christmas week morning , the news of new snow was posted on websites for Vail , Beaver Creek , Breckenridge and Keystone , the four resorts that host more than a third of Colorado ’s roughly 12 million annual skier visits .
It was waiting in the inboxes of thousands of skiers .
Newspapers , radio and TV stations had it ready for morning reports .
Copper Mountain and Sunlight have eliminated the middlemen like Semrow — allowing Web surfers to check the snow themselves via webcam .
“ Now we see that blip ( of vacation interest and bookings ) as soon as the first flake flies , ” Jarnot said .
Vail Resorts held back about 80 percent of its multimillion - dollar winter marketing campaign by skipping the traditional one - page ads in national magazines like Outside , Men ’s Health and Conde Nast Traveler .
Instead , the company joined the social - networking revolution and now e-pitches its powder .
The company took the money it would have spent on those pricey magazine ads and kept it for up - to - date campaigns issued through e-mail , newspapers , search - engine display ads and online banners .
It ’s a plan that works with skiers ’ changing habits :
Where they once booked holidays months in advance , today they are increasingly apt to book the week before .
“ We have the arsenal to make the blitz , ” Vail Resorts chief executive Rob Katz told a forum of cable executives in Denver in October .
“ And ultimately , it ’s a bit of a waiting game to guess when the customers are making their decision . ”
One of the best tools for guessing when skiers will pull the trigger on a holiday is snowfall .
Not that every ski vacationer loves powder , says the marketing team .
“ We still get calls from people worried about too much powder , ” said Vail ski area spokeswoman Liz Biebl .
Still , everyone loves at least enough snow to cover the rocks .
Resorts like to open all their skiable terrain .
Neither has happened yet this season in the state ’s central Rockies , making the powder pitch something of a challenge .
Even the southern ski areas — where snowfall in the early season has been abundant — rely on snowy reports from the big resorts like Vail and Aspen .
“ We have been open 100 percent since the beginning of the season , but it ’s not until Vail and Telluride post double - digit dumps that people actually believe it ’s as good as it is , ” said Aaron Brill , owner of Silverton Mountain , where a 50 - inch base ranks second - deepest in the state .
“ Vail ’s snow message is almost as important to us as it is for them , unfortunately . ”
Photographer Jack Affleck has worked for 20 years shooting skiers plundering powder for Vail Resorts .
His team of a dozen “ snow message ” photographers and videographers springs into action at all four Vail Resorts hills whenever depths reach 6 or so inches .
He loads the chairlift with his star skiers at 7:10 a.m. and has a few favorite locations to shoot athletes in hard - charging turns with powder flying overhead .
When he started in the late ’ 80s , Affleck would race down the hill , develop and scan his film , and the images would be in New York and Chicago by 3 p.m. to make news deadlines .
Today , he snaps quick shots with his camera phone and posts to Twitter as early as 7:15 a.m.
Video and high - quality shots are transmitted an hour later , arriving on skier phones before the lifts start turning .
By midmorning , the world is awash in Colorado ’s powder .
Or that ’s the idea .
“ That has n’t happened too much this season , ” Affleck said .
“ We have this game plan like a military operation , and it just has n’t come . ”
Jason Blevins : 303-954-1374 or jblevins@denverpost.com
Even with that extra step , though , I 'm finding Dragon to be a much faster , more efficient way to spit out e-mail messages , notes , text messages and Twitter updates .
It 's really , really cool .
If you look at the reviews for this app on the iTunes store , though , you 'll be astonished -- there are over 1,000 one - star reviews !
What 's going on ?
They 're not judging the app on its design or effectiveness , that 's for sure .
Instead , people are freaked out by that " your audio is converted by Nuance 's servers " part .
They think this is a privacy violation .
They fear that someone at Nuance might listen in to the audio .
( Nuance says nope , it 's just a bunch of computers , maintained in a secure facility , and the audio and transcriptions are not saved . )
They 're also alarmed by the welcome screen 's note that the names in your address book are uploaded to Nuance , too .
Eeks !
Nuance will know the names of the people we know !
OK , first of all , this business of your audio being sent to Nuance for transcription rings a very familiar bell .
Remember the Gmail brouhaha ?
When Gmail debuted , it offered a fantastic e-mail account , paid for by small text ads on the side whose subjects are matched to the e-mail contents .
At the time , everyone was hysterical about the supposed privacy violation : Google will be reading my e-mail !
Of course , no humans were looking at your e-mail .
It was just a bunch of servers analyzing keywords .
Today , everybody 's forgotten all about it .
But now the issue rises again with Dragon Dictation .
As for the names in your Contacts : they 're sent to Nuance so that the app will recognize the names when you dictate them .
No other information ( phone numbers , e-mail , addresses , etc. ) is transmitted .
The more I think about the Lunar One - Way - to - Stay concept , the more intriguing it is .
Fundamentally , it ’s one of the only ways with existing transportation systems to get the cost of early lunar experimentation anywhere near low - enough to be useful and interesting .
Ultimately , for thriving two - way cislunar commerce , you need tugs , and depots , and high - flightrate RLVs .
But this approach might allow you to work the problem from both ends .
As far as implementing this idea , the technology is n’t the hard part .
Technologically , this is something that could ’ve been done in the 70s .
Modern technology and modern launch services make it a whole lot easier and more feasible , but the technology is n’t the key obstacle .
Money is and always has been the biggest obstacle .
But I think I have an idea , and it ’s just crazy enough that I want to share it .
Any business plan whose first step is “ first we convince a billionaire to give us lots of money ” usually deserves to be laughed off the stage .
But this is n’t a business plan competition entry , or some pitch before VCs that I ’m demanding to be taken seriously , so I ’m going to suggest just that .
Even with a wealthy philantrocapitalist , I think you ’d still want a concept that both gives you a reasonable chance of making the money back if things go well as well as minimizing your losses if it does n’t work out .
Anyhow , this is a bit of a long - shot , and definitely not fully - baked , but here ’s what I have so far .
The business case revolves around a few core concepts :
A privately developed simple lander and an ITAR approved method for launching it on both US and domestic launchers .
Using barter with various space agencies with domestic medium - lift vehicles to provide both the startup launches and the sustaining launches
Making revenue off of selling remaining space to corporations , research institutions , and smaller countries that are interested in lunar experiments , but lack indigenous launch capabilities
Possibly offsetting initial lander development by selling rover delivery services to NASA or other large space agencies .
Some of these sound a bit crazy , so why do n’t I explain them in turn .
Private Landers
The key technology piece in the project is obviously the lander .
As discussed before , I ’m thinking of something in the 10 - 20 klb IMLEO range , with a payload in the 4 - 6 k lb range .
The propellant combination for the lander does n’t hugely matter .
It could use storables like Martijn likes , it could use space storables like LOX / Methane or LOX / Propane .
Heck , it could even use LOX / LH2 .
While the state of the VTVL industry is n’t quite mature enough where you could just order one of these custom and have it delivered to your launch pad 6 months ARO , a lander in these capability ranges is n’t a huge stretch for the commercial space industry , especially if they can partner wisely with some of the more traditional space companies or work with NASA via Space Acts .
DC - X was actually a much bigger , probably more complicated system , and was done by a traditional aerospace company for around $ 100 M in current dollars .
A bare - bones lander , developed leveraging the emerging capabilities in the entrepreneurial community could probably be fielded for less than that .
Possibly in the $ 50 M range .
You do n’t need to push too hard on mass fractions or engine performance ( you need to push a bit , but it is n’t as weight critical as some of the Apollo LM systems ) , and the technology is a lot more mature than it was in the 60s .
An important part of this process is not just developing the lander , but also working from the start with ITAR to make sure a process is in place that will allow you to launch on as many international launch vehicles as is feasible .
This may not be fun , but is probably doable with appropriate precautions .
International Horse - Trading
Most space agencies prefer to spend money within their own borders , and interact with other agencies on a barter basis as much as possible .
While this can sometimes lead to suboptimal solutions , it might just work in this situation .
On the launch side , the barter would go something like this –the private entity would provide a lander , all lander ops , and physical launch integration work , and the space agency ( NASA , ESA , RSA , JAXA , ISRO , or CNSA ) would provide the lifter and upper stage for the mission .
The launching country would get a certain share of the lander ’s cargo space for their own experiments , a certain portion would be reserved for consumables and spare parts , and the remainder would be owned by the private entity to resell to other countries without launch capabilities ( say a 40/40/20 split ) .
In addition to transportation of the space hardware , the launching country would also get a share of the astronaut ’s time on the surface .
So basically you ’re providing them with transportation and manned experimentation on the lunar surface in exchange for them providing a launch done by their own people .
If one of the countries is willing to take some additional risks , they could even “ buy ” one of the two initial astronaut slots , in exchange say for a commitment to a certain higher share of the logistics launches per year .
In exchange they ’d get both the prestige of having one of the initial lunar crew , as well as a higher share in the available time .
Over time , as the risk decreases , the initial crew could also be expanded ( once again on barter terms that would have the agency in question shouldering a larger share of the required launches ) .
It should be mentioned how crazy of a bargain this really is for them in comparison to the typical lunar mission approach .
Look at Constellation .
It will be a lot more capable , but ultimately , somewhere around $ 10B / yr ( and about $ 150B up - front ) , you get 4 - person years / yr ( 2 x 4 - man crew rotations ) and about 75 klb of cargo ( 2 x 17 mT landings ) on the moon once you have a base setup .
Calling it a 60/40 split on costs ( for manned vs cargo flights ) , that comes out to $ 1.5B per person - year , and about $ 53k/ lb on the lunar surface –ignoring development costs .
With a program like this , say you gave a country 1 / 4 of a man - year per launch , and about 1800lb , at a cost to them of call it a $ 200 M launcher plus extra upper stage for the transfer .
Splitting that $ 200 M the same way ( 60/40 ) , that gives you $ 480 M per person year , and about $ 45 k / lb on the surface .
You do n’t save a huge amount per pound of cargo on the surface , but your cost per person hour is about 1 / 4 as much ( which is once again not too surprising –you ’re not rotating crews , and not having to carry enough propellant to get them home –which takes about 4 x as much mass per mission compared to a one - way manned landing ) .
And you do n’t have to spend tens of billions up - front , and you can buy your lunar program “ by - the - slice ” .
Paying for an extra launch every year ( and some lunar systems costs ) is well within the budget capabilities of many of these agencies .
While they might not be willing to take the risk of flying their own astronauts , or of “ owning ” the program , they are a lot more likely to be interested in a program like this , where someone else is shouldering the key risks , and they ’re just getting a cheap deal .
Even if they have their own lunar ambitions down the road , using a service like this would allow them to drastically reduce their technological risk moving forward , and might allow them to get a lot more benefit out of their investment when they eventually get that capability themselves .
“ Sovereign Customers ”
One of the key markets Bigelow is looking at for his inflatable space habitats is providing smaller countries with a way to participate in space for much cheaper than trying to do everything in - house themselves .
By lowering the cost to participate , it makes it a lot more feasible for smaller countries , and even some corporations or research institutions to participate .
This may be a country like South Korea wanting to send a rover that can get maintained by the astronauts over time .
It may be a country wanting to do its own sample return mission –with the ability to have a human on the ground helping to presort / preprocess samples to maximize the bang for the buck .
It could be a company like Catepillar that wants to get involved in lunar surface systems for future exploration programs sending a bunch of bearing concepts to test exposed to the lunar environment .
It could be some small startup that has a crazy idea for lunar dust mitigation that it wants to try selling to future government programs , but needs testing and debugging first .
There are many possibilities .
The key here is that since the launch is already paid for , the private entity running all this can price the payloads however makes the most sense .
You do need to cover lander costs , ground - ops costs , and the time of the scientists , but it might be possible to offer these slots at a price that is lower than they could buy commercially to try and stimulate demand , or if there is enough demand already you could price it high enough to make a decent profit .
If there ’s enough demand , you might even be able to justify paying for an additional “ purely commercial ” flight or two per year .
You would want to save up some of the money to cover contingencies –like if something breaks down and you have to fly an emergency resupply flight on short notice , or if you decide for one reason or another to throw - in - the - towel after a few years , you can send enough propellant to get the settlers home .
But depending on the interest level , this could easily be a business that has revenues in the low hundreds of millions per year .
Minimizing the Initial Risk
One additional market for the lander , and one that could allow the initial investment to be recovered a lot faster , would be to see if you could sell it to one of the space agencies for landing a rover or some other scientific package .
The key here is that the lander is getting developed , on the philantrocapitalist ’s own dime regardless of if he can presell any lander slots .
This makes it easier to sell it as a commercially available service instead of a government funded development program .
Using a light Atlas vehicle for instance ( maybe with one or two strapons ) you could probably short - load the vehicle enough to put a couple hundred pounds of useable payload onto the lunar surface .
For a bundled price of say $ 200 - 250 M for the launcher and lander , it would still be a steal transportation - wise for your customer , but could possibly pay off the initial costs of the project in one shot , even before the initial landings .
The good news is that while its great if you can presell the landers for other applications , it is n’t the end of the world if you can’t .
One other way of minimizing the downside may be to see if you can prearrange the initial several launches .
If you can line up enough international partners , it may be possible to get the initial setup done without having to actually buy any of the launches yourself .
You ’d still have to pay for the landers , but this way your total capital at risk for the startup is only the cost of 3 - 4 landers .
Anyhow , comments ?
thoughts ?
attempts to send nice young men in their clean white jackets to cart a certain space blogger away ?
At Gatti , Keltner , Bienvenu & Montesi , PLC , our personal injury lawyers fight for what ’s right !
When you get hurt , we go to work to get you the money you deserve .
Whether you ’re hurt on the job or in a car or truck accident , we ’re the firm that can help you get paid .
We take care of you through the whole process , from the very first time you give us a call .
We have helped thousands of injured people in western Tennessee and the surrounding Arkansas and Mississippi areas get every last dollar that they deserve .
In fact , all we do at our firm is fight to get money for people who have been seriously injured .
Our personal injury lawyers in Memphis help people get paid when they ’re hurt in car accidents , truck accidents , slip & falls , by medical malpractice , and more .
We also help people apply for workers ’ compensation when they ’re hurt on the job and for Social Security Disability benefits if they can’t work because of their injuries .
Here we have one more photo for the “ story of one photo ” post .
As you might already recognized one
lady here is the ex-first lady of America , the wife of the assassinated president Kennedy , Jacqueline Kennedy , later
married to Greek shipping tycoon Onassis .
But who is the lady on the right ?
It can be clear seen that it is some Russia woman , in some dress many Russian older women
still are wearing nowadays when doing their household chores etc .
So maybe that ’s a meeting of the US First Lady with some working
class Russian women delegation ?
The answer is wrong .
This is not a worker lady , but a First Lady too , the Soviet First Lady of that times , Mrs. Kruschev the wife of the
Soviet leader Kruschev remarkable for his speech in the UN when he took of one of his shoes and smashed it in the tribune in order to
make his speech sound more expressive , if it was not enough yet .
He was at power during the Caribbean crisis also .
Then looking on those two it can be seen what was the real difference between two lifestyles of the two countries at that times .
It ’s hard to say
how much has been changed during the times of the Communism fall and then twenty years of current Russia as we know it .
It ’s clear
that nowadays the Russian First Lady would never wear something like this , at least when going public , but it ’s totally not clear if that ’s good
sign or bad sign .
As commenter Town Mouse pointed out in a recent post , however pretty Meryl Streep ’s kitchen garden is in It ’s Complicated , it surely does not compare to the exceptionally beautiful imaginary landscape in the Christmas blockbuster Avatar .
I saw Avatar as nature intended , in a mall between Christmas and New Year ’s with three kids who ’d been out of school a full week and were growing bored with their leisure .
We were all transported by the movie–me by otherworldly fungi that shrink to the touch , natives who swim in phosphorescent water filled with giant waterlilies , phosphorescent plants that light the night , and trees dangling organic fiber optic lines that connect the natives to the spirit world .
Not to mention the loads of vibrant purple everywhere , just as in any well - designed garden .
We know Avatar director James Cameron understands how to make a
really fun Hollywood movie .
We know he loves powerful women , having
apparently married a bunch of them and making the fearless babe with
muscled arms a regular feature in his films .
But is he also a guy with
a feeling for plants ?
The official trailer will only give you the smallest taste of how beautiful this CGI world is :
A New Yorker profile of Cameron suggests that this landscape was inspired by undersea landscapes : Cameron loves to scuba dive .
If Jim Cameron is n’t really plant obsessed , he at least listens to people like mycologist Paul Stamets .
At one point in the movie , Sigourney Weaver excitedly describes the amazing communications network running between all the trees on the alien planet and says their connections outnumber the connections in the human brain .
Here is Stamets in his weird and wonderful book Mycelium Running : How Mushrooms Can Help
Save the World on the subject of mycelia , the underground network of fungal threads whose fruiting bodies are mushrooms :
I believe that mycelium is the neurological network of nature .
Interlacing mosaics of mycelium infuse habitats with information - sharing membranes .
These membranes are aware , react to change , and collectively have the long - term health of the host environment in mind .
Stamets believes we may someday be able to communicate with these all - touching , all - knowing mycelia , the same way that the aliens in Avatar connect with the life force of their planet through a sacred tree .
Anyway , an action movie with a strong feeling for nature .
How unlikely is that ?
In line with the policy , BA cabin crew patrol the aisles before take - off checking that youngsters traveling on their own or in a different row from their parents are not next to a male stranger .
If they find a man next to a child or teenager they will ask him to move to a different seat .
The aircraft will not take off unless the passenger obeys .
Mr Fischer , a 33 - year - old hedge fund manager , became aware of the policy while he was flying from Gatwick with his wife Stephanie , 30 .
His wife , who was six months pregnant , had booked a window seat which she thought would be more spacious .
Mr Fischer was in the middle seat between her and a 12 - year - old boy .
Shortly after all passengers had sat down , having stowed their bags in the overhead lockers , a male steward asked Mr Fischer to change his seat .
Mr Fischer refused , explaining that his wife was pregnant , at which point the steward raised his voice , causing several passengers to turn round in alarm .
He warned that the aircraft could not take off unless Mr Fischer obeyed .
Mr Fischer eventually moved seats but felt so humiliated by his treatment that he is taking the airline to court on the grounds of sex discrimination - He is paying all his own legal .
Source :
December 17 , 2009 17:10 IST
W ith officials holding out little hopes for a comprehensive climate deal , India on Thursday said a handful of developed countries led by British Premier Gordon Brown were working out a surprise political text .
Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh said these leaders were reluctant to reveal anything and that was ' most baffling ' and ' mischievous ' .
He said no developing country was involved in the drafting of the text and there is great concern that it will be sprung up as a surprise at the heads of state level talks where it is difficult to counter and oppose the contents .
He said if thrown up as a surprise text , there will be very little time to go through it and it can also be the cause of great embarrassment .
" We do n't know the context of the text .
The continued reluctance of the Danes to reveal the political outcome is most baffling , " Ramesh said .
However , most of the officials are pinning their hopes of a last minute breakthrough on heads of state and government who started pouring into the Danish capital .
" All along the objective was to delay delay and delay .
What has happened in this COP is unprecedented in global negotiations and it really is most disappointing for India and other countries .
It is wrong , it is mischievous ...
We want to be constructive , " he added .
The discussion on the two negotiated texts resumed last evening after a 12 - hour delay and the minister urged that serious negotiations take place through the day .
" I am still hopeful that during the course of the day we might be able to salvage something , " he said , but also expressed concern that the developed countries would try to block and slow down the process as much as possible .
The Minister reiterated that the industrialised nations were focused on killing the Kyoto Protocol and that it remained in the " intensive care unit " but the developing countries planned to get negotiations started on the two texts that have ' legitimacy ' in the next two - three months .
The Minister noted that India 's priority should be on its national programmes to combat climate change .
" I have been stating for months we need a domestic agenda to combat climate change ... This is one lesson we can learn from China but takes strong domestic mitigation also , " he said .
The Minister pointed out that a positive outcome was that " solidarity between BASIC countries had become a reality " but the " blame game would soon be underway " .
" We are aware that the Western countries propaganda to hold developing countries responsible .
We have gone out of our way to bring negotiations back on track , " Ramesh said .
" The way the negotiations are gone the entire process is flawed and the trust deficit has accumulated .
No sincere effort has been made by Denmark to reduce the deficit , " he added .
Citizens of Shanghai are aghast at the collapse of a major new bridge , pictured , which was revealed to be constructed partially out of rubbish instead of concrete .
The bridge , spanning the Wusong River in central Shanghai , was completed in 2009 and replaced a century old bridge with a more modern design .
However , after only a short period in operation the bridge began to collapse , with investigators finding such sturdy construction materials as bags of rubbish , Styrofoam , scrap wood and waste plastic used in the structure in place of reinforced concrete .
Sadly , such cases of outrageous workmanship are all too common in China , which may find many of its rapidly rising skylines are none too sturdily constructed …
The United States is losing ground to its major competitors in the global marketplace , according to the 2010 Index of Economic Freedom released today by the Heritage Foundation and The Wall Street Journal .
This year , of the world 's 20 largest economies , the U.S. suffered the largest drop in overall economic freedom .
Its score declined to 78 from 80.7 on the 0 to 100 Index scale .
The U.S. lost ground on many fronts .
Scores declined in seven of the 10 categories of economic freedom .
Losses were particularly ...
Twenty years after the Exxon Valdez supertanker spilled nearly 11 million gallons of crude oil into Prince William Sound in southern Alaska , everything is pristine and natural again , right ?
Not exactly .
A study in 2004 estimated that perhaps 25,000 gallons of oil remained along the sound ’s gravel beaches and was degrading very slowly .
So that raised a question for researchers :
Why , despite one of the largest environmental cleanups in history , has some oil persisted ?
Michel C. Boufadel , an environmental engineer at Temple University , and a colleague , Hailong Li , have provided an answer .
In a paper in Nature Geoscience , they report that the oil has become trapped in a zone of low permeability below the beach surface .
“ We could only answer this question by understanding the movement of water within these beaches , ” Dr. Boufadel said .
by
If you ’re anything like me , you ’ve gotten a late start on your holiday shopping .
In an attempt to help you avoid the crowded malls and shops , wandering around searching for gifts , I ’ve come up with three gifts that would be great for any interested in getting the best fuel economy out of their vehicle .
ScanGauge II – This 3 - in - 1 compact multifunction vehicle computer with customizable display will show you your real - time gas mileage and cost per mile , in addition to acting as a diagnostic scan tool .
This devise works on all 1996 or newer OCDII vehicles , requires no special tools for installation , and fits pretty much anywhere in the vehicle .
So , if you or someone you know is interested in testing out different ways to increase your gas mileage , this gift would be perfect !
Garmin Nuvi with Traffic Updates –
The average driver could cut their carbon footprint by 21 % and reduce their annual commute by four days by using a GPS with real - time traffic updates .
This particular Garmin Nuvi 780 model has a 4.3 inch display , gives turn - by - turn directions and has the option to receive traffic updates from MSN .Â
And the best part ?
Â
It ’s currently priced at 75 % off !
The Gas Mileage Bible – As if the tips on Daily Fuel Economy Tip were n’t enough , this book will provide driving and car maintenance tips that could help to increase your vehicle ’s gas mileage by up to 30 % , with very little effort on your part .
Obviously , this is n’t an all inclusive list , but if you ’re looking for great last minute gifts , any of these will be sure to bring a smile to any fuel economy enthusiast ’s face !
What are your thoughts ?
Â
If you ’re a gas mileage enthusiast , what do you want for the holidays ?
Â
If you ’re giving gifts to a fuel economy freak , what are you planning on giving ?
Per the new FTC regulations , the above links are affiliate links , and I will receive a small commission should you purchase any items after clicking the link (s ) .
In a typical web application the most frequently occurring task is to get parameters from a request .
Perl community and popular frameworks have been having two interfaces to this : param ( ) and parameters ( ) .
And there 's a few issues .
param ( )
Good old CGI. pm has a convenient param ( ) method , which behaves differently based on a context :
my $q = CGI -> new ; my @keys = $ q - > param ( ) ; # get the list of param names my $ name = $ q - > param ( ' name ' ) ; # scalar context : always get single my @names = $ q - > param ( ' name ' ) ; # list context : get multiple ( if any )
This is quite nice , since your code says how you want values by explicitly stating the context ( whether a scalar context or a list context ) .
The only place it bites is that there are cases where you accidentally force a list context , such as when assigning it to a hash or pass to a method call :
my $ vars = { name => $ q - > param ( ' name ' ) , # Oops , it 's a list context !
email => scalar $ q - > param ( ' email ' ) , # this is correct } ;
This code quite does n't work if there are multiple ( and even number of ) name parameters , or even worse , injects some unintentional parameters to $vars that could be seriously dangerous if you inject that to an internal utilities or databases .
So , param ( ) is quite nice but only if you are really careful for this list context gotcha .
parameters ( )
Catalyst has added parameters ( ) to its Catalyst :: Request object and it allows you to get values in an array ref if there are multiple .
my $ form = $ c ->request -> parameters ; # ? a=b&b=c # $ form = { a => ' b ' , b => ' c' } # ?a=b&a=c&b=c # $ form = { a => [ ' b ' , ' c' ] , b => ' c ' } ;
This might look intuitive but wait a minute .
The data structure gets different per user input rather than how you code it , and that sucks .
This means you have to always check if the value is an array ref or not , since :
my $v = $ c - > request -> parameters ; my $ query = $ v->{query} ; my @names = @{$v->{name}} ;
$ query might become ARRAY ( 0 xabcdef ) if there are multiple query= parameters in the query .
@names line might cause Ca n't use string as an ARRAY ref error if there 's only one ( or zero ) name parameter .
This causes horrible issues when using standard HTML elements like option or checkbox forms , or tools like jQuery 's serialize ( ) .
The correct way to write that would be :
my $v = $ c - > request -> parameters ; my $ query = ref $v->{query} eq ' ARRAY ' ?
$ v->{query} ->[ 0 ] : $ v->{query} ; my @names = ref $v-> {name} eq ' ARRAY ' ?
@{$v->{name}} : ( $ v -> {name} ) ;
and it is tedious and gross .
Rack :: Request
Let 's see how other languages try to solve this problem .
First , Rack :: Request .
Rack :: Request has params method which always returns a Hash object .
They have their own rule for multiple values .
If there are multiple values for the same key ( like foo ) , the value is always the last value .
By naming the key in a special way , like foo [ ] , you can state that " This key might have multiple values " , and req.params [ ' foo ' ] would return Array instead of the String value .
Although it kind of hurts that you have to force this behavior in the low level library like Rack , but I think this is a good middle ground , since you can name your parameters in your templates and the request handler code to specify whether you want an Array or a String .
This technique has been actually ported to Perl as modules like Catalyst : : Plugin : : Params :: Nested
WebOb.py
WebOb is a Python paste library to handle WSGI request parameters and such and is used in Python frameworks such as Pylons .
WebOb document explicitly talks about this may - or - may - not - be - multiple params problem very clearly :
Several parts of WebOb use a “ multidict ” ; this is a dictionary where a key can have multiple values .
The quintessential example is a query string like ?
pref=red &pref=blue ; the pref variable has two values : red and blue .
In a multidict , when you do request .
GET [ ' pref ' ] you ’ll get back only ' blue ' ( the last value of pref ) .
Sometimes returning a string , and sometimes returning a list , is the cause of frequent exceptions .
If you want all the values back , use request .
GET.getall ( ' pref ' ) .
If you want to be sure there is one and only one value , use request .
GET.getone ( ' pref ' ) , which will raise an exception if there is zero or more than one value for pref .
and I like it .
It does the right thing if you handle as a normal hash but provides a method like getall to explicitly demand list instead of a string .
Hash :: MultiValue
So , I was thinking of stealing this idea for our Plack : : Request which currently inherits this sucky parameters ( ) from HTTP :: Engine and then Catalyst :: Request , which most of the Plack gang agree is a bad idea .
Last night I was sketching the initial implementation of WebOb's MultiDict into Perl : Hash : : MultiValue .
It uses tie to behave like a normal hash with a single entry , but with an API to get multiple values if you want :
use Hash :: MultiValue ; my $ hash = Hash :: MultiValue -> new ( foo => ' a ' , foo => ' b ' , bar => ' baz ' , ) ; # $ hash is an object , but can be used as a hashref and DWIMs !
my $ a = $ hash -> { foo} ; # ' b ' ( the last entry ) my @k = keys % $ hash ; # ( ' foo ' , ' bar ' ) not guaranteed to be ordered
You can use the object just like a normal hash reference , and the value always returns the last element ( if there are multiple ) .
And you can also use the OO API call on the object to get multiple values , just like WebOb's MultiDict :
my $ foo = $ hash - > get ( ' foo ' ) ; # always single ( regardless of context ) my @bar = $ hash - > get_all ( ' bar ' ) ; # always multi my @keys = $ hash -> keys ; # Ordered keys
You should always use this get_all if you want multiple values .
Being explicit is a good thing , right ?
There is also no list context gotcha like you see with CGI. pm style param ( ) .
Performance concern
There is a benchmark script attached because it used to do some tie / overload stuff which should definitely affect the performance .
UPDATE : this module does not use tie nor overload anymore , but uses inside - out object approach , thank to Michael Peters and Aristotle for the suggestion !
The post content is updated appropriately .
With my quick test , the inside - out object based approarch , in a typical web request where there 's only a few ( ~10 ) keys the performance is like 21,000 QPS ( Hash : : MultiValue ) vs 32,000 QPS ( normal hash ) .
So , it is just like 80 % of the overhead .
Whether this would become a critical overhead depends how fast your web application is :
Plack standalone server runs like 1500 QPS and most framework gives an overhead to make it 500 QPS or less , so I think the overhead would be eventually < 1 % of your web application , so maybe it does n't really matter .
I 'll probably spend some time soon on Plack - Request repository by creating a branch for this type of thing .
Any input would be highly welcome ;)
McGwire said he also used human growth hormone , and he did n't know if his use of performance - enhancing drugs contributed to some of the injuries that led to his retirement , at age 38 , in 2001 .
" That 's a good question , " he said .
He repeatedly expressed regret for his decision to use steroids , which he said was " foolish " and caused by his desire to overcome injuries , get back on the field and prove he was worth his multimillion - dollar salary .
" You do n't know that you 'll ever have to talk about the skeleton in your closet on a national level , " he said .
" I did this for health purposes .
There 's no way I did this for any type of strength use . "
McGwire hit a then - record 70 homers in 1998 during a compelling race with Sammy Sosa , who finished with 66 .
On Monday , McGwire called Pat Maris , the widow of Roger Maris , who had held the home run record with 61 in 1961 , and admitted taking steroids .
" I felt that I needed to do that , " McGwire told Costas .
" They 've been great supporters of mine .
She was disappointed and she has every right to be . "
Told by Costas that certain Maris family members have said that they now consider Roger Maris ' 61 the authentic home run record , McGwire responded : " They have every right to . "
Maris ' son Rich told the San Francisco Chronicle that McGwire was " pretty choked up " when he called Pat Maris .
" My mom was very touched by his call .
She felt sorry for Mark -- that he 's going through this .
She conveyed that we all make mistakes and move on from there , " Rich Maris told the newspaper .
" [ McGwire 's steroid use ] is something we thought all along .
It was n't so much a surprise , but I feel bad for Mark .
He 's a very genuine guy and we 're close to him -- we love him like a brother .
I 'm glad he got it out , " Maris told the newspaper .
But McGwire consistently asserted that he would have hit home runs without PEDs .
" There 's not a pill or an injection that 's going to give me , going to give any player the hand - eye coordination to hit a baseball , " McGwire told Costas .
More than anything else , the home run spree revitalized baseball following the crippling strike that wiped out the 1994 World Series .
Now that McGwire has come clean , increased glare might fall on Sosa , who has denied using performing - enhancing drugs .
McGwire did not name specific drugs that he took .
" The names I do n't remember , but I did injectables , " McGwire told Costas .
" I preferred the orals .
The steroids I took were on a very low dosage . "
McGwire said that he did n't want to bulk up .
" I took very low dosages because I wanted my body to feel normal , " he said .
McGwire admitted that a shadow hangs over his time in baseball , however .
" I wish I had never played during the steroid era , " he said to the AP .
McGwire 's decision to admit using steroids was prompted by his decision to become hitting coach of the St. Louis Cardinals , his final big league team .
La Russa , McGwire 's manager in Oakland and St. Louis , has been among McGwire 's biggest supporters and believes returning to the field can restore the former slugger 's reputation .
" He found out this morning , " McGwire told Costas of La Russa .
" He 's like talking to my dad .
I 've let a lot of people down . "
La Russa told ESPN that his feelings have n't changed about McGwire 's joining the team as hitting coach .
" I never knew when , but I always knew this day would come , " McGwire said .
" It 's time for me to talk about the past and to confirm what people have suspected . "
McGwire knew that his hiring would create a firestorm .
" I was the one who went to the Cardinals and said , ' We have to do something about this .
I have to come clean , ' " he told Costas .
McGwire , who is eighth on the all - time home run list with 583 homers , was not elected into the Hall of Fame in his fourth year of eligibility .
In voting that was announced on Jan. 6 , he received 128 votes ( 23.7 percent ) in the balloting , 10 more than last year and matching the total from his first two times on the ballot .
Asked by Costas if he would vote for himself , McGwire said : " If I had a Hall of Fame vote ?
I 'd leave it up to you guys .
I 'll leave it up to the writers . "
Indians Hall of Famer pitcher Bob Feller , 91 , does n't believe McGwire 's admission will help him much with voters .
" It 'll help him some , but not very much , " Feller told Willie Weinbaum of the ESPN Enterprise Unit .
" I would n't vote for him and I do n't think he 'll get into the Hall of Fame in my lifetime . "
McGwire became the second major baseball star in less than a year to admit using illegal steroids , following the New York Yankees ' Alex Rodriguez last February .
Others have been tainted but have denied knowingly using illegal substances , including Barry Bonds , Roger Clemens and David Ortiz .
" I do n't think any of the steroid boys will be in the Hall of Fame for 25 , 30 years , " Feller said .
" I think Clemens has been lying through his teeth .
In my opinion , Bonds did take steroids . "
Bonds has been indicted on charges he made false statements to a federal grand jury and obstructed justice .
Clemens is under investigation by a federal grand jury trying to determine whether he lied to a congressional committee .
" I 'm sure people will wonder if I could have hit all those home runs had I never taken steroids , " McGwire said .
" I had good years when I did n't take any , and I had bad years when I did n't take any .
I had good years when I took steroids , and I had bad years when I took steroids .
But no matter what , I should n't have done it and for that I 'm truly sorry . "
Big Mac 's reputation has been in tatters since March 17 , 2005 , when he refused to answer questions at a congressional hearing .
Instead , he repeatedly said , " I 'm not here to talk about the past , " when asked whether he took illegal steroids when he hit a then - record 70 home runs in 1998 , or at any other time .
" After all this time , I want to come clean , " he said .
" I was not in a position to do that five years ago in my congressional testimony , but now I feel an obligation to discuss this and to answer questions about it .
I 'll do that , and then I just want to help my team . "
McGwire said he wanted to tell the truth then but evaded questions at that hearing on the advice of his lawyers .
" I wanted to talk about this , " McGwire said to Costas .
" I wanted to get this off my chest .
We did n't get immunity .
So here I am in this situation with two scenarios : possible prosecution or possible grand jury testimony . "
McGwire 's lawyers , Mark Bierbower and Marty Steinberg , told him that if he made any admission , he could be charged with a crime and that he , his family and friends could be forced to testify before a grand jury .
He decided not to talk about the past .
" That was the worst 48 hours of my life , going through that , but I had to listen to the advice of my attorneys , " McGwire said .
He knew that Don Hooton , whose son had died from steroids use , was in the audience .
" Every time I 'd say , ' I 'm not going to talk about the past , ' I 'd hear moanings back there .
It was absolutely ripping my heart out , " McGwire said , his voice cracking .
" All I was worried about was protecting my family and myself .
And I was willing to take the hit . "
Bierbower told the AP in a telephone interview that he had instructed McGwire not to make any admissions before Congress .
" He also had a situation where his brother had been giving him steroids and he did n't want to create a risk for his brother , either , " Bierbower said .
In the interview with ESPN , La Russa said of McGwire 's testimony : " The one thing he did not do is lie .
And I do n't think he ever would . "
Tom Davis was the chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on March 17 , 2005 , when McGwire repeatedly testified that he would not " talk about the past . "
Davis told the AP on Monday that McGwire made clear the day before that hearing he had used steroids and wanted to say so but was worried he would face legal trouble by admitting it then .
Davis says he was turned down when he asked then - Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez to grant McGwire immunity .
Says Davis : " He was candid and honest in our interrogation of him .
He said : ' Some day , I 'll tell the story . ' "
La Russa immediately praised McGwire 's decision to go public .
" His willingness to admit mistakes , express his regret , and explain the circumstances that led him to use steroids add to my respect for him , " the manager said .
McGwire disappeared from the public eye following his retirement as a player following the 2001 season .
When the Cardinals hired the 47 - year - old as coach on Oct. 26 , they said he would address questions before spring training , and Monday 's statement broke his silence .
" I remember trying steroids very briefly in the 1989 - 1990 offseason and then after I was injured in 1993 , I used steroids again , " McGwire said in his statement .
" I used them on occasion throughout the '90s , including during the 1998 season . "
McGwire said he took steroids to get back on the field , sounding much like the Yankees ' Andy Pettitte did two years ago , when he admitted using HGH .
" During the mid-'90s , I went on the DL seven times and missed 228 games over five years , " McGwire said .
" I experienced a lot of injuries , including a ribcage strain , a torn left heel muscle , a stress fracture of the left heel , and a torn right heel muscle .
It was definitely a miserable bunch of years , and I told myself that steroids could help me recover faster .
I thought they would help me heal and prevent injuries , too . "
He said he first used steroids between the 1989 and 1990 seasons , after helping the Athletics to a World Series sweep when he and Jose Canseco formed the Bash Brothers .
" When you work out at gyms , people talk about things like that .
It was readily available , " he said .
" I tried it for a couple of weeks .
I really did n't think much of it . "
Canseco has written in his book that he injected steroids in the A's clubhouse with McGwire .
" There 's absolutely no truth to that whatsoever , " McGwire told Costas .
He said he returned to steroids after the 1993 season , when he missed all but 27 games with a mysterious heel injury , after being told steroids might speed his recovery .
" I truly believe I was given the gifts from the Man Upstairs of being a home run hitter , ever since ... birth , " McGwire said .
" My first hit as a Little Leaguer was a home run .
I mean , they still talk about the home runs I hit in high school , in Legion ball .
I led the nation in home runs in college , and then all the way up to my rookie year , 49 home runs .
" But , starting ' 93 to ' 94 , I thought it might help me , you know , where I 'd get my body feeling normal , where I was n't a walking MASH unit , " he said .
And there was the pressure of living up to his previous performance and his multimillion - dollar salary , McGwire said , adding that he was " getting paid a lot of money to try to stay up to that level . "
Feller is n't buying that McGwire 's performance was n't helped by steroids .
" I think that 's a lot of horse muffins , " he said .
" If it did n't help him any , what the hell was he taking them for ?
Of course it helped him . "
Ralph Houk , Maris ' manager with the Yankees in 1961 , told ESPN that he does not think the legitimacy of McGwire 's home run totals is changed by his admission of using performance - enhancing drugs and that the effects of such drugs -- whether pills ( amphetamines ) taken in the 1960s or steroids in later years -- are questionable .
" I think [ McGwire ] broke [ Maris ' ] record fairly , " Houk told ESPN .
" I would n't be concerned about it .
[ McGwire ] was a good hitter that deserves everything he 's got , " Houk said .
Since the congressional hearing , baseball owners and players toughened their drug program twice , increasing the penalty for a first steroids offense from 10 days to 50 games in November 2005 and strengthening the power of the independent administrator in April 2008 , following the publication of the Mitchell report .
" Baseball is really different now -- it 's been cleaned up , " McGwire said .
" The commissioner and the players ' association implemented testing and they cracked down , and I 'm glad they did . "
Victor Conte , who has been at the center of the steroid scandal as founder and president of the Bay Area Laboratory Co-operative ( BALCO ) , praised McGwire .
" I respect Mark McGwire for finally coming forward and telling the truth regarding his use of PEDs , " Conte said in an e-mail to ESPN.com .
" I believe he received bad advice when he refused to admit his drug use five years ago before Congress .
We live in a society that will forgive us for our mistakes , if we are honest and accept responsibility .
" The athletes that have admitted to their use of PEDs have been able to move on with their careers and lives .
Those who continue to lie about their drug use will remain under dark cloud .
I urge the athletes that have used drugs in the past to come clean , so that we can move on . "
Information from The Associated Press and ESPN's Willie Weinbaum was used in this report .
Right here :
A prominent Republican senator said Thursday that President Obama is seeking to spark “ class warfare ” with increasingly populist rhetoric and a series of regulatory measures aimed at Wall Street .
“ I think they think if they can create enough animosity toward Wall Street and corporate America , they get into this traditional sort of Democrat rhetoric and tap into the populist anger out there , ” Sen . John Thune , South Dakota Republican , told The Daily Caller .
“ For Democrats to be successful they ’ve got to create a sense of class warfare and an us versus them mindset . ”
They are so eager to defend Wall Street they are doing it pre-emptively .
Unemployment is at 10 % .
People are angry .
People are pissed about the bonuses and the bailout .
Even Bob Shrum could figure this out .
And , as a side note , this merely confirms what we already know - whenever the Republicans accuse someone of something , they are already doing it .
Class warfare ?
Has he watched the GOP the last twenty years ?
1 . What are the key things to consider when selecting a wood floor in Dubai for the home ?
Choosing wood flooring in Dubai for your home can be an overwhelming process .
You might seem to be certain of the flooring ’s colour , but you might still be uncertain about its design , wood species and surface finish .
We at Nordic Homeworx , therefore , will be with you throughout the whole process in order to learn your specific needs .
We will be able to recommend the type of flooring suitable for your requirements based on your personal , interior , and lifestyle preferences and concept .
Other important factors to consider are budget , natural light exposure , room shape , and joinery works such as cabinets and doors .
2 . What is parquet flooring in Dubai ?
Parquet flooring is the perfect alternative to marble floors .
It is composed of wooden blocks arranged in a geometric pattern and gives an elevated and 3D feel .
‘ Parquet ’ derives from the Turkish word that means “ a small compartment ” and is a geometric mosaic of wood pieces that are commonly used for decorative purposes .
Parquet patterns are often entirely geometrical and angular — squares , triangles , lozenges — but may contain curves .
The most popular parquet flooring pattern is called herringbone .
Parquet wood flooring can be made from solid or engineered wood but is highly recommended for above - grade installation .
3 . How does an engineered floor differ from solid wood ?
Engineered wood flooring has been designed to be more climatically stable than solid wood flooring .
Here are the other differences between the two :
Construction :
Solid wood is made out of a single solid piece of timber .
Engineered floors , on the other hand , are constructed from multiple “ sheets ” of thin hardwood that are layered on top of one another .
Solid boards are typically 18 mm thick while a good quality engineered wood flooring is 20 to 21 mm thick , making an engineered wood flooring more durable .
Engineered boards can be used with underfloor heating and in moisture - prone areas of homes and commercial premises , like bathrooms , kitchens , walkways etc. , that a solid wood is not able to do .
Sanding & Refinishing :
Both solid and engineered wood can be sanded and refinished from its surface .
Solid wood can be refinished to extend their lifespan .
Engineered wood is n’t layered with a thick top , so the floor can only hold one or two resurfacing treatments .
Expansion & Contraction :
Unlike a solid wood , engineered floors will not expand and contract .
Wood expands during warm weather and shrinks in cooler temperatures .
Installing solid wood would require you to carefully space it out to avoid gaps .
Because engineered floors are designed to make installation quick and easy , they do n’t expand and contract as much as their solid hardwood counterparts .
Kährs engineered wood floors in Dubai sand as if they were solid .
The multi-layer construction uses hardwood down to the joint only , with fast - growing wood below , which means it can be refurbished in exactly the same way as a solid floor .
4 . Are there any particularly popular current trends in what the consumers are buying / looking for at the moment ?
There are many other aspects behind the increased demand for wood flooring .
One , wood floors keep your feet warm on cool days and refreshingly cool on warm days , thanks to their natural cellar structures .
Wood was designed by nature to be a great insulator with thousands of air chambers per cubic inch .
In fact , wood offers seven times better insulation than ceramic tiles and is naturally warmer than plastic laminate or thin vinyl floor .
Wood floors are physically warmer – but they also have a way of softening a whole interior .
In terms of appearance , we find that wood complements any flooring .
A consistent popularity with patterned wood floors in Dubai – namely herringbone and chevron .
These patterns always add an elegant and timeless feel to any interior .
Another trend is the use of sustainable and natural materials as wood floors are more environmentally friendly than most other building materials .
For example , wood plays an important part in counteracting climate changes , and according to the EU commission , an increased use of wood products would stimulate the planting of new forest , while bringing down carbon dioxide emissions .
5 . What are the eco-friendly benefits of Kährs wood flooring in Dubai ?
Kährs engineered wood floors are constructed on a multi-layer principle that reduces the drain on nature ’s resources while increasing the lifespan of the wood floor in Dubai .
Kährs engineered flooring is more eco-friendly than solid wood flooring as it uses fast - growing wood species such as pine for the core material , thereby using less of the valuable hardwood surface layer when compared to solid wood flooring .
Kährs patented its parquet technology in 1941 , and have since been using it in all our wood flooring .
Kährs only uses reliable suppliers that share our vision and commitment to quality and the environment , and the wood used comes almost entirely from Scandinavia and Europe , where new growth exceeds that which is harvested .
More than 70 % of the raw material grows less than 160 km from Kährs factory in Sweden .
Over the years , Kährs has introduced a number of manufacturing and flooring innovations that have enabled a more responsible , green production .
We continuously strive to find new ways of reducing any impact on nature , in terms of air quality , water discharge , and noise control , to the benefit of our employees , neighbours and the climate in general .
6 . What ’s the best type of flooring for a family kitchen ?
We have seen an increase in demand for installing natural wood flooring in kitchens .
Installing a natural wood floor in a kitchen will add to the overall homey feeling , is beautiful to look at , comfortable to walk on , creates an ambience that lasts a long time and is also non-allergenic .
Wood is also renewable , unlike plastics and many other synthetic materials .
The engineered wood can withstand constant fluctuations in humidity levels as well as human foot traffic , making your floor and the whole room elegant for years to come .
For more FAQ ’s , click here .
Administraci�n de Calder�n interpone recurso que suspender �a derechos otorgados a parejas del mismo sexo
Jueves 28 de enero de 2010
Carlos Avil�s | El Universal
JERUSALEM ( AP )  Ariel Sharon , the tough army general turned premier who shocked his hawkish supporters by pulling Israel out of Gaza in 2005 , is still lying unconscious in a hospital bed , friends said Sunday on the fourth anniversary of the massive stroke that put him in a coma .
Sharon , 81 , led Israel from 2001 until the January 2006 stroke that left him comatose .
Dov Weisglass , a close friend of Sharon and his former spokesman , told The Associated Press on Sunday that Sharon 's vital signs are good but it was not clear if he would ever regain consciousness .
Medical experts have said that is most unlikely .
Sharon was a daring army officer who reached the rank of major general
In the 1970s , sometimes disobeying orders from his superiors .
After leaving the army , Sharon turned to politics , becoming a hawkish lawmaker in the Likud Party and an enthusiastic supporter of the movement to settle the West Bank with Israelis .
He served in several Cabinet posts , including defense minister .
He was the architect of Israel 's disastrous war in Lebanon , which began in 1982 .
The next year he was forced to resign by an Israeli commission of inquiry that found him indirectly responsible for the massacre of around 800 Palestinians at the Sabra and Chatilla refugee camps by Lebanese Christian militiamen .
Resurrecting his political career , he was elected Israel 's prime minister in 2001 .
Turning his back on his uncompromising ideology in 2005 , Sharon unilaterally withdrew all Israeli settlers and soldiers from the Gaza Strip , ending Israel 's 38 - year occupation of the territory and daily clashes between settlers and soldiers with Palestinian militants .
Outraged hawkish backers abandoned him , and Sharon created a new centrist party , Kadima , to run in March 2006 elections .
Riding a wave of popularity , Sharon appeared to be well on his way to re-election when he suffered a stroke on Jan. 4 , 2006 .
Doctors fought to keep him alive after severe hemorrhaging that caused significant brain damage , performing a number of desperate operations to stop the bleeding but leaving him in a vegetative state .
Several months later , he was moved to a long - term care facility outside Tel Aviv .
Raanan Gissin , another close friend of Sharon and former spokesman , told the AP that Sharon is not connected to a respirator but sometimes needs an oxygen mask at night .
" There is still no change physiologically .
His body functions but he has still not regained consciousness , " Gissin said .
" Who knows if he can hear or not . "
Gissin said he visits Sharon often , as does Sharon 's family and former staff , including a driver .
" Our hope is that he will regain consciousness one day , " he said .
But there are few cases of patients emerging from deep comas after such a long time .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Lo thinks that baby talk is an expression and facilitator of intimacy , that it encourages pair - bonding and protective instincts in romantic relationships .
Which is to say , hating it outright is like hating kittens .
Em thinks that baby talk is gross .
So we decided to settle this once and for all like grownups — in an iChat debate :
LO : So , Em , how long have we been writing together for ?
EM : It ’s been exactly ten years this month since we started our original advice column on Nerve .
Happy anniversary !
LO : And in that time , how many issues have we ever disagreed on ?
EM : Pretty much just this one , if you do n’t count the fight we had in the car on our cross-country road trip for the Big Bang book tour .
LO : Let ’s not go there .
So what , exactly , do you have against baby talk in relationships ?
EM : Do n’t you want to coo that to me in baby talk instead ?
LO : No , because I know your frozen heart would n’t appreciate it .
EM : To use the S/M phrase , it just squicks me .
LO : The fact that you just used the word “ squick ” squicks me .
EM : I know , I ca n’t believe I said that either .
It ’s probably because I associate baby talk with kinky roleplaying — that ’s the file I put it in .
For whatever reason , most people do n’t file it there , though — I think that babytalk has an undeservedly vanilla rep .
Do you think it ’s because I ’m British that I ca n’t stand baby talk ?
LO : Probably .
EM : Hard to do with a stiff upper lip .
LO : When I think of baby talk , it ’s less about kinky sex , and way more about pair - bonding in romantic relationships .
Think about it : parents use baby talk with infants to help them learn how to communicate , but it also has a bonding function .
( Please do n’t tell me you have n’t used baby talk with your own baby ! )
EM : Of course I have !
I think we ’re programmed to .
I thought I ’d feel like a phony doing it , but you do it without even realizing it .
And actually , you feel like an idiot talking to a baby in a regular voice .
LO : So it just follows that it would work for couples , too — it gets you closer , breaks down walls , makes you want to protect each other .
It ’s all about intimacy .
EM : That ’s funny , because I remember one of the characters on “ Sex & the City ” saying that men use baby talk to AVOID intimacy .
Not that S&TC is my sexual touchstone or anything .
LO : One study found that baby talk in adult relationships “ functions in the process of intimate personal connections . ”
EM : What the hell does that mean ?
LO : No idea .
But this bit from the researchers is a little more accessible : “ We suggest that baby talk . . . expresses and facilitates intimate psychological connection … ”
And they found “ Individuals who had baby talked to friends or romantic partners tended to be more secure and less avoidant with regard to attachments in general . ”
EM : Is that because it taps into the unconditional mommy - baby relationship ?
LO : I would assume so .
EM : Can we just take a moment to define what exactly we mean by baby talk ?
When I talk to my daughter , I use a high voice and simple language , and that ’s it , really .
But it ’s my understanding that baby talk among adults means using words like “ widdle ” instead of “ little , ” etc .
Is that right ?
LO : Hahaha !
EM : It ’s a serious question , I actually have no idea .
LO : I think it varies from couple to couple — I think both your definitions above can apply to romantic relationships , with “ widdle ” being on the more extreme end .
EM : So here are my other ( totally serious ) questions :
Does it happen in bed ?
At dinner ?
Cuddling on the couch ?
When ?
And what is the topic of conversation when you ’re using baby talk ?
The weather ?
Bodily functions ?
True love ?
Mawwaige ?
LO : Before I address your questions , let me just state for the record that I ’m not an expert baby talker myself , I do n’t even use baby talk in my own relationship ( okay , maybe once or twice , a long time ago ) .
I ’m just defending people ’s desire and right to use baby talk within a relationship ( in moderation ) without being labeled mentally impaired .
EM : Okay , but you DO use pet names , which we ’ll come back to in a little bit .
So , what ’s normal , average baby talk , then ?
“ I wuv you ” ?
LO : I think in most cases it ’s more about tone and pitch .
You ’re cuddling , you ’re feeling that good cozy rush of oxytocin , and you ’re giving each other lots of little kisses when you say “ Oh , I could just eat you up , you ’re so cute ” — not necessarily with a pretend speech impediment , just in a tone and pitch that you would use if you were talking to a baby .
EM : Huh .
Well , I guess I ’m not going to march in a parade against THAT sort of baby talk .
Take away the lisp and it ’s hardly controversial .
Though , for the record , it still gives me mild heebie - jeebies .
But on the extreme end of things , I guess I can see how being totally retarded in front of each other ( sorry , being silly wabbits together ) would be sort of bonding , in a we - could - totally - blackmail - each - other - about - this - later kind of way .
It ’s like exploring a new orifice together , but without all the lube .
LO : I would definitely agree with you that adults who use baby talk incessantly and in public might have a screw loose .
But for the most part it ’s the rare playful moment between couples that accesses that unconditional protective parent - baby love we were talking about before .
I think the same applies to couples goofing around and tickling each other .
EM : See , we ’re back to the S/M thing .
Tickling and baby talk are BOTH forms of kinky bonding .
Which I mean as a compliment , for the record :
You have to be seriously bonded with someone to not laugh or roll your eyes when they make you wear a dog collar and bark for your dinner .
LO : Well , people seriously into the BDSM community do talk about how intense and emotional it can get — in a good way .
EM : For the record , I do n’t think baby talk has anything to do with kinky adult baby play , other than the fact that they ’re both forms of roleplaying .
LO : Maybe that ’s just a super - duper far - out extreme on one end of the baby talk spectrum : ending up in adult diapers not because you need them .
EM : Something tells me I ’ll never find out .
So here ’s another question :
How do you break out the baby talk in a relationship , how does it come up ?
How do you know your partner wo n’t freak the fuck out ( either openly or just on the inside ) ?
Is there a gateway drug ?
I ’m just wondering whether it ’s pure luck that I ’ve never been accosted with it , or whether I put out a no - baby - talk vibe without realizing it .
LO : I would hope it comes up naturally , gently , and in small doses .
Ideally , it should be almost inadvertent , like you ’re so overwhelmed with love that you ca n’t help yourself .
And I do n’t think just because you said something in baby talk one day means you ’ll be constantly talking to your partner like Elmer Fudd six months from now .
EM : So baby talk that happens during — or in the vicinity of — sex is an entirely different breed of baby talk , right ?
I assume “ I wuv your tittie - witties ” is n’t the kind of small - dose pair - bonding that you ’re talking about ?
LO : Yes , I would say the majority of baby talk is done in romantic situations .
The minority of baby talk happens in actual sexual situations , where I would classify it as kinky , like you said .
The whole “ Someone ’s been a very naughty boy / girl ” thing .
And I would assume that those two categories are often mutually exclusive — that partners who engage in one version probably do n’t engage in the other .
EM : But if it happens OUTSIDE the bedroom , is n’t there the risk of it hurting sexual chemistry .
Once you ’ve baby - talked together , can you really have hot monkey sex again ?
LO : Well , that would be like saying that once you know each other really well , and are totally in love , and feel completely comfortable , that you ca n’t then have hot monkey sex together ever again .
EM : Touche .
LO : And maybe you can’t , but I ’m still holding out hope .
EM : For newbies who want to experiment , I suppose the mildest , most innocuous form of baby talk is having squishy wushy pet names for your partner , right ?
LO : Right .
Do n’t tell me you do n’t have one for yours .
EM : Not a unique one , no .
LO : Not even a nickname that only YOU use in private ?
EM : Am I a total cold fish ?!
LO : Not ever in the history of all your relationships ?
EM : NO !
I use a term of endearment with my husband — “ love , ” it ’s a British thing — but it ’s the same term I use with my daughter and my sisters .
LO : Oh , THAT ’S sexy !
EM : When we first dated I called him “ baby ” a lot , and then one day I heard myself and was totally grossed out by how whiny it sounded .
I was using “ baby ” like punctuation , at least once a sentence .
Even when we were arguing — which is totally ridiculous , obviously .
Not exactly the point of a pet name .
LO : Well , in those situations , it ’s good to remember that you do actually love this person , so the pet name may act as a small subconscious reminder during arguments not to cross the line and say something you really regret , something that ends the relationship .
EM : Good point .
Though it kind of dirties the word , too — just like when people say “ Excuse ME ” in a totally sarcastic way .
That ’s another pet peeve of mine — do n’t steal that nice polite language for your rude means .
So are your pet names things that you ’d never let anyne else overhear ?
LO : I ’m all in favor of keeping your pet names private , but I do n’t think it ’s a huge deal if you let one slip in public , so long as you do n’t say it as part of mushy and romantic baby talk in front of other people ( that ’s just wrong ) .
More like when you ’re out at dinner with friends and out of habit you say , flat affect , “ Could you pass the salt , Tush . ”
EM : See , when you say that , I feel like I just overheard some dirty talk , or overheard you having sex .
Then again , I get really uncomfortable seeing people tongue - kiss in front of me .
LO : How can you write about sex for a living and be so uptight ?
EM : It ’s a mystery .
But can we at least agree that the lisp - variety of baby talk is extreme and out there and kind of freaky ?
LO : It ’s all about context !
If a really hot , amazing guy you ’re totally in love with says “ I wuv you ” ONCE in a lighthearted way while nuzzling your neck and cuddling up , it ’s not extreme or out there or freaky — it ’s awesome !
EM : Well , it ’d freak me out .
LO : You ’re ARE a cold fish ….
but I still wuv you .
The second graphic in this post has been updated to correct a typo on the horizontal axis .
Edward L. Glaeser is an economics professor at Harvard .
A century ago , there were only seven countries in the world that were more prosperous than Argentina ( Belgium , Switzerland , Britain and four former English colonies including the United States ) , according to Angus Maddison ’s historic incomes database .
In 1909 , per capita income in Argentina was 50 percent higher than in Italy , 180 percent higher than Japan , and almost five times higher than in neighboring Brazil .
Over the course of the 20th century , Argentina ’s relative standing in world incomes fell sharply .
By 2000 , Argentina ’s income was less than half that of Italy or Japan .
The chart below shows the relationship between income in 1909 and income in 2000 in 1990 dollars , and Argentina is the extreme outlier .
The gap between 2000 income and predicted economic success , based on 1909 income , is larger for Argentina than for any other country .
Why did that once - wealthy nation do so poorly ?
Edward L. Glaeser
In its pre-World War I heyday , Argentina thrived as a trading giant shipping beef and grain abroad .
After World War II , formerly poor countries including Japan , Korea and Italy followed an export - led model to wealth .
A combination of external shocks ( two world wars and the Great Depression ) and protectionism caused Argentina to turn inward .
Peronism was not only protectionist , but it also favored large state enterprises and significant regulation of the economy .
Neither strategy has been particularly good for growth .
Argentina ’s inbred banking system has historically had trouble weathering severe shocks .
Decades of political instability have made property rights insecure and investment unattractive .
Argentina was cursed with bad policies that bear much of the blame for the country ’s problems , but why was Argentina ’s public sector so problematic ?
Those bad policies were n’t just bad luck .
To understand Argentina ’s political problems during the 20th century , we must look back to the Belle Epoque , and try to understand why , despite its wealth , Argentina was different from other wealthy countries , like the United States .
In a recent paper , Felipe Campante and I have taken an urban perspective on Argentine exceptionalism and compared Buenos Aires and Chicago in 1900 .
In many ways , the two cities are strikingly similar .
Chicago grew great in the 19th century as a conduit for the agricultural wealth of the American hinterland .
In 1816 , it cost as much to move goods 32 miles over land as to ship across the Atlantic .
The enormous costs of shipping by land caused America ’s population to perch on the Eastern Seaboard , dependent on an Atlantic lifeline .
Over the 1800s , a great transportation network of canals and rails makes America ’s rich farmland accessible .
Cities like Chicago grew as the nodes of that network .
Chicago ’s fortune was made by two canals , the Erie Canal and the Illinois and Michigan Canal , which turned Chicago into the linchpin on a great watery arc that runs from New York to New Orleans .
Railroads complemented the waterways and enabled the rich farmland of Iowa to ships its corn , in porcine form , to eastern markets via Chicago .
Chicago ’s most famous 19th century industry was its stockyards , which thrived because of refrigerated rail cars that shipped slaughtered beef back east .
Clothing employed even more Chicagoans , who were making garments for thousands of rural customers , supplied by Marshall Field , Montgomery Ward and Sears , Roebuck .
The story of Buenos Aires is broadly similar .
Like Chicago , the city was surrounded by a vast , fertile hinterland .
Buenos Aires grew as a center for transporting agricultural products east .
The frigorificos , refrigerated ships , greatly increased its ability to ship beef .
Clothing was also Buenos Aires ’s largest industry .
But there were also major dissimilarities between the two places .
Chicago was substantially wealthier , even a century ago .
Capital per worker was more than twice higher in the Windy City .
Chicago was a seedbed of technological innovations , including the skyscraper , the zipper and the electric washing machine .
Buenos Aires ’s entrepreneurs , such as the industrious Torcuato DiTella , often succeeded by importing American technologies , as DiTella did with gas pumps and refrigerators .
The greater levels of technological innovation in Chicago probably reflected the higher levels of education in the United States .
Throughout the 19th century , Chicago was almost completely literate , because the rural migrants who came to the city had been well educated in the common schools that dotted America ’s farmland .
By contrast , more than a fifth of Buenos Aires ’s population was illiterate until 1900 , reflecting the far lower levels of education in rural Argentina .
As the next figure shows , no variable from 1900 better explains success in 2000 than investment in education .
Edward L. Glaeser
Schooling is measured by the share of the relevant populations that was enrolled in primary , secondary or tertiary schooling .
Argentina may have been rich , but it was not that well - educated .
In 2000 , Argentina was doing about as well as would be expected based on its education levels in 1900 .
Long - run national success is built on human capital , both because of the link between schooling and technology and because of the link between education and well - functioning democracy .
I will return to this link , and to the puzzle of Argentine exceptionalism , in a future post .
During the Bush years , unprecedented numbers of Americans poured into the streets , oftentimes ignored by establishment media , to protest the Iraq War .
Some of those were not so much anti-war , but rather pro-constitution - people who recognized the fraudulent nature of the Bush ’s war and total lack of congressional oversight .
As more time passed and the Middle East body count moved into the millions , even more Americans joined the anti-war effort , motivated by revelations of no - bid / cost - plus Federal contracts and carnage by taxpayer funded mercenaries .
9/11 mania faded and ethical concerns about the nature of preemptive strikes replaced it .
When W was elected for a second term the war resistance REALLY heated up , with large numbers of demonstrators continuing to gather until .
POOF !
The Election of Barack Obama .
Barack Obama ’s large following was due in part to the perception of him as an anti-war candidate , despite the fact that he repeatedly mentioned his support for military action in Afghanistan throughout his campaign .
Regardless of the reality , anti-war activism all but dried up after November 5 ’09 .
The word on the streets ?
That “ war is a Republican / Bush phenomenon ” and will go away when Bush and Cheney do .
What a shock it must have been for those falsely reassured by Obama ’s election when reports of unprecedented drone attacks , costing the lives of women and children , were credited not to Bush but rather a commander in chief named Obama .
Disillusion must have grown stronger still when reports of atrocities committed by taxpayer funded Blackwater mercenaries continued , this time in Pakistan .
Similarities to Bush ’s culture of death and destruction became even more clear as Obama announced the escalation of war .
His decision to send thousands of additional American troops to Afghanistan flew in the face of analysts who had dubbed that effort futile and was likely the loudest wake - up call yet for the anti-war community , an alarm that left no doubt about the continued necessity for resistance to unconstitutional acts of military aggression .
So … now what ???
Obviously , electing a Democratic president is not the answer for those who oppose war .
Obama even went so far as to keep Bush ’s Secretary of Defense .
Protests did little to prevent the Iraq war in the first place and are almost useless so long as the establishment media ignores them .
The answer to reigning in unconstitutional bloodshed may in fact lie in the powers reserved to the states as codified in law by the 10th Amendment of the Constitution .
One implication of the 10th amendment is the power of each state to decide where and how their National Guard troops can be used , except in three specific instances spelled out in the constitution , something that may be of particular interest to those in Louisiana for example .
One effort to pursue exactly this tactic is being led by an organization who ’s motto is “ Bring the Guard Home !
It ’s the Law . ”
It already has momentum in several states .
This key principle came under attack last week as President Obama issued an Executive Order that he says ? improves partnership between DC and States ’ .
Partnership ?
Interesting choice of words considering that his order only further indicates Federal disregard for the sovereignty of the states .
This latest decree by the President should cast aside any doubt - President Obama is not only as imperially minded as his predecessor , but now seeks to mangle the carefully designed balance of our republic in ways that surpass even George W. Bush .
National Guard units are already deployed overseas in significant numbers instead of fulfilling their intended mission to protect their respective states , a status which will be perpetuated by this EO unless there is some serious resistance by the states .
For Americans concerned with murderous Federal imperialism that lies far outside of our constitution , it is high time to wake up and realize that nothing has improved under a Democrat president .
This move to bind our state governors is the latest indication that our American Values are not valued by DC , that our republic is continuing a steady transition from freedom loving republic to military dictatorship and the only thing that can stop it is we the people .
This short documentary focuses on Newfoundland 's role in WWII .
Due to its geographical position , Newfoundland became a central point of activity during the war , housing military air bases and becoming the link between the Allied forces and Europe .
In stark contrast with the Depression in the 1930s , this film highlights Newfoundland 's opportunities for economic growth during , and after , the war .
Part of the Canada Carries
On series .
SITTING down for an after lunch snack turned into a brush with all things holy when Lisa Swinton saw the face of Jesus on her banana peel .
‘‘ I was like ‘ Oh my God !
It ’s Jesus on a banana ! ’’
‘‘ I got it out of the fruit bowl and was about to peel it and eat it when I saw his face , ’’ she told The Daily Telegraph .
The impact of seeing Christ pressed into the banana did not stop the 39 - year - old of Haberfield from still eating the fruit and depositing the holy peel .
‘‘ I put some photos up on Facebook – one of my friends said it looked like a monkey . ’’
Ms Swinton is not a stranger to holy visions appearing in day to day household objects .
‘‘ One of my friends said they saw the Holy Mother on their bathroom door and another saw an apparition of Mary on the mould of their shower floor , ’’ she said .
The fateful placing of her banana bunch underneath other fruit , Ms Swinton believes was the cause of the sacred imprint .
‘‘ It definitely was n’t that way when I bought it from Leichhardt Woollies , ’’ she said .
Originally published as Jesus image appears on banana peel
Once bitter rivals in the PC landscape , Apple and Microsoft could now partner to make Bing the default search engine of the iPhone , in an effort to counter the market dominance of search giant Google .
According to BusinessWeek , Apple has been in talks with Microsoft for weeks .
The publication cited two people allegedly familiar with the ongoing negotiations .
Microsoft could also be looking to make Bing search an option in the Safari browser on the Mac.
Currently , Google and Yahoo are the only options .
" Apple and Google know the other is their primary enemy , " one of the sources allegedly told BusinessWeek .
" Microsoft is now a pawn in that battle . "
The source also spoke of Apple 's interest in serving mobile advertisements on the iPhone and iPod touch .
Earlier this month , Apple purchased mobile advertising firm Quattro Wireless for $ 275 million , a move that was largely seen as an effort to counter Google 's acquisition of ad firm AdMob .
Through the deal , Andy Miller , former CEO of Quattro , was named vice president of Mobile Advertising at Apple , a new position for the company which previously had no role in selling ads .
Last week , one report said that Apple co-founder Steve Jobs hopes to " overhaul mobile advertising in the same way they had revolutionized music players and phones . "
Apple could offer developers the ability to place advertisements in their App Store software , and take a cut of the revenue much like Google already does .
The alleged negotiations with Microsoft for Bing search are another example of the growing rivalry between Apple and Google .
Last summer , Google CEO Eric Schmidt resigned from the Apple Board of Directors as an investigation from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission was looking into the connections between the two companies .
Schmidt 's move was seen as necessary as Google and Apple now compete in numerous markets in the technology sector : Google 's Android mobile operating system competes with Apple 's iPhone ; both companies recently made large mobile advertising related purchases ;
Google 's forthcoming Chrome OS will see the company enter the desktop computing space ; and the Chrome browser competes with Apple 's Safari .
Visitors to Ireland have long been greeted with the words " céad míle fáilte , " an Irish language phrase meaning " a hundred thousand welcomes . "
But should this old tourism slogan be changed to " céad míle dollars ? "
A recent study by researchers at the University of Ulster and University of Limerick found that contrary to its image as the quaint , dying language of Ireland 's poor , speakers of Irish enjoy significant economic and social benefits – and form an elite in Irish society .
Key findings include that 42 percent of Irish - speakers were employed in senior professional , managerial , or technical jobs , compared with 27 percent among nonspeakers , and that Irish - speakers enjoyed a larger social network – even though they rarely spoke the language .
The paper , " Language and Occupational Status : Linguistic Elitism in the Irish Labour Market , " published in Ireland 's Economic and Social Review journal , found a " structural advantage of Irish - speaking , relative to non-speaking , workers " in Ireland ’s labor market , and compared use of Irish to historical examples of linguistic elitism in czarist Russia and in Vietnam , where the elite spoke French
Vani Borooah ( editor 's note : Mr. Borooah 's last name was misspelled in the original version of this story ) one of the report's three authors , says that by almost any criteria , a bilingual Irish - speaker has advantages over someone confined to English .
" Even if you take [ socioeconomic ] factors into account and have two people of equal status , the Irish - speaker will have a small but significant advantage over the other , " he says .
Why this should be so is a matter of some debate .
Colm Ó Broin , editor at the bilingual online business newspaper InsideIreland.ie , argues the report 's claims of a linguistic elite are " Orwellian . "
" For hundreds of years , it was attacked as the language of poverty and now it's the language of the elite ? " he asks .
" I would n't say it 's an elite thing .
The report does n't recognize cause and effect .
It would be more accurate to say that Irish is spoken by people who have had a better education .
You would find the same thing among listeners to classical music or people who know Shakespeare sonnets . "
Often referred to as " Gaelic " in the US , in Ireland the language is generally referred to as " Irish " or by its Irish language name , Gaeilge .
The Republic of Ireland is officially a bilingual nation , with Irish the official language , but virtually all daily business is carried out in English .
The study also found that Irish - speakers enjoyed economic advantages over workers in British - controlled Northern Ireland , where the language is seen as divisive by many Protestants .
" In Northern Ireland , Irish is a purely Catholic thing and , within Catholics , it 's the elite that has the best command of the language , " says Professor Borooah , who speaks four languages -- none of them Irish .
The Irish language has a curious status in Ireland .
It 's everywhere and nowhere at the same time .
It is used on all road signs , government communications are available in Irish , there is national Irish language television and radio , and most newspapers carry at least some material in the language .
However , hearing it spoken outside of officially designated Irish - speaking areas , known as " Gaeltachtaí , " is a rare occurrence .
The new report indicates the possibility that Irish is being used to open doors for speakers – and close them in the face of nonspeakers .
There are no entirely reliable figures on how many fluent Irish - speakers live in the Republic of Ireland , principally because it is a mandatory subject at school and therefore , technically , the entire native population of 4.2 million is fluent .
In reality , however , fluency is not the norm .
The study by Borooah and his colleagues took a 5 percent sample from the 2006 census , amounting to 197,862 people .
Of these , 42 percent said they could speak Irish .
Of Northern Ireland 's population of 1.7 million , 167,487 people claim " some knowledge of Irish , " according to the 2001 UK census .
The study found that Irish is a " living language " for less than 5 percent of Ireland 's overall population .
Token gestures have long been thought the extent of the country 's commitment to the language .
Although all children are taught the language , few can do so in practice , and those who can often do n't , preferring English in order to be more widely understood .
The government unveiled plans in 2006 for the country to become truly bilingual within two decades .
Ó Broin 's instincts are borne out by the experience of David Ruffles , a native of Birmingham , UK , who emigrated to the rural west of Ireland with his Irish wife .
Despite not speaking the language , Mr. Ruffles and his wife sent their daughter Hermione , now age 8 , to an Irish language school because they felt it provided a better education .
" It was a nondenominational school , and my wife and I both felt the quality of the education is better , " says Ruffles .
It 's not just children learning their native tongue , Séamas Ó Sionnaigh , a middle - aged quality auditor , is now studying the language : " My father was an Anglophile but my mother was a native speaker of Irish , " he says .
Mr. Ó Sionnaigh was born James
Fox – like all Irish people he effectively has two names ( this reporter is known as Maolíosa Breathnach in Irish ) .
" For me , speaking Irish enhances my feeling of being Irish .
It ties me in to my heritage , " said Ó Sionnaigh , who also wants to see immigrants helped to learn the language .
Borooah sees the study 's findings as positive – rather than pointing to an exclusive club , learning Irish is particularly good for children and may yet save the language : " It provides an incentive to learn Irish , " he says .
Dec. 5 , 2009  --
It almost sounds like it's too much fun to have been hatched by the military : Find 10 giant , red balloons hidden somewhere in the U.S. and you could win $ 40 k ?
But it 's true .
Today the Defense Department 's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , or DARPA , " launched " 10 eight - foot - wide red balloons in a nationwide high tech treasure hunt .
Open to anyone in the country , the DARPA Network challenge is designed to explore social networks and Internet communication .
Finding balloons will require players to build and motivate nationwide networks of people to join the hunt .
The balloons , which will be visible only during daylight hours , are " moored , 8 - foot , red , weather balloons at 10 fixed locations in the continental United States , " DARPA explains on its Web site .
The agency added that the balloons will visible and accessible from nearby roads .
The first person or team to send in the correct geographic coordinates for all ten balloons will pocket the $ 40,000 prize .
Only those who have registered can submit locations and receive the prize , but they are free to divide the money however they 'd like .
As of Friday , at least 2,000 people had registered for the contest and DARPA said the number continues to grow .
" We 're learning a lot about how social networks form – how people band together to solve problems .
But relatively less is known about how those networks mobilize rapidly and what happens when trust relationships are crucial , " said Peter Lee , director of DARPA 's Transformational Convergence Technology Office .
How Will Players Know Whom to Trust ?
Until today , the contest has lived only online , where players have launched Facebook pages , Twitter accounts , wikis , Web sites , mobile device applications and more to promote their team and recruit members .
But now that the balloons are deployed , the real fun starts .
Teams across the country are fielding and sharing messages , trying to separate accurate information from false leads .
" It 's a race and money is involved .
That injects a little twist .
People now have an incentive to hold secrets , " Lee said , adding that as players recruit other participants and solicit information they have to gauge whether or not they are legitimate .
Timed to coincide with the 40th anniversary of the launch of ARPANET , the Advanced Research Projects Agency Network , which eventually grew into the Internet , Lee said the contest was also intended to celebrate a crucial milestone in Internet history .
On Dec. 5 , 1969 , DARPA succeeded in linking the first four nodes of the network that ultimately expanded to sustain millions of computers and modern - day social networks .
Find the Red Balloon , Win Cash Prize
Since DARPA announced the project Oct. 29 , Lee said a number of inventive approaches have popped up – from using different kinds of economic and charitable incentives to relying on computer security or data - mining technology to harnessing plain , old fun .
Jon Cannell , a 39 - year - old small business owner in Port Charlotte , Fla. , decided to join the contest early on .
As an entrepreneur familiar with Web development , he figured he had as good a shot as anyone and launched a Web site , Facebook page and Twitter account to recruit members .
" I was excited by a challenge and thought maybe I could leverage some of my skills and learn new skills as they related to social media , " he said .
After making his imprint online , he published a press release and asked friends and family to send messages about his project far and wide .
To entice people to collaborate , he announced that the prize money would be split evenly among the people who submit winning coordinates .
Business School Tries to Active Alumni Network
Though his Facebook page counts just 20 people among its members , he believes the actual network of those aware of his team could be much larger and could still come through with valuable information starting Saturday .
" I 'm not quite sure what to expect .
It 's basically a math problem – the more people in our network , the more the chance for success , " he said .
Other teams are incentivizing participants with commitments to charity .
If it wins , Project Red Balloon , a balloon search team organized by graduate students and professors at Harvard Business School , promises to donate the $ 40 k to AIDS research and awareness .
" We wanted to test the ability of 2,000 students and faculty on the Harvard Business School campus in Cambridge , Massachusetts to dig into their e-mail , their Facebook , and their Twitter networks to mobilize toward a common goal , " MBA student Bradley Lautenbach said in an e-mail .
Through any means possible , he said their team is trying to engage the entire HBS community of current students and alumni across the country .
He estimates that they 've already reached 50,000 to 100,000 people in nearly every state in the continental U.S .
i Phone App Company Launches ' Army of Eyes '
" It 's really a case of ' get out the eyes , ' " he said .
" We need as many people as possible , in as many places as possible , to be aware of what 's happening on Saturday . "
Hopefully , if someone sees a balloon they 'll remember Project Red Balloon and report its location to them .
Lautenbach said each person who submits a winning coordinate has the option to keep $ 1,000 , but they hope each participant will choose to donate the money to charity .
For some tech professionals , the challenge is an opportunity to hone their skills and get their name out .
Mutual Mobile , an Austin , Tex , - based mobile applications development company , launched an iPhone application , " Army of Eyes , " that makes it easy for iPhone users to snap a geo - coded picture of any red balloons they spot .
Mickey Ristroph , co-founder of the company , who previously competed in DARPA competitions , said , " This kind of challenge makes the most sense on mobile devices . "
People will be on the road , or on foot , when they spot the balloons , he said .
It 's easier for potential participants to submit information immediately via smart phone than wait to go home and sit at their laptops .
Their incentive ?
To win $ 2,500 if they are the first to submit an accurate location .
( Ristroph said Mutual Mobile wo n't keep any of the winnings . )
Having successfully developed and launched dozens of iPhone applications previously , he said his company was well - positioned to get " Army of Eyes " into the App store and into the public awareness .
The application went live Wednesday and so far has been downloaded about 8,000 times .
Artist Will Create 30 - Foot Balloon Cupcake if He Wins
For still other players , it 's all about the fun .
Larry Moss , a professional artist who creates balloon sculptures , said he knew he had to join the competition the day it was announced .
Eighteen years ago he said he launched an online network for balloon artists in the Internet 's earlier days .
That network – balloonhq.com – is still thriving .
To celebrate the Internet 's contribution to social networks , he 's mobilizing his own , asking its more than 2,000 members to be on the lookout for the red balloons and spread the word about his project .
If his team wins , he said he will use the prize money to create a 30 - foot - tall balloon cupcake , designed to fly with a pilot .
" You can do all the math and whatever tactics to play the game but when it comes down to it , I think people will respond to having fun , " he said .
He also said that since the network will grow from an already established community , false information and distrust will likely not be significant issues .
" It 's the birthday of the Internet – let 's celebrate , " he said .
" What better way than with balloons and a cupcake . "
Ben Bernanke won the backing of the Senate for a second four - year term as chairman of the Federal Reserve by a comfortable margin Thursday .
Even with that storm behind him , Mr. Bernanke faces formidable political and economic challenges made tougher by the bruising confirmation fight .
Weeks of criticism from Congress — and moments during which his confirmation prospects seemed uncertain — have weakened Mr. Bernanke 's political standing .
That may make it harder for him to defend the Fed as Congress prepares to intensify its oversight of monetary policy and curb the Fed 's authority over the banking system .
In an interview , Mr. Bernanke 's predecessor , Alan Greenspan , called his own occasionally tense relations with Congress " tranquil " by comparison .
The intense scrutiny of Mr. Bernanke 's record underscored risks to the Fed 's cherished independence to change interest rates without political interference .
That independence is key to retaining financial markets ' confidence in the central bank .
Fed officials " are going to be fighting a rear - guard action against congressional encroachment and interference , " says Martin Barnes , managing editor of BCA Research Inc. , an investment research firm .
A suicide bomber struck a procession marking a Shia Muslim holy day in Pakistan 's biggest city today , killing 30 people in an attack blamed on extremists trying to spark a sectarian war .
Outraged Shias responded to one of the worst sectarian attacks in the country this year by setting fire to buildings and vehicles at the blast site and pelting security forces with stones .
The minority sect has suffered frequent attacks by Sunni extremist groups .
Authorities said these sectarian groups have teamed up with Taliban and al - Qaida militants waging war against the government in a joint effort to destabilise Pakistan .
More than 500 people have been killed in attacks since mid-October when the army launched an anti-Taliban offensive in the country 's north - west .
" A deliberate attempt seems to be afoot by the extremists to turn the fight against militants into a sectarian clash and make the people fight against one another , " said President Asif Ali Zardari in a statement .
The southern city of Karachi has largely been spared the Taliban - linked violence that has struck much of the rest of the country .
But it has been the scene of frequent sectarian , ethnic and political violence .
The suicide bomber who struck today targeted thousands of Shias marching through the streets to observe Ashura , the most important day of a month - long mourning period for the seventh - century death of the Prophet Muhammad 's grandson , Imam Hussein .
Naseem Raza , a 26 - year - old who was marching in the procession , said : " I saw walls stained with blood and splashed with human flesh . "
The Karachi police chief , Waseem Ahmad , said police were investigating the possibility that a second suicide bomber was involved in the attack .
The blast wounded 60 people , said Sagheer Ahmad , the health minister in Sindh province , where Karachi is the capital .
Major Aurangzeb Khan , a spokesman for paramilitary troops who were protecting the procession , said the death toll would have been much higher if one of the soldiers had not spotted the suicide bomber and tackled him .
Shias went on a rampage after the blast , smashing shops and setting fire to a market , two other buildings and many vehicles .
Some roamed the scene with guns and fired into the air .
No group has claimed responsibility for the attack , but Pakistan 's interior minister , Rehman Malik , pointed the finger at a cluster of militant groups , including the Pakistani Taliban , al - Qaida , Lashkar - e - Jhangvi and Jaish - e - Mohammad , that he said have a joint goal to destabilise Pakistan .
Malik appealed to the Shia community to cancel processions for the next two days " for the sake of security and to save precious lives " .
Today 's bombing was the third explosion in as many days to hit Karachi , although authorities attributed a blast that wounded 30 on Sunday to a buildup of gas in a sewage pipe .
On Saturday , a blast near a Shia procession wounded 19 people .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The chairman of the Republican Party and a leading GOP senator called on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to give up his post Sunday , following the publication of remarks he made about President Obama 's race in 2008 .
A new book quotes Reid , D - Nevada , as saying privately in 2008 that Obama could be successful as a black candidate in part because of his " light - skinned " appearance and speaking patterns " with no Negro dialect , unless he wanted to have one . "
The remarks were " embarrassing and racially insensitive , " said Sen .
John Cornyn , R - Texas , head of the GOP 's Senate campaign arm , in a statement to CNN .
GOP Chairman Michael Steele , on NBC's " Meet the Press , " said : " Racism and racist conversations have no place today in America . "
Steele also was on the defensive for a remark he made last week that members of both parties have called a racial slur .
In an interview with Fox News , Steele used the phrase " honest injun . "
The Congressional Black Caucus has accepted Reid 's apology and is dismissing calls for him to step down as majority leader .
Rep. Barbara Lee , chairwoman of the caucus , issued the following statement : " I have had an opportunity to speak with Senator Reid and he apologized for his unfortunate remarks concerning the president , and he understands the gravity of such remarks .
There are too many issues like the economy , job creation and energy for these regrettable comments to distract us from the work that must be done on behalf of the American people . "
Democrats also rejected the calls for Reid 's dismissal .
Gov. Tim Kaine of Virginia , chairman of the Democratic Party , said " the case is closed " following Reid 's round of apologies .
Douglas Wilder of Virginia , who 20 years ago became the nation 's first elected African - American governor , also rejected calls for Reid 's ouster .
" I think that what Reid was giving was a personal opinion , which was n't affecting the laws or the operation of the dispensation of justice in our country , " Wilder told CNN 's " State of the Union . "
But he said he believes the incident " illustrates the need for more open discussion about race . "
Reid 's office made clear he has no plans to step down .
Democrats rejected the calls for Reid 's dismissal , and Reid 's office made clear he has no plans to step down .
" Sen . Reid will stay in his position as majority leader and will run for re-election , " his spokesman said .
" As the leader in the fight to pass the Voting Rights Act and legislation banning hate crimes , Sen . Reid has a long record of addressing issues that are important to the African - American community .
His Republican critics who are looking to politicize the issue can't say the same . "
Reid 's controversial quote is in the book " Game Change , " due in stores Monday .
The authors write that " Reid was convinced , in fact , that Obama 's race would help him more than hurt him in a bid for the Democratic nomination . "
In a statement to CNN , Reid said , " I deeply regret using such a poor choice of words . "
" I sincerely apologize for offending any and all Americans , especially African - Americans for my improper comments .
I was a proud and enthusiastic supporter of Barack Obama during the campaign and have worked as hard as I can to advance President Obama 's legislative agenda , " Reid said .
In his defense , he pointed to his efforts to integrate the Las Vegas strip and the gaming industry , among other legislation favored by African - American voters .
" I have worked hard to advance issues important to the African - American community , " he said .
And the senate leader called Obama on Saturday afternoon to apologize for the remarks .
In a statement issued after the call , Obama said , " As far as I am concerned , the book is closed . "
" Harry Reid called me today and apologized for an unfortunate comment reported today , " the president said .
" I accepted Harry 's apology without question because I 've known him for years , I 've seen the passionate leadership he 's shown on issues of social justice and I know what 's in his heart . "
An aide to the senator told CNN that Reid also offered apologies to several prominent African - American political figures , including House Democrats Jim Clyburn of South Carolina and Barbara Lee of California ; the Rev. Al Sharpton ; CNN political contributor and Democratic strategist Donna Brazile ; NAACP chairman Julian Bond ; and the head of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights , Wade Henderson .
Steele , the GOP 's first African - American chairman , was asked about the remarks on both " Meet the Press " and " Fox News Sunday . "
He told NBC on Sunday he believes Reid is out of touch with " how African - Americans generally feel " about sensitive issues .
Steele was asked by NBC whether he believes the situation is similar to one involving former Sen .
Trent Lott , who lost his post as Senate majority leader in 2002 after saying that the nation would have been better off if one - time segregationist candidate Strom Thurmond had been elected president .
" Oh , yeah .
There is a big double standard here , " Steele said on NBC .
Steele added : " When Democrats get caught saying racist things , you know , an apology is enough . "
Steele said that if a Republican senator had made the same remark Reid did , Steele himself and the Democratic Party " would be screaming for his head very much as they were with Trent Lott . "
Cornyn , in his statement , also accused Democrats of following a " double standard , " and noted that they had pushed Lott to step down .
" As we await his explanation , Sen .
Reid should do the right thing , follow the example that he himself set in 2002 , and step down as majority leader , " Cornyn said .
Kaine shot back against those arguments .
" Anybody looking at Trent Lott 's statements praising somebody who had been a pro-segregation candidate for president will see that there is no comparison between those comments and those of Sen. Reid , " Kaine told NBC .
The comments " were in the context of praising the senator and acknowledging that the senator could be a great president , but they were still insensitive , " Kaine said .
Asked whether Reid should resign , he said , " Absolutely not .
...
We 're moving on . "
Nevada state Senate Majority Leader Steven Horsford , who is African - American , affirmed his support for Reid in a statement Saturday .
" While I am disappointed in Sen . Reid 's comment and choice of words , I accept his apology , " said Horsford , a Democrat .
" I have known Sen .
Reid for many years and he has consistently been supportive of advancing the interests of the African - American community as he has for all Nevadans and all Americans . "
Steele , meanwhile , was asked about his remark in a Fox News interview last week that the GOP platform " is one of the best political documents that 's been written in the last 25 years , ' honest injun ' on that . "
" Fox News Sunday " host Chris Wallace noted that lawmakers from both parties have called that a racial slur .
" Well , if it is , I apologize for it .
It 's not an intent to be a racial slur .
I was n't intending to say a racial slur at all , " Steele said .
CNN 's Dana Bash , Mark Preston and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .
Whether making ultralong exposures of movie screens or photographing museum dioramas to look like real scenes , Hiroshi Sugimoto has always used his camera to explore unseen phenomena — artifacts of time , light , the elements , and human perception .
But for his latest project , called Lightning Fields , the award - winning photographer traded optics for electricity .
He wields a Van de Graaff generator to send up to 400,000 volts through film to a metal table .
The resulting fractal branching , subtle feathering , and furry whorls call to mind vascular systems , geologic features , and trees .
“ I see the spark of life itself , the lightning that struck the primordial ooze , ” Sugimoto says .
Although some of the effects happen by chance , the artist does try to exercise control .
“ I have a kitchen ’s worth of utensils that produce sparks with different characteristics , ” he says .
“ But there are many variables — weather , humidity , perhaps even what I had for breakfast —
I ’m never sure what influences the results . ”
Hiroshi Sugimoto : Lightning Fields 117 , 2009
Photo : © Hiroshi Sugimoto , courtesy Fraenkel Gallery , San Francisco
Hiroshi Sugimoto : Lightning Fields 118 , 2009
Photo : © Hiroshi Sugimoto , courtesy Fraenkel Gallery , San Francisco
Hiroshi Sugimoto : Lightning Fields 119 , 2009
Photo : © Hiroshi Sugimoto , courtesy Fraenkel Gallery , San Francisco
Hiroshi Sugimoto : Lightning Fields 128 , 2009
Photo : © Hiroshi Sugimoto , courtesy Fraenkel Gallery , San Francisco
Hiroshi Sugimoto : Lightning Fields 130 , 2009
Photo : © Hiroshi Sugimoto , courtesy Fraenkel Gallery , San Francisco
Hiroshi Sugimoto : Lightning Fields 133 , 2009
Photo : © Hiroshi Sugimoto , courtesy Fraenkel Gallery , San Francisco
Hiroshi Sugimoto : Lightning Fields 138 , 2009
Photo : © Hiroshi Sugimoto , courtesy Fraenkel Gallery , San Francisco
Hiroshi Sugimoto : Lightning Fields 144 , 2009
Photo : © Hiroshi Sugimoto , courtesy Fraenkel Gallery , San Francisco
Hiroshi Sugimoto : Lightning Fields 145 , 2009
Photo : © Hiroshi Sugimoto , courtesy Fraenkel Gallery , San Francisco
Hiroshi Sugimoto : Lightning Fields 146 , 2009
Photo : © Hiroshi Sugimoto , courtesy Fraenkel Gallery , San Francisco
The ' false ' pandemic : Drug firms cashed in on scare over swine flu , claims Euro health chief
The swine flu outbreak was a ' false pandemic ' driven by drug companies that stood to make billions of pounds from a worldwide scare , a leading health expert has claimed .
Wolfgang Wodarg , head of health at the Council of Europe , accused the makers of flu drugs and vaccines of influencing the World Health Organisation 's decision to declare a pandemic .
This led to the pharmaceutical firms ensuring ' enormous gains ' , while countries , including the UK , ' squandered ' their meagre health budgets , with millions being vaccinated against a relatively mild disease .
Trapped : British family Neil , Maria , Samuel and Abigail Willis were quarantined in their hotel in Beijing , China , at the height of the swine flu scare
A resolution proposed by Dr Wodarg calling for an investigation into the role of drug firms has been passed by the Council of Europe , the Strasbourg - based ' senate ' responsible for the European Court of Human Rights .
An emergency debate on the issue will be held later this month .
Dr Wodarg 's claims come as it emerged the British government is desperately trying to offload up to £ 1 billion of swine flu vaccine , ordered at the height of the scare .
Chief Medical Officer Sir Liam Donaldson last year ordered the NHS to plan for up to 65,000 deaths
The Department of Health warned of 65,000 deaths , set up a special advice line and website , suspended normal rules so anti-flu drugs could be given out without prescription and told health and local authorities to prepare for a major pandemic .
Planners were told to get morgues ready for the sheer scale of deaths and there were warnings that the Army could be called in to prevent riots as people fought to obtain drugs .
But with fewer than 5,000 in England catching the disease last week and just 251 deaths overall , Dr Wodarg has branded the H1N1 outbreak as ' one of the greatest medical scandals of the century ' .
He said : ' We have had a mild flu - and a false pandemic . '
He added the seeds of the scare were sown five years ago , when it was feared the much more lethal bird flu virus would mutate into a human form .
The ' atmosphere of panic ' led to governments stockpiling the anti-flu drug Tamiflu and putting in place ' sleeping contracts ' for millions of doses of vaccine
Dr Wodarg said : ' The governments have sealed contracts with vaccine producers where they secure orders in advance and take upon themselves almost all the responsibility .
' In this way the producers of vaccines are sure of enormous gains without having any financial risks .
' So they just wait , until WHO says " pandemic " and activate the contracts . '
He also claims that to further push their interests , leading drug companies placed ' their people ' in the ' cogs ' of the WHO and other influential organisations .
Sue Armitage with her children Daisy and Ralph who could not go on holiday after catching swine flu
He added that their influence could have led the WHO to soften its definition of a pandemic - leading to the declaration of a worldwide outbreak last June .
Dr Wodarg said : ' In order to promote their patented drugs and vaccines against flu , pharmaceutical companies have influenced scientists and official agencies , responsible for public health standards , to alarm governments worldwide .
' They have made them squander tight healthcare resources for inefficient vaccine strategies and needlessly exposed millions of healthy people to the risk of unknown side - effects of insufficiently tested vaccines . '
He does not name any Britons with conflicts of interest .
But last year , the Daily Mail revealed that Sir Roy Anderson , a scientist who advises the Government on swine flu , also holds a £ 116,000 - a- year post on the board of GlaxoSmithKline .
GSK makes anti-flu drugs and vaccines and is predicted to be one of the biggest beneficiaries of the pandemic .
A young girl is given an inoculation at a medical centre in Cockermouth , England .
Millions were given vaccines against swine flu , with pharmaceutical companies being paid huge sums by the government
The Department of Health says that although the disease appears to be on the wane , it cannot rule out a third surge and urges all those entitled to the jab to have it .
Professor David Salisbury , the Government 's head of immunisation said there were ' no grounds whatsoever ' for Dr Wodarg 's claims , saying people with conflicts of interest were kept out of the decision - making process .
A GSK spokesman said : ' Allegations of undue influence are misguided and unfounded .
The WHO declared that H1N1 swine flu met the criteria for a pandemic .
' As WHO have stated , legal regulations and numerous safeguards are in place to manage possible conflicts of interest . '
Drain the brine from the vegetables ( reserving in case you need it later ) , and taste .
They should taste nice and salty , but not so salty that you would n't want to eat it .
If it is so salty that it is very unpleasant rinse a little .
If it does n't taste good and salty , add a little salt .
I know this is very subjective , but usually the brine proportion works and does n't require tweaking .
But in case , you should know that tweaking is ok .
Mix the vegetables with the ginger - chili- onion - garlic paste .
Mix thoroughly , then stuff into jars .
I find two quart - sized mason jars are just about right , but you can also use more pint jars , or a single larger crock or jar .
Pack it tightly , and put something on top to weight it down .
This can be a slender glass tumbler , a ziplock bag filled with water or brine , a nice clean smooth rock that fits inside the jar , etc .
And actually , I have made perfectly edible kimchee without weighting it down , just by packing very tightly in the jars and pushing the contents down firmly each day while fermenting .
It 's better if it is weighted though , which is why traditional pickling crocks were so handy .
A small bowl - shaped Chinese or Japanese teacup pressed down on the mixture in the jar is something I have used from time to time .
Cover to keep out dust and flies ( I like the plastic screw - on Mason jar caps because they are nonreactive and easy ) .
Set on a tray to catch any juice that may come up and over the top of the jar while fermenting .
You can ferment this on your kitchen counter , smelling and tasting it daily until it tastes like Kimchee and then refrigerate , or you can put it in a cool basement to ferment more slowly and develop more complex flavors .
Generally it is ready when the cabbage and daikon are somewhat translucent and softened , but you can start eating it any time , dependent on your taste .
Usually when it smells right , it tastes right .
If it is left in the refrigerator long enough to smell sweet or alcoholic , it has gone bad .
We never have that problem though , because it is too delicious
It 's been a great year in pictures — some more identifiable than others .
Here is a retrospective of 2009 's best mystery shots .
Care to take another guess ?
Advertisement
Each image links back to the original post containing the answer .
Hint :
Once you find out what it is everything makes sense .
Do n't over think it .
[ Click to see the answer ]
Doc Brown 's flux capacitor ?
A blinged - out religious relic from the future ?
A Tron 2.0 prop ?
[ Click to see the answer ]
Jellyfish attacking an undersea monster ?
That would be cool , but the reality is much simpler , and more beautiful .
[ Click to see the answer ]
Ready for some mystery ?
The answer is ... [ Click to see the answer ]
The engine room of the next Enterprise ?
A glimpse at the heart of some new particle accelerator ?
The lens of a new US military laser ?
[ Click to see the answer ]
While it may look a bit like Galactica 's CIC it 's probably older than you are .
[ Click to see the answer ]
It looks like a gigantic bird hunting device but it will actually let you become one with nature rather than destroy it .
[ Click to see the answer ]
Some kind of circuit board close up ?
No .
A nuclear power plant 's control panel full of gauges and labels ?
No , that 's not it either .
[ Click to see the answer ]
No , that 's not the moon ... [ Click to see the answer ]
A shot from the Iron Man sequel ?
A costume from a 22nd - century staging of Swan Lake ?
My new back tat ?
[ Click to see the answer ]
They are n't shiny radio dishes or deadly antimatter arrays in Area 51 .
[ Click to see the answer ]
A huge version of Darth Vader 's light saber ?
Close , but not quite close enough .
[ Click to see the answer ]
Is this a cosmic dover over the skies of California ?
Maybe the aliens are telling us to chill out .
Or perhaps the Holy Ghost went to grab some In - n - Out .
[ Click to see the answer ]
Is this the entrence to Jason Chen 's secret lair where the Gizmodo magic happens ?
Maybe a place to lock up anyone with the swine flu ?
What on Earth requires a HAL 9000 to keep guard ?
[ Click to see the answer ]
At first glance I thought this was a NASA image of some sort , maybe a solar flare .
I even wondered if I could get a high - res version in turn into a poster .
Then I found out what it actually is .
[ Click to see the answer ]
Tattoo under a powerful microscope ?
One near some feminine naughty bits ?
No . [ Click to see the answer ]
This is a tricky one .
What 's the QR Code on that flag our little Android friend is waving ?
[ Click to see the answer ]
Advertisement
What Is This ?
Hint :
Once you know it 'll make sense , and no , it 's not a trippy visualization for Burning Man.
Read more
What Is This ?
Doc Brown 's flux capacitor ?
A blinged - out religious relic from the future ?
A Tron 2.0 prop ?
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What Is This ?
Jelly fishes attacking an undersea monster ?
That would be cool , but the reality is much simpler , … Read more
Advertisement
What Is This ?
The engine room of the next Enterprise ?
A glimpse at the heart of some new particle accelerator ?…
Read more
What Is This ?
You'd be forgiven for thinking this is digital age command center , where generals direct scores of …
Read more
Advertisement
What Is This ?
I thought this was some kind of bird hunting device sitting on top of a massive forest .
In reality …
Read more
What Is This ?
Some kind of circuit board close up ?
No .
A nuclear power plant 's control panel full of gauges and …
Read more
Advertisement
What Is This ?
A shot from the Iron Man sequel ?
A costume from a 22nd - century staging of Swan Lake ?
My new back …
Read more
Advertisement
What Is This ?
I thought they were some kind of radio dishes , until I noticed the shaeenee mirrors .
Then I thought Read more
What Is This ?
Is this a huge version of Darth Vader 's lightsaber , as someone said in the comments ?
It actually …
Read more
Advertisement
What Is This ?
Is this a cosmic dove in the skies of California ?
Maybe the aliens are telling us to chill out .
Or… Read more
What is This ?
Is this the entrance to Jason Chen 's secret lair where the Gizmodo magic happens ?
Maybe a place to …
Read more
Advertisement
What Is This ?
At first glance , I thought this is a NASA image of some sort , maybe a solar flare .
I even wondered …
Read more
What Is This ?
At first I thought this image was a tattoo under a powerful microscope .
One near some feminine …
Read more
Advertisement
Not satisfied with wrecking the auto sector and most of the state itself , unions and the state of Michigan conspired to force small business owners into unions the businesses want no part of and did not even vote for .
Disgusted minds are reading how Michigan Forces Business Owners Into Public Sector Unions .
Michelle Berry runs a private day - care service from her home on the outskirts of this city , the birthplace of General Motors .
" The Berry Patch , " as she calls the service , features overstuffed purple gorillas , giant cartoon murals , and a playroom covered in Astroturf .
Her clients are mostly low - income parents who need child care to keep their jobs in a city that now has a 26 % unemployment rate .
Ms. Berry owns her own business — yet the Michigan Department of Human Services claims she is a government employee and union member .
The agency thus withholds union dues from the child - care subsidies it sends to her on behalf of her low - income clients .
Those dues are funneled to a public - employee union that claims to represent her .
The situation is crazy — and it 's happening elsewhere in the country .
A year ago in December , Ms. Berry and more than 40,000 other home - based day care providers statewide were suddenly informed they were members of Child Care Providers Together Michigan — a union created in 2006 by the United Auto Workers and the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees .
The union had won a certification election conducted by mail under the auspices of the Michigan Employment Relations Commission .
In that election only 6,000 day - care providers voted .
The pro-labor vote turned out .
Many of the state 's other 34,000 day - care providers never even realized what was going on .
Ms. Berry tells us she was " shocked " to find out she was suddenly in a union .
The real dirty work , however , had been done when the state created an " employer " for the union to " organize " against .
Of course , Michigan 's independent day - care providers do n't work for anybody except the parents who were their customers .
Nevertheless , because some of these parents qualified for public subsidies , the Child Care Providers " union " claimed the providers were " public employees . "
Michigan 's Department of Human Services then teamed with Flint - based Mott Community College to sign an " interlocal agreement " in 2006 establishing a separate government agency called the Michigan Home Based Child Care Council .
This council was directed to recommend good child - care practices — and not coincidentally , to serve as a " public employer . "
Although the council had almost no staff , no control over the state subsidies and no supervision of the providers ' daily activities , it became the shell corporation against which the union could organize .
Thus the state created an ersatz employer and an ersatz " bargaining unit " against which what was essentially an ersatz union could organize .
Today the Department of Human Services siphons about $ 3.7 million in annual dues to the union — from the child - care subsidies .
The money should be going to home - based day - care providers — themselves not on the high end of the income scale .
Ms. Berry now sees money once paid to her go to a union that does little for her .
She says she is " self employed and wants nothing to do with the union . "
Shielded from market pressures , public employee unions have driven up taxpayer costs for decades .
Now labor leaders are shanghaiing entrepreneurs such as Ms. Berry and Ms. Loar into government unions because their clients receive government aid .
Who will be next ?
Grocers ?
Landlords ?
Doctors ?
Detroit's Model City
Education Facts
Detroit students receive on average $ 11,100 per student .
The national average is $ 9600 .
Yet Detroit students have a graduation rate of 25 % .
Detroit students have a greater chance of ending up in prison than graduating high school .
Teachers fight merit pay as they do nearly everywhere else .
It is difficult to get rid of a teacher with tenure no matter what the teacher does .
Snips From The Video
Why would unions make concessions if the government continually bails them out ?
And why would n't the government keep bailing them out when it is the unions who elect them ?
You might be wondering why I 've shown you this .
Why is it necessary for you to see a once great city brought to its knees by government bureaucracies and powerful unions ?
And to you I would ask .
Look at the current administration 's promises to the American people and compare them to the promises corrupt Detroit politicians over the last 50 years .
They are nearly identical .
Detroit is the perfect laboratory for leftist policies at work for nearly half a century .
When you continue to remove free market principles that have made this country great and you continue to create a state dependent society this is very well what America could look like in a very short amount of time .
Michigan 's Cycle of Decay
UAW runs auto companies into the ground
Teachers run education system into the ground
Good people leave
Poverty rise and so does crime
A stick - wielding gang have attacked Haitians waiting for aid at a food distribution centre on the outskirts of Port - au - Prince .
Over a thousand people had been waiting for the distribution of food when the mob of men attacked .
Despite pockets of violence like this , aid drops have started to get food and supplies to desperate people in rural parts of Haiti .
The revolvers are the world 's smallest working double action blank firing pistols .
They measure just 38 mm in length and are smaller than the famous Swiss Mini Gun which measures 55 mm .
Brazil is the world 's biggest exporter of beef .
Huge areas of semi- forested grasslands are being cleared to make way for cattle pastures to feed the global love of cattle meat .
And Britain is one of the biggest importers .
Now , under greater scrutiny at home for their environmental and humanitarian sins , Brazilian beef barons are buying up land across the border in Paraguay – and bulldozing traditional Indian lands there .
But , hey , it 's all right , they say .
Because , in among the ranches , they are creating nature reserves .
Are the ranchers going green – or engaging in flagrant greenwash to preserve their place on your plate ?
Now one company has been accused of invading the land of one of the few surviving tribal groups that are uncontacted by the outside world , and setting aside part of it for nature .
And it has lined up the unlikely figure of Charlie Chaplin in its defence , bizarrely saying British - born " Chaplin would be turning in his grave in shame " at the accusations from his " countrymen " at Survival International , which has its headquarters in the UK .
I do n't usually promote other people 's greenwash awards .
But this time I make an exception .
For this brazen misappropriation of environmental virtue , the NGO Survival , which campaigns for tribal groups , last week gave the company Yaguarete Pora SA its 2010 Greenwash award .
Survival says the uncontacted people are from the Totobiegosode tribe , which is part of a wider family of tribes known as the Ayoreo .
" Yaguarete has already destroyed thousands of hectares of the tribe 's forests .
The company plans to convert around two - thirds of the land to cattle ranching , " according to Survival , which has released recent satellite images to prove its claims .
The reclusive forest community has asked for protection via relatives in the wider Totobiegosode tribe , who began legal action on their behalf to secure legal title to their land back in 1993 .
The case remains unresolved .
The disputed land is 400 kilometres north of the Paraguayan capital Asunción , in the province of Alto Paraguay , where local estimates say 90 % of the land is now in the hands of Brazilian cattle ranchers .
Media reports say that the government 's National Environmental Council last year cancelled logging permits for Yaguarete in the area because of breaches of environmental regulations .
According to documents in support of the reserve plan ( pdf ) submitted to government authorities , the company has taken over 78,500 hectares , of which it now plans to set aside 27,500 hectares for the nature reserve , of which Survival estimates some 17,000 hectares will be continuous forest .
Plans for the reserve have been drawn up by the National Land Trust , a body set up by a former director of Paraguay 's parks department to help landowners create conservation areas .
He has won awards for this work , including the Whitley Fund for Nature Award in 2003 , which was sponsored by WWF - UK .
But the Survival director , Stephen Corry , says " the nature reserve is textbook greenwashing .
Bulldoze the forest and then preserve a bit for PR purposes . "
Survival is supporting action by a local Paraguayan NGO called GAT to reclaim the tribal lands .
Yaguarete Pora 's director , Marcelo Bastos Ferraz , did not respond to questions from the Guardian this week .
But the company did issue a statement after receiving the Survival award last week .
" The company decided to establish a wild protected area under private ownership , guaranteeing hunting and fishing rights for hundreds of indigenous families who live in the area , " it said .
" The Ayoreo - Totobiegosode will be able to use the reserve , and can freely practice their culture and customs . "
Fine , but that 's not what the Totobiegosode people want , says David Hill of Survival .
" They have a long - running law suit claiming legal title to that land themselves . "
The company also says it is investing in Paraguay , providing jobs and respecting environmental laws
It accuses Survival of " xenophobia " , of " profiting by lying " and of " using satire and adopting a Chaplinesque attitude , as well as trying to influence the president of a sovereign country . "
It points out that there is an international treaty " which guarantees that Paraguay will protect Brazilian investments " in the country .
Quite so .
In recent months , the Brazilian government has promised the world it will end the destruction of Amazon rainforest to create new cattle pastures .
The tragedy is that it looks as if the reclusive inhabitants of its neighbours ' forests are now in the front line .
Leave print - view Front page
12/03/2009 09:59:00 AM
posted by Razib
On insults and religion On insults and religion
When I was a younger man I recall watching a documentary on missionaries in Mississippi .
They were Southern Baptists who were on a mission to " save " everyone ( this included Roman Catholics and Protestants who had not had a " Born Again " experience ) .
At one point the missionaries encountered a man from Pakistan , who was a Muslim .
They confronted him aggressively as to whether he worshiped " idols . "
From what I saw their tactics seemed more a way to allow these individuals to act out and be obnoxious than convert people ( social science research shows that conversions usually happen through networks of friends , not from encountering the random missionary ) .
Later that year a friend of my younger brother , who was Baptist , saw my dad praying .
He asked me whether we worshiped idols .
He even slipped a little doll in front of my dad 's prayer rug , an act which my brother found really offensive .
At the time I wondered if conservative Baptist churches around the country were sharing literature and tactics which verged in this obnoxious direction ( I also had another friend inquire if I was Hindu after there was a sermon on Hinduism .
I told him I was not , at which point he still regaled me with the gist of how horrible demonic Hinduism was ) .
This sort of behavior is very boorish .
On the other hand , it brought home to me the importance of
The importance of intersubjectivity is why I roll my eyes when Islam by its very nature is an insult to many religions .
That is , the core beliefs of Islam are an offense .
There is a lot of exegesis on exactly what Islam says about the
At one point I was a regular participant on the comment boards of one could be sincerely religious , and , accept a common underlying and equivalent truth of all religions .
by the nature of their faith .
For them , it was a given that all religions express aspects of the ultimate truth , and attempts to convert individuals to another tradition is simply cultural aggression which sows discord and is an implicit affront .
From long discussions it was clear that the two groups had a very primitive or non-existent understanding of the perspective of the other .
Some of the concerns of adherents of Indian religions also emerge among Jews .
They perceive Christian attempts to convert them as a form of cultural genocide , but that is because their presuppositions about religion are fundamentally different from those of Evangelical Christians .
Jews also have issues with Christians who " compliment " their tradition by asserting that their own religion is simply a " completion " of Judaism .
Muslims often prove their pluralist bona fides by observing that they respect all prophets who have come before , and view the People of the Book of having received a true message from God .
Of course , these traditions are less than flattered , because most Muslims also believe that their traditions are distortions and degenerations from Islam ( Muslims view their faith as the " primal religion . "
This view is shared by many conservative Christians as well ) , ergo , the necessity of Muhammad as the seal of prophets .
As an atheist with no strong emotional connection to any religion I view this with some curiosity and intellectual interest .
But , I also think that it brings up a pragmatic issue : genuine religious pluralism has to lead toward religious segregation .
The Ottoman millet model , which also existed in Europe in the relationship of Jews to the polity , is in some ways the " natural " state of religious pluralism .
But what about the United States ?
I think we have turned Catholics and Jews into operational Protestants .
To assimilate then Muslims have to cede ground on the importance of orthopraxy and Hindus have to accept the ubiquity of religious defection .
In Muslim countries Christians no longer act out on the injunction in the New Testament to preach their faith , because they 've been turned into People of the Book , who exist as religious fossils .
The Parsi attitude toward conversions is probably shaped in part by their inculcation of Hindu attitudes .
And so forth .***
Addendum :
For many religious people I 've found that the very avowal of atheism is somewhat offensive to them .
At least judging by their negative and uncomfortable body language .
A few times people have even asked if atheism is too strong of a world , and perhaps I 'm just " not religious " or " secular . "
* Many Hindus reject idol reverence and consider themselves monotheists .
Perhaps most in the West .
But many Hindus will assert that they are polytheists , and accept the importance of the representation of gods in worship .
** When I was a child some old guy at a party where everyone was a South Asian Muslim started talking about how Hindus consumed cow feces .
I really hated this stuff , since this was invariably before we ate , but people always thought this was really funny .
But at this party there was a younger man who was offended by this .
He asserted that in fair play Muslims should not mock other religions , even in private .
I recall everyone was shocked and dumbfounded .
It was clear they 'd never even run into this sort of argument , and the conversation moved to other topics .
I have been told by Hindus that the inverse mockery also occurs .
No surprise .
*** There was always an implicit ethnic Persian aspect of Zoroastrianism .
But the historical record attests to Zoroastrians among many non-ethnic Persians , from Armenians to Turks , to converts from Christianity .
The importance of intersubjectivity is why I roll my eyes when Egypts grand mufti talks about an " insult to Islam " .
It is important to remember that That is , the core beliefs of Islam are an offense .
There is a lot of exegesis on exactly what Islam says about the People of the Book , but there is little doubt about what it says about " idolatry . "
For example , Hindus who revere idols and consider themselves polytheists are insulted by Islam constantly . *
The holiest books of Islam are basically hate - texts against polytheists and those who revere idolts .
Among South Asian Muslims the " idolatrous " practices of Hindus are fodder for much humor in social situations .**
Even the command to convert the world is offensive to many .
At one point I was a regular participant on the comment boards of Talk Islam and Sepia Mutiny .
It was interesting to contrast the two , for though Sepia Mutiny is not explicitly a religious weblog , most participants are from Hindu or Sikh religious traditions ( Dharmic ) .
On Talk Islam I repeatedly explained , and made the argument , that Aziz found this an implausible or false assertion , as for him the nature of religion is such that you adhere to a faith you believe the closest to the truth , and you wish others would also adhere to the nearest approximation of the ultimate truth .
By contrast , on the Sepia Mutiny it was clear that many simply could not comprehend why Christians and Muslims had to proselytizeFor them , it was a given that all religions express aspects of the ultimate truth , and attempts to convert individuals to another tradition is simply cultural aggression which sows discord and is an implicit affront .
From long discussions it was clear that the two groups had a very primitive or non-existent understanding of the perspective of the other .
Some of the concerns of adherents of Indian religions also emerge among Jews .
They perceive Christian attempts to convert them as a form of cultural genocide , but that is because their presuppositions about religion are fundamentally different from those of Evangelical Christians .
Jews also have issues with Christians who " compliment " their tradition by asserting that their own religion is simply a " completion " of Judaism .
Muslims often prove their pluralistby observing that they respect all prophets who have come before , and view the People of the Book of having received a true message from God .
Of course , these traditions are less than flattered , because most Muslims also believe that their traditions are distortions and degenerations from Islam ( Muslims view their faith as the " primal religion . "
This view is shared by many conservative Christians as well ) , ergo , the necessity of Muhammad as the seal of prophets .
As an atheist with no strong emotional connection to any religion I view this with some curiosity and intellectual interest .
But , I also think that it brings up a pragmatic issue :
The Ottomanmodel , which also existed in Europe in the relationship of Jews to the polity , is in some ways the " natural " state of religious pluralism .
But what about the United States ?
I think we have turned Catholics and Jews into operational Protestants .
To assimilate then Muslims have to cede ground on the importance of orthopraxy and Hindus have to accept the ubiquity of religious defection .
In Muslim countries Christians no longer act out on the injunction in the New Testament to preach their faith , because they 've been turned into People of the Book , who exist as religious fossils .
The Parsi attitude toward conversions is probably shaped in part by their inculcation of Hindu attitudes .
And so forth .*** For many religious people I 've found that the very avowal of atheism is somewhat offensive to them .
At least judging by their negative and uncomfortable body language .
A few times people have even asked if atheism is too strong of a world , and perhaps I 'm just " not religious " or " secular . " *
Many Hindus reject idol reverence and consider themselves monotheists .
Perhaps most in the West .
But many Hindus will assert that they are polytheists , and accept the importance of the representation of gods in worship .**
When I was a child some old guy at a party where everyone was a South Asian Muslim started talking about how Hindus consumed cow feces .
I really hated this stuff , since this was invariably before we ate , but people always thought this was really funny .
But at this party there was a younger man who was offended by this .
He asserted that in fair play Muslims should not mock other religions , even in private .
I recall everyone was shocked and dumbfounded .
It was clear they 'd never even run into this sort of argument , and the conversation moved to other topics .
I have been told by Hindus that the inverse mockery also occurs .
No surprise .***
There was always an implicit ethnic Persian aspect of Zoroastrianism .
But the historical record attests to Zoroastrians among many non-ethnic Persians , from Armenians to Turks , to converts from Christianity .
When I was a younger man I recall watching a documentary on missionaries in Mississippi .
They were Southern Baptists who were on a mission to " save " everyone ( this included Roman Catholics and Protestants who had not had a " Born Again " experience ) .
At one point the missionaries encountered a man from Pakistan , who was a Muslim .
They confronted him aggressively as to whether he worshiped " idols . "
From what I saw their tactics seemed more a way to allow these individuals to act out and be obnoxious than convert people ( social science research shows that conversions usually happen through networks of friends , not from encountering the random missionary ) .
Later that year a friend of my younger brother , who was Baptist , saw my dad praying .
He asked me whether we worshiped idols .
He even slipped a little doll in front of my dad 's prayer rug , an act which my brother found really offensive .
At the time I wondered if conservative Baptist churches around the country were sharing literature and tactics which verged in this obnoxious direction ( I also had another friend inquire if I was Hindu after there was a sermon on Hinduism .
I told him I was not , at which point he still regaled me with the gist of how horrible demonic Hinduism was ) .
This sort of behavior is very boorish .
On the other hand , it brought home to me the importance of intersubjectivity .
As an atheist to me all religion was human - created , so the behavior of my Baptist friends and acquaintances when it came to other religions was boorish , but not offensive .
But religion is important for most humans .
Religions , and societies more generally , tend to share explicit and implicit norms and values .
They allow individuals to differentiate between the acceptable and unacceptable .
In a society where there is pluralism this is a more difficult task .
Labels : pluralism , Religion
Haloscan Comments
It is famous for its budget offers and rock - bottom prices but when the Lidl supermarket chain received several batches of high - grade cocaine at its Spanish stores last weekend it decided that that was one product which would not be making it on to the shelves .
Instead the budget supermarket group called in the police to solve the mystery of how a dozen of its stores had each received hundreds of thousands of euros worth of neatly wrapped cocaine mixed in with their fresh bananas .
The drugs were discovered at the bottom of banana boxes that went to stores in Madrid , Plasencia and the town of Cáceres .
The bananas , which had been imported by sea from Ecuador , arrived at the Mercamadrid wholesale fruit and vegetable market in Madrid last week .
There they were snapped up by buyers from Lidl and the Alcampo supermarket group .
It was not until a Lidl employee at a Madrid supermarket got ready to stack the bananas on the store 's shelves that the curious packages lying under the bunches were discovered .
Similar cargoes of cocaine were later found at a dozen Lidl supermarkets , with more than 100kg ( 220 lb ) of the drug being discovered overall .
The hunt for further batches was continuing yesterday .
Police said the traffickers had somehow failed to pick up their cocaine , which had a street value of about € 4.5 m ( £ 4.02 m ) .
" They must have been afraid that we were on to them , " Eloy Quiros , head of the Spanish police 's organised crime unit , said today .
He added that police were liaising with their Ecuadorean counterparts to find out exactly where the bananas had been packed .
In some cases the bananas had been peeled , with only the skin left behind , presumably so that the cocaine would not increase the weight of each 15 kg box .
A Lidl spokesman said that the cocaine had not contaminated the bananas but that the fruit had , in any case , not been put on sale .
Police said Lidl had nothing to do with the smuggling operation and thanked the supermarket chain for its help in tracking down the cargo .
" She could see the chatroom he was using and decided to catch him out by creating a profile of her own to use the same internet site .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Sony has pushed back the release of its highly anticipated motion controller for its PlayStation 3 console until the autumn of 2010 .
The controller , which tracks the movement of a " wand " to play a game , was planned to go on sale in spring .
The delay will mean that it will launch around the same time as Microsoft 's hands - free games controller , known as Project Natal , for its Xbox 360 .
Both are seen as rivals to Nintendo 's popular system for its Wii console .
Although demand for Nintendo's game 's machine has slowed recently it still dominates console sales .
It has sold more than 56 m units worldwide , compared to Microsoft 's Xbox 360 which has sold 39 m units and Sony 's PS3 which has sold around 30 m units .
Nintendo's console was the first to have a mass - market motion - detecting controller , allowing the gamer to control the onscreen action with body movements rather than controlling a joystick .
Sony 's device is similar to Nintendo 's controller .
A camera sits on top of the TV and detects the motion of a coloured orb attached to the end of a wand held by the player .
It will be available in North America , Europe , Japan and other Asian countries .
Sony has not confirmed its cost .
Unlike its rivals , Microsoft 's Natal does not use a controller .
Instead , a series of sensors allow the gamer to control the action using gestures , movement and speech .
It will be available in November this year .
Socioeconomic Impacts of Global Warming are Systematically Overestimated
Part II : How Large Might be the Overestimation ?
Indur M. Goklany
A major argument advanced for drastic GHG emission reductions is that , otherwise , we are told , global warming will exacerbate the problems that developing countries already face ( e.g. , low agricultural productivity , hunger , malaria , water shortage , coastal flooding ) .
Consequently , global warming would / could / might / may swamp their meager adaptive capacity .
Not only would this be a tragedy for the developing countries , it could trigger social , political and economic instability , and mass migrations which would create large negative spillover effects for the US and other industrialized countries ( see , e.g. , here ) .
It ’s true , many developing countries ’ adaptive capacity is relatively low today .
But will it be equally low in the future when global warming , presumably , kicks in ?
Figure 3 provides estimates of net GDP per capita — a determinant of adaptive capacity — in 1990 ( the base year ) , 2100 and 2200 for four IPCC reference scenarios for areas that comprise today ’s developing and industrialized countries after accounting for any losses in GDP due to future global warming .
For 2100 and 2200 , net GDP per capita is estimated assuming that ( a ) GDP per capita in the absence of global warming will grow per the IPCC SRES scenarios and ( b ) adjusting it downward to account for the costs of climate change per the Stern Review ’s 95th percentile estimate under the “ high climate change ” scenario , equivalent to the IPCC ’s warmest scenario ( A1FI ) .
For 1990 , I use the actual GDP per capita because this is the base year from which all changes are calculated for future years .
I use the Stern Review ’s estimates which , unlike most other studies , account for losses not only due to market impacts of global warming but also to non-market ( i.e. , environmental and public health ) impacts , as well as the risk of catastrophe , despite the fact that the Stern Review is an “ outlier ” that many economists believe overstates losses due to global warming ( Tol 2008 ) .
Its 95th percentile estimate for losses in GDP under the warmest scenario is 7.5 % in 2100 and 35.2 % in 2200 .
The precise methodology for developing this Figure 3 is provided here .
Figure 3 : Net GDP per capita , 1990 - 2200 , after accounting for losses due to global warming for four major IPCC emission and climate scenarios .
For 2100 and 2200 , the scenarios are arranged from the warmest ( A1FI ) on the left to the coolest ( B1 ) on the right .
The average global temperature increase from 1990 to 2085 for the scenarios are as follows : 4 °C for AIFI , 3.3 °C for A2 , 2.4 °C for B2 , and 2.1 °C for B1 .
For context , in 2006 , GDP per capita for industrialized countries was $ 19,300 ; the United States , $ 30,100 ; and developing countries , $ 1,500 ( all in 1990 US $ ) .
Source : Goklany ( 2009a ) .
Figure 3 shows that under the warmest scenario ( A1FI ) , the scenario that prompts much of the apocalyptic visions of global warming , net GDP per capita of inhabitants of developing countries in 2100 ( $ 61,500 ) will be double that of the US in 2006 ( $ 30,100 ) .
Therefore , by 2100 , developing countries ’ adaptive capacity should on average be far greater than the US ’s today merely on the basis of higher GDP per capita !
[ By 2200 , the net GDP per capita of today ’s developing countries will be almost triple the US ’ in 2006 ( $ 86,200 versus $ 30,100 ) . ]
Thus , the problems of poverty that warming would exacerbate ( e.g. , low agricultural productivity , hunger , malnutrition , malaria and other vector borne diseases ) ought to be substantially reduced if not eliminated by 2100 , even if one ignores any secular technological change that ought to occur in the interim .
Tol and Dowlatabadi ( 2001 ) , for example , show that malaria has been functionally eliminated in a society whose annual per capita income reaches $ 3,100 .
Therefore , even under the poorest scenario ( A2 ) , developing countries should be free of malaria well before 2100 , even assuming no technological change in the interim .
Similarly , if the average net GDP per capita in 2100 for developing countries is $ 10,000 – $ 82,000 , then their farmers would be able to afford technologies that are unaffordable today ( e.g. , precision agriculture ) or new technologies that should come on line by then ( e.g. , drought resistant seeds ) .
But , since impact assessments generally fail to fully factor in increases in economic development ( and technological change ) , they substantially overestimate future net damages from global warming ( see Part I ) .
Note that Figure 3 shows that through 2200 , notwithstanding global warming , net GDP per capita will be highest under the warmest scenario , and lowest under the poorest scenario ( A2 ) .
This suggests that if humanity has a choice of development paths , it ought to strive to take the path with the highest economic growth .
That is , a richer - but - warmer world is better than poorer - but - cooler worlds .
The second major reason why the impacts of global warming are systematically overestimated is that few impact studies consider secular technological change and most assume that no new technologies will come on line , although some do assume that greater adoption of existing technologies with GDP per capita and , much less frequently , a modest generic improvement in productivity ( see Part I ) .
So how much of a difference in impact would consideration of both economic development and technological change have made ?
If impacts were to be estimated for 5 or so years into the future , ignoring changes in adaptive capacity between now and then probably would not be fatal .
However , the time horizon of climate change impact assessments is often on the order of 50 – 100 years or more .
The global impacts assessments discussed in Part I , for instance , use a base year of 1990 to estimate impacts for 2025 , 2055 and 2085 .
The Stern Review ’s time horizon extends out to 2100 – 2200 and beyond ( Stern Review 2006 ) .
It should be noted that some of the newer impacts assessments have begun to account for changes in adaptive capacity .
For example , Yohe et al. ( 2006 ) , in an exercise exploring the vulnerability to climate change under various climate change scenarios , allowed adaptive capacity to increase between the present and 2050 and 2100 .
However , they limited any increase in adaptive capacity to “ either the current global mean or to a value that is 25 % higher than the current value – whichever is higher ” ( Yohe et al. 2006 , p. 4 of the full report ) .
Such a limitation would miss most of the increase in adaptive capacity implied by Figure 3 .
More recently , Tol et al. ( 2007 ) analyzed the sensitivity of deaths from malaria , diarrhea , schistosomiasis , and dengue deaths to warming , economic development and other determinants of adaptive capacity through the year 2100 .
Their results indicate , unsurprisingly , that consideration of economic development alone could reduce mortality substantially .
For malaria , for instance , deaths would be eliminated before 2100 in a number of the more affluent Sub - Saharan countries ( Tol et al. 2007 , p. 702 ) .
This result is consistent with retrospective assessments which indicate that over the span of a few decades , changes in economic development and technologies can damp down various indicators of adverse environmental impacts and negative indicators of human well - being ( see here ) .
For example , due to a combination of greater wealth and secular technological change , U.S. death rates due to various climate - sensitive water - related diseases — dysentery , typhoid , paratyphoid , other gastrointestinal disease , and malaria — declined by 99.6 to 100.0 percent from 1900 – 1970 , that is , over seventy years .
See Figure 4 .
Figure 4 : Death rates for various water related diseases , 1900 - 1970 .
Source : Goklany ( 2009 b ) , based on various issues of the Statistical Abstract .
Similarly , as shown in Figure 5 , average annual global mortality and mortality rates from extreme weather events have declined by 93–98 percent since the 1920s ( Goklany 2009 c ) , a span of almost ninety years .
Thus , not fully accounting for changes in the level of economic development and secular technological change would understate future adaptive capacity which then could overstate impacts by one or more orders of magnitude if the time horizon is several decades into the future .
Figure 5 : Global Death and Death Rates Due to Extreme Weather Events , 1900 –2008 .
The extreme events include the following : droughts , extreme temperatures ( both extreme heat and extreme cold ) , floods , wet mass movement ( i.e. , slides , waves , and surges ) , wildfires , and storms ( e.g. , hurricanes , cyclones , tornados , typhoons , etc. ) .
Note that data for the last period are averaged over nine years .
Source : Goklany ( 2009 c ) , using data from EM - DAT ( 2009 ) .
In fact , it is precisely the failure to account for the combination of economic and technological development that has caused high profile prognostications such as Malthus ’s original conjecture about running out of cropland , The Limits to Growth , and The Population Bomb , to fizzle spectacularly ( see here ) .
Because they share similar methodological flaws , there is no reason to believe that the global warming impacts assessments undertaken to date will fare any better .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
( CNN ) --
All but one of the families who lost relatives in Baghdad 's Nusoor Square killings have agreed to settle their claims against the security contractor formerly known as Blackwater , one of the survivors said Sunday .
Hassan Salman , who was wounded in the 2007 shootings , told CNN that 16 of the 17 families of the dead agreed to $ 100,000 lawsuit settlements from Xe , as Blackwater now calls itself .
Those wounded were offered between $ 20,000 and $ 50,000 apiece , Salman said .
Blackwater guards protecting a U.S. State Department convoy opened fire in Nusoor Square , in western Baghdad , in October 2007 , killing 17 people and wounding more than two dozen .
Blackwater denied any wrongdoing , arguing its contractors used necessary force to protect a State Department convoy that had come under fire from insurgents .
Iraq called the killings unprovoked and an act of " premeditated murder . "
The incident led the Iraqi government to slap limits on security contractors hired by Xe and other firms operating in the country .
Xe announced it was settling the lawsuit last week to allow the company , which is also under new management , to move ahead " free of the costs and distraction of ongoing litigation . "
One of the guards who took part in the shooting pleaded guilty to a voluntary manslaughter charge in a U.S. court 2008 .
Five others were charged with manslaughter , but those cases were dismissed in late December when a federal judge found prosecutors wrongly used the men's own statements against them .
CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .
A reader writes , " Australian Classification Board ( ACB ) is now banning depictions of small - breasted women in adult publications and films .
They banned mainstream pornography from showing women with A - cup breasts , apparently on the grounds that they encourage paedophilia , and in spite of the fact this is a normal breast size for many adult women .
Presumably small breasted women taking photographs of themselves will now be guilty of creating simulated child pornography , to say nothing of the message this sends to women with modestly sized chests or those who favour them .
Australia has also banned pornographic depictions of female ejaculation , a normal orgasmic sexual response in many women , with censors branding it as ' abhorrent . ' "
The Board has also started to ban depictions of small - breasted women in adult publications and films .
This is in response to a campaign led by Kids Free 2 B Kids and promoted by Barnaby Joyce and Guy Barnett in Senate Estimates late last year .
Mainstream companies such as Larry Flint 's Hustler produce some of the publications that have been banned .
These companies are regulated by the FBI to ensure that only adult performers are featured in their publications .
" We are starting to see depictions of women in their late 20s being banned because they have an A cup size " , she said .
" It may be an unintended consequence of the Senator 's actions but they are largely responsible for the sharp increase in breast size in Australian adult magazines of late " .
Depictions of Female Orgasm Being Banned by Classification Board
( Image : 124 , a Creative Commons Attribution photo from brittsuza 's photostream )
Update :
The basic bug shown here is now fixed in Firefox .
Read on to see whether the fix works for you .
Keep in mind that there are much stronger attacks than the one shown here .
Use private mode to reduce the amount of data your Browser keeps .
What ’s not there can not be claimed .
After the example of making - the - web , I was quite intrigued by the ease of sniffing the history via simple CSS tricks .
So I decided to test , how small I get a Python program which can sniff the history via CSS - without requiring any scripting ability on the browser - side .
I first produced fully commented code ( see server.py ) and then stripped it down to just 64 lines ( server - stripped.py ) , to make it really crystal clear , that making your browser vulnerable to this exploit is a damn bad idea .
I hope this will help get Firefox fixed quickly .
If you see http://blubber.blau as found , you 're safe .
If you do n't see any links as found , you 're likely to be safe .
In any other case , everyone in the web can grab your history - if given enough time ( a few minutes ) or enough iframes ( which check your history in parallel ) .
This does n't use Javascript .
It currently only checks for the 1000 or so most visited websites and does n't keep any logs in files ( all info is in memory and wiped on every restart ) , since I do n't really want to create a full fledged history ripper but rather show how easy it would be to create one .
Besides :
It does not need to be run in an iframe .
Any Python - powered site could just run this test as regular part of the site while you browse it ( and wonder why your browser has so much to do for a simple site , but since we ’re already used to high load due to Javascript , who is going to care ? ) .
So do n’t feel safe , just because there are no iframes .
To feel and be safe , use one of the solutions from What the Internet knows about you .
Konqueror seems to be immune :
It also ( pre -) loads the " visited " - images from not visited links , so every page is seen as visited - which is the only way to avoid spreading my history around on the web and still providing “ visited ” image - hints in the browser !
Firefox 4.0.1 seems to be immune , too :
It does not show any : visited - images , so the server does not get any requests .
So please do n't let your browser load anything depending on the : visited state of a link tag !
It should n't load anything based on internal information , because that always publicizes private information - and you do n't know who will read it !
In short : Do n't keep repeating Ennesbys Mistake :
( comic strips not hosted here and not free licensed → copyright : Howard V. Tayler )
And to the Firefox developers :
Please remove the optimization of only loading required css data based on the visited info !
I already said so in a bug report , and since the bug is n't fixed , this is my way to put a bit of weight behind it .
Please stop putting your users privacy at risk .
Usage :
python server.py
start the server at port 8000 .
You can now point your browser to http://127.0.0.1:8000 to get sniffed :)
To get more info , just use ./ server .py -- help .
Pope Benedict XVI has called laws ignoring the difference between the sexes an " attack " on creation just days after Portugal moved to legalise gay marriage .
Creatures , including humans , " can be protected or endangered " , the Pope , 82 , told the Vatican diplomatic corps in a traditional January address focusing mainly on environmental issues .
" One such attack comes from laws or proposals which , in the name of fighting discrimination , strike at the biological basis of the difference between the sexes , " he said , citing " certain countries in Europe or North and South America " .
Portugal 's parliament last Friday approved plans to legalise gay marriage , and a final vote could occur before a visit by the pope in May .
Also last week , two men became the first homosexual couple to legally marry in Latin America , in the southern Argentine province of Ushuaia .
" Freedom can not be absolute , " the pontiff said .
" For man , the path to be taken cannot be determined by caprice or willfulness , but must rather correspond to the structure willed by the Creator , " he said .
AFP
好的电竞外围英雄联盟外围app 《 使命召唤》联赛受疫情影响所有比赛改为线上进行
Dv1XJf9l 据了解，高分七号卫星在轨测试期间，对土地违法监察、基本地物要素识别、农作物种植面积测量、公路建设施工监测等方面的一系列功能进行了验证。为助力今年5月的珠穆朗玛峰高程测量工作，自然资源部国土卫星遥感应用中心利用高分七号、资源三号等卫星获取遥感图像，绘制了1：10000比例尺地形图，为登山队成功登顶提供了地形参考。下阶段，卫星将在全球地理信息获取、自主数据提供等方面开展进一步的研究与应用。WvgA
fUai 一位现任庄里村村委会委员告诉红星新闻记者，2009年起艾洪录承包了庄里水库，用于养鱼和开发旅游业。2016年艾洪录承包了附近236省道的一处改建工程，他把工程产生的渣石倾倒在水库大坝外的泄洪道。把原来的大坝坝底全部填平，渣石规模近万方。D1Qw
Chul 广东省雷州市调风镇高考生曹某花钱伪造清华大学录取通知书骗家长，后被戳穿。有媒体报道称，调风镇镇长证实，该考生的实际高考分数为235分。该事件引发热议。2yN1dzfy
ERNo 建设过程中，工程师应用新技术、新工艺、新设备，攻克了“ 河内钢桩安装 ” “ 大直径超长混凝土灌注 桩 ” “ 预推设备防失稳装 置 ” 和 “ 黄河流域不通航地区曲线段钢箱梁顶推 ” 等一系列技术难题，先后申报并完成顶推设备防失稳装置等20项专利技术，完成液压爬模在斜拉桥主塔施工中的运用等科研课题12项。“8月18日主桥合龙，实现了项目建设最重要也是最关键的工程节点。”高文华说。8c0f
ytlb 用餐后打包不打包？如何看待打包行为？许多消费者对这个话题其实有着不同看法，大多数顾客在点菜中比较理性，用餐后也会考虑将剩余的菜品打包带走。41Cn
H5 Pm “ 得知自己多点菜吃不完的话，相关的服务员很可能会受罚，绝大多数客人都会理解并减少点菜量。”该酒店一位负责人告诉记者，该措施实施以来，还没有服务员因此受罚，反而有很多客人对反复劝他们“少点几个菜”的服务员予以赞赏。sYe0
第十五条 教材编写实行主编负责制。主编主要负责教材整体设计，把握教材编写进度，对教材编写质量负总责。主编须符合本办法第十四条规定外，还需符合以下条件：
OI8U 据了解，高分七号卫星在轨测试期间，对土地违法监察、基本地物要素识别、农作物种植面积测量、公路建设施工监测等方面的一系列功能进行了验证。为助力今年5月的珠穆朗玛峰高程测量工作，自然资源部国土卫星遥感应用中心利用高分七号、资源三号等卫星获取遥感图像，绘制了1：10000比例尺地形图，为登山队成功登顶提供了地形参考。下阶段，卫星将在全球地理信息获取、自主数据提供等方面开展进一步的研究与应用。Q4kj
YsXk 高分专项是我国十六个重大专项之一，2010 年批准启动实施以来，已成功发射高分一号至高分七号等七颗卫星。高分系列卫星的广泛应用已经成为国民经济各领域、各部门重要的数据和技术支撑。DaWm
7vzF 上海大邦律师事务所丁金坤认为，伪造印章既可能是治安违法行为，也可能是涉嫌犯罪。区分的关键在于社会危害性，即所造成的后果严重性。hJia
Ot5w 教材出版部门成立专门政治把关机构，建强工作队伍和专家队伍，在所编修教材正式送审前，以外聘专家为主，进行专题自查，把好政治关。AFwe
fCo5 据了解，高分七号卫星在轨测试期间，对土地违法监察、基本地物要素识别、农作物种植面积测量、公路建设施工监测等方面的一系列功能进行了验证。为助力今年5月的珠穆朗玛峰高程测量工作，自然资源部国土卫星遥感应用中心利用高分七号、资源三号等卫星获取遥感图像，绘制了1：10000比例尺地形图，为登山队成功登顶提供了地形参考。下阶段，卫星将在全球地理信息获取、自主数据提供等方面开展进一步的研究与应用。NzV6
1ibE 至于村民反映的承包人填埋河道的问题，祖金明解释，实际上是当时山体塌方和道路除险工程产生的渣土进入了大坝下游，随后艾洪录在渣土上打造平台建设别墅。目前别墅已经拆除，但技术人员检测认为，大坝外围的渣土实际起到了加固大坝的作用，即便大坝形态改变也没有影响大坝的安全。最近几天，当地已经展开清理工作，大坝的输水洞已经清理出来。但输水洞早在2010年和2012年两次洪水中已被淤泥覆盖无法输水。Mc7q
JAdU 广东省雷州市调风镇高考生曹某花钱伪造清华大学录取通知书骗家长，后被戳穿。有媒体报道称，调风镇镇长证实，该考生的实际高考分数为235分。该事件引发热议。TwPi
i6Qk 其中，副中心剧院是集演艺演出、艺术创作、艺术教育、现场体验等功能于一体的“ 艺术宫殿” ，又名“ 文化粮仓 ” ，其设计理念源于通州古粮仓和运送物资的船舶，对标世界级一流剧院标准进行设计、建设，将满足世界级演出要求。剧院建筑面积约12.53万平方米，高度为49.5米。包括歌剧院、音乐厅和戏剧院三个表演艺术的“文化容器”，同时可容纳观众4400人。ssNv
V2XK 高分七号卫星实现了我国民用1：10000比例尺卫星立体测图，大幅提升了我国卫星对地观测与立体测绘的水平。高分七号不仅可以满足国内用户的有关数据需求，还可为“ 一带一路”沿线国家提供有力的空间信息支撑，对服务经济社会发展、提升我国航天国际影响力具有重要意义。wcVg
emWs 通知还称 ， “ 限你（艾洪录）收到通知书后两日内主动履行，于2019年12月12日前拆除完毕。逾期拒不主动履行，涞水县人民政府将依法强制拆除，由此产生的费用由你承担”。s6Te
TSBE 中国年轻人经常穿军事风的衣服，用军事风的潮牌，比如，美国空军的飞行员夹克在中国卖得特别好，我就想，中国海军为什么不能有特别潮、特别帅的文创开发？我们提出这个观点后，得到了舰上的认可。航母文化用年轻人喜欢的潮流文化的方式去传播，是一种有趣的尝试。5QQj
z8vU 舰标和舰徽扮演的角色不一样。舰徽比较庄重，上面的元素比较多，代表了整条舰的气质。舰标代表的是舰上每一位官兵的气质，比较年轻，比较动感，配色上也比较有活力。同时，它的元素更简单，会更广泛、更自由地运用于舰上官兵的日常里，比如主舰帽，包括未来的T恤、帽衫，以及一些衍生的文创产品上。Bhkv
b Sbj 对于这起诉讼，九龙镇镇长祖金明告诉记者，村里本来与艾洪录签的承包协议约定过不能在大坝上搞违建，不能改变大坝原状，如果搞其他建设必须合法合规，并且需要发包方同意。同时村里与水库承租方还存在其他利益纠纷，因此希望终止协议。目前，涞水县人民法院已经立案。正在请律师相互质正。ihkF
j3zx “ 我们相信，这个物种在长江中，依然存在……” 这是2003年钟倩的纪录片《抢救大白鲟》结尾的一段话，当时她作为中央电视台农业节目的记者，参与了那次抢救白鲟报道，也是为数不多见过白鲟最后一面的人。tdse
1.bGfl 广东省雷州市调风镇高考生曹某花钱伪造清华大学录取通知书骗家长，后被戳穿。有媒体报道称，调风镇镇长证实，该考生的实际高考分数为235分。该事件引发热议。BlrK
2.JSYr 全面贯彻党的教育方针，落实立德树人根本任务，扎根中国大地，站稳中国立场，充分体现社会主义核心价值观，加强爱国主义、集体主义、社会主义教育，引导学生坚定道路自信、理论自信、制度自信、文化自信，成为担当中华民族复兴大任的时代新人。UcE0
3.cyFM 2007年龚道安调任咸宁市委常委、市政法委书记时，是郭唐寅接过了他湖北省公安厅经侦总队总队长的职务。2010年11月，龚道安从咸宁选拔到公安部任职时，接过他咸宁市委常委、市政法委书记、市公安局长职务的，则是董国祥。DNBW
4.rs4r 第十二条 教材编写依据职业院校教材规划以及国家教学标准和职业标准（规范）等，服务学生成长成才和就业创业。教材编写应符合以下要求：i9YK
WASHINGTON — Condemning a two - million - dollar fine meted out to a Minnesota woman for illegally downloading music over the Internet as “ monstrous and shocking , ” a judge has slashed the penalty to 54,000 dollars .
US District Court Michael Davis said the fine imposed by a jury on Jammie Thomas - Rasset , a single mother of four from the town of Brainerd , veered into the “ realm of gross injustice . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In a high - profile music piracy case , Thomas - Rasset was found liable in June of violating music copyrights for using the Kazaa peer - to - peer file - sharing network to download 24 songs .
A jury ordered her to pay 1.92 million dollars — or 80,000 dollars per song — to six record companies : Capitol Records , Sony BMG Music , Arista Records , Interscope Records , Warner Bros. Records and UMG Recordings .
Davis slashed the fine to 54,000 dollars , or 2,250 dollars per recording , and complained in his ruling on Friday , a copy of which was obtained by AFP on Monday , that he was constrained from reducing it even further .
“ This reduced award is significant and harsh , ” Davis said , but it is “ no longer monstrous and shocking . ”
“ The need for deterrence cannot justify a two million verdict for stealing and illegally distributing 24 songs for the sole purpose of obtaining free music , ” Davis said
ADVERTISEMENT
The recording companies which brought the suit have until Friday to accept the award or request a new trial .
Thomas - Rasset had been convicted previously , in October 2007 , and ordered to pay 220,000 dollars in damages but the judge who presided over that trial threw out the verdict calling it “ wholly disproportionate ” and “ oppressive . ”
The case was filed by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) , which has brought suit against thousands of people for illegally downloading and sharing music , with most agreeing to settlements of between 3,000 and 5,000 dollars .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thomas - Rasset was the first among those being sued to refuse a settlement , however , and took the case to court .
Her case is the only one among the thousands filed to have actually gone to trial .
In December 2008 , the RIAA said it will stop suing people who download music illegally and focus instead on getting Internet Service Providers to take action .
ADVERTISEMENT
The move away from litigation represented a major shift in strategy for the music industry group , which had filed lawsuits against some 35,000 people for online music piracy since 2003 .
Police were alerted after cocaine was found in a box of bananas Drug smugglers appear to have made a major slip - up , after huge quantities of cocaine were delivered to supermarkets in Spain hidden in boxes of bananas .
Police were alerted after a shelf - stacker at a Lidl supermarket in Madrid found a brick of neatly wrapped cocaine under a bunch of the fruit on Saturday .
Searching other Lidl shops , police sniffer dogs reportedly found 25 such packets , worth several million euros .
The fruit had been shipped in from Ecuador and Ivory Coast .
Reports suggest an error by drug smugglers had led to their failing to retrieve almost 80kg ( 175lb ) of cocaine from the boxes before they were distributed .
Police said the drug packets had not made it onto supermarket shelves .
Meanwhile , Dutch police arrested five men and seized more than a tonne of cocaine hidden in a shipment of whisky from Jamaica .
With a street value of some 30 m euros , the 1,100kg of cocaine was the largest Dutch seizure of drugs from the Caribbean island , Reuters reported .
Nappies and seafood
The plantain bananas had arrived at a Madrid wholesale fruit and vegetable market from the south - east port of Sagunto last week , destined for supermarkets in the Madrid area .
Lidl destroyed thousands of bananas after the discovery Bananas were removed from shelves of the Lidl supermarkets in the capital , and a tonne of the fruit had been destroyed , said a spokesman for the German company .
" It 's the first time that this has happened to Lidl in Spain - and we hope it's also the last , " he told the BBC .
A police investigation into the find has spread from the capital to the eastern Caceres region .
The discovery comes weeks after police discovered 228kg of cocaine hidden in banana boxes shipped into Sagunto .
Last year Spanish police seized more than 14 tonnes of cocaine , which had been smuggled into the country in stuffed animals , nappies , seafood and , in one instance , a picture of the Sacred Heart of Jesus .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Liquid water on Mars ?
Mars has no shortage of water – ice covers its poles and lies buried beneath its surface .
Now , according to images taken by NASA 's Phoenix lander , the Red Planet may also host liquid water .
Images of the lander 's legs suggest the spacecraft may have kicked up droplets of liquid water when it landed on Mars in 2008 ( colour added for emphasis ) .
A chemical called perchlorate , which was discovered at the site , could act as an anti-freeze , keeping the water liquid .
But it might also make the droplets too salty to support life .
Less salty pockets of water could lurk beneath deposits of ice and snow , warmed by a form of the greenhouse effect .
( Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona / Max Planck Institute . )
Water on the moon
The hunt for water on the moon has lasted for decades .
This year , three separate spacecraft found evidence that water may in fact be widespread , clinging to the lunar soil .
Hydrogen in the solar wind is thought to create the water when it collides with oxygen - rich materials on the lunar surface .
Although the water exists in trace amounts , some researchers suspect it could be harvested by heating the soil with microwaves .
The moon 's biggest cache of water may lie at the poles .
Bucketfuls of the stuff were kicked up in October , when NASA 's LCROSS satellite sent a spent rocket stage crashing into a permanently shadowed crater on the moon 's south pole .
( Illustration : University of Maryland / F. Merlin/ McREL )
NASA 's future questioned
Water or no water , the moon may no longer be NASA 's top choice for human exploration .
In May , US president Barack Obama ordered a special committee to review NASA 's plans for human spaceflight .
By October , the committee had released its final report , which lists a number of possible destinations , including ' gravity holes ' in space and Mars orbit .
NASA needs at least $ 3 billion more per year to send astronauts beyond low - Earth orbit , the committee found .
They also called into question the utility of NASA 's Ares I vehicle .
The rocket is designed to loft astronauts into orbit after the space shuttle retires in 2010 , but it may not be ready until 2017 , two years after the International Space Station is set to be scuttled .
NASA is still awaiting a decision by Obama on its future direction .
( Illustration : NASA ) Advertisement
Satellite crash
The problem of space junk took on heightened urgency this year , in the first ever collision of two intact satellites .
More than 1500 new pieces of space junk larger than 10 centimetres were created in the February smashup between a defunct Russian Cosmos 2251 satellite and US Iridium 33 communications satellite .
Space flotsam is a growing issue .
Some 19,000 orbiting objects at least 10 cm across are currently tracked by the US Air Force .
The United Nations and a number of national space agencies have now agreed on measures to mitigate the growth of debris , but future collisions and launches are expected to cause the amount of debris to balloon .
( Illustration : Analytical Graphics , Inc. ( www.agi.com))
New space telescopes
In a € 2 billion gamble , the European Space Agency successfully launched two pioneering telescopes aboard the same rocket in May .
Boasting a mirror ( pictured ) almost four times as big as NASA 's Spitzer , the infrared - sensitive Herschel Space Observatory is the largest telescope to be sent into orbit .
It will study cool celestial objects , from comets and asteroids in our own solar system to some of the universe 's most distant galaxies .
Herschel 's launch companion , Planck , will map the cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) , relic radiation from the big bang , with roughly 10 times the sensitivity of NASA 's WMAP satellite .
Planck could yield the first evidence of gravitational waves that are thought to have rippled through space - time as a result of inflation – a period just after the big bang when the universe rapidly expanded in size .
( Image : ESA )
Spirit struggles for life
2009 has not been a banner year for NASA 's Mars rover Spirit .
After five years roaming the Red Planet , the plucky explorer came to a halt in April when its wheels became mired in soft sand .
Worried that attempting to move the rover could make the situation worse , NASA used two prototype rovers to test escape manoeuvres in a sandbox in California .
Spirit made its first attempt to leave the area in November , some seven months after it got stuck .
Mission managers concede the rover may not escape .
Winter is approaching , and it could cause the rover 's solar - power levels to drop dangerously low before it can escape .
Spirit has also encountered a new technical glitch .
The rover has been dragging one of its wheels since 2006 .
A second wheel stalled in November .
If it can not be revived , the rover may be permanently stranded .
( Illustration : NASA / JPL )
Most distant object
A flash of gamma-ray light spotted by NASA 's Swift satellite in April was found to come from the most distant object in the universe yet spotted .
The burst came from a self - destructing star that exploded just 630 million years after the big bang .
The distance makes the now - dead star the earliest object to be discovered from an era called reionisation , which occurred within the first billion years after the big bang .
At that time , an obscuring fog of neutral hydrogen atoms was being burned off by radiation from the first stars and galaxies .
Finding more such bursts could shed light on this process .
( Image : Gemini Observatory / NSF / AURA /D. Fox / A. Cucchiara / E. Berger )
Alien worlds
More super - Earths , planets up to 10 times as massive as Earth , were found this year than in any previous year .
But Earth - sized planets , potentially the best environments for life , remained elusive .
The lightest to be found orbiting a normal star is a world called MOA - 2007 - BLG - 192 - L b. Originally thought to be 3 Earth masses , it is now believed to weigh just 1.4 Earths .
The year marked a number of other milestones for exoplanet searches .
Two planets were found to orbit their stars backwards , and a team found what may be the first exoplanet detected in another galaxy .
In March , NASA 's Kepler telescope launched to hunt for Earth - sized planets orbiting their stars at distances that could support life .
( Illustration : ESO )
NASA prizes
The competition in NASA 's Centennial Challenges programme , intended to spur the development of new technologies , heated up this year .
Controversy erupted in October after organisers at a mock lunar lander competition allowed a team extra time to try for the $ 1 million first prize , resulting in an upset that saw the favoured team walk away with second prize .
Also in October , a robot picked up and deposited more than 440 kilograms of mock moon dust , becoming the first winner in NASA 's Regolith Excavation Challenge , which was held for the third time this year .
In November , two designers took home $ 350,000 for glove prototypes that are easier to bend and use than NASA 's current model .
( Image : Tony Landis / NASA Dryden )
Zapped from afar
Space radiation hit a record high this year .
According to measurements from NASA 's Advanced Composition Explorer spacecraft , galactic cosmic rays – speeding , charged particles from outside the solar system – are 19 per cent more abundant now than at any time in the last 50 years .
The culprit is the sun 's magnetic field , which helps shield the solar system from cosmic rays .
The sun is at a minimum in its 11 - year cycle of magnetic activity , and this particular dip is deeper than any other seen in nearly a century .
( Image : SOHO Consortium / EIT / ESA / NASA )
Damn my broken camera !
I have tried and tried to get it working , looks like no dice on photos until I can get a new one .
I 'll edit some in when I can ( I can edit this right ? ? )
Anyway , Garrotte took a break from masturbating with Furbies ( source : http://www.reddit.com/r/TwoXChromosomes/comments/aelt2/xx_ladies_what_objects_have_you_used_to/c0h7lnq) long enough to send me a fantastic and somewhat NSFW etching of a dismembered topless woman .
She also thoughtfully included some Marmite which is on my menu for the next big breakfast I cook , along with some guanciale and artisan toast .
I 've wanted to try it for a long time !
The rest of the box was filled with doodads like a knitted squirrel finger puppet and a pink charm bracelet .
Sadly the frame the etching was in did not survive shipping from New Zealand ; however , I happen to have another frame that will work fine , and the etching was undamaged .
Kate Beaton
Anyway !
I wrote a few , so I split them into parts .
Dudes , these
Hosting by I think it 's funny when people complain super loud about how ' hipsters ruined ' this or that as though if hipsters would just go away the problem is solved and you can go back to wearing plaid shirts too or something .
Because I mean , directionless youths have always appropriated things and made them annoying !
You have it easy , oh reader !
The Beats had walking caricatures to deal with and Goethe had suicidal poet dandies on his doorstep .
Anyway !
I wrote a few , so I split them into parts .
Dudes , these Santa Cards I made are available at Topatoco !
He is in the festive spirit wink wink .
Hosting by Voxel Store !
This private residence located in Tokyo and designed by Japanese architect Norisada Maeda Atelier takes “ working from home ” to the next level .
It includes the home owner ’s dental practice on the ground floor , which is accessible from an entrance separate from the owner ’s home space .
Its steel structure has a white tile finish that gleams in light ( which is probably the inspiration for the house ’s name ) and the molding forms the spaces of the structure .
There is a music room , lounge , bedroom , and basement and the top floor includes a kitchen along with a swimming pool that looks beautiful at twilight and sunset .
Share This Article
Share
Share Tweet
Tweet Pin
Pin Submit
STOCKHOLM --
Annual worldwide illegal drug sales are greater than the gross domestic product of 88 percent of the countries in the world , the UN said yesterday .
'' This is not a small enemy against which we struggle .
It is a monster , " Antonio Maria Costa , head of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , said in an annual report .
Costa offered one tale of success .
The southeast Asian '' Golden Triangle , " once a major center of illicit poppy cultivation , could be declared opium - free by 2007 , thanks partly to antidrug operations by regional governments , he said .
But the overall picture appeared bleak .
The UN report , issued in Stockholm , said the global drug trade generated an estimated $ 321.6 billion in 2003 , the latest year for which figures were available .
'' The size of the world 's illicit drug industry is thus equivalent to 0.9 percent of the world 's GDP or higher than the GDP of 88 percent of the countries in the world , " Carsten Hyttel , East African representative of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime , told a Nairobi news conference .
It was the first time the UN drugs agency had made an estimate of the worth of the world 's illegal drug market , which it said was necessary to understand the breadth of its influence and its ability to destabilize countries .
'' Its ' companies ' are not listed on the stock exchange , they are not valued by any private accounting firm , and the dynamics of the drug industry are not regularly pored over by analysts , economists , and forecasters , " the report said .
The bulk of the money , $ 214 billion , was made at the retail level ; drugs sold in streets and back alleys .
Most of the buying was in North America , with 44 percent of all estimated sales , followed by Europe with 33 percent .
Africa was in last place with only 4 percent .
The drugs that constitute the biggest problem continue to be opiates , mainly heroin , and cocaine , which accounted for most of the nearly 22 million people the report termed problem drug users .
The outlook for supply of such drugs , the report said , would be determined by conditions in major producers such as Afghanistan .
© Copyright 2006 Globe Newspaper Company .
If you want to change the wallpaper that sits in the background of your Mac ’s login screen in OS X Leopard and Snow Leopard , from the Finder hit Command + Shift +
G to open the ‘ Go to Folder ’ screen .
Type / System / Library / CoreServices / and click ‘ Go ’ :
Next , find the image file called ‘ DefaultDesktop.jpg ’ – you should save a copy of this somewhere safe , or rename it to DefaultDesktop - backup.jpg or something of the sort , so that you can revert your changes .
After that file is safely backed up , add the new wallpaper image you want to use as the login background , naming it exactly the same as the previous file : DefaultDesktop.jpg
That ’s all there is to it !
Reboot and your login wallpaper is now whatever you set it to .
This works to change the login background in Mac OS X Snow Leopard 10.6
A recent issue of Forbes features a full - page ad for the consulting firm Accenture with Tiger Woods striding through tall grass .
The tagline reads , “ The road to high performance is n’t always paved . ”
To which the obvious rejoinder these days is “ Sometimes it runs straight into a fire hydrant . ”
Jokes about Woods ’s current woes come easy , but the story is not trivial — at least , not in terms of money .
Woods has been the best - paid athlete in the world for almost a decade , and much of that income is from endorsements ; ESPN once estimated that his lifetime earnings could total as much as six billion dollars .
When the scandal erupted , journalists and brand - marketing experts alike insisted that it would have little impact on Woods ’s advertising appeal , and his sponsors — including Nike , Gillette , and Gatorade — quickly affirmed their support for him .
But , from the start , this attitude seemed like wishful thinking .
The problem is n’t a question of morals , exactly ; it ’s that a huge gap has opened up between Woods ’s advertising persona and his public image .
With every new revelation , it seems that the biggest career in sports is being reshaped before our eyes .
Illustration by Christoph Niemann
The fact that a golfer ’s marital troubles might affect the bottom line of a multinational is a relatively recent phenomenon .
Although athletes have been endorsing products for more than a century — beginning , by most accounts , in 1905 , when Honus Wagner put his name on Louisville Slugger bats — the importance of endorsements to the sports economy really dates back to the sixties , when Arnold Palmer and his agent , Mark McCormack , effectively invented the athlete as brand , with Palmer the quintessential Everyman fronting for companies like Pennzoil , Hertz , and Sears .
In the eighties , Michael Jordan took the endorsement game to a new level , perfecting the iconic association of athlete and individual product with the Air Jordan line , while his off - the - court bonhomie made him an ideal spokesman for brands like Coca - Cola , McDonald ’s , and Hanes .
Woods , in turn , has broken new ground by becoming the face of Accenture , a company whose customers are corporations rather than ordinary consumers .
Like his predecessors , he has endorsed sports products and consumer goods .
But he has also become a kind of ubiquitous symbol of the business world .
There is a logic to this .
Unlike Palmer or Jordan , Woods never seemed warm or even especially personable .
Instead , he seemed resolutely businesslike .
Woods ’s appeal was based , ultimately , not on his physical abilities but on his mental toughness , his extraordinary capacity for focus and discipline .
He was the man who always made the key putt , who never cracked under pressure .
That ’s why Gatorade , introducing a new drink with his face on the label , called the drink Tiger Focus .
And it ’s why the most powerful Nike ad about him is the one in which his father , in a voice - over , says , “ I ’d say , ‘ Tiger , I promise you that you ’ll never meet another person as mentally tough as you in your entire life .
And he has n’t . . . and he never will .’ ”
In other words , Woods has been presented as the embodiment of bourgeois virtues : dedication , hard work , single - mindedness .
Indeed , when , in 2008 , Woods won the U.S.
Open while essentially playing on one leg , the Times ’ David Brooks devoted a column to his extraordinary ability to block out distraction and focus on the matter at hand , dubbing him “ the exemplar of mental discipline ” for our time .
For millions of people — many of them , to be sure , affluent middle - aged white guys — Woods embodied an approach not just to golf but to life .
Myriad studies show that celebrity endorsements are most successful when there is a tight fit between the pitchman ’s identity and the product he ’s pitching .
Woods was the rare athlete whose identity seemed to fit not just with golf clubs or sports drinks but with consulting firms .
The current scandal has disrupted , if not shattered , this image of perfect control .
Scandals that are n’t out of tune with a celebrity ’s image are often surprisingly easy to bounce back from : after images of Kate Moss snorting coke surfaced , her bookings fell , but , over time , they went up .
Revelations that Michael Jordan had lost hundreds of thousands of dollars gambling barely dented his appeal , since the story reinforced the image of him as a fierce competitor .
But scandals that conflict with a person ’s public image can wreak havoc .
And it ’s hard to think of a scandal that ’s more discordant with an image of focus and discipline than this one .
Woods ’s alleged cavorting with Vegas waitresses and celebrity groupies , his woeful “ sexts ” and voice mails , his driving his S.U.V. into a tree : all these things make him look weak and discombobulated .
Some have speculated , optimistically , that this may humanize the Tiger .
But that ’s exactly the problem : what was so amazing about Woods was precisely that he was n’t like the rest of us — that he was n’t weak or distracted .
Woods is too big a name for his sponsors to simply abandon him , even though Gatorade has discontinued its
Tiger line ( for other reasons , it says ) .
But the scandal may well narrow his appeal , turning him from someone whose virtues seemed relevant to many fields of work into someone whose virtues apply mainly to golf .
And while comebacks may be an American tradition , it ’s not clear that you can ever get all the way back : for instance , Kobe Bryant ’s endorsement income today is much smaller than his on - court performance would lead you to expect .
If Woods returns in April and wins the Masters , it will make for an extraordinary story .
Still , it seems unlikely that any company will be advising us to “ Be a Tiger ” anytime soon . ♦
Widespread protests followed the disputed result of Iran 's presidential election
The doctor who died at an Iranian detention centre holding opposition supporters was poisoned , the Iranian authorities have said .
But it was still not known if Dr Ramin Pourandarjani committed suicide or was murdered , an Iranian prosecutor said .
The coroner also revealed the person who delivered the food had been interrogated , reports said .
The 26 - year - old doctor was found dead on 10 November at the Kahrizak detention centre .
" The coroner said he died after consuming medical pills , the traces of which were found in his salad , " Tehran prosecutor Abbas Jafari Doulatabadi said .
Investigation
Two opposition supporters , arrested during the protests that followed disputed elections in June , died in the prison , according to officials .
But the opposition say many more have been killed in Kahrizak detention centre .
In July the prison was closed on the orders of Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
In October Iranian lawmakers called for an investigation into the deaths in custody .
Following his death Iran 's police chief said it was suspected he had committed suicide and that the medic was himself under investigation .
' Suspicious '
Gen Esmaeil Ahmadi-Moqaddam said a note which suggested he was feeling depressed had been found next to the body of Dr Pourandarjani .
Opposition groups and some MPs have described his death as " suspicious " .
Opposition websites say he had admitted to being forced to say that one detainee had died of meningitis , and to say nothing about what he had seen .
Many of those held at Kahrizak were people who had protested against the re-election in June of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
At least 30 protesters have been killed in clashes since the poll .
Thousands were detained and some 200 activists remain behind bars .
At least five people have been sentenced to death , prosecutors say .
Obama & the GOP
President Barack Obama appears in front of the House GOP Conference to discuss how the Republicans and Democrats can better work together .
A Los Angeles police officer killed in a motorcycle accident last week had been drinking at a bar on the department ’s training academy campus the night he died and had a blood - alcohol level “ well over ” the legal limit , a police official said Wednesday .
After the early - morning crash Dec. 3 , department officials launched an investigation into the circumstances surrounding Officer Kenneth Aragon ’s death in an effort to determine whether he was plied with too much alcohol by academy bartenders or got drunk at another location , said LAPD Cmdr .
David Doan , who is overseeing the inquiry .
Department officials are also taking a broader look at the long - running tradition of officers drinking at the academy .
They have ordered bar staff to undergo retraining on laws on serving alcohol , and put them on notice that undercover officers would be performing compliance checks in the future , Doan said .
Aragon , a 19 - year veteran of the department and father of five , spent several hours drinking and singing karaoke with other officers and guests in a banquet room outfitted with a bar on the upper floor of the academy ’s main building , Doan said .
They had gathered for ‘ payday Wednesday , ’ an unofficial but regular event held every other week at the idyllic Elysian Park campus to celebrate their latest paycheck .
The 47 - year - old officer left the academy about 12:30 a.m .
About 90 minutes later , , he crashed his motorcycle while driving north on Fletcher Drive , less than three miles from the academy .
Investigators , Doan said , have not yet learned where Aragon went during the unaccounted time , and he left open the possibility that the officer had gone to another bar before the crash .
Regardless , police are working to determine how much Aragon drank at the academy .
Investigators are reviewing video footage from a security camera in the bar and questioning the two bartenders working that night and officers who were drinking with Aragon , Doan said .
It is a misdemeanor crime in California to serve alcohol to someone who is visibly intoxicated .
When Aragon crashed , Doan said , he was “ certainly under the influence ” and “ well over the legal limit . ”
He declined to provide the results of blood - alcohol tests performed at the hospital where Aragon was pronounced dead .
The bar -- like most of the academy facilities -- is run by the Los Angeles Revolver and Athletic Club , a tax - exempt organization that is separate from the department and accepts only LAPD employees as members .
Except for the payday parties , the bar is typically open only for officer retirement parties and similar catered events .
Calls to members of the club ’s management were not returned .
Beyond the details of Aragon ’s death , Doan said investigators are examining whether bartenders at the academy are properly licensed .
Department officials are also “ looking at whether there is adequate oversight ” of the Wednesday - night gatherings .
Payday Wednesdays hold a particularly infamous spot in LAPD lore .
Older officers tell sordid stories of wild , booze - fueled gatherings in the 1970s and ‘ 80s , at which officers and female guests had sex in the academy ’s garden .
One well - known legend holds that a guardrail in front of a home set on a sharp turn in the road leading out of the academy was installed after several drunk officers failed to navigate the bend .
Several officers say academy gatherings are much more staid today .
joel.rubin@latimes.com
Man Stuff has no parabens or petroleum by products , and no lanolin .
Man Stuff has no greasy residue or lingering scent , and it wo n’t compete with your choice of after - shave or cologne .
Our products and most of the packaging are made and sourced in the U.S.A .
We need to care about our neighbors , and that means helping jobs stay in America .
( Reuters ) - The U.S. Senate will resume debate this month on financial regulatory reform , but a handful of changes some see as crucial are not on the table .
Below is a summary of five proposals excluded from a bill approved last month by the House of Representatives , and from a draft bill being debated in the Senate Banking Committee .
* MORTGAGE ‘CRAMDOWN ’:
In a proposal backed by homeowner activists and many Democrats , bankruptcy law would be rewritten to allow judges to change the terms of mortgages for distressed borrowers in bankruptcy court .
Known as mortgage “ cramdown , ” the idea is opposed by the banking industry , which won a victory last month when an amendment that would have added “ cramdown ” to the House ’s financial regulation reform bill was defeated .
The House had approved a “ cramdown ” measure in March over the objections of Republicans , but it died in the Senate .
Under present law , bankruptcy courts may reduce many forms of debt for struggling borrowers -- including for a boat , car , vacation home or family farm -- but not a primary residence .
Cramdown would help stem the home foreclosure wave continuing across the United States , its advocates say .
But opponents say it would raise costs for everyone and divert capital from the mortgage debt market .
* NEW CREDIT RATING AGENCY BUSINESS MODEL :
Tighter regulation of credit rating agencies -- such as Moody ’s Corp , Standard & Poor ’s and Fitch Ratings -- is proposed by both the House bill approved last month and the bill under debate in the Senate .
But neither calls for basic change in the so - called “ issuer pays ” business model that critics say presents credit rating agencies with a glaring conflict of interest .
Most of the agencies ’ revenue comes from the issuers of bonds and other debt instruments that the agencies evaluate and issue ratings on .
Critics say that can mean that ratings are colored by the agencies ’ need to win and keep business .
Congressional aides said lawmakers could not find a way to change that business model without destroying the industry .
Rating agencies were widely blamed for failing to spot problems in the subprime mortgage market and other areas ahead of the 2008 global financial crisis .
* MERGING SEC AND CFTC :
The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission regulate financial markets so inextricably linked that critics for decades have said the two agencies should be one .
A year ago , when the Obama administration took over and the financial crisis was in full swing , a CFTC - SEC merger looked like a possibility .
But as the House of Representatives began hammering out a politically realistic set of post - crisis financial reforms , the merger slipped from view .
Neither agency wanted it since it would threaten jobs and turf .
Financial services industry lobbyists were divided , with some favoring a merger and others against it .
Some policymakers saw virtue in preserving competition between the agencies .
In the end , legislators said , in a perfect world , the two agencies would be combined , but that just is n’t Washington .
* FIXING FANNIE MAE AND FREDDIE MAC :
The two giants of U.S. mortgage finance -- Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac -- need a major overhaul .
That much both political parties in Congress can agree on .
But the consensus pretty much ends there .
The Obama administration has said it will sketch out a reform plan for the two agencies in February .
So contentious is the struggle over fixing Fannie and Freddie that Democrats opted to shelve it for now , excluding the issue from financial regulation reform bills in the House and Senate .
They pledged to deal with it later .
Fannie and Freddie together own or guarantee half of all U.S. mortgages .
Both were seized by the U.S. government and put into conservatorship in September 2008 at the outset of a financial crisis that rocked capital markets worldwide .
* USURY CAPS :
Several congressional Democrats have introduced a bill to cap credit card interest rates , but the measure is not included in either of the main House or Senate packages .
Another bill offered in the Senate last year would cap rates at 36 percent for all consumer credit -- mortgages , payday loans , car title loans -- not just credit cards .
It is not included in the two main legislative packages either .
Some states have usury laws .
Both the main House and Senate reform packages have provisions saying how often and how far federal regulators may preempt , or block , state consumer protection laws , which can affect state usury statutes .
One of the conclusions which can be drawn from deconstructing the 2009 WEO , the IEA 's forecast of energy supply and demand out 20 years to 2030 , is that the IEA estimates that the average new vehicle sold in Japan in 2030 will have to attain on average 85 miles per gallon .
Even small motorcycles cannot get close to that level of efficiency in everyday use today .
Those 2030 Japanese vehicles will have to be plug in hybrids and Japan will have to build electrical capacity to handle this demand .
The OECD International Energy Agency ( IEA ) is the taxpayer - funded energy advisor to the 28 most developed countries .
The agency was created in 1974 by large oil consuming nations in response to an oil supply embargo which began in late 1973 .
Oil supplied to the global market in 2009 is just over 84 million barrels per day ( Mbpd ) .
The big headline grabbing number in the WEO report this year is that the IEA believes global oil supply in 2030 will be around 105 Mbpd .
Although the IEA 's 105 Mbpd 2030 supply forecast is down significantly from previous WEOs , it will still require the discovery and development of at least four Saudi Arabian sized oil producing areas before 2030 .
This huge challenge is the IEA 's basic " reference scenario " .
What most people are interested in from a modeling perspective is the logic and assumptions the IEA uses .
In this regard , this years IEA supply side estimate methodology appears to have a certain predictability .
In fact , let me pull up an old chart of mine showing oil supply at 4.6 barrels per year per capita over the past 27 years ( see chart below ) .
What does the IEA 2009 WEO forecast for 2030 ?
You will not be surprised that it is almost exactly 4.6 .
Plug in the current global population and UN population growth estimates between now and 2030 et voila : IEA global oil supply estimates almost to the barrel .
( click chart to enlarge )
There is nothing wrong with using 4.6 .
Using 4.6 is a reasonable starting point for modeling required oil supply .
Remember that the IEA 's basic supply side case to get to the 4.6 number assumes at least four Saudi Arabias will be among those discovered and developed over the next 20 years - a whopper of an assumption .
Estimating actual oil supply out 20 years is much more challenging given that most of the oil which will be supplied in 2030 has not yet been discovered .
The IEA goes on to estimate how the 4.6 barrels per year per person globally will be broken out by geographic region on the demand side of the oil equation .
Their conundrum is that if China , India and other non-OECD countries continue to grow as expected then someone else has to reduce oil consumption through voluntary or forced efficiency .
The IEA is forecasting per capita oil consumption efficiency improvements of just over 20 % in each of the US and OECD Europe .
Amazingly the IEA is forecasting a per capita efficiency improvement of around 40 % for Japan .
This is after taking into account population changes .
These efficiency numbers are the IEA requirements under their basic " reference scenario " .
Another interesting point to note is that the IEA WEO forecasts non-OECD ( which includes China and India ) per capita oil demand to only increase by a total of 14 % between now and 2030 despite forecasting compound annual economic growth of around 5 % per year for non-OECD countries .
This implies extremely large per capita oil demand efficiency , greater than Japan 's 40 % , in the non-OECD developing world .
What will cause this efficiency : climate change legislation , slower than expected economic and / or population growth , availability of niche alternatives such as CNG and electric vehicles or persistently high oil prices ?
It will be a combination of all these -- but most likely will be as a result of high oil prices .
The IEA WEO report forecasts oil prices rising to an average of US $ 100 by 2020 and US$ 115 by 2030 ( in year - 2008 dollars ) .
However , based on an analysis ( see pages 15 and 16 of Oil 101 ) of rare past periods of oil consumption efficiency it is unikely that the IEA 's price forecasts are sufficiently high by a long shot to create the required efficiency .
What to do ?
It can not be stressed any more how the winners in the IEA reference scenario to 2030 , which many outside the IEA see as too optimistic , will be those that get ahead in terms of efficiency .
Reacting to oil prices is by definition too late .
That is why a Vehicle Efficiency Market is the least painful way for individual countries to gain advantage .
We have to create an economic incentive to become more efficient independent and ahead of oil prices .
The sleek red hub , called the Copenhagen Wheel , was to be unveiled Tuesday morning in Copenhagen .
It can be retrofitted to any bike ’s rear wheel , and it includes sensors that track air quality , a meter that logs miles and a GPS unit to track routes .
All that data can be sent via Bluetooth to a rider ’s smartphone and shared with others .
The laboratory is trying to eliminate the clunkiness of other electric bikes with heavy batteries and unwieldy wires by placing all the technology into the wheel , said Christine Outram , the project ’s lead researcher .
“ It ’s a technology that can get more people on bikes , ” she said .
But other experts are skeptical .
“ Just the basic bike is so hard to beat , ” said Steve Hed , a wheel designer and the owner of Hed Cycling Products in Shoreview , Minn. , who has fitted wheels for the likes of Lance Armstrong .
“ The latest thing now are the simple , fixed - gear bikes , so simple and light you can throw them over your shoulder . ”
This is a period of change in the bicycle design world , said Jens Martin Skibsted , a Danish designer who owns the biking company Biomega and the design firm Kibisi .
Mr. Skibsted believes that over the next few years several popular new designs will emerge to serve an increasingly urban population trying to wean itself off cars .
In such periods of change , he said , “ the winner will seldom be the one that ’s most functional , but rather the one that can become an inherent part of our culture . ”
Microsoft yanked its $ 150 Windows 7 Family Pack from the U.S. market last week , saying that the limited time offer had expired .
The page dedicated to the Family Pack now reads : " Thank you for your interest in Windows 7 .
The Windows 7 Family Pack offer has ended . "
Some sellers have taken advantage of Family Pack 's disappearance to jack up prices of their remaining copies of the three - PC upgrade by as much as 90 % .
The special offer , which debuted shortly before the Oct. 22 retail launch of Windows 7 , let buyers upgrade as many as three PCs from Windows XP or Vista to Windows 7 Home Premium .
The $ 149.99 price of the Family Pack represented a savings of $ 210 over three separate copies of Windows 7 Home Premium Upgrade , which lists for $ 119.99 .
When it announced Family Pack , Microsoft said that the deal would run only while supplies lasted , but declined to specify how many copies it would push into the market or when it would end .
Family Pack was n't the only discount that Microsoft has offered for a short time .
Last summer , it pre-sold Windows 7 Home Premium Upgrade at $ 49.99 for just two weeks in the U.S .
Although blogger Paul Thurrott first noted the demise of Family Pack last Friday , searches of search engine caches showed that Microsoft pulled the edition as early as Dec. 1 , while users reported online that they had had trouble finding the discounted upgrade the week before .
" As of 11 - 26 - 09 , the Microsoft Store does not offer the Family Pack , " said a user identified as " Jen " in messages on About.com .
" Their website does n't have it and I also called and spoke with a rep who confirmed this . "
On Dec. 1 , someone tagged as " Mark A " echoed Jen 's comment .
" Yesterday [ Microsoft 's site ] linked me stores around my area that were suppose to sale [ sic ] it .
However , several trips to local outlets was futile .
I then called the Microsoft Store and they claimed they had been out of stock for past 2 weeks and can't sale [ sic ] it . "
The sudden disappearance of Family Pack raised hackles .
" [ I ] am frustrated as I had planned on picking up the Family Pack in December .
As others have pointed out , there was no warning that the deal was about to expire , " said " TonyB " on the same Answer.com thread .
Several sellers affiliated with Amazon.com still listed Family Pack as of Sunday , but had marked up the price between 70 % and 90 % , to between $ 255 and $ 285 .
Nearly 60 sellers were also offering Family Pack on eBay Sunday , with Buy It Now prices as low as $ 225 and as high as $ 255 .
Other sellers were taking bids on the software .
Minus the Family Pack , consumers wanting to upgrade multiple Windows XP or Vista PCs to Windows 7 must purchase individual licenses .
Sunday , Amazon priced an upgrade to Home Premium at $ 109.49 , a 9 % mark - down .
Wal - Mart 's
Web site has the same software for $ 109.82 , while Newegg.com sells it for $ 109.99 .
At Amazon 's price , it would cost $ 328.47 to upgrade three PCs , or more than double the price of the now - discontinued Family Pack .
Several prominent bloggers have blasted Microsoft for pulling Family Pack .
ZDNet 's Ed Bott , for example , called it a " dumb move " in a Friday tweet and " stupid and short - sighted " in a later entry on his Windows Expertise blog .
BetaNews ' Joe Wilcox , meanwhile , said , " I 've got a new spelling for ' Scrooge . '
M - i - c - r - o - s - o - f - t , " in a Saturday post .
Both Thurrott and Wilcox compared Microsoft 's limited - time offer to Apple 's permanent discount for its Mac OS X operating system .
Apple sells a Snow Leopard upgrade for $ 29 , and a five - license Family Pack for $ 49 , a $ 96 savings over five separate upgrades .
Aaron Maldonado died that night in 2005 , and Ms. Maldonado and their 16 - year - old son , Randy , who participated in the killing , were arrested .
Rather than face jury trials for murder , they accepted plea bargains that sent Randy to jail for 75 months and his mother for 10 years .
At the sentencing hearing the judge said that he believed the Maldonados ’ accounts of 20 years ’ of horrific abuse , but that he could n’t let them walk away , “ because we do n’t work that way . ”
Image A documentary tells the story of Wendy Maldonado , who killed her abusive husband .
Credit ...
Southern Oregon Public Defender 's Office
The film tells this story almost entirely from Wendy and Randy Maldonado ’s point of view , but it does n’t feel one - sided ; it ’s easy to be convinced , as the judge was , of Ms. Maldonado ’s credibility .
The bulk of the film takes place in the four days before that April 2006 hearing .
( After her conviction Ms. Maldonado was allowed to remain out on bail until her three younger sons ’ spring break . )
The cameras are inside the house as she packs for prison , bakes cookies , watches home movies and matter - of - factly recounts her husband ’s brutal behavior .
The boys describe their father routinely smashing her head into the walls , and photographs show a sickening number of holes .
Ms. Maldonado , embarrassed but determined , takes out her dental bridge to show her four remaining teeth .
Both Wendy and Randy Maldonado , who is interviewed in prison , describe a reign of terror in which any attempt to seek help or escape would have led to retribution against other family members .
Viewers may wonder about that explanation , and wonder even more about the role of neighbors who say they were aware of the constant beatings and relatives who say they were n’t .
But there ’s no denying the suffering .
At the hearing the judge says , “ Maybe you have an argument to take to the legislature to expand justifiable homicide under the law . ”
But on this day Wendy Maldonado  having , as she and many others see it , saved her life and the lives of her sons  says goodbye to her family and disappears through a door labeled “ Intake . ”
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 3/1/2010 ( 3923 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
It started out as the flight from hell and ended with a taste of heaven .
On her way home from Christmas spent with her daughter in Corpus Christi , Texas , 80 - year - old Elsie Clark found herself stranded in a deserted corner of the Dallas - Fort Worth airport Wednesday .
Clark has trouble with her hip and asked to be taken by wheelchair to her connecting gate , but she was dumped at the wrong one .
By the time she found someone to help her , she 'd missed her flight to Winnipeg .
DAVID LIPNOWSKI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS
Elsie Clark is back home in Winnipeg after a near - dreadful flying experience was rescued by a generous Chicagoan .
With nary an apology -- even though Clark was in tears -- airline staff booked her on a later flight to Chicago .
That 's when her luck changed .
" He was my guardian angel , " said Clark from her tidy West End home Saturday .
" I hope someone will hear this story and know what he did and it will catch on . "
On the flight to Chicago , Clark struck up a conversation with a young businessman across the aisle .
" I asked him about his shoes , " she said .
" Ever since I was a kid , I 've always been fascinated by very shiny shoes . "
( That 's because , as a farm girl in Saskatchewan , she accidentally told an undercover RCMP officer with very shiny shoes about her uncle 's homebrew operation out in the bush .
But that 's another story . )
The man across the aisle , Dean Germeyer , must have overheard Clark fretting to the flight attendant about making her tight connection to Winnipeg .
Knowing about her trouble in Dallas , Germeyer quietly arranged for Clark to get off the plane first with him so he could escort her to her gate .
But Clark again missed her flight , this time by ten minutes .
She had n't eaten for hours and was very upset .
" I would have sat there on a bench all night and waited for the next plane in the morning , " said Clark , who is on a fixed income and blanched at the thought of a $ 75 cab ride into Chicago .
" But he said ' Elsie , I 'll look after you .
I 've called my wife and you 're coming over for dinner . ' "
Turned out Germeyer , an executive with the global information technology firm ACS , lived in a condo on the 56th floor of a posh downtown highrise , with views of the Wrigley Building and Trump Tower .
After dinner , Germeyer took Clark for a tour of the city in his BMW and dropped her off at a chic boutique hotel for the night , all paid for .
" He walked in with me on his arm so I would n't slip and said , ' look after this lady , ' " she said .
" When I got up to my room , it was n't a room , it was a suite !
I had to use my cane just to walk to the bathroom . "
Since Clark had no luggage -- it arrived in Winnipeg before she did -- Germeyer arranged to have some toiletries and snacks sent to the room .
The next morning , Germeyer sent a limousine to pick her up for the early morning flight back to Winnipeg .
" Have you ever heard anything like it before in your life ? " asked Clark .
" My daughter asked if he had a brother ! "
Later , Clark phoned Germeyer 's parents to speak to them and they said they 'd already heard the story .
" He told them he could n't sleep knowing he'd left that lady stuck in the airport . "
maryagnes.welch@freepress.mb.ca
Image via Wikipedia
So your courts finally and unapologetically sold your democracy out to the corporations .
Are you truly that surprised ?
I see a lot of gnashing of teeth lately online from people who are outraged , Outraged that their high courts would pass such a ruling .
“ How can they not see that they ’re handing the power over to the plutocracy ? ” , “ There goes our democracy ” , Boo - hoo - fucking - hoo .
WELL , WAKE UP AND SMELL THE FUCKING COFFEE .
Your democracy has been a farce ever since your corporations started being considered “ persons ” in the late 19th century .
Your politics and your government and your justice system and your enforcement agencies have always worked for the benefits of the rich only .
Whatever crumbs of wealth and illusions of democracy you received were only to prevent you from realizing the truth of your situation .
But you ’ve been so pathetic lately that they know they can get away by spitting at your illusions directly .
I find it extremely humorous that after all the things that have been taken from you .
After all the rights you ’ve lost , all the people they ’ve imprisoned for nothing , all the people they ’ve killed and tortured , all the wealth they ’ve transferred straight out of your pocket to theirs , now you get all upset and seeing the dystopian future that awaits you ?
They ’ve been turning your constitution into toilet paper for the last decade ( not to mention defecating in the spirit of liberty for the last 150 ) and you ’re still surprised when they crassly continue doing it ?
Who ’s going to stop them ?
Your politicians ?
Those were in their corporate pockets long before this latest detail , and it is a detail after all for it functionally changes nothing in the way your political system has always worked .
They know how to bypass such limitation for a long while now .
They ’re just confident enough with your pathetic resistance that they do n’t even care to keep up the pretenses .
Your justice system ?
Only deluded fools with naive beliefs in the efficiency of common law or due process can still expect that there ’s some objectivity in the legal system that appropriately balances the interest of the poor to the interests of the wealthy .
That the process by which laws and rules were created ensures their fairness .
That rich judges with a constitution and politicians making laws skewed towards the wealthy , would create legal precedents that went contrary to the spirit of your “ justice ” ( i.e. protect the rich from the poor ) .
Perhaps this might wake some of you up but I doubt it .
The only thing you people seem to think first when they ’re once again preparing the lubricants is to vote for the brand .
Yes , lobby some politician to pass some law , or even better , waste your time building yet another non-starter .
When are you going to realize that these things do n’t work .
Not because you may not get another Pyrrhic victory in such issues , but because your whole system is rotten to the core .
These are just the latest symptoms of the decay .
Realize finally that what you ’ve been told to believe since you were kids , that your democracy works , is a lie .
It does not .
No matter how likable the muppet you have at the front is .
Your only solution is to tear it down and start from a solid basis again , not battle with palliatives .
So can we please stop with the impotent internet outrages ?
At the least switch do some good ol ’ honest cynicism .
This is nothing novel or important .
It ’s only business as usual .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Ethan Suplee has established himself over the past few decades as an actor of considerable talent and accomplishment .
His diverse and eclectic resume ranges from hilarious roles in such comedies as Mallrats ( 1995 ) and Trouble ohne Paddel ( 2004 ) to hauntingly dramatic performances in intense features such as American History X ( 1998 ) , Blow ( 2001 ) ...
Zope quote¶
I answered a question on stackoverflow.com about zope internals , asked from a django viewpoint .
At the end I mentioned grok as a “ friendly packaged zope ” .
I got a hilariously great comment on that by Stefano Borini :
… calling grok a friendly packaged zope is like calling a pirahna a friendly packaged shark .
It still bites .
Great quote :-)
If you 're about to try to negotiate a pay rise , it might be a good idea to have a sugary drink beforehand , according to a study published this week in Psychological Science .
Researchers at the University of South Dakota asked 65 students to answer a series of questions in which they had to choose between getting a smaller sum of money " tomorrow " or a larger sum in the future .
The study participants responded to half the questions on an empty stomach and the other half after consuming a caffeine - free soda sweetened either with sugar or the artificial sweetener aspartame .
Blood glucose levels were measured at the start of the experiment and after the volunteers drank the soda .
" Within 10 minutes of drinking a sugary soda , participants ' interest in a larger , future reward was higher , " Xiao - Tian Wang , one of the psychological scientists who led the study , told AFP .
" It 's like when you eat : if your blood sugar 's high , you can wait longer to eat , " Wang said .
" We did the study to see if the blood glucose level not only regulates eating behavior but also decision - making .
In other words , can you wait longer to get a bigger reward when your blood glucose levels are higher ?
" We found that , yes , you can , " said Wang , who conducted the study with fellow psychological scientist Robert Dvorak .
Not only did having a higher blood sugar level make study participants less likely to act impulsively , but taking a diet drink made people more likely to act on impulse and take the immediate , smaller reward , Wang said .
" Giving someone a diet drink tells the body that there 's an ' energy crisis ' because you 're giving it something that tastes good but it has no calories .
" Your body realizes that and tries to grab everything available right now .
So diet soft drinks lead to increased impulsivity , " he told AFP .
Explore further Sweet future : Fluctuating blood glucose levels may affect decision making
( c ) 2010 AFP
Datenschutz & Impressum
Impressum
Externe Links
Urheberrecht
Datenschutzerklärung
Verantwortlicher
Arten der verarbeiteten Daten
Zweck der Verarbeitung
Verwendete Begrifflichkeiten
Maßgebliche Rechtsgrundlagen
Sicherheitsmaßnahmen
Zusammenarbeit mit Auftragsverarbeitern und Dritten
Übermittlungen in Drittländer
Rechte der betroffenen Personen
Widerrufsrecht
Widerspruchsrecht
Cookies und Widerspruchsrecht bei Direktwerbung
Löschung von Daten
Hosting
Erhebung von Zugriffsdaten und Logfiles
Close
Angaben gemäß § 5 TMG : Prof. Dr.-Ing . Andreas Ittnerc / o Hochschule MittweidaTechnikumplatz 17D-09648 MittweidaDeutschlandTel. +49 3727 58-1288 Fax +49 3727 58-21288Die
Inhalte externer Links unterliegen der ausschließlichen Haftung der jeweiligen Anbieter .
Alle veröffentlichten Inhalte und Abbildungen sind urheberrechtlich geschützt .
Jede vom Urheberrechtsgesetz nicht zugelassene Verwertung bedarf der vorherigen schriftlichen Zustimmung ( Einwilligung ) .
Dies gilt insbesondere auch für die Vervielfältigung , Bearbeitung , Übersetzung , Einspeicherung , Verarbeitung bzw .
Wiedergabe von Inhalten in Datenbanken oder anderen elektronischen Medien und Systemen .
Diese Datenschutzerklärung klärt
Sie über die Art , den Umfang und Zweck der Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten ( nachfolgend kurz „ Daten “ ) innerhalb unseres Onlineangebotes und der mit ihm verbundenen Webseiten , Funktionen und Inhalte sowie externen Onlinepräsenzen , wie z.B. unser Social Media Profile auf .
( nachfolgend gemeinsam bezeichnet als „ Onlineangebot “ ) .
Im Hinblick auf die verwendeten Begrifflichkeiten , wie z.B. „ Verarbeitung “ oder „ Verantwortlicher “ verweisen wir auf die Definitionen im Art. 4 der Datenschutzgrundverordnung ( DSGVO ) .
Prof. Dr.-Ing . Andreas Ittnerc / o Hochschule MittweidaTechnikumplatz 17D-09648 MittweidaDeutschlandTel. +49 3727 58-1288 Fax +49 3727 58-21288Bestandsdaten ( z.B. , Namen , Adressen ) .
Kontaktdaten ( z.B. , E - Mail , Telefonnummern ) .
Inhaltsdaten ( z.B. , Texteingaben , Fotografien , Videos ) .
Nutzungsdaten ( z.B. , besuchte Webseiten , Interesse an Inhalten , Zugriffszeiten ) .
Meta-/Kommunikationsdaten ( z.B. , Geräte - Informationen , IP - Adressen ) .
Zurverfügungstellung des Onlineangebotes , seiner Funktionen und InhalteBeantwortung von Kontaktanfragen und Kommunikation mit NutzernSicherheitsmaßnahmenReichweitenmessung / Marketing „ Personenbezogene Daten “ sind alle Informationen , die sich auf eine identifizierte oder identifizierbare natürliche Person ( im Folgenden „ betroffene Person “ ) beziehen ; als identifizierbar wird eine natürliche Person angesehen , die direkt oder indirekt , insbesondere mittels Zuordnung zu einer Kennung wie einem Namen , zu einer Kennnummer , zu Standortdaten , zu einer Online - Kennung ( z.B. Cookie ) oder zu einem oder mehreren besonderen Merkmalen identifiziert werden kann , die Ausdruck der physischen , physiologischen , genetischen , psychischen , wirtschaftlichen , kulturellen oder sozialen Identität dieser natürlichen Person sind . „ Verarbeitung “ ist jeder mit oder ohne Hilfe automatisierter Verfahren ausgeführten Vorgang oder jede solche Vorgangsreihe im Zusammenhang mit personenbezogenen Daten .
Der Begriff reicht weit und umfasst praktisch jeden Umgang mit Daten .
Als „ Verantwortlicher “ wird die natürliche oder juristische Person , Behörde , Einrichtung oder andere Stelle , die allein oder gemeinsam mit anderen über die Zwecke und Mittel der Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten entscheidet , bezeichnet .
Nach Maßgabe des Art. 13 DSGVO teilen wir Ihnen die Rechtsgrundlagen unserer Datenverarbeitungen mit .
Sofern die Rechtsgrundlage in der Datenschutzerklärung nicht genannt wird , gilt Folgendes : Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Einholung von Einwilligungen ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a und Art. 7 DSGVO , die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung zur Erfüllung unserer Leistungen und Durchführung vertraglicher Maßnahmen sowie Beantwortung von Anfragen ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO , die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung zur Erfüllung unserer rechtlichen Verpflichtungen ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. c DSGVO , und die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung zur Wahrung unserer berechtigten Interessen ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO .
Für den Fall , dass lebenswichtige Interessen der betroffenen Person oder einer anderen natürlichen Person eine Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten erforderlich machen , dient Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. d DSGVO als Rechtsgrundlage .
Wir bitten
Sie sich regelmäßig über den Inhalt unserer Datenschutzerklärung zu informieren .
Wir passen die Datenschutzerklärung an , sobald die Änderungen der von uns durchgeführten Datenverarbeitungen dies erforderlich machen .
Wir informieren Sie , sobald durch die Änderungen eine Mitwirkungshandlung Ihrerseits ( z.B. Einwilligung ) oder eine sonstige individuelle Benachrichtigung erforderlich wird .
Sofern wir im Rahmen unserer Verarbeitung Daten gegenüber anderen Personen und Unternehmen ( Auftragsverarbeitern oder Dritten ) offenbaren , sie an diese übermitteln oder ihnen sonst Zugriff auf die Daten gewähren , erfolgt dies nur auf Grundlage einer gesetzlichen Erlaubnis ( z.B. wenn eine Übermittlung der Daten an Dritte , wie an Zahlungsdienstleister , gem .
Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b DSGVO zur Vertragserfüllung erforderlich ist ) ,
Sie eingewilligt haben , eine rechtliche Verpflichtung dies vorsieht oder auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen ( z.B. beim Einsatz von Beauftragten , Webhostern , etc. ) .
Sofern wir Dritte mit der Verarbeitung von Daten auf Grundlage eines sog .
„ Auftragsverarbeitungsvertrages “ beauftragen , geschieht dies auf Grundlage des Art. 28 DSGVO .
Sofern wir Daten in einem Drittland ( d.h. außerhalb der Europäischen Union ( EU ) oder des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums ( EWR ) ) verarbeiten oder dies im Rahmen der Inanspruchnahme von Diensten Dritter oder Offenlegung , bzw .
Übermittlung von Daten an Dritte geschieht , erfolgt dies nur , wenn es zur Erfüllung unserer ( vor ) vertraglichen Pflichten , auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung , aufgrund einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung oder auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen geschieht .
Vorbehaltlich gesetzlicher oder vertraglicher Erlaubnisse , verarbeiten oder lassen wir die Daten in einem Drittland nur beim Vorliegen der besonderen Voraussetzungen der Art. 44 ff. DSGVO verarbeiten .
D.h. die Verarbeitung erfolgt z.B. auf Grundlage besonderer Garantien , wie der offiziell anerkannten Feststellung eines der EU entsprechenden Datenschutzniveaus ( z.B. für die USA durch das „ Privacy Shield “ ) oder Beachtung offiziell anerkannter spezieller vertraglicher Verpflichtungen ( so genannte „ Standardvertragsklauseln “ ) .
Sie haben das Recht , eine Bestätigung darüber zu verlangen , ob betreffende Daten verarbeitet werden und auf Auskunft über diese Daten sowie auf weitere Informationen und Kopie der Daten entsprechend Art. 15 DSGVO .
Sie haben entsprechend .
Art. 16 DSGVO das Recht , die Vervollständigung der Sie betreffenden Daten oder die Berichtigung der Sie betreffenden unrichtigen Daten zu verlangen .
Sie haben nach Maßgabe des Art. 17 DSGVO das Recht zu verlangen , dass betreffende Daten unverzüglich gelöscht werden , bzw .
alternativ nach Maßgabe des Art. 18 DSGVO eine Einschränkung der Verarbeitung der Daten zu verlangen .
Sie haben das Recht zu verlangen , dass die Sie betreffenden Daten , die Sie uns bereitgestellt haben nach Maßgabe des Art. 20 DSGVO zu erhalten und deren Übermittlung an andere Verantwortliche zu fordern .
Sie haben ferner gem .
Art. 77 DSGVO das Recht , eine Beschwerde bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde einzureichen .
Sie haben das Recht , erteilte Einwilligungen gem .
Art. 7 Abs. 3 DSGVO mit Wirkung für die Zukunft zu widerrufenSie können der künftigen Verarbeitung der Sie betreffenden Daten nach Maßgabe des Art. 21 DSGVO jederzeit widersprechen .
Der Widerspruch kann insbesondere gegen die Verarbeitung für Zwecke der Direktwerbung erfolgen .
Als „ Cookies “ werden kleine Dateien bezeichnet , die auf Rechnern der Nutzer gespeichert werden .
Innerhalb der Cookies können unterschiedliche Angaben gespeichert werden .
Ein Cookie dient primär dazu , die Angaben zu einem Nutzer ( bzw. dem Gerät auf dem das Cookie gespeichert ist ) während oder auch nach seinem Besuch innerhalb eines Onlineangebotes zu speichern .
Als temporäre Cookies , bzw .
„ Session - Cookies “ oder „ transiente Cookies “ , werden Cookies bezeichnet , die gelöscht werden , nachdem ein Nutzer ein Onlineangebot verlässt und seinen Browser schließt .
In einem solchen Cookie kann z.B. der Inhalt eines Warenkorbs in einem Onlineshop oder ein Login - Staus gespeichert werden .
Als „ permanent “ oder „ persistent “ werden Cookies bezeichnet , die auch nach dem Schließen des Browsers gespeichert bleiben .
So kann z.B. der Login - Status gespeichert werden , wenn die Nutzer diese nach mehreren Tagen aufsuchen .
Ebenso können in einem solchen Cookie die Interessen der Nutzer gespeichert werden , die für Reichweitenmessung oder Marketingzwecke verwendet werden .
Als „ Third - Party - Cookie “ werden Cookies bezeichnet , die von anderen Anbietern als dem Verantwortlichen , der das Onlineangebot betreibt , angeboten werden ( andernfalls , wenn es nur dessen Cookies sind spricht man von First - Party Cookies ) .
Wir können temporäre und permanente Cookies einsetzen und klären hierüber im Rahmen unserer Datenschutzerklärung auf .
Falls die Nutzer nicht möchten , dass Cookies auf ihrem Rechner gespeichert werden , werden sie gebeten die entsprechende Option in den Systemeinstellungen ihres Browsers zu deaktivieren .
Gespeicherte Cookies können in den Systemeinstellungen des Browsers gelöscht werden .
Der Ausschluss von Cookies kann zu Funktionseinschränkungen dieses Onlineangebotes führen .
Ein genereller Widerspruch gegen den Einsatz der zu Zwecken des Onlinemarketing eingesetzten Cookies kann bei einer Vielzahl der Dienste , vor allem im Fall des Trackings , über die US - amerikanische Seite http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ oder die EU - Seite http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ erklärt werden .
Des Weiteren kann die Speicherung von Cookies mittels deren Abschaltung in den Einstellungen des Browsers erreicht werden .
Bitte beachten Sie , dass dann gegebenenfalls nicht alle Funktionen dieses Onlineangebotes genutzt werden können .
Die von uns verarbeiteten Daten werden nach Maßgabe der Art. 17 und 18 DSGVO gelöscht oder in ihrer Verarbeitung eingeschränkt .
Sofern nicht im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung ausdrücklich angegeben , werden die bei uns gespeicherten Daten gelöscht , sobald sie für ihre Zweckbestimmung nicht mehr erforderlich sind und der Löschung keine gesetzlichen Aufbewahrungspflichten entgegenstehen .
Sofern die Daten nicht gelöscht werden , weil sie für andere und gesetzlich zulässige Zwecke erforderlich sind , wird deren Verarbeitung eingeschränkt .
D.h. die Daten werden gesperrt und nicht für andere Zwecke verarbeitet .
Das gilt z.B. für Daten , die aus handels - oder steuerrechtlichen Gründen aufbewahrt werden müssen .
Nach gesetzlichen Vorgaben in Deutschland erfolgt die Aufbewahrung insbesondere für 6 Jahre gemäß § 257 Abs. 1 HGB ( Handelsbücher , Inventare , Eröffnungsbilanzen , Jahresabschlüsse , Handelsbriefe , Buchungsbelege , etc. ) sowie für 10 Jahre gemäß § 147 Abs. 1 AO ( Bücher , Aufzeichnungen , Lageberichte , Buchungsbelege , Handels - und Geschäftsbriefe , Für Besteuerung relevante Unterlagen , etc. ) .
Nach gesetzlichen Vorgaben in Österreich erfolgt die Aufbewahrung insbesondere für 7 J gemäß § 132 Abs. 1 BAO ( Buchhaltungsunterlagen , Belege / Rechnungen , Konten , Belege , Geschäftspapiere , Aufstellung der Einnahmen und Ausgaben , etc. ) , für 22 Jahre im Zusammenhang mit Grundstücken und für 10 Jahre bei Unterlagen im Zusammenhang mit elektronisch erbrachten Leistungen , Telekommunikations - , Rundfunk - und Fernsehleistungen , die an Nichtunternehmer in EU - Mitgliedstaaten erbracht werden und für die der Mini - One - Stop - Shop ( MOSS ) in Anspruch genommen wird .
Die von uns in Anspruch genommenen Hosting - Leistungen dienen der Zurverfügungstellung der folgenden Leistungen : Infrastruktur - und Plattformdienstleistungen , Rechenkapazität , Speicherplatz und Datenbankdienste , Sicherheitsleistungen sowie technische Wartungsleistungen , die wir zum Zwecke des Betriebs dieses Onlineangebotes einsetzen .
Hierbei verarbeiten wir , bzw .
unser Hostinganbieter Bestandsdaten , Kontaktdaten , Inhaltsdaten , Vertragsdaten , Nutzungsdaten , Meta - und Kommunikationsdaten von Kunden , Interessenten und Besuchern dieses Onlineangebotes auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen an einer effizienten und sicheren Zurverfügungstellung dieses Onlineangebotes gem .
Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f DSGVO i.V.m. Art. 28 DSGVO ( Abschluss Auftragsverarbeitungsvertrag ) .
Wir , bzw .
unser Hostinganbieter , erhebt auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen im Sinne des Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f. DSGVO
Daten über jeden Zugriff auf den Server , auf dem sich dieser Dienst befindet ( sogenannte Serverlogfiles ) .
Zu den Zugriffsdaten gehören Name der abgerufenen Webseite , Datei , Datum und Uhrzeit des Abrufs , übertragene Datenmenge , Meldung über erfolgreichen Abruf , Browsertyp nebst Version , das Betriebssystem des Nutzers , Referrer URL ( die zuvor besuchte Seite ) , IP - Adresse und der anfragende Provider .
Logfile - Informationen werden aus Sicherheitsgründen ( z.B. zur Aufklärung von Missbrauchs - oder Betrugshandlungen ) für die Dauer von maximal 7 Tagen gespeichert und danach gelöscht .
Daten , deren weitere Aufbewahrung zu Beweiszwecken erforderlich ist , sind bis zur endgültigen Klärung des jeweiligen Vorfalls von der Löschung ausgenommen .
Die vorliegende Datenschutzerklärung wurde am 24 .
Mai 2018 aktualisiert .
Sci-Fi Science : Physics of the Impossible is an all - new television series , exploring the world of the seemingly impossible .
Hosted by internationally - renowned physicist and co-founder of string field theory , Dr. Michio Kaku , this series poses the idea that science fiction may not be so far from science fact .
Inspired by his book “ Physics of the Impossible ” , topics that currently seem far out of the realm of possibility will be investigated on the show , such as invisibility cloaks , teleportation , time travel and more .
Sci-Fi Science : Physics of the Impossible premieres on Science Channel on December 1 , 2009 at 10 pm .
The first two episodes airing that night are “ How to Explore the Universe ” and “ How to Travel to a Parallel Universe ” .
Except for specialized work like photographs or prints , art fairs seem to do best when at least one of two factors is present :
The host city has a modest or meager gallery life , or the display venue is unusual .
In both cases an art fair becomes distinctive -- an event with a special quality and style .
Neither factor is in play for the Fine Art Dealers Assn. 15th Annual Los Angeles Art Show , which is about halfway through its four - day run at the cavernous L.A. Convention Center .
Toss in a tough economy and abysmal weather , and the moderate crowds I encountered in a few hours at the fair on Friday are no surprise .
The L.A. Art Show is hosting about 90 galleries , plus a dozen that specialize in fine art prints .
There are also some curated shows -- graduate students from area art schools , for example , or a citywide documentary photography display on video monitors , sponsored by a local foundation .
The main show includes an abundance of traditionalist dealers , who sell plein - air landscapes and genre paintings , such as the sentimentalist picture of a Millet - style peasant girl by 19th century Philadelphia painter Daniel Ridgway Knight ( at Rehs Galleries ) .
There are also the expected gimmicks -- gigantic celebrity portraits made up of tiny pictures , such as one of Andy Warhol composed from a grid of thousands of little Mao Tse - Tungs ( ChinaSquare Gallery ) .
Legions of Santas are currently perched in malls all over the country , waiting for your children to climb atop their laps and whisper to them their most secret desires .
The Mall Santa thing has to be one of the creepiest traditions we have , and yet it seems like it will never die -- and as a result , a lot of people out there in internetland have embarrassing pictures of themselves as kids posed with Santa , and sites like sketchysantas are there to redistribute the most humiliating of those memories for the rest of us to enjoy .
This first creepy Santa is a vintage found photograph owned by collector Albert Tanquero , who has an amazing array of vernacular / found photos on his Flickr page .
It 's easily the scariest picture of Santa I 've ever seen , if not one of the creepiest photos I 've ever come across , right down to the taxidermied donkey .
The following Santas were found in the voluminous archives of sketchysantas :
Santa should at least try and look like he 's having fun , right ?
Santa 's about to have a complete mental breakdown .
He 's got the crazy - eye , as they say .
How can she be so calm with this leering maniac 's arm around her ?
Note to Santas everywhere : masks are scary .
If you look so unlike Santa Claus that you must make use of a mask to sustain the illusion , you might consider another line of work .
Santa looks like death warmed over .
I think Santa and his lap - dweller might be the same age .
So much gone horribly awry here ...
Santa 's got a Percodan addiction .
80s glasses look weird on Santa .
Also , Santa looks a little like Mark Borchardt from American Movie ( then again , maybe it 's just the 80s glasses ) .
Merry Christmas , people !
The guys behind Halo have decided to do their part to help victims of the quake disaster in Haiti and they ’ve thought of some creative ways to get their fans in on it as well .
As you can see , they ’ve come up with a special edition version of their Superintendent t- shirt .
Bungie will donate all of their profit , not only from the new shirt , but from the entire Bungie Store through the end of February to the American Red Cross .
They ’re also involving fans in another way .
Bungie has pledged to donate $ 100 for every thousand people who play Halo 3 or ODST next Wednesday and Thursday while sporting a red heart emblem .
I definitely intend to switch up my emblem and play some Halo 3 next week but I do n’t want to be lonely .
I hereby invite all GD readers to join me in owning n00bs and supporting the victims of the Haiti disaster .
Send a friend request to my gamertag NBD InferNull with a message saying “ Braaiiins ! ! ” and I ’ll be happy to accept it .
If you ’re interested in donating to the cause you can find the right charity for you at charitynavigator.org .
[ Bungie.net ]
Whether you are facing debt or need help becoming a legal U.S. resident , the threat of an uncertain future is stressful .
We can help you feel at ease by understanding your options .
At the Law Offices of Brian A. Barboza , we will meet with you in a one - on - one appointment to understand the challenges you are facing and how best to move forward .
We can address your debt with Chapter 7 bankruptcy , Chapter 13 bankruptcy or a different debt relief plan .
Waiting only makes the situation worse .
Do n’t worry — we can handle it .
Stumbled across these on facebook and they blew me away .
You can never guess just who's on the next one !
By John Lee
The scale of China has always fascinated merchants .
In 19th century England , spinning - mill owners were convinced they would reap profits beyond their dreams if they could just get every Chinese to buy one handkerchief .
Alas , the one man one handkerchief plan never took , and for multinationals hoping to tap China 's masses , the country continues to disappoint .
Since the global economic crisis , Beijing has constructed a way around a slump .
Roads , ports , railways : Name it , and China is likely building it .
But its consumers are n't pitching in .
As a percentage of gross domestic product , Chinese consumption is the lowest of any major economy , at less than one - third .
Almost all the country 's growth this year has come from infrastructure spending or speculation in domestic assets .
Western multinationals should consider fantasizing about India instead .
The momentum for its bounceback comes from Indians , including the poor , buying their way to growth .
The demand for handbags , air travel , and fine dining in Mumbai may have eased , but domestic consumption accounts for two - thirds of the Indian economy , twice China 's level .
China 's problem is that its top - down , state - led model of development ( not to mention its artificial suppression of the yuan ) structurally impairs domestic spending .
According to Minxin Pei , director of the Keck Center for International & Strategic Studies , three - quarters of China 's capital goes to 120,000 - odd state - controlled entities and their many subsidiaries , leaving 40 million - plus privately owned businesses to fight for scraps .
The upshot : Business profits tend to end up in state coffers , not Chinese wallets .
Wage and income growth , even for China 's urban residents , hovers at about half the level of GDP growth over the past 15 years .
India 's bottom - up private sector model , for all its chaos and bureaucracy , provides a stark contrast .
While the nation badly needs infrastructure , its consumers are in a far better position to spend .
India can now boast of an overwhelmingly independent middle class about 300 million strong , vs. China 's 100 million to 200 million , depending on the parameters .
Profits from India 's businesses , large and small , go into Indian pockets rather than the state's .
The contrast sharpens outside these two nations ' cities .
Half of China and two - thirds of India live in rural areas .
That 's about 700 million people in each .
The rural half of China is falling behind .
Back in the mid-1980s , the mainland 's urban - rural income ratio was 1.8 .
It now stands at about 3.5 .
Although per-capita incomes have risen , an estimated 400 million mainly rural residents have seen net income stall or decline over the past decade .
Yasheng Huang , a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School of Management , estimates that China 's absolute levels of poverty and illiteracy have doubled since 2000 .
In India , they 've been halved .
The urban - rural income gap has steadily declined since the early '90s .
Over the past decade , economic growth in rural India has outpaced growth in urban areas by almost 40 % .
Rural India now accounts for half the country 's GDP , up from 41 % in 1982 .
World Bank studies show that rural China accounts for only a third of GDP and generates just 15 % of China 's growth .
Meanwhile , rural India is chipping in about two - thirds of overall growth .
Jagmohan S. Raju of the University of Pennsylvania 's Wharton School points out that every major Indian consumer company knows it can't succeed without reaching the villages .
That 's why Indian companies arguably lead the world in innovative low - income products .
Telecom provider Bharti offers the world 's lowest call rates ; Tata Motors sells the world 's cheapest car .
And the push for the villages has led to a well - developed consumer marketplace throughout India .
For Western brands chasing the luxury market , both China and India offer abundant opportunities .
But when what you sell is suited to — and scaled to — millions of city and country dwellers , it makes sense to aim your efforts at India , at least for now .
John Lee is a fellow at Australia 's Center for Independent Studies , a visiting fellow at Washington 's Hudson Institute , and the author of Will China Fail ?
Copyright 2000 - 2009 by The McGraw - Hill Companies Inc .
All rights reserved .
Provided by BusinessWeek
Most of you have probably heard about Google App Engine , which lets you write web applications that run on Google 's infrastructure .
But did you know that the code which you develop using the AdWords API can be easily hosted on App Engine , thus making it many times easier to build , maintain , and scale your application as your traffic grows ?
Today , we 'd like to release a demo application that can be hosted on App Engine and is uses the AdWords API to communicate with the Sandbox environment ( it is just as easy to access production AdWords accounts ) .
In this demo , we access a given Sandbox account using the AdWords API and illustrate the following operations and features :
Retrieve existing campaigns .
Retrieve stats for each campaign .
Add new campaigns .
Update a campaign 's budget .
Retrieve existing ad groups .
Add new ad groups .
Keep track of API usage for each user in a datastore .
We hope this demo will start you off in creating innovative and cool applications that take advantage of the AdWords API 's ease of use and Google 's infrastructure .-- Stan Grinberg , AdWords API Team
The Communist Party USA is making plans for its 29th National Convention to be held the weekend of May 21 - 23 at its national headquarters in New York City .
The convention takes place at what has the potential to be a turning point in the history of our nation .
Whether or not that turning point is reached , and the hopes of the 2008 elections are fulfilled , will depend on the building of a broad progressive labor - led democratic movement able to defeat Republican obstructionism and the far - right forces of reaction .
Thus this can not be an ordinary convention .
The four months between now and the convention will see a flurry of activity by the party involving both discussion and action whose goal is to help build such a movement .
New technology including use of video and teleconferences will make it easier to have a very inclusive convention discussion .
Not just the written word but the spoken word will be part of our pre-convention discussion , making it easier for all members and friends to participate .
The kickoff took place with a splash last Thursday , January 21 , with a nationwide live streaming web presentation by the party ’s national chair , Sam Webb , of our main convention discussion document , “ No easy road to the future – but we ’ll get there , ” followed by a lively question and answer session .
The web broadcast is available at cpusa.org .
The main discussion document is a call to build a far - reaching , labor - led coalition for jobs , peace and equality , to win progressive reforms from health care to immigrant rights .
In particular it is a call to action on the economic crisis .
Our pre-convention period is occurring during the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression and the party feels its documents and discussions must be turned into action .
Working to build the national the Jobs 4 America Now campaign being organized by labor , civil rights and democratic organizations is seen as a priority .
The document is also a call to expand the Communist Party and Young Communist League , organizations committed to building the widest possible unity for democratic and socialist change .
The next Communist Party USA live web presentation will be in February .
It will feature the party ’s vice - chair , Jarvis Tyner , on African American equality .
In March , Scott Marshal , the party ’s Labor Commission chair , will lead a discussion on the fight for jobs .
The web events are open to all who wish to participate .
Membership in the Communist Party is not a requirement .
Other discussions and documents are being prepared , such as a recent submission by our commission on religion .
Discussions are also being organized throughout the country .
For more information , contact cpusa@cpusa.org
In addition to workshops and plenary sessions on a range of topics , the May convention will review the party ’s work and policy and elect new leadership .
The convention will be an exciting affair with an evening cultural celebration and rally , greetings from elected officials , labor and other mass leaders and a multimedia celebration of the 90th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party .
Over 200 delegates and guests from Alaska to Maine and from Texas to North Dakota are expected .
Discussion documents are available on the party ’s web site .
A printed booklet with Spanish translation will be ready by February .
“ We need to make it clear , ” fulminated Patrick Lynch of the New York City Policeman ’s Benevolent Association , “ that if someone lifts even a finger against a police officer , their life could be on the line . ”
Taken literally , this would make a capital offense out of a familiar disrespectful gesture , a salute that is entirely appropriate when directed at officious tax - grazers of Lynch ’s ilk .
It is scarcely an exaggeration to say that Lynch perceives criticism of the police as a species of crime .
A little more than a decade ago , Lynch ( whose surname appears to be one of God ’s little in - jokes ) attempted to manufacture public outrage over Bruce Springsteen ’s song “ American Skin ( 41 Shots ) . ”
That ballad described the death of unarmed African immigrant Amadou Diallo , who was perforated by 19 bullets fired by NYPD officers in a perfectly avoidable eruption of gunfire .
The officers were pursuing a rapist , and Diallo — who , like countless other slightly built young black men , vaguely resembled the suspect — supposedly provoked an outburst of “ contagious gunfire ” by reaching into his pants to retrieve his ID .
Springsteen ’s song was uniformly denounced as the successor to N.W.A. ’s “ F**k Da Police ” by a legion of opportunistic pundits who apparently had n’t actually heard it .
However , Springsteen ’s lyrics displayed a degree of sympathy for the four Street Crimes Unit who killed Diallo after one of them mistook the victim ’s wallet for a gun .
“ You ’re kneeling over his body in the vestibule , praying for his life , ” sang Springsteen , apparently in reference to the actions of Officer Sean Carroll , who wept openly as he administered CPR in a desperate attempt to save Diallo ’s life .
The song certainly reflected the opinion that the needless slaughter of Amadou Diallo was , to an extent , a product of racial profiling .
It also captured the grim reality that urban residents often have at least as much to fear from the police as from common street criminals :
Lena gets her son ready for school
She says “ On these streets , Charles
You ’ve got to understand the rules
If an officer stops you , promise me you ’ll always be polite
And that you ’ll never ever run away Promise Mama you ’ll keep your hands in sight . ”
Whatever the merits of Springsteen ’s treatment of the Diallo killing , his song did n’t depict the officers themselves as deranged predators .
However , from the perspective of Lynch and other police union officials , Springsteen had committed a form of lse majest by focusing on victims of needless police violence .
Proving himself to be as tone - deaf as police dogs are color - blind , Lynch denounced Springsteen for “ trying to fatten his wallet by reopening the wounds of this tragic case at a time when police officers and community members are in a healing period . ”
( Lynch ’s choice of words was singularly inapt , given the role a wallet played in Diallo ’s violent death . )
Springsteen — like many others — did n’t see the need to treat the police as victims in this episode , given that the SCU officers avoided both criminal and civil penalties and suffered no professional consequences .
Diallo ’s parents , on the other hand , had to bury their innocent son .
The officers who gunned down Diallo were following legitimate leads in pursuit of an individual who had committed crimes of violence against innocent people .
Their actions most likely were the product of panic , rather than depravity .
Still , given that an innocent man died at their hands , the SCU officers should have faced some kind of accountability .
It ’s also worth contemplating the treatment a civilian would receive were he to shoot and kill a police officer under similar circumstances .
In that respect it ’s instructive to recall the travails of Cory Maye , currently imprisoned ( and , at one time sentenced to death ) for shooting and killing a police officer who broke into his home during a no - knock drug raid at the wrong address .
If Maye had been gunned down as Diallo was , the incident almost certainly would have been treated as a tragedy , rather than a crime , and the public would have been admonished by the police and their media stenographers not to second - guess brave officers tasked to do “ dangerous work ” entailing “ split - second decisions . ”
No similar official sympathy was ever extended to Maye , who had to make a split - second decision when dealing with a party of armed strangers who had invaded his home and threatened his family .
According to the State , Maye ’s actions , though purely defensive , amounted to first - degree murder .
After all , he — a Mundane — had dared to lift his hand against one of the State ’s Anointed , who are invested with an unqualified license to kill .
Recent actions by federal courts suggest that while it ’s perfectly all right for mere Mundanes to keep firearms , actually bearing them is a privilege reserved exclusively for those mockingly referred to by Second Amendment sentinel David Codrea as the “ Only Ones ” — that is , members of the State ’s enforcement caste .
On December 23 , the First Circuit Court of Appeals dismissed a civil rights complaint filed by attorney Greg Schubert of Springfield , Massachusetts , who was disarmed and detained at gunpoint by police officer J.B.
Stern while on his way to court .
After noticing that Schubert was carrying a concealed pistol , Stern erupted from his vehicle in what was described as a “ dynamic and explosive manner , ” racing over and shoving his gun in the attorney ’s face .
After his gun was confiscated , the attorney provided both his “ Class A ” gun license and driver ’s license .
Stern kept the gun and told Schubert that he would have to retrieve it from the Springfield Police Department .
By way of a contemptuous parting gesture , Stern insisted that he was “ the only person allowed to carry a weapon on his beat . ”
This would help explain the fact — cited by both Stern and the Circuit Court — that the neighborhood in which this assault took place is a “ high - crime area . ”
Disarming the law - abiding tends to engender , rather than extinguish , violent crime , of course — but we should n’t forget that civilian disarmament is carried out for the benefit of rulers , not subjects .
A little more than a week earlier , the U.S. District Court for Georgia ’s Northern District dismissed another civil rights complaint filed by Christopher Raissi .
In October 2008 , Raissi was surrounded by police , forcibly disarmed , and detained for a half - hour when he attempted to board the MARTA train while carrying a concealed firearm .
After Raissi was able to produce his license to carry a concealed weapon , his gun was returned to him — but not before a lengthy and potentially lethal encounter with the police .
In dismissing Raissi ’s complaint , Judge Thomas W. Thrash Jr. described possession of a state - issued firearms license as “ an affirmative defense to , not an element of , the crimes of boarding [ public transportation ] with a concealed weapon and carrying a concealed weapon . ”
Somehow , according to the judge , this justifies the actions of the police in detaining and disarming Raissi .
John Monroe , Raissi ’s attorney , points out that the decision means that “ everyone seen carrying a firearm in any place that is prohibited without a license is subject to being stopped , arrested , and prosecuted even if they have a license . ”
In principle , this should apply to police officers as well as private citizens .
In practice , of course , this standard means that only law enforcement personnel would have a license to bear arms in public .
A license of any sort , of course , is a government - issued document that transmutes an innate individual right into a State - conferred , and state - revocable , privilege .
Raissi ’s case demonstrates that the only advantage conferred by a firearms license is an “ affirmative defense ” against a spurious criminal charge .
Advocates of a State monopoly on the use of force would not be appeased if the civilian population were entirely deprived of access to firearms .
Efforts are underway to criminalize civilian use of purely defensive weapons .
In early December , California ’s Second District Court of Appeal overturned an 11 - year - old state law forbidding felons to possess body armor .
The law was challenged by Ethan Saleem , a parolee convicted of voluntary manslaughter who was arrested in 2007 when police noticed that he was wearing a 10 - pound bulletproof vest .
“ Certainly , Saleem was n’t wearing body armor because he was going to a job interview or going on a date , ” snarked a press release from the Los Angeles Police Protective League ( LAPPL ) .
In fact , since neither Saleem nor any of the other passengers at the time of the traffic stop was armed , and given that he was n’t accused of any other offense , it ’s only a self - serving insinuation to suggest that he was detained en route to a crime .
California Attorney General Jerry Brown , insisting that police are acutely threatened by possession of “ military - grade body armor ” by felons , has promised to appeal the decision to the state Supreme Court .
If newly enthroned LAPD Chief Charlie Beck has his way , the law will someday be expanded to encompass the entire civilian population :
“ The increasing number of assaults with deadly weapons against our frontline public safety defenders is a clear indication that we cannot give violent felons the upper hand .
There is an absolute need for a ban on these types of body armor for anyone other than law enforcement personnel or law enforcement - related personnel .
The men and women defending public safety across the state and the people of California deserve no less . ”
( Emphasis added . )
Beck ’s statement is a tower of non-sequiturs piled unsteadily atop a foundation of begged questions .
Beck begins with the unwarranted assertion that police confront unprecedented danger from firearms ; in fact , 2009 ( as I ’ve previously pointed out ) was a remarkably safe year for police , even in the context of a decades - long decline in the number of duty - related firearms deaths .
Beck somehow assumes that the proposal to ban ownership of body armor by law - abiding civilians follows logically from his desire to restrain violent felons .
He compounds that fallacy by asserting that the “ people of California deserve no less ” than the privilege of being deprived of legal access to a purely defensive weapon .
Not surprisingly , the LAPPL , which the same police union that describes civilian ownership of body armor as an unacceptable threat , went into paroxysms of outrage over a Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decision that imposed modest ( and inadequate ) limits on the use of Tasers .
Specifically , the court ruled that the use of a Taser by a police officer to subdue a mentally troubled but non-violent 21 - year - old man constituted excessive force .
In this case , the victim — 21 - year - old Carl Bryan — lost several teeth when he fell face - first to the pavement after being tasered by Officer Bryan McPherson .
At the time of the Taser strike , Bryan and McPherson were separated by a distance of fifteen to twenty feet .
Bryan , who had been stopped for a seat belt violation , was throwing what McPherson called a “ bizarre fit ” but did nothing to threaten the officer or anybody else .
“ As every street cop knows , any suspect within 15 feet who is actively resisting verbal commands is a threat to officer safety , ” sniveled the union .
“ When a suspect fails to comply with verbal commands , it means the situation is rapidly escalating and some form of force will be required to gain compliance .
Non-lethal force is the safest and best way to obtain the needed compliance .
Non-lethal force instruments are designed to avoid injury to both officers and suspects by swiftly incapacitating the suspect . ”
Two problems thrust themselves upon us .
The first is posed by the fact that the Taser is not a “ non-lethal ” weapon ; it is a frequently lethal one .
The second problem is best stated as a question :
What about those increasingly common incidents in which innocent individuals are faced with unwarranted and improper police demands for “ compliance ” ?
Why should we assume that in such circumstances it is proper to protect the policeman by incapacitating the recalcitrant civilian , instead of the civilian taking prudent action to protect himself from a criminal assault ?
It is possible to protect one ’s self from the potentially lethal effects of a Taser strike .
Florida - based body armor company called Point Blank Solutions sells a Taser - resistant fabric called “ Thor Shield ” that has successfully been tested against stun weapons of up to 900,000 volts .
“ In today ’s marketplace there are more and more non-lethal energy weapons for police , military and civilian use , with no defense from these devices , ” observes the company , which proudly announces that it has “ stepped up to fill the void in energy weapon protection . ”
Thor Shield is composed of a polyester fabric layered over a conductive material ; it is designed to create a circuit loop that will return the electric charge to the weapon without inflicting a shock to the subject .
“ If you are hit , the Taser gun wo n’t work , ” explains George Shultz , who invented the fabric .
“ We return the voltage back to the gun . ” Light and breathable , the fabric is thin enough to be sewn into clothing .
Assuming you ’ve been paying attention thus far , you know what ’s coming next .
G2 consulting , the Arizona - based contractor that serves as the exclusive distributor of the Thor Shield anti-Taser fabric , “ is committed to Officer safety . ”
For this reason , Thor Shield “ is only sold to Military and Law Enforcement Agencies ” under a non-disclosure agreement .
The fabric is used in clothing intended to protect a law enforcement officer should his Taser fall into the " wrong " hands .
Somebody will eventually reverse - engineer Thor Shield or devise another suitable counter - measure to the portable electro - shock torture device and make it available to the productive segment of the population .
At that point the air will be rent with anguished cries about the new threat to “ officer safety ” and demands for legislative action to criminalize private ownership of Taser - resistant fabric .
Well , if police are permitted to assault and detain peaceful citizens legally bearing arms in public , and civilians are forbidden to wear enhanced clothing intended to protect themselves against bullets and high - voltage energy weapons , we can still cower in our heavily fortified domiciles , ca n’t we ?
A man ’s home is his castle , and all that ?
Liberty in Eclipse William Norman Grigg Best Price : $ 10.58 Buy New $ 57.61 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
Maybe not .
Last November , a measure went into effect in Oklahoma that makes it a felony , punishable by a five - year prison term and a $ 10,000 fine , to “ fortify ” a home “ for the purpose of preventing or delaying entry or access by a law enforcement officer . ”
Under the measure , written by Republican ( natch ) State Representative Sue Tibbs , it is impermissible to “ construct , install , position , use or hold any material or device designed … to strengthen , defend , restrict or obstruct any door , window , or other opening into a dwelling , structure , building or other place to any extent beyond the security provided by a commercial alarm system , lock or deadbolt , or a combination of alarm , lock , or deadbolt . ”
Predictably , this measure is one of the many disfigured offspring of the War on Drugs , a singularly fecund progenitor of legislative absurdities .
The measure specifies that its provisions apply to buildings in which drug offenses are “ being committed , or attempted . ”
However , given the depraved ingenuity of prosecutors , it ’s safe to assume that some way will be found to apply it in cases without a clear “ drug nexus . ”
And it would n’t surprise me at all to see similar measures — most likely cultivated by police lobbyists — cropping up elsewhere .
Given ongoing efforts to criminalize civilian efforts to protect themselves in non-violent fashion against official violence , Patrick Lynch ’s “ lift one finger ” standard could be considered a moderate view .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- U.S. consumers ' outstanding credit balance fell for the ninth month in a row in October , but the decline in debt this year has n't been as steep as previously reported , the Federal Reserve said Monday .
Outstanding balances of consumer credit fell by $ 3.51 billion , or 1.7 % annualized , in October to $ 2.482 trillion .
Outstanding credit can fall if consumers pay off balances , or if lenders write off bad loans .
The figures do not include debts backed by real estate , such as mortgages or home - equity loans .
Revolving credit -- mostly credit cards -- fell by $ 6.95 billion , or 9.3 % annualized , to $ 888.1 billion .
Nonrevolving credit , such as auto loans or student loans , rose by $ 3.44 billion , or 2.6 % , to $ 1.595 trillion .
Read the government report .
The $ 3.51 billion decline was less than the $ 10 billion expected by economists surveyed by MarketWatch .
See the complete economic calendar and forecast .
The previous data were revised back through March .
Revisions were significant .
Total debt outstanding at the end of September was revised higher by $ 30.6 billion to $ 2.486 trillion from $ 2.456 trillion .
Outstanding debt declined at a 3.3 % annual rate in the third quarter , revised from a 6.1 % decline previously reported .
The decline in the second quarter was 4.8 % annualized , revised from 6.6 % earlier .
Consumer debt has fallen by 3.6 % since last October .
Consumers have been paying down their debts to reduce their debt service .
At the same time , banks have been written off more loans as uncollectible bad debts .
Before the steady decline during this recession , outstanding consumer debt had more than tripled in the 16 years between 1992 and 2007 .
The figures are not adjusted for inflation .
I love the idea of a snake being the hero of Christmas .
Â
Yes , there is a sort of in - your - face Bible quality to it , but that is n’t the charm for me .
Â
Snakes are so feared and hated in most of society that I love the concept of them being the most integral part to the most beloved holiday .
Â
There ’s a certain poetic beauty to it .
Lizards , on the other hand , are best relegated to very brief mentions in “ Holiday ” specials .
A recent piece of research from Casey ’s got our engines going on the whole inflation / deflation debate .
It ’s been quite a while since I revisited the topic so let ’s have a look at the evidence .
Let me begin by saying that after having been a deflationista for several years I have substantially pared back my deflationist position to a more neutral position .
I no longer have skin in the game per my market bets so consider me an innocent bystander .
While I still believe there is much de-leveraging to be done we have likely thwarted the deflationary spiral that I feared was developing in late 2008 .
Nonetheless , inflation remains a minor concern in the United States for several reasons .
Let ’s take an in - depth look .
The tendency is to argue that more money = inflation .
After all , the great Milton Friedman said that inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon so it must be true , right ?
Not so fast .
Friedman lived in a different time .
A time when the velocity of money was stable and the gold standard was still a viable idea .
Let ’s start with the various types of inflation – demand - pull inflation and cost - push inflation .
As of now , demand - pull inflation appears unlikely .
Recent data shows this is unlikely due to high levels of spare capacity , low capacity utilization rates and generally tepid demand for goods ( aggregate demand is still very weak ) .
Despite the oodles of excess money ( mostly due to government spending ) in the system there is nothing in the data that currently suggests this recovery will result in massive demand - pull inflation .
In fact , the evidence as of now suggests a potential disinflationary environment .
The cost push inflation debate can be answered in one word – jobs .
The majority of cost - push inflation is due to labor .
As of now , labor remains near its lows and the unemployment rate is unlikely to tank any time soon .
Anyone looking for a bout of wage inflation better own a leveraged portfolio of stocks because that would require a remarkable economic turnaround .
There is no evidence as of now that the jobs picture is picking up substantially .
Some inflation proponents argue that we are about to begin importing inflation from abroad , but again the evidence suggests this is unlikely .
The scenario generally goes something like this : the dollar will collapse and import prices will skyrocket .
Most inflationistas learned this the hard way last year when they assumed that gold and other metals were the safest assets on the planet .
Unfortunately for their portfolios , in a fiat world with a dollar reserve , that safehaven asset happens to be the dollar .
Besides , a 10 % decline in the dollar contributes approximately 0.5 % to CPI according to recent research from CitiGroup .
And if the dollar truly does collapse ?
You ’d better own lead bullets , a bomb shelter and canned goods .
Inflation will be the last of your worries .
Next up is the old “ commodity prices drive inflation ” debate .
This is another falsehood .
Did you know that a $ 20 increase in oil adds just 1 % to annual CPI ?
Despite this , a rise in commodity prices without a subsequent rise in wages is essentially offsetting in terms of future inflation .
We learned this in the Summer of 2008 when oil and gas prices shot up to their all - time highs and wages remained stagnant .
At the time , I was calling for a massive deflationary decline because the two simply did n’t add up .
Without a rise in wages you simply can’t support the high commodity prices .
Free markets working at their best .
This goes back to the cost push debate .
If commodity prices are going to continue to climb substantially we are going to need to see substantial wage inflation .
It ’s not happening as of now .
The Fed actions take us into the real heart of the debate .
Investors are infatuated with the explosion in the money supply .
This horrifying image :
What this chart does n’t show is the decline in real credit .
This explosion in the money supply does not mean it is actually getting into the system ( in fact , reserves do n’t ever “ get into the system ” ) .
I will simplify this with my iced tea example .
Imagine you have a full pitcher of water ( the economy ) .
If you place in a scoop of iced tea mix ( new freshly printed money ) it will sink to the bottom .
But you do n’t have iced tea yet .
You have to mix it in .
Inflation works in a similar fashion .
When the Fed prints money the banks need to actually lend the money for it to get into the system , but an extension of the monetary base does not necessarily equal an increase in lending .
That ’s just not how bank lending works .
Without the mixing ( lending ) you do n’t get iced tea ( inflation ) .
As of now , the lending markets remain very weak .
All of this adds up to one thing .
Demand for credit is weak and the supply for credit is weak .
That means an expansion in the broad money supply is highly unlikely at this time .
In other words , we ’re not getting any iced tea and that ’s why inflation readings continue to come in well below what the inflationistas are betting on .
I would describe the current environment as disinflationary with a greater risk of deflation than hyperinflation .
Of course , this is not to imply that inflation does n’t become a very real concern down the road , but as of now , there is almost no evidence that suggests inflation ( or hyperinflation ) is a real near - term concern .
WHAT'S ON TV TONIGHT ?
WHAT'S ON TV TONIGHT ?
The Jay Leno Showfrom its prime - time lineup after his Feb. 11 show , and return him to late night on March 1 , after the Winter Olympics , in a half - hour format .
LOS ANGELES  NBC on Sunday confirmed plans to dropfrom its prime - time lineup after his Feb. 11 show , and return him to late night on March 1 , after the Winter Olympics , in a half - hour format .
" While it performed at an acceptable level for the network , it did not meet our affiliates ' needs , and we need to make a change , " NBC Universal TV chief Jeff Gaspin told TV critics at their semiannual gathering .
Leno will return to his old perch at 11:35 p.m. ET / PT , and NBC has asked Tonight Showhost Conan O'Brien to move to 12:05 , with Late Night with Jimmy Fallonat 1:05 .
But it has yet to hammer out a deal with O'Brien , who must agree to the change in his contract .
" I 'd like to tell you we have a done deal , ( but ) that 's not true , " Gaspin said .
" Talks are ongoing " with O'Brien , and " my goal and my hope is he will stay with the network . "
Fox has publicly expressed interest in having O'Brien move to a late - night show .
Gaspin expects to resolve the situation before the Olympics starts on Feb. 12 , and said that Leno , O'Brien and Fallon " were incredibly gracious and professional " in meetings to discuss the issue last week .
The odd man out if O'Brien agrees is Carson Daly , who now hosts a late - late night show at 1:35 a.m .
His show would be dropped , but , Gaspin said , " Carson will be part of the NBC family regardless of what happens . "
Though NBC had vowed to assess Leno on a " 52 - week basis , " and Gaspin said that " for the network , it was not a bad decision " to air Leno in prime time , " the affiliates started to call and say our local news was affected more than we expected . "
In some cities , local newscasts went from first to third place , after ratings for Leno 's show dropped nearly 30 % from last fall 's scripted fare .
( ABC and CBS also were down slightly among younger viewers during the fall . )
" Toward the end of December , we realized things were not going to go much better if we kept this in place . "
To replace Leno at 10 starting March 1 , Gaspin says NBC is likely to add two more hours of scripted dramas , possibly including Friday Night Lights and Law & Order : Criminal Intent , along with an hour of reality , an expanded Dateline NBC and repeats .
The Biggest Loser and Law & Order : Special Victims
Unit could also shift an hour later .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Royal Navy to allow women to serve on submarines
Women could soon be allowed to serve on Royal Navy submarines for the first time .
Senior naval figures have opposed allowing women on subs due to the cramped conditions on board and the dangers posed by fumes inside the vessels to a foetus if a woman is pregnant .
But a review of the ban was ordered last year following pressure from Labour figures keen to introduce full equal opportunities for women in the Armed Forces .
Female friendly : the Royal Navy 's Astute submarines can easily be adapted to accommodate women
The Royal Navy 's new Astute attack submarines could easily be adapted to accommodate women and the Ministry of Defence has said that in the design of the new Trident nuclear subs ' consideration will be given to the possibility of women serving in the future ' .
A ministry of Defence source told the Sunday Times : ' It looks likely that women will be allowed to serve on submarines . '
Defence chiefs are expected to veto a similar move to allow women to serve as frontline infantry .
The Australian , Canadian , Danish , Swedish and Norwegian navies already allow women to serve on their submarines .
Into the deep : women officers serving on a Royal Navy aircraft carrier .
Soon they could serve under the surface
If the Royal Navy allows the move , only mine - clearance diving units and the Royal Marines would be closed to women in the Armed Forces .
Armed Forces commanders concluded last month that women lack the upper -body strength and physical resilience to withstand intensive combat on the front line .
Tests have found that women were eight times more likely than men to sustain injuries other than wounds in action and there were also concerns that infantrymen 's first instinct would be to defend women fighting alongside them that to attack the enemy .
Watch full coverage on the case of Shaniya Davis -- including an interview with her half sister , 17 - year - old Cheyenne Lockhart -- on HLN 's " Nancy Grace " at 10 p.m. ET Monday .
( CNN ) --
A body believed to be that of a missing 5 - year - old girl has been found in North Carolina , police said Monday .
Theresa Chance , public information officer of the Fayetteville Police Department , confirmed to CNN the girl 's body was found .
In a separate e-mail to CNN , Fayetteville police said the body found was that of the missing girl .
Later Monday , Chance told a news conference that police were still awaiting positive identification of the body , which had yet to be exhumed .
The body would then be sent to the medical examiner 's office to determine a cause of death , Chance said .
About 200 people had been searching for the body of Shaniya Davis after " reliable information " indicated that she may be dead , according to Fayetteville police .
The body was located by searchers shortly after 1 p.m. , Chance told reporters .
People at the scene , including searchers and police officers , were " torn up , " she said .
The search focused on land near a roadway because " reliable information received that the body of Shaniya Davis may have been dumped there , " a police statement said .
Investigators have been searching for Shaniya for several days .
Police have charged her mother , Antoinette Nicole Davis , with trafficking and other offenses , authorities said .
Davis was " prostituting her child , " said Chance .
The girl 's half sister , Cheyenne Lockhart , told HLN's " Nancy Grace " that she found it difficult to believe Davis had treated her daughter so poorly .
" She seemed like the sweetest woman .
She did n't come from much , but ... she had the sweetest voice , she had the sweetest personality , and especially toward me .
I would never think that she would do anything like that , " said Lockhart , who shared a father with Shaniya .
Lockhart had similar sentiments about the little girl .
" She 's so loving and caring , she 's always happy and giggling , " she said .
" Like you would never think anybody would do that to her .
She 's just the sweetest little girl . "
Other charges against Davis include felony child abuse and prostitution , as well as filing a false police report , according to the police department .
The girl 's mother told police that the girl vanished from their mobile home in Fayetteville .
However , hotel surveillance video taken around the same time Shaniya was reported missing shows her with a man identified as Mario Andrette McNeill .
He has been charged with first degree kidnapping .
Police said they dropped kidnapping charges against another man who was arrested in the case Thursday .
MOSCOW — Russian police this week raided the offices of a prominent environmental group that had protested government plans to reopen a controversial paper mill on the shores of Siberia 's Lake Baikal .
Marina Rikhvanova , head of Baikal Ecological Wave , said local police in the Siberian city of Irkutsk had seized the group 's computers in a raid , saying they sought suspected pirated software .
Ms. Rikhvanova denied the allegations and said she suspected the authorities were trying to thwart her group 's efforts to organize a demonstration ...
A Republican senator from South Carolina has used the attempted attack on a airplane bound for Detroit as an excuse to voice opposition to unions .
Sen. Jim DeMint told Fox News ' Chris Wallace that unionization was a threat to airport security because collective bargaining prevents flexibility .
" We have to outthink the terrorists and when we formed the airport security system , we realized we could not use collective bargaining and unionization because of that need to be flexible .
Yet , that appears to be the top priority now of the administration , " DeMint said Sunday .
Obesity levels are increasing
A leading obesity drug is being suspended from use in the UK amid fears it increases the risk of heart attacks and strokes .
The Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency has told doctors to stop prescribing sibutramine and review its use in patients already taking it .
The drug works by altering chemical messages to the brain which control cravings for food .
The regulator says it has been used by 86,000 people in the past year .
While it is a common obesity drug , the most popular , orlistat , a pill which prevents fat absorption , is much more widely used and is taken by hundreds of thousands of people each year .
Suspending
The regulator acted after a review by the European Medicines Agency ( EMA ) recommended suspending its licence in Europe .
This decision still has to be formally ratified by the European Commission .
But Dr June Raine , of the MHRA , said : " Evidence suggests that there is an increased risk of non-fatal heart attacks and strokes with this medicine that outweigh the benefits of weight loss , which is modest and may not be sustained in the long term after stopping treatment .
" Prescribers are advised not to issue any new prescriptions and to review the treatment of patients taking the drug .
" Pharmacists are asked to cease dispensing the medicine .
" People who are currently taking sibutramine are advised to make a routine appointment with their doctor to discuss alternative measures to lose weight .
There are no health implications if people wish to stop treatment before seeing their doctor . "
Speaking after the EMA 's decision , Eugene Sun , from Abbott which makes sibutramine , said : " We believe there are many patients who benefit from sibutramine and respectfully disagree with the ... recommendation to suspend the medicine .
" However , we will act promptly to comply with the committee 's recommendation . "
In a new Vanity Fair article , Blackwater CEO Erik Prince fashions himself as a swashbuckling Wild Bill Donovan recruited by the CIA to pull off the toughest , most clandestine operations .
He comes off as vain and insecure .
But if his account is correct , it rips open a closed package of secrets .
Prince offers details on the targeted assassination program that CIA Director Leon Panetta terminated earlier this year .
He reveals something long - rumored but kept secret , even from the journalists who leaked details of the program .
According to Prince , the Blackwater team traveled to Germany , surveilled Al Qaeda financier Mamoun Darkazanli , and prepared to assassinate him .
The CIA did not inform its own station chief that the team was in the country , and they did not inform the host country .
What Prince describes is a serious violation of NATO intelligence sharing arrangements -- and certainly provides an example of why the CIA 's association with Blackwater became so controversial within the agency .
It would also contradict what CIA Director Leon Panetta and others have told Congress , namely , that the program was never operational .
As recently as two months ago , Prince and a team were overseeing intelligence missions in one of the Axis of Evil countries -- Iran , probably -- from a location inside the United States .
Prince , accused of orchestrating all kinds of malfeasance and misconduct as the company 's CEO , claims he was a CIA asset , recruited by the agency 's domestic division in 2004 .
He even had a " 201 File " in the CIA 's central registry , meaning that he was designated an intelligence asset .
( BTW : is it legal for a CIA asset to out him or herself ? ) .
After 2001 , Prince tried to join the CIA but was rejected , he says .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Thank you for the flowers , Margaret .
You always know just how to cheer me up .
And yes , the tree is still up .
This year is going to be one to remember .
I can already tell .
I got halfway through Sarah ’s book and quit .
Quitting is not like me , but I figure if Sarah can quit pretty much everything she starts then I can quit her book .
She ca n’t write worth a damn but she can certainly draw a crowd … then again , so can a train wreck .
Life is never difficult in her world .
There is never anything to ponder .
There is no thought … no debate .
The world is simply black and white … oil and snow .
Her approach to politics is simple .
Government should n’t do anything .
Because doing something would need thought .
And thought is too much to ask from Sarah Palin .
She has other things to do like getting even with anyone who has ever exposed her stupidity .
People like Sarah used to believe in creationism .
But like a 10 - year - old who realizes believing in Santa Clause has run its course , Sarah now believes in intelligent design .
The problem with that concept is you have to be unintelligent to believe it .
This is a woman who thought she was being smart when she pointed out that Barack Obama ’s middle name is Hussein .
Life is complicated … mysterious even …. but intelligent ?
Hardly .
Intelligent design ca n’t explain the existence of a mosquito anymore than I can explain the existence of this book or her rise to politcal fame .
So , Margaret , I am done with her book .
But I fear that I am not done with Sarah .
Like Harold ’s gas , she has a way of sticking around despite how much you want it to go away .
And I mean “ it ” .
Really .
A leading British medical journal says many international aid groups in Haiti are more concerned with self - promotion than helping earthquake survivors .
About 3 million Haitians were left injured or homeless by the January 12 earthquake .
In a blistering attack on the aid effort in Haiti , the Lancet says many agencies on the ground are too obsessed with media coverage and marketing campaigns .
The editor of the Lancet , Richard Horton , says instead of working for one common humanitarian goal , many organisations in Haiti are competing against one another .
He said there was plenty of evidence of that , with some NGOs using slogans like " spearheading the relief effort " or " leading a response " .
Dr Horton said many charities were repeating the mistakes made during the Asian tsunami of December , 2004 .
" International organisations , national governments and non-governmental organisations are rightly mobilising , but also jostling for position , each claiming that they are doing the best for earthquake survivors , " The Lancet said in an editorial .
" Some agencies even claim that they are ' spearheading ' the relief effort .
In fact , as we only too clearly see , the situation in Haiti is chaotic , devastating , and anything but coordinated . "
The Lancet did not name names and gave credit to " exceptional work in difficult circumstances " by aid workers .
But the British journal said " the aid sector [ is ] undoubtedly an industry in its own right " and , unpalatable as it might seem , scrutiny of motives and performance was justified .
" Large aid agencies and humanitarian organisations are often highly competitive with each other , " The Lancet said .
" Polluted by the internal power politics and unsavoury characteristics seen in many big corporations , large aid agencies can be obsessed with raising money through their own appeal efforts .
" Media coverage as an end in itself is too often an aim of their activities .
Marketing and branding have too high a profile .
" Perhaps worse of all , relief efforts in the field are sometimes competitive , with little collaboration between agencies , including smaller , grassroots charities that may have better networks in affected countries and so are well placed to immediately implement disaster relief . "
Haiti earlier launched a huge operation to move hundreds of thousands of homeless outside the ruined capital of Port - au - Prince , as hopes of finding more survivors faded nine days after the devastating quake .
Medics treated the countless injured in makeshift hospitals as gangrene began to set in , and fresh looting broke out in devastated Port - au - Prince even as some signs of normal life returned .
US forces are also repairing the main port , hoping to reopen it today .
The 7.0 - magnitude quake has killed at least 75,000 and left 1 million homeless .
- AFP/BBC
Would you like to contact CHP ?
E-mail the Editor
( Note : No further documents are being added to the site . ) .
Las Vegas , Nevada ( CNN ) --
The Boxee Box , a cubelike device that shares Internet content with your TV , won the annual " Last Gadget Standing " competition Saturday at the International Consumer Electronics Show .
The box narrowly beat out Plastic Logic 's Que e-reader and the Intel Reader , a device that scans printed text and reads it aloud , in the annual product - demonstration contest , which is decided by audience applause .
The Boxee Box plugs into your TV and allows you to search and store Web content , play it on your television and and share it with your friends on social networks via a keyboard in the device 's remote control .
The device is scheduled to go on sale this spring and cost about $ 200 .
" It 's truly a game - changer , " said Boxee marketing vice president Andrew Kippen , who presented the device .
" We 're really bringing the creativity of the Web onto your TV screen . "
The ninth annual " Last Gadget Standing " event pits 10 new products against each other in a lighthearted , " American Idol " - like competition for tech gear .
Past winners have included the OnStar vehicle security system , the Roomba robotic vacuum and Eye - Fi wireless memory cards for cameras .
The 10 finalists , all on display at CES , were chosen beforehand by a panel of judges .
Company reps were given four minutes to demonstrate their products before a standing - room - only crowd .
The freewheeling demos included a Dr. Evil character from the " Austin Powers " movies plugging a pocket projector and a " Star Wars " - inspired skit in which a Jedi knight battled Darth Vader over a smartphone .
Tech geeks who could n't attend the contest in person were encouraged to vote online .
The online winner was the SHOW WX Pico Projector , a portable projector that 's the size of a cell phone and can display a Power - Point presentation anywhere .
The other finalists :
Motorola Droid , the new multitasking smartphone that runs on Google 's Android system .
Que proReader , Plastic Logic 's forthcoming touchscreen e-reader that delivers newspapers and magazines wirelessly .
Haier Ibiza Trainer , a Web - enabled workout gizmo that clips on your belt and combines an MP3 player , pedometer , heart rate monitor , stopwatch and calorie counter .
Neato Vacuum Cleaner , a robotic vacuum with a square jaw for getting into corners and a mapping system that prevents it from wandering aimlessly .
Acer Aspire 3D notebook , which combines portable computing power with a 3D display .
Intel Reader , a handheld device that scans text , converts text to voice and reads it aloud -- a potential aid to the dyslexic or vision - impaired
Sony Dash Personal Internet Viewer , a small , Web - enabled device that seeks to replace the bedside alarm clock by offering news , weather , video , Internet radio and other services .
Nvidia Ultra Android Tablet , which packs a gaming PC and a multimedia player into the body of a portable tablet less than an inch thick .
The lawyers defending California ’s Proposition 8 and its ban on same - sex marriage urged the U.S. Supreme Court today to block video coverage of next week ’s trial in San Francisco .
They filed an emergency appeal with Justice Anthony M. Kennedy and argued that their client ’s right to a fair trial would be jeopardized if each day ’s proceedings were put on YouTube .
The trial “ has the potential to become a media circus , ” wrote attorney Charles Cooper .
“ The record is already replete with evidence showing that any publicizing of support for Prop. 8 has inevitably led to harassment , economic reprisal , threats , and even physical violence .
In this atmosphere , witnesses are understandably quite distressed at the prospect of their testimony being broadcast worldwide on YouTube . ”
FOR THE RECORD :
An earlier version of this article said opponents of Proposition 8 sent petitions signed by more than 50,000 people urging TV coverage of the trial .
More than 140,000 names were sent on Friday .
Kennedy asked for a response from the state by noon on Sunday .
At issue is whether the California voter initiative that forbids the state from granting marriage licenses to gay and lesbian couples violated the Constitution ’s guarantee of equal protection of the laws .
U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker , who is conducting the trial beginning on Monday , agreed to limited TV coverage .
The proceedings will be taped and made available to YouTube at the end of the day .
He acted based on a recent rule change by the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals allowing TV coverage of some civil cases .
On Friday , opponents of Prop. 8 sent petitions signed by more than 140,000 people urging TV coverage of the trial .
“ It ’s vital that this trial be open to the public , ” said Rick Jacobs , founder of the Courage Campaign Institute in Los Angeles .
“ The outcome will affect millions of people , and it ’s the American way to open the judicial process to the public . ”
Foes of Prop. 8 criticized the appeal to the Supreme Court as a desperate attempt “ to shut cameras out . ”
“ Those who want to ban gay marriage spent millions of dollars to reach the public with misleading ads , rallies and news conferences during the campaign to pass Prop .
8 . We are curious why they now fear the publicity they once craved , ” said Chad Griffin , Board President of the American Foundation for Equal Rights .
“ Apparently transparency is their enemy , but the people deserve to know exactly what it is they have to hide . ”
david.savage@latimes.com
Our clients do n’t just get one attorney .
They get the benefit of six attorneys , each specializing in more than one unique area of law .
At the same time , each of our attorneys has areas of emphasis that overlap .
This means that you receive the full attention of our attorneys as we collaborate , strategize and develop a strong case for your specific legal matter .
Moreover , our experience allows us to handle cases efficiently and ensure our representation is cost - effective for our clients .
If the San Francisco Department of the Environment gets its way , starting as soon as next month Bay Area residents might start noticing the radiation levels of cellphones displayed prominently next to their respective price at retail outlets .
This is , of course , despite no definitive research that the handsets cause harm and the FCC 's insistence that the devices sold to consumers are safe .
The proposal is being endorsed by Mayor Gavin Newsom , who as it's noted is not about to stop using his iPhone anytime soon .
Not to worry , Maine , you 'll still keep the top spot for most ridiculous cellphone warning label
“ We need to be the change we wish to see in the world ”
– Mahatma Gandhi
How does it feel when you ’ve made a difference in someone ’s life ?
How would you feel if your example inspired others to follow in your footsteps ?
Every December
I often think back on the past year : what I ’ve learned , mistakes I ’ve made – and people I ’ve found who inspire me .
This year I ’ve been thinking a lot about change – and what kind of difference we as individuals can make .
Here are three inspirational examples of real people , making real changes – and you can join them .
LIFT – Combat Poverty and Expand Opportunity in The US
Website : www.liftcommunities.org
LIFT ( formerly National Student Partnerships ) was founded in 1998 by two undergraduates at Yale University , Kirsten Lodal and Brian Kreiter .
Recognizing a fundamental gap between the university and the New Haven , CT , neighborhood that surrounds it , they brought together students to serve and strengthen the community .
As part of the LIFT program .
college student volunteers work one - on - one with community residents , coordinating access to employment opportunities and social services , including job training , housing , health care , child care , and transportation .
LIFT currently runs centers staffed by volunteers in Boston , Chicago , New York , Philadelphia , and Washington , DC .
Since LIFT ’s founding , over 5,000 volunteers have served more than 30,000 individuals and families .
Not bad for a program started by two college students .
The video below describes LIFT in Kirsten ’s own words .
Interested ?
Visit www.liftcommunities.org or contact their national office at ( 202 ) 289-1151 for more information about how you can become involved .
Kanu Hawaii – People Committing To Small Changes
Website : www.kanuhawaii.org
Kanu Hawaii started ( and still is ) a movement to make Hawaii a model of environmental sustainability , economic resilience and compassionate community – but their message has spread around the nation and the world .
It was founded by a small group of friends to pursue this vision through grassroots activism that starts with “ changing ourselves before pointing any fingers ; trying to lead by example , then asking others – including our neighbors , businesses , and government – to change with us . ”
I had the opportunity to hear one of the founding members , James Koshiba , speak recently .
Their vision has brought thousands of people together , both as groups and individuals .
Groups such as schools are using it to track their student ’s volunteer activities , and people have signed up from other states and internationally to commit to making small changes for a better future .
As of December 2009 , 8,636 people had committed to join the movement .
At Kanu Hawaii ’s website , you can commit to making small changes to sustain your communities .
Visit www.kanuhawaii.org/commit to make your own personal commitment .
Any Soldier – Support Troops With Letters ( Or More )
Website : anysoldier.com
Sergeant Brian Horn from LaPlata , Maryland , an Army Infantry Soldier with the 173rd Airborne Brigade was in the Kirkuk area of Iraq when he started the idea of Any Soldier® to help care for his soldiers .
He agreed to distribute packages that came to him with “ Attn : Any Soldier® ” in his address to soldiers who did n’t get mail .
Brian later completed a tour in Afghanistan and is now home , while AnySoldier.com continues to grow with supporters world - wide .
Volunteer soldier contacts adopt units to distribute letters and packages sent to them for Any Soldier .
The site allows you to search by what people have asked for if you have something specific you want to send , or by state or branch of the service .
As of December 2009 , they have 2,423 Military Contacts helping them , and have served 1,490,637 troops so far – a great accomplishment for a program started in August 2003 as a simple family effort .
To learn more and to get involved , visit anysoldier.com .
Build You Tribe – Change The World
As I was writing this article , I was reminded of some of the examples Seth Godin discussed in his book Tribes .
Tribes is all about bringing people together and leading them towards a common cause .
Seth Godin recently spoke at TED about this concept – enjoy :
I love the challenge Seth throws down at the end of the video :
“ Create a movement .
Something that matters .
Start .
Do it .
We need it . ”
And if you want more inspiration – maybe you ’ll enjoy this start page : Be The Change You Wish To See In The World .
Enjoy this article ?
You should Tweet This and share it with your friends , or feel free to share it however you like using this shortened link :
http://j.mp/changingtheworld
New Search for Centauri Planets Begins
To the two ongoing hunts for planets around the Alpha Centauri stars we can now add a third .
John Hearnshaw ( University of Canterbury , Christchurch ) reports in a recent post on Cosmic Diary that the university ’s Mt. John Observatory has begun a program to search for Earth - mass planets around Centauri A and B .
Although the observatory is heavily invested in microlensing technologies ( working with the Microlensing Observations in Astrophysics collaboration ) , the new efforts will put radial velocity methods to work using the Hercules spectrograph .
The program is a joint effort with Stuart Barnes at the Anglo - Australian Observatory and Mike Endl at the University of Texas ( Austin ) .
And as Hearnshaw notes , the problem is a formidable one , given that an Earth - mass planet in the habitable zone around Centauri A creates a ‘ wobble ’ of only 10 cm /s ( slightly larger for the less massive Centauri B ) .
Yet the observatory is banking on Hearnshaw ’s statement that 30,000 spectra of Centauri A or B over three years can detect a habitable zone ‘ Earth . ’
The habitable zone around Centauri A should be found at about 1.2 AU , while 0.75 AU is calculated for Centauri B .
What else do we know about the primary Centauri stars ?
Earlier work has demonstrated that no gas giants as massive as Jupiter can exist there —
Doppler studies would have found them by now .
But the case for Earth - mass planets remains open .
Hearnshaw notes the more positive findings that have emerged in the past decade or so :
We are encouraged to undertake these key observations for several reasons .
First , theoretical studies by Javiera Guedes et al. in 2008 showed that Earth - mass planets are likely to have formed in the alpha Centauri system .
In their simulations , planets of mass 1 to 2 Earth masses always form in the habitable zone around alpha Cen B , no matter what the initial conditions .
What ’s more , Paul Holman and Matt Wiegert found that stable orbits are possible in this binary provided they are within about 3 A.U. of either star .
The orbits are almost certain to be coplanar with the binary star orbit , which has a semi-major axis of 23 A.U.
What is more , the binary orbit is tilted at 79 degrees to the line of sight , so any putative planetary orbits are likely to be at that same favourable angle for detecting Doppler shifts ( if the angle is small , the orbits would be close to face on and no Doppler shifts are then detectable ) .
We ’ve looked at the studies mentioned above repeatedly in these pages ( run a search for past articles ) , but we ’ve also noted recent work by Philippen Thébault ( Stockholm Observatory ) , Francesco Marzari ( University of Padova ) and Hans Scholl ( Observatoire de la Côte d’Azur ) , who question whether the accretion process of planetary formation would allow such planets to form .
The heartening thing is that this dispute is likely to be settled one way or the other within a few short years .
Mt. John Observatory already has several thousand spectra in its new campaign and intends to intensify the search , an effort Hearnshaw calls “ a realistic target within our grasp . ”
And note this :
One other fortunate circumstance makes this the ideal programme for Mt John Observatory .
Being the world ’s southernmost optical observatory ( at 44 ºS ) , we are able to observe alpha Centauri for 12 months of the year , even in November and December .
The star is circumpolar and passes the southern horizon at lower culmination at an altitude of some 15 degrees , when it is still readily observable .
No other observatory can see alpha Centauri all year , and a periodic gap in the data every year can be disastrous when trying to detect periodic signals which may well have around a one - year period .
We therefore plan to press ahead with the alpha Centauri campaign during 2010 and 2011 , with the hope of making the historic discovery of an Earth - like analogue orbiting our nearest star , at just 4.3 light years distance .
Image : The night sky above Mt. John Observatory .
Note the Southern Cross ( just above and to the right of the dome ) , with Alpha and Beta Centauri the two stars to its left .
Alpha Centauri ( the leftmost bright star ) is a triple system made up of Centauri A , Centauri B and Proxima Centauri .
Credit : Fraser Gunn .
We should know something , and relatively soon .
Debra Fischer ’s work at the Cerro Tololo Inter - American Observatory ( Chile ) is ongoing , as is that of Michel Mayor and Stéphane Udry using the High Accuracy Radial velocity Planet Searcher ( HARPS ) at the European Southern Observatory facilities at nearby La Silla .
The betting here has been that while the Mayor team may be the first to find a larger world , an Earth - mass planet is likely to be claimed by Fischer , whose resources , unlike HARPS , are totally committed to the Centauri search .
Now we add this interesting New Zealand campaign as excitement grows that whatever Centauri planets there be may soon be discovered .
Michael Schumacher was visibly annoyed at today 's Mercedes livery launch when a reporter questioned his racing ethics and sportsmanship .
No sooner had the seven - time champion announced his comeback than message boards and forums were groaning under the weight of the usual suspects denouncing the legendary racer and suggesting that morally he is almost on a par with Osama bin Laden and Hitler and responsible for just about all the world 's ills .
He has his detractors in the media also , particularly the British contingent , therefore it should have not come a surprise today when a journo opted to use the livery launch to dredge up the past and question the German 's sportsmanship .
Asked if , this time around , he would win races in the " right way " , Schumacher paused briefly before responding : " Ninety - one victories , seven titles , you win only in a bad way .
Absolutely .
Yeah , you 're right , I need to prove myself now . "
However , when the reporter followed up by saying that it was not about what he had won but how he had won Schumacher hit back : " Yeah , I know .
I did win all this in the manner in which you are trying to ask questions . "
After another brief pause , he continued : " Let 's be sensible and think about the reality , and look forward to what we might all face , learn and enjoy together .
That 's what I 'm looking for . "
Around the world the usual suspects prepared for a long hard season on their forums and message boards of choice .
People in Fort Worth Texas last Friday had an extremely long wait for one train as it went through intersections .
Union Pacific says the train is 18,061 feet long just over three miles long .
Kellogg ’s has recalled two - million cases of Frosted Flakes after an eight - year - old child discovered a toy car hidden inside the cereal .
BATTLE CREEK , MI — Kellogg ’s has recalled two - million cases of Frosted Flakes after an eight - year - old child discovered a toy car hidden inside the cereal .
Third grader Jenny Thompson was pouring herself a bowl of the delicious , sugary flakes , when the small plastic vehicle cascaded from the box .
“ I was really freaked out , ” she said .
“ I was like , ‘ Mom ! Dad !
There ’s something in my cereal ! ’ ”
In a statement on its website , Kellogg ’s said it has no idea how the toy ended up inside the cereal box , and referred to the incident as “ isolated , ” but issued the nationwide recall to assure customers that its products are safe for consumption .
“ Our company prides itself on providing wholesome breakfasts for America ’s children that are satisfying and 99 % digestible . ”
Jenny ’s father does n’t believe the recall goes far enough and has initiated a $ 10 million lawsuit against the company .
“ I ’m sure some employee thought it would be a funny prank to conceal a cheap , crappy toy inside the cereal during the packaging process , ” said Melvin Thompson , a litigation attorney .
“ But my daughter could have eaten the toy , or broken her teeth on it , or somehow gotten it jammed inside her rectal cavity , and someone needs to be held accountable . ”
The Food and Drug Administration is investigating the case , and has pledged to use all its resources to bring the perpetrator to justice .
“ Food tampering is a serious crime , ” said an FDA spokesperson .
“ We want to send a clear warning to anyone considering a stunt like this in the future : Cereal and toys do n’t mix . ”
Canadians should be concerned about camera surveillance
A new report by the Surveillance Camera Awareness Network ( SCAN ) at Queen ’s University shows that Canadians believe surveillance cameras promote safety , but their perceptions do n’t match the actual evidence .
The first of its kind in Canada , A Report on Camera Surveillance in Canada will be used as background to help structure new federal surveillance legislation .
“ There is little or no evidence that surveillance deters crime , ” says David Lyon , coordinator of the report and director of the school ’s new Surveillance Studies Centre .
“ Media such as TV police shows and crime stoppers promote the perception that cameras are more important than they really are . ”
The report looks at the rapid growth of surveillance in Canadian society based on studies about :
The lack of Canadian legislation addressing public camera surveillance
Camera surveillance as big business
An exploration of camera operators
Research on public opinions about camera surveillance
Camera surveillance as one of the legacies of hosting the Olympic Games
Camera surveillance in Ottawa taxicabs
Camera surveillance in shopping malls
“ The public should be concerned , ” adds Professor Lyon .
“ Surveillance technology is constantly changing .
Closed - circuit television does not accurately describe it anymore ; now surveillance footage is increasingly digitized and free to flow online .
What stops are in place to prevent it from falling into the wrong hands ?
We need to question the social ethics of surveillance footage as well as establish legal limits on how the footage can be used . ”
( The Surveillance Camera Awareness Network at the Queen ’s Surveillance Centre completed the report with funding from the Office of the Privacy Commissioner and the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada .
The report is the topic of a surveillance workshop on January 15 and 16 , 2010 at Queen ’s University ) .
Press Release from Queen ’s University .
Contact : Jeff Drake
jeff.drake@queensu.ca
613-533-2877
Queen ’s University
KHAR , Pakistan — A suicide bomber killed 16 people Saturday at a police checkpoint in a northwest Pakistani tribal area where the Pakistani military declared victory over the Taliban and al Qaeda last year , highlighting the difficulty Islamabad has in holding regions once the battle phase of its army offensives end .
Elsewhere in the lawless tribal belt bordering Afghanistan , suspected U.S. missiles killed nine alleged militants , officials said .
Fourteen ...
Sewa Kantor Jakarta | Sewa Perkantoran Jakarta | Rental Office Jakarta | The Honey Lady BUILDING | Pluit Jakarta Utara | Sewa Kantor / Perkantoran / Rental Office Pluit & Jakarta Utara | Akses Tol Bandara | http : / / thehoneylady.co.id | marketing@ thehoneylady.co.id
Glenn Beck was in top form yesterday , anticipating Scott Brown 's win in Massachusetts by launching into yet another tirade about the Monstrous Evil Known As Progressivism .
This one was flat - out eliminationist , describing progressives variously as objects fit only for extermination , including diseases and monsters :
Beck : Progressives were lurking like a virus , waiting for their chance to suck all of the blood out of the Democratic neck .
They were looking for the opening to infect the system .
And once they were inside that system , I warned in 2004 , the Democrats -- it will be a battle to the end of your party to get them out .
...
What we are talking about is an ideological movement that has set its sights on the destruction of the Constitution and the fundamental transformation of our Republic .
It is called the progressive movement , and it has been using both parties for a long , long time .
But mainly , it 's the Democratic Party that has played host to it .
And this parasite has been feeding on that host .
If Obama does the smart thing and re-energize his base , however , Beck will consider that confirmation of his running theory that Obama is a closet black Marxist / fascist radical bent on destroying America :
Beck : America , if these people are only politicians , they will do what they did in 1994 , and they will migrate , starting tomorrow , right to the center .
But if we 're right , that these are Marxist revolutionaries , that these are progressives who follow Mao , they are gonna put the foot on the gas -- it 's not gonna be pretty .
And they will eat their own , the Democrats , first .
Beck is obviously reading the Massachusetts results as proof that voters are buying into the Tea Party movement 's right - wing panaceas and are repudiating health - care reform .
That may not be the case : Media Matters notes that Massachusetts voters already have universal health care , and the issue was n't of much importance to Brown supporters .
But watch in the coming weeks for calls to Democrats to expel the evil progressives from their midst .
And Republicans , too , no doubt .
Which will mean , according to Beck , driving out evil " progressives " like John McCain and Lindsey Graham .
... is thoughtfulness .
A dude would probably never do what my secret santa did :
I had actually completely forgotten about the reddit gift exchange , and because I work for myself out of my house , I also receive a lot of boxes .
So , I thought nothing of it when I received a box from Amazon.com yesterday .
Upon opening it , though , the first thing I noticed strange was that it was a reused box , and I did n't recognize the sender .
The second thing I noticed was that there was a LOT of rattling going on inside .
Whatever it was , I figured it was broken in a gajillion pieces .
Then the images of black , red and green wires , and a cell phone attached to C4 entered my mind .
WHAT IF IT WAS A MAIL BOMB !
Well , I had n't performed any abortions recently , so I crossed that possibility off the list .
When I finally mustered up the courage to open this mysterious box , I saw a package in custom - made santa reddit alien wrapping paper .
Under that , I saw ANOTHER package in a custom - made You 've Got Mail Reddit - Red Envelope !
COOOL !
It was from my SECRET SANTA !
YAY !
There was an xmas card inside and it said SPOILER ALERT .
OPEN PRESENTS FIRST .
So I stopped reading and kept sifting through the box .
THEN IT GOT WEIRD .
At the bottom of the box were almost a dozen of these little 1 " buttons .
These were the things making the rattling noise .
Some buttons had reddit aliens on them .
One even had a picture of a Tornado Foosball table on it .
How'd she know I had aspirations to be a professional foosball player ?
http://tinyurl.com/ya6ue4h
But oddly , some buttons had pictures of my friend on them .
And a picture of his wife , and pictures of both his kids ... WTF was going on ?
Was Secret Santa my friend Matt ?
Surely not .
He barely knows how to use the internets .
And why would he give ME buttons to wear of HIS family ?
I opened the other gifts and discovered a miniature samurai sword ( with stand ) , a cool Makeit & Bakit suncatcher , and a flexible pouring cup .
An odd present , but appreciated , just the same .
As a matter of fact , I had been wanting to get a new one coincidentally ...
THEN MY WIFE MADE IT EVEN WEIRDERDER .
Curious , my wife started looking suspiciously over my shoulder , asking what all this stuff was and why anyone would send it to me .
I tried to explain that reddit was this neat online community of seemingly above - average intellect , cool , introspective people , but gave up after she grabbed the xmas card covered in penises ( http://redditgifts.com/gallery/gift/spoiler-alert-xmas-card ) from my hand and started blurting out excerpts , ' While I was in Chicago ! ' , " ... Make it with your Children ! " , and ' I saw your Video ? ! " '
She stared at me and yelled , " VIDEO !
WHAT VIDEO OF US HAVE YOU BEEN PUTTING ONLINE ?! "
Video ?
I thought to myself .
What video of us have I been putting online ?!
Then I looked down at the measuring cup .
Then I saw the reddit wrapping paper .
Then I suddenly put two and two together , and my heart melted with appreciation for what my Secret Santa had done for me .
A few months earlier , I had posted this video : http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/9skzq/no_i_want_to_find_the_guy_that_designed_this_a/
Secret Santa had the thoughtfulness to look up my username , research what I posted , found out I had deep - rooted frustrations with a stupid Pyrex measuring cup , and went out and purchased me a cup that would n't splash all over the place when poured .
She then went above and beyond , by finding pictures of me and family and made cute little buttons out of them .
She saw that I had kids , and included little toys for them as well .
Unfortunately , she had mistakenly mistook all the pictures of my friend and his family , for me and mine , but as ya know , it 's the thought that counts !
AND DAMN , did I have a good laugh !
It was seriously the best unexpected present I had ever received since a Norwegian foreign exchange student asked me out my junior year in high school .
Thank you , so much calantorntain for your thoughtfulness and the time you took to send such kind gifts !
UPDATE : Here is a video I made illustrating Pyrex Suck vs Secret Santa 's Flexible cup Win .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkzFwSOKF4Y
Customer : “ Hi , um , my car was stolen . ”
Me : “ Well , okay , let ’s go out and see where you ’re parked . ”
( We walk into the parking lot . )
Me : “ Okay , where did you park ? ”
Customer : “ Right there , where the Prius is parked !
God d*** tree - hugging Democrat piece of s***! ”
Me : “ Okay , well , let ’s go inside and call the police . ”
( While we wait for the police to come she makes some phone calls and then comes back into the office . )
Customer : “ Sorry , never mind .
Turns out I drove the Prius today and not the Honda . ”
The first specimen of Paranthropus boisei , also called Nutcracker Man , was reported by Mary and Louis Leakey in 1959 from a site in Olduvai Gorge , Tanzania .
The evolution of the distant ancestors of humans and other primates may have been driven by dramatic volcanic eruptions and the parting of continents , according to a controversial new theory .
Scientists remain skeptical about the idea , however .
According to prevailing theories , primates originated in a small area .
From this center of origin , they dispersed to other regions and continents .
The problem with this idea is that it has " resulted in all sorts of contradictory centers of origin , " from Africa to Asia to the Americas , said researcher Michael Heads at the Buffalo Museum of Science in New York .
It has also led to perhaps improbable suggestions that primates rafted across the Mozambique Channel to reach Madagascar or even across the Atlantic to reach South America , " imaginary migrations " that are " incompatible with ecological evidence , " Heads noted .
Instead ,
Heads suggests the ancestors of primates and their nearest relatives were actually widespread across different parts of the supercontinent Pangaea some 185 million years ago , back when the lands that make up our continents nowadays were fused together .
These ancestors could have evolved into the primates in central - South America , Africa , India and southeast Asia , the flying lemurs and tree shrews in southeast Asia , and extinct creatures known as plesiadapiformes in North America and Eurasia .
The big split
Dramatic geological events on Pangaea — major volcanic eruptions and the splitting up of the continent — might have then helped split the primates into different lineages .
For instance , Heads suggested that at roughly the same time as intense volcanic activity in Africa about 180 million years ago , the group that includes humans , other simians , and tarsiers — altogether known as the haplorhines , or dry - nosed primates — split from the strepsirrhines or curly - nosed primates , which include the lemurs and lorises .
There are more examples he poses as well .
He speculated the lemurs of Madagascar diverged from their African relatives at roughly the same time as the opening of the Mozambique Channel some 160 million years ago , while New and Old World monkeys diverged with the opening of the Atlantic about 130 million years ago .
Heads detailed his concept in the journal Zoologica Scripta .
Behind the theory
Heads reached these conclusions by incorporating spatial patterns of primate diversity and distribution as historical evidence for how they might have evolved .
Prior research looked solely at the fossil record and genetic data , he said .
Still , doubts remain .
Evolutionary biologist Anne Yoder at Duke University in Durham , N.C. , bluntly stated , " I believe that Heads ' theory is absurd . "
While Heads conjectures that primates were widespread across Pangaea some 185 million years ago , the ages of the oldest primate fossils known to date suggest they emerged some 56 million years ago , while genetic data suggested they originated some 80 to 116 million years ago .
Primatologist John Fleagle at Stony Brook University in New York added that Heads ' findings " are inconsistent with all other evidence we have about the timing of major events in primate evolution . "
Heads notes that fossils often serve as an incomplete record for what and when animals actually existed .
He added that genetic data might also potentially lead scientists to underestimate ages by tens of millions of years .
Another possibility
Although Fleagle noted it was reasonable to assume that the fossil record is imprecise when it comes to what species emerged when , " the question is how far off is the fossil is record likely to be . "
For instance , " Why do n't we find even a hint of a primate in the very rich fossil record of South America between 180 million years ago and 26 million years ago , if they there were actually there ? "
Indeed , new research suggests primates could have rafted from Africa to Madagascar .
Computer simulations detailed online Jan. 20 in the journal Nature suggest powerful ocean surface currents flowed eastward for a few million years from northeast Mozambique and Tanzania to the island about 50 million years ago .
These could have rapidly carried the ancestors of Madagascar 's mammals outward , following storms that washed them out on natural rafts of trees or large vegetation mats .
" I was very excited to see this paper , " Yoder said .
This kind of dispersal had been an idea without actual data backing it up .
" This takes it out of the realm of storytelling and makes it science , " she added .
" While browsing the code base of a recently inherited project , " Joey L writes , " I found this curious method . "
private String insertComma( String src ) { StringBuffer result = new StringBuffer ( ) ; try { char d = ' " ' ; result.append(d ) ; result.append( src ) ; result.append(d ) ; } catch ( RuntimeException e ) { logger.error(e ) ; } return result .toString ( ) ; }
" In addition to the strange indentation , I noticed three issues with this code . "
" 1 . What is the try / catch for ?
2 . Why is the delimiter not a class variable or a parameter ?
— and finally —
3 . What the $ § %& does the method name to do with the content ?
Joey continued , " while the world does not have an answer to every stupid question , I can at least provide an answer to the last question .
Here 's the ' syntax ' to use the method from above . "
String result = ... + insertComma( varA ) + " , " + insertComma( varB ) + ...;
" Hopefully that clears some things up . "
10 . If the raptor bit off one of your arms , which would you be most likely to do ?
Scream and cry like a giant sissy
Take the arm back and beat the raptor with it
Use the opportunity to try to wrap my chain around the raptor 's neck
Give up and die .
Raptor : 1 , Me : 0 final question !
Increased immigration and higher birth rates , coupled with markedly reduced emigration and lower death rates , have contributed to the highest population growth seen in Sweden since 1946 .
The latest figures released by Statistics Sweden estimate that , as at 1st January 2010 , the population of Sweden will be 9.34 million on the back of 2009 ’s record growth , reports the Local .
In the past ten years the number of newborns recorded in Sweden has risen annually .
In 2009 the total increase was two percent on 2008 numbers with 57,000 boys and 54,000 girls born .
In addition , Statistics Sweden calculates that the death rate has fallen by around one percent .
The research further revealed that the number of Swedish citizens that were born overseas now accounts for 14 percent of the total population .
Finland contributes the greatest number of foreign - born residents with the group being around 173,000 .
Iraq was the second largest overseas contributor with 117,000 while some 400,000 Swedish newborns have both parents born abroad .
The sharp growth in population has also been attributed to immigration with Statistics Sweden estimating that the country welcomed 102,000 new migrants in 2009 .
The predominant immigrant group was Swedish citizens returning home , followed by migrants from Iraq and Somalia .
The Iraqi immigration number has fallen by 30 percent compared to 2008 levels while Somali immigration has risen by 50 percent .
Meanwhile , emigration fell by 15 percent in 2009 compared with 2008 numbers , with just 38,000 Swedish residents relocating abroad .
Norway and Finland remain steady as emigrant destinations but stricter immigration controls in the UK and US contributed to a decrease .
Countries around the world offered swine flu vaccines to people The World Health Organization ( WHO ) has defended its handling of the swine flu pandemic last year , after the Council of Europe cast doubt on its actions .
Countries rushed to order thousands of vaccine doses when the pandemic was declared in June , but the virus proved to be relatively mild .
The WHO 's links to drug companies were questioned at a hearing by the Council of Europe 's health committee .
A WHO flu expert denied there had been improper influence from drug firms .
The WHO's Keiji Fukuda told a hearing in Strasbourg : " Let me state clearly for the record - the influenza pandemic policies and responses recommended and taken by WHO were not improperly influenced by the pharmaceutical industry . "
When a pandemic was declared last June most European countries changed their health priorities to accommodate thousands of expected patients , including spending millions of euros on vaccines for H1N1 .
We feel we should move quickly .
Our purpose is to try to provide guidance , to try to reduce harm
Keiji Fukuda
WHO flu expert A number of European governments signed contracts with drug companies to buy vaccines .
But it has since become clear that although 14,000 people worldwide died from swine flu , and millions more were infected , it is a mild flu with a lower mortality than seasonal influenza .
Allegations from politicians and media about links with drug companies have prompted an internal review at the WHO and the Council of Europe hearings .
Dr Fukuda rejected comparisons between seasonal flu and swine flu - describing them as like comparing oranges to apples .
Seasonal flu figures were based on statistical models , whereas every swine flu death had been confirmed in a laboratory , he said .
He said the WHO response had not been perfect , but a range of experts - including some in the private sector - had been consulted and there had been safeguards to prevent a conflict of interest .
" We are under no illusions that this response was the perfect response , " Dr Fukuda said .
" But we do not wait until [ these global virus outbreaks ] have developed and we see that lots of people are dying .
What we try and do is take preventive actions .
If we are successful no - one will die , no - one will notice anything , " he added .
" We feel we should move quickly .
Our purpose is to try to provide guidance , to try to reduce harm , " he said .
Part of the WHO review would examine if there was a better way to define outbreaks and severity , Dr Fukuda said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Coco ’s going out on top .
Thursday ’s penultimate edition of " The Tonight Show With Conan O’Brien , " which featured visits from Robin Williams , Ben Stiller and Pee- wee Herman , exploded to a 2.6 rating among adults 18 - 49 .
That ’s nearly double the average for primetime ’s " The Jay Leno Show " ( 1.4 ) and essentially triple the tune - in for " Late Show With David Lenohater " ( 0.9 ) .
It ’s also , by far , the best tune - in for Conan since The Troubles began , and 30 percent better than Wednesday ’s show .
Plus , it ’s a larger young adult average than Jay and Dave combined .
( Ratings are overnight numbers from Nielsen ’s 25 metered markets with demo data available .
Final numbers out next week ) .
So much for Nielsen guru Jay Leno ’s maxim , " When you do n’t get the ratings , they take you off the air . "
The Coco imbroglio ( good one , right ? ) is also proving to be quite a goodbye gift from O’Brien to his " Late Night " successor , Jimmy Fallon .
Thursday ’s Fallon notched a 1.0 in the demo , better than Letterman and Jimmy Kimmel ( 0.5 ) , who air in earlier timeslots .
While it would be logical to think O’Brien should do even better in the Nielsens with tonight ’s exit , do n’t forget that audience levels drop dramatically from Thursday to Friday in primetime — and we live in the DVR era .
O’Brien might still climb again in the ratings , but do n’t be shocked if he ’s hit a ceiling .
Want the week ’s TV news delivered directly to your inbox ?
Click here to sign up for email newsletter TheWrap on TV .
With Apple 's annual revenue more than doubling since 2005 , a new analysis looks at the possibility of the Mac maker surpassing its chief rival , Microsoft , as the world 's most valuable technology company .
Gabriel Madway with Reuters offered a look at Apple 's astounding growth , which has caused the Cupertino , Calif. , company 's market value to surge to $ 180 billion .
Microsoft remains much larger , with a $ 250 billion market cap , but it is Apple 's rapid growth that has raised the question of whether it could exceed its rival to the north and become the most valuable technology company in the world .
If AAPL stock were to hit $ 280 , that would reportedly give the company a market value of $ 250 billion — equaling that of Microsoft in its current state .
Of course , that 's a big ' if , ' but with continued rapid iPhone expansion , growth of the Mac platform , and the anticipated introduction of a tablet device in the first quarter of 2010 , some believe it 's possible within the next year .
UBS Investment Research 's Maynard J. Um believes Apple will hit $ 280 , and analyst Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray has a price target of $ 277 for Apple .
In addition , analyst Mike Abramsky with RBC Capital Markets has forecast that AAPL will hit $ 275 in the next 12 months .
For comparison , analysts believe Microsoft could trade as high as $ 36 in the next year , which would reportedly bring its market cap to $ 320 billion .
" Apple is now visible in Microsoft 's rearview mirror , " Madway 's report said .
Despite Apple 's gains , Microsoft is still growing at a brisk pace .
Since 2005 , its revenue has risen 47 percent , to $ 58.4 billion .
But Apple , in the same frame , more than doubled , reaching $ 36.5 billion .
Earnings per share for the Mac maker saw a four - fold increase to $ 6.29 .
Tom Evans
CNN
January 27 , 2010
Trafficking of children and human organs is occurring in the aftermath of the earthquake that devastated parts of Haiti , killed more than 150,000 people , and left many children orphans , Haitian Prime Minister Jean - Max Bellerive said Wednesday .
“ There is organ trafficking for children and other persons also , because they need all types of organs , ” Bellerive said in an exclusive interview with CNN ’s Christiane Amanpour .
He did not give specifics , but asked by Amanpour if there is trafficking of children , Bellerive said , “ The reports I received say yes . ”
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
An American judge on Tuesday granted asylum to a German couple who wanted to homeschool their children , bringing international attention to the debate in Germany over the rights of parents to freely educate their children .
The decision came from immigration judge Lawrence O. Burman in Memphis , Tennessee .
Judge Burman said the German government violated Uwe and Hannelore Romeike 's " basic human rights , " according to the website of the Home School Legal Defense Association , a Virginia - based pro-homeschooling organization that represented the couple .
" Homeschoolers are a particular social group that the German government is trying to suppress , " Burman was quoted as saying .
" This family has a well - founded fear of persecution … therefore , they are eligible for asylum . "
A religious family
The Romeikes moved with their five children to Tennessee in August 2008 and applied for asylum shortly thereafter .
Uwe and his wife Hannelore say German public schools cannot be neutral
The parents identify themselves as evangelical Christians and say religion was the primary reason why they chose to homeschool their children .
Hannelore Romeike said public education can never be neutral .
" During the last 10 - 20 years the curriculum in public schools has been more and more against Christian values , " she told the Associated Press .
" We communicate our values , the teachers communicate theirs , and if the kids are at school , we can not have an influence on what they learn . "
Atlanta - based German consul Lutz Goergens declined to comment directly on the Romeike case , but he pointed out that German parents can send their children to private or religious schools as an alternative to public schools .
Academic freedom
While religious homeschoolers are often covered in the media , they do n't represent all German homeschooling families , said Dagmar Neubronner , a publisher and therapist in Bremen who moved her children from Germany to France to homeschool them .
Neubronner told Deutsche
Welle when her children were in public schools they often complained of not having enough academic freedom and of noise and disruptions from classmates .
" Our children did n't thrive in school , " she said .
Bruegelmann says all children should be exposed to diversity of opinion
After attempting to get permission from German courts to homeschool her children , she says , she was threatened with fines and jail time .
It was then that she and her husband decided to move their children to France where they could legally homeschool them .
When asked whether homeschooled children have difficulty integrating into society , Neubronner said those claims were " not proven by reality . "
" Just look around to all those countries where homeschooling is permitted , " she said .
" You do n't find a group of ex-homeschoolers who fail in life . "
' Embryonic democracy '
The German laws mandating public - school attendance date back to Germany 's first experiment with democracy in 1919 , according to Hans Bruegelmann , an education professor at the University of Siegen .
Bruegelmann said previously private education was only available to the elite , and that the public - school mandate was a clear political choice .
" The school is an embryonic democracy and will help to integrate children and young people coming from different backgrounds into the democratic culture , " he said .
Integration into democracy and learning to get along with those who hold opposing opinions are important skills that children cannot learn when homeschooled , Bruegelmann said , and that is especially true with highly religious parents .
" They should not have the right to indoctrinate their children , " he said .
" It 's important for children , besides the experience they make at home , which is respected , to have access to other sources of understanding the world . "
When asked about Germans ' opinions on the public school mandate , Bruegelmann said he thought most Germans supported it .
He admitted , however , that he could not say whether that was because they truly believed in it or if it was simply what they were accustomed to .
Author : Andrew Bowen
Editor : Nancy Isenson
Bad news comes in threes .
Just hours after Sen. Byron Dorgan ( D - ND ) announced his retirement , Colorado Gov. Bill Ritter notified his campaign that he , too , would not seek re-election .
Late tonight , aides to Chris Dodd sent word that the long - time senator from Connecticut would also be stepping aside .
There are individual , candidate - specific reasons for each withdrawal , but each candidate , because of the national environment , faced tough re-election campaigns .
Dodd was in the most danger , his image never recovering from his association with Countrywide CEO Angelo Mozillo and an impression that he had abandoned the state .
The Democrat who will likely replace Dodd as the Democratic nominee , state Attorney General Richard Blumenthal , is popular , and will probably be favored to win over either of the two Republican candidates , Linda McMahon and former Rep. Rob Simmons .
Colorado is a tough state for Democrats .
Senate incumbent Michael Bennet has an even chance , at best , of retaining his seat , and Ritter has suffered from an erosion of his base support at a time when he 's been forced to make unpopular budget decisions .
Democrats may fare better if ex-House Speaker Andrew Romanoff decides to run for governor and not challenge Bennet in the Senate primary .
The parents in the “ Balloon Boy ” ruse have been hit with a tab of $ 42,000 from local , state and federal agencies for their October stunt that briefly left many fearing for the fate of their 6 - year - old , their lawyer said Monday .
The Heenes ’ attorney , David Lane , said the Fort Collins couple is n’t ready to pay up , at least not yet .
“ Let ’s see the bills , ” he said .
“ They ’re not paying anything until they see some receipts . ”
Lane said he was e-mailed the amounts by the Larimer County district attorney ’s office .
The Heenes reached a plea deal on charges stemming from the October hoax , in which they led the world to believe their 6 - year - old son was aboard the homemade craft on its 50 - mile flight from their Fort Collins home .
They are to be sentenced Wednesday in Larimer County .
A judge could determine then what they owe in restitution to the agencies that responded , from police to the National Guard and the Federal Aviation Administration .
“ If they ’ve got records to show these are legitimate costs , then we can discuss it , ” Lane said .
“ But , first off , these people do n’t have that kind of money . ”
A rapt television audience watched the flying saucer - shaped balloon drift across the Colorado plains Oct. 16 after the Heenes reported their son was on board .
When the balloon landed , the boy was not inside .
He was hidden in an attic at his house and later said on national television that the incident was done for a show .
The family was shopping themselves to networks as stars of a show about a science - crazy family .
The Larimer County Sheriff ’s Office said Monday it appears the Heenes acted alone in the publicity stunt and that no media outlets conspired or made promises .
The Associated Press contributed to this story .
Joey Bunch : 303-954-1174 or jbunch@denverpost.com
I do n't like service providers .
Cable TV , landline phone and fax , mobile phone , ISP , and even satellite radio companies have so little real competition that they know they do n't have to impress me very much to get my business .
I either pay the full fees and become connected to them by their cord ( physical or wireless ) , or I do n't get any service .
Until lately .
Now those companies face new pressure from Web - based technologies and services that can offer similar features for far less money , or even for free .
Many of these services ride in on the cord owned by the big service provider , relegating said service provider to the job of operating " dumb pipes . "
Which TV executive knew just a few years ago that paid and free online services could threaten cable companies ?
Ditto for the VoIP challenge to landline phones , online fax services replacing another cord , Internet radio being a better value than a satellite subscription , and more .
Here I 'll explain the alternatives that can help you walk away from the biggest corded companies that we love to hate .
You can pick and choose which are still worth keeping and which to toss .
Are you being pressured into buying a service provider 's " triple play " ?
Try three strikes and you 're out .
Pay for TV and Movies Instead of Cable Service
The cable -- and satellite -- TV model is on life support .
Who wants to pay $ 100 or more a month for an endless well of unwatched shows ?
Even if you have an appetite for premium - channel shows , you can save money by buying some à la carte and watching others free online .
Paid , per -show TV sources are all around you .
Apple iTunes , Amazon VOD , Zune Marketplace , Blockbuster On Demand , and Jaman store thousands of shows and movies .
All offer various purchase and rental options , often $ 3 to $ 4 to rent a movie for a day .
Expect to drop about $ 30 to $ 40 per season of scripted , premium - channel TV ( HBO , Showtime , and such ) , or , often , about $ 10 less for network shows .
That sounds pricy at first , and it often costs more than buying a physical disc .
But total up four or five of those seasons and a handful of movies , and you could pay half as much as cable over the same time period .
If you want to watch video on a portable device , stick with iTunes for iPod and iPhone compatibility ; or Zune Marketplace for Zune support .
Unfortunately , the other stores do n't offer portable media player support .
If you have an AppleTV or an Xbox 360 , you can at least watch your shows in the living room .
Netflix is a good base service for any cable TV - free home .
The cheapest subscription for the DVD - by - mail service is $ 8.99 each month , but much of the value comes in the thousands of shows and movies you can stream from Netflix to your PC .
Plus , Netflix can stream to a TiVo , Xbox 360 , PS3 , dedicated Roku device , and other hardware , so you can watch in the living room without a media center PC .
Similar streaming services like Amazon , Blockbuster , Jaman , and others can play on much of the same hardware .
Check your TV - connected hardware against these services ' support pages .
I 've also got my eye on the upcoming Boxee Box and Sezmi service ; both will offer hardware that plays Internet - streamed video on a TV .
Sezmi , which will be rolling out nationwide this year , even promises local shows and live sports , one of the biggest deficits in online libraries .
Next : Free TV , Movies , Phone Service , and more
The “ other ” imbalance and the financial crisis
Ricardo Caballero
Global imbalances have been suggested as the root cause of the global crisis .
This column argues that another imbalance is the guilty party .
The entire world had an insatiable demand for safe debt instruments that put an enormous pressure on the US financial system and its incentives .
This structural problem can be alleviated if governments around the world explicitly absorb a larger share of the systemic risk .
One of the main economic villains before this crisis was the presence of large “ global imbalances ” , which refer to the massive and persistent current account deficits experienced by the US and financed by the periphery .
The IMF , then in a desperate search for a new mandate that would justify its existence , had singled out these imbalances as a paramount risk for the global economy .
That concern was shared by many around the world and was intellectually grounded on the devastating crises often experienced by emerging market economies that run chronic current account deficits ( DeLong 2008 ) .
The main trigger of these crises is the abrupt macroeconomic adjustment needed to deal with a sudden reversal in the net capital inflows that supported the previous expansion and current account deficits ( the so called “ sudden stops ” ) .
The global concern was that the US would experience a similar fate , which unavoidably would drag the world economy into a deep recession .
Lessons to be learned when the " wrong " crisis happened
However , when the crisis finally did come , the mechanism did not at all resemble the feared sudden stop , as I argued recently in my Baffi Lecture at the Bank of Italy ( Caballero 2009 ) .
Quite the opposite occurred .
During the crisis , net capital inflows to the US were a stabilising rather than a destabilising force .
The US as a whole never experienced , not even remotely , an external funding problem .
This is an important observation to keep in mind as it hints that it is not the global imbalances per se , or at least not through their conventional mechanism , that should be our primary concern .
I argue instead that the root imbalance was of a different kind – although not entirely unrelated to global imbalances .
The entire world had an insatiable demand for safe debt instruments – including foreign central banks and investors , but also many US financial institutions .
This put enormous pressure on the US financial system and its incentives ( Caballero and Krishnamurthy 2008 ) .
The financial sector was able to create micro-AAA assets from the securitisation of lower quality ones , but at the cost of exposing the system to a panic , which finally did take place .
The crisis itself was the result of the interaction between the initial tremors in the financial industry created to supply safe assets , caused by the rise in subprime defaults , and the panic associated to the chaotic unravelling of this complex industry .
Safe - asset demand as the key factor
In this view , the surge of safe - asset demand was a key factor behind the rise in leverage and macroeconomic risk concentration in financial institutions in the US as well as the UK , Germany , and a few other developed economies .
These institutions sought the profits generated from bridging the gap between this rise in demand and the expansion of its natural supply .
In all likelihood , the safe - asset shortage was also a central force behind the creation of highly complex financial instruments and linkages , which ultimately exposed the economy to panics triggered by Knightian uncertainty ( Caballero and Krishnamurthy 2008 , Caballero and Simsek 2009a , b ) .
This is not to say that the often emphasised regulatory and corporate governance weaknesses , misguided homeownership policies , and unscrupulous lenders played no role in creating the conditions for the surge in real estate prices and its eventual crash .
Instead , these were mainly important in determining the minimum resistance path for the safe - assets imbalance to release its energy , rather than being the structural sources of the dramatic recent macroeconomic boom - bust cycle .
Role of global imbalances
Similarly , it is not to say that global imbalances did not play a role .
Indeed , there is a connection between the safe - assets imbalance and the more visible global imbalances .
The latter were caused by the funding countries ’ demand for financial assets in excess of their ability to produce them ( Caballero et al 2008a , b ) , but this gap is particularly acute for safe assets since emerging markets have very limited institutional capability to produce these assets .
Thus , the excess demand for safe - assets from the periphery greatly added to the US economy ’s own imbalance caused by a variety of collateral , regulatory , and mandated requirements for banks , mutual funds , insurance companies , and other financial institutions .
This safe - asset excess demand was exacerbated by the NASDAQ crash , which re-alerted the rest of the world of the risks inherent to the equity market even in developed economies .
Internal - external axis versus the safe - risky axis
The point is that the gap to focus on is not along the external dimension we are so accustomed to , but along the safe - asset dimension .
Shifting the focus provides a parsimonious account of many of the main events prior to , as well as during , the onset of the crisis – something the global ( current account ) imbalances view alone is unable to do .
New insight :
How the pre-crisis mechanism worked
Within this perspective , the main pre-crisis mechanism worked as follows :
By 2001 , as the demand for safe assets began to rise above what the US corporate sector and safe - mortgage - borrowers naturally could provide , financial institutions began to search for mechanisms to generate triple - A assets from previously untapped and riskier sources .
Subprime borrowers were next in line , but in order to produce safe assets from their loans , “ banks ” had to create complex instruments and conduits that relied on the law of large numbers and tranching of their liabilities .
Similar instruments were created from securitisation of all sorts of payment streams , ranging from auto to student loans ( see Gorton and Souleles 2006 ) .
Along the way , and reflecting the value associated with creating financial instruments from them , the price of real estate and other assets in short supply rose sharply .
A positive feedback loop was created , as the rapid appreciation of the underlying assets seemed to justify a large triple - A tranche for derivative CDOs and related products .
Credit rating agencies contributed to this loop , and so did greed and misguided homeownership policies , but most likely they were not the main structural causes behind the boom and bust that followed .
Systemic fragility of the new instruments
From a systemic point of view , this new found source of triple - A assets was much riskier than the traditional single - name highly rated bond .
As Coval et al ( 2009 ) demonstrate , for a given unconditional probability of default , a highly rated tranche made of lower - quality underlying assets will tend to default , in fact it can ( nearly ) only default , during a systemic event .
This means that , even if correctly rated as triple - A , the correlation between these complex assets distress and systemic distress is much higher than for simpler single - name bonds of equivalent rating .
The systemic fragility of these instruments became a source of systemic risk in itself once a significant share of them was kept within the financial system rather than sold to final investors .
Banks and their " special purpose vehicles " – attracted by the low capital requirement provided by the senior and super - senior tranches of structured products – kept them in their books ( and issued short term triple - A liabilities to fund them ) , sometimes passing their ( perceived ) infinitesimal risk onto the monolines and insurance companies ( AIG , in particular ) .
The recipe was copied by the main European financial centres ( Acharya and Schnabl 2009 ) .
Through this process , the core of the financial system became interconnected in increasingly complex ways and , as such , it developed vulnerability to a systemic event .
The straw that broke the back … and systemic panic
The triggering event was the crash in the real estate “ bubble ” and the rise in subprime mortgage defaults that followed it .
But this can not be all of it .
The global financial system went into cardiac arrest mode and was on the verge of imploding more than once .
This seems hard to attribute to a relatively small shock that was well within the range of possible scenarios .
The real damage came from the unexpected and sudden freezing of the entire securitisation industry .
Almost instantaneously , confidence vanished and the complexity which made possible the “ multiplication of bread ” during the boom , turned into a source of counterparty risk , both real and imaginary .
Eventually , even senior and super - senior tranches were no longer perceived as invulnerable .
Making matters worse , banks had to bring back into their balance sheets more of this new risk from the now struggling ‘ Structure Investment Vehicles ’ and conduits ( see Gorton 2008 ) .
Knightian uncertainty took over , and pervasive flights to quality plagued the financial system .
Fear fed into more fear , causing reluctance to engage in financial transactions , even among the prime financial institutions .
Along the way the underlying structural deficit of safe assets worsened as the newly found source of triple - A assets from the securitisation industry dried up and the spike in perceived uncertainty further increased demand for these assets .
Safe interest rates plummeted to record low levels .
Initially , the flight to quality was a boon for money market funds .
They suddenly found themselves facing a herd of new clients .
To capture a large share of this demand expansion form these new clients who had a higher risk - tolerance than their usual clients , some money market funds began to invest in short - term commercial paper issued by the investment banks in distress .
This strategy backfired after Lehman ’s collapse , when the Reserve Primary Fund “ broke - the - buck ” as a result of its losses associated with Lehman ’s bankruptcy .
Perceived complexity reached a new level as even the supposedly safest private funds were no longer immune to contagion .
Widespread panic ensued and were it not for the massive and concerted intervention taken by governments around the world , the financial system would have imploded .
Global imbalances and sudden reversals nowhere to be seen
Global imbalances and their feared sudden reversal never played a significant role for the US during this deep crisis .
In fact , the worse things became , the more domestic and foreign investors ran to US Treasuries for cover and treasury rates plummeted ( and the dollar appreciated ) .
Instead , the largest reallocation of funds matched the downgrade in perception of the safety of the newly created triple - A securitisation based assets .
Moreover , global imbalances per se were caused by large excess demand for financial assets more broadly ( Bernanke 2007 and Caballero et al 2008 b ) .
This had as a main consequence ( and still has ) the recurrent emergence of bubbles ( Caballero 2006 and Caballero et al 2008a ) .
But it was not a source of systemic instability in the developed world until it began to drift toward safe assets .
It was only then that the financial system became compromised , as it was a required input to the securitisation process .
This drift was probably the result of the rise in risk awareness following the NASDAQ crash and the increase in the relative importance of global public savings in the demand for financial assets .
What is to be done ?
One approach to addressing these issues prospectively would be for governments to explicitly bear a greater share of the systemic risk .
There are two prongs within this approach .
On one hand , the surplus countries ( those that on net demand financial assets ) could rebalance their portfolios toward riskier assets .
On the other hand , the asset - producer countries have essentially two polar options ( and a continuum in between ) : either the government takes care of supplying much of the triple - A assets , or it lets the private sector take the lead role with government support only during extreme systemic events .
If the governments in asset - producing countries were to do it directly , then they would have to issue bonds beyond their fiscal needs , which in turn would require them to buy risky assets themselves .
From the point of view of a balanced allocation of risks across the world , this option appears to be dominated by one in which sovereigns in surplus countries ( e.g. China ) choose to demand riskier assets themselves .
The public - private option
A more cumbersome but more promising avenue is to foster a public - private option within asset - producing countries .
The reason this is an option at all is that the main failure during the crisis was not in the private sector ’s ability to create triple - A assets through complex financial engineering , but in the systemic vulnerability created by this process .
It is possible to preserve the good aspects of this process while finding a mechanism to relocate the systemic risk component generated by this asset - creation activity away from the banks and into private investors ( for small and medium size shocks ) and the government ( for tail events ) .
This transfer can be done on an ex ante basis and for a fair fee , which can incorporate any concerns with the size , complexity , and systemic exposure of specific financial institutions .
There are many options to do so , all of which amount to some form of partially mandated governmental insurance provision to the financial sector against a systemic event .
References
Acharya , Viral V. and Philipp Schnabl ( 2009 ) .
“ How Banks Played the Leverage ‘ Game ’ ” , Chapter 2 in Acharya , Viral V. and Matthew Richardson , eds. , Restoring Financial Stability : How to Repair a Failed System , New York University Stern School of Business , John Wiley & Sons .
Caballero , Ricardo ( 2009 ) .
“ The Paolo Baffi Lecture ” , delivered at the Bank of Italy on December 10th .
Caballero , Ricardo J. and Alp Simsek ( 2009a ) .
“ Complexity and Financial Panics . ” MIT mimeo , June .
Caballero , Ricardo J. and Alp Simsek ( 2009 b ) .
“ Fire Sales in a Model of Complexity . ” MIT mimeo , July .
Caballero , Ricardo J. and Arvind Krishnamurthy ( 2008 ) .
“ Knightian uncertainty and its implications for the TARP , ” Financial Times Economists ’ Forum , November 24
Caballero , Ricardo J. and Arvind Krishnamurthy , 2008a .
“ Collective Risk Management ina Flight to Quality Episode . ” Journal of Finance , Vol. 63 , Issue 5 , October .
Caballero , Ricardo J. ( 2006 ) .
“ On the Macroeconomics of Asset Shortages . ”
In The Role of Money : Money and Monetary Policy in the Twenty ‐ First Century The Fourth European Central Banking Conference 9‐10 November , Andreas Beyer and Lucrezia Reichlin , editors .
Pages 272‐283 .
Caballero , Ricardo J. ( 2009a ) .
“ Dow Boost and a ( Nearly ) Private Sector Solution to the Crisis . ” VoxEU.org , February 22 .
Caballero , Ricardo J. ( 2009 b ) .
“ A Global Perspective on the Great Financial Insurance Run : Causes , Consequences , and Solutions . ” MIT mimeo , January 20 .
Caballero , Ricardo J. , Emmanuel Farhi and Pierre ‐Olivier Gourinchas , ( 2008a ) .
“ Financial Crash , Commodity Prices , and Global Imbalances . ”
Brookings Papers on Economic Activity , Fall , pp 1‐55 .
Caballero , Ricardo J. , Emmanuel Farhi and Pierre ‐Olivier Gourinchas , ( 2008 b ) .
“ An Equilibrium Model of ' Global Imbalances ' and Low Interest Rates . ” American Economic Review , 98:1 , pgs 358‐393 .
Coval , Joshua D. , Jakub W. Jurek and Erik Stafford . ( 2009 ) .
“ The Economics of Structured Finance . ” Journal of Economic Perspectives , Vol. 23 , No. 1 , Winter
DeLong , J. Bradford ( 2008 ) .
“ The wrong financial crisis ” , VoxEU.org , 10 October .
Gorton , Gary B. ( 2008 ) .
“ The Panic of 2007 . ” In Maintaining the Stability in a Changing Financial System .
Proceedings of the 2008 Jackson Hole Conference , Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City .
Gorton , Gary B. , and Nicholas Souleles . ( 2006 ) .
“ Special Purpose Vehicles and Securitization . ”
In The Risks of Financial Institutions , edited by Rene Stulz and Mark Carey .
University of Chicago Press .
A quick video overview about LEED , the LEED certification process , and the LEED exams .
Great explanation if you ’re not already a LEED expert .
About LEED
LEED is an internationally recognized green building certification system , providing third - party verification that a building or community was designed and built using strategies aimed at improving performance across all the metrics that matter most : energy savings , water efficiency , CO2 emissions reduction , improved indoor environmental quality , and stewardship of resources .
Developed by the U.S. Green Building Council ( USGBC ) , LEED provides building owners and operators a concise framework for identifying and implementing practical and measurable green building design , construction , operations and maintenance solutions .
Reading histograms is an important skill to acquire in the world of digital photography .
Most images from digital cameras will require some amount of post processing , particularly if you shoot raw format .
And most of the processing can be done by viewing the aesthetics of the image as you go , but having the ability to read and manipulate a histogram will increase your productivity and output quality .
So what exactly is a histogram ?
And how the heck do you “ read ” one ?
Take this , for example :
At a glance , it does n’t tell you much .
But there are certain things that you can take from the histogram .
No , it does n’t tell you that it belongs to a photo of a deserted trailer half buried in the middle of the desert .
It does n’t tell you if the image is in focus or if your composition is good .
It only tells you the tonal values of the pixels contained in the image — blacks on the left , whites on the right .
For this article , I ’ll be looking at a black and white image and histogram in order to simplify things .
Color histograms work on the same concepts , but with 3 channels rather than one .
MID CONTRAST AND BRIGHTNESS
This is pretty much a straight b/w conversion with no contrast or brightness adjustments .
It does n’t look too bad , but it is n’t terribly dynamic either .
And if you look at the histogram , you ’ll see that the pixels fall into a centered group with a little breathing room on the shadows and highlights .
We ’ll use this one as our baseline to compare against .
The other histograms will show this in a transparent green .
LOW CONTRAST
You can visually recognize the lower contrast in this image , and that correlates to a change in the histogram distribution .
The pixels near the black and white points have moved in toward a neutral gray , which gives the appearance of lower contrast .
The whole thing has basically been squeezed to the center .
HIGH CONTRAST
Again , you can visually recognize the higher contrast in this image , and the histogram changed too .
The pixels near center have basically migrated outward toward the blacks and whites , thus giving us more contrast .
This time we ’re squashing pixels from the middle outward .
LOW BRIGHTNESS
Lower brightness is just a shift of tones toward the black region .
You can see that the entire histogram has been pushed to the left .
Also notice that the tonal range has been decreased , as shown by a narrower histogram .
HIGH BRIGHTNESS
Higher brightness is a shift in tones toward the white region .
Here you can see that the entire histogram has been pushed to the right .
Also notice that the tonal range has been increased , as shown by a wider histogram .
THE FINAL IMAGE
You can see that I went with a high contrast , high brightness image for my final path .
The histogram shows this with the wide tonal range and a heavy concentration of pixels in the highlights .
CAN YOU SEE IT NOW ?
This chart shows a combination of contrast and brightness adjustments on the example photo .
As you move from left to right ( low brightness to high brightness ) , you can see the histograms shift to the right .
As you move from bottom to top ( low contrast to high contrast ) , you can see the histograms widen .
Click the image for a larger version
The reason I ’ve posted this article is because I want to get into the topic of manipulating the histogram during post processing — using it to guide you in what adjustments to apply .
So the next article will look at how some of the basic adjustments affect the histogram and the image .
We ’ve already covered contrast and brightness adjustments here , but there are a few others we ’ll need to utilize .
In the meantime , here ’s some additional reading on the topic of histograms :
Working With Image Histograms
Photoshop Tip : Understanding Histograms
Camera Histograms : Tones and Contrast
A Practical Guide to Interpreting RGB Histograms
Mr. Bruno , 80 , is scheduled to be sentenced on March 31 and faces up to 20 years and a $ 250,000 fine on each felony count .
But Judge Gary L. Sharpe has broad discretion in sentencing , and Mr. Bruno ’s defense was expected to appeal .
“ I am very , very disappointed in the verdict , ” Mr. Bruno told reporters on the steps of the federal courthouse here .
“ The legal process is going to continue .
In my mind and in my heart , it is not over until it ’s over .
And I think it ’s far from over .
Thank you all , have a good night and merry Christmas . ”
The jury entered the courtroom at 4:16 p.m. and as the verdict on first counts were revealed  not guilty on the first and second , no verdict reached on the third  the mood among Bruno supporters in the courtroom grew almost euphoric .
But as Judge Sharpe read out a guilty verdict on the fourth count , the mood turned .
Mr. Bruno ’s normally upright frame sagged .
“ We established at this trial that Bruno exploited his office by concealing the nature and source of substantial payments that he received from parties that benefited from his official actions , ” Andrew T. Baxter , the acting United States attorney for the Northern District of New York , said in a statement .
The federal statute under which Mr. Bruno was charged , which makes it a crime for officials to use wires or the mail to deprive constituents of their “ honest services ” by concealing conflicts of interest , are set to be reviewed by the Supreme Court and could be struck down in whole or in part during the coming months , potentially aiding any appeal .
Sigur Rós have scrapped their new album , binning recordings described last year as " near completion " .
Frontman Jonsí Birgisson has revealed that the Icelandic band are on indefinite hiatus , as they are busy " having babies " and releasing solo albums .
In May 2009 , Sigur Rós wrote on their website about sessions at the Sundlaugin studio in Álafoss , Iceland .
Drummer Orri Páll Dyrason told a local newspaper that the band were almost finished work on their sixth LP , a record that was " slower and more ambient " than their last two .
The " out there " release would likely be released in 2010 , he said .
Speaking to Spinner this week , Birgisson has dashed such hopes .
" We have n't got another album ready , " he said .
" It was just a rumour .
We started to record something , but then we chucked it all away .
So I think we are going to have to start it all again . "
" We are on a break at the moment .
Everybody in the band is having babies . "
For Birgisson , this baby seems to be a musical one : the singer will deliver his first solo album , Go , on 22 March .
Under the name Riceboy Sleeps , Birgisson and boyfriend Alex Somers also released an instrumental debut last year .
Sigur Rós 's most recent album was 2008 's Med Sud I Eyrum Vid Spilum Endalaust .
For the complete text , including illustrations , introductory quote , footnotes , and commentary on the reaction to the originally published article see Billions and Billions .
If you deliberately kill a human being , it 's called murder .
If you deliberately kill a chimpanzee - - biologically , our closest relative , sharing 99.6 percent of our active genes -- whatever else it is , it 's not murder .
To date , murder uniquely applies to killing human beings .
Therefore , the question of when personhood ( or , if we like , ensoulment ) arises is key to the abortion debate .
When does the fetus become human ?
When do distinct and characteristic human qualities emerge ?
We recognize that specifying a precise moment will overlook individual differences .
Therefore , if we must draw a line , it ought to be drawn conservatively -- that is , on the early side .
There are people who object to having to set some numerical limit , and we share their disquiet ; but if there is to be a law on this matter , and it is to effect some useful compromise between the two absolutist positions , it must specify , at least roughly , a time of transition to personhood .
Every one of us began from a dot .
A fertilized egg is roughly the size of the period at the end of this sentence .
The momentous meeting of sperm and egg generally occurs in one of the two fallopian tubes .
One cell becomes two , two become four , and so on — an exponentiation of base - 2 arithmetic .
By the tenth day the fertilized egg has become a kind of hollow sphere wandering off to another realm : the womb .
It destroys tissue in its path .
It sucks blood from capillaries .
It bathes itself in maternal blood , from which it extracts oxygen and nutrients .
It establishes itself as a kind of parasite on the walls of the uterus .
So , if only a person can be murdered , when does the fetus attain personhood ?
When its face becomes distinctly human , near the end of the first trimester ?
When the fetus becomes responsive to stimuli-- again , at the end of the first trimester ?
When it becomes active enough to be felt as quickening , typically in the middle of the second trimester ?
When the lungs have reached a stage of development sufficient that the fetus might , just conceivably , be able to breathe on its own in the outside air ?
The trouble with these particular developmental milestones is not just that they 're arbitrary .
More troubling is the fact that none of them involves uniquely human characteristics -- apart from the superficial matter of facial appearance .
All animals respond to stimuli and move of their own volition .
Large numbers are able to breathe .
But that does n't stop us from slaughtering them by the billions .
Reflexes and motion are not what make us human .
Other animals have advantages over us -- in speed , strength , endurance , climbing or burrowing skills , camouflage , sight or smell or hearing , mastery of the air or water .
Our one great advantage , the secret of our success , is thought -- characteristically human thought .
We are able to think things through , imagine events yet to occur , figure things out .
That 's how we invented agriculture and civilization .
Thought is our blessing and our curse , and it makes us who we are .
Thinking occurs , of course , in the brain -- principally in the top layers of the convoluted " gray matter " called the cerebral cortex .
The roughly 100 billion neurons in the brain constitute the material basis of thought .
The neurons are connected to each other , and their linkups play a major role in what we experience as thinking .
But large - scale linking up of neurons does n't begin until the 24th to 27th week of pregnancy -- the sixth month .
By placing harmless electrodes on a subject 's head , scientists can measure the electrical activity produced by the network of neurons inside the skull .
Different kinds of mental activity show different kinds of brain waves .
But brain waves with regular patterns typical of adult human brains do not appear in the fetus until about the 30th week of pregnancy -- near the beginning of the third trimester .
Fetuses younger than this -- however alive and active they may be -- lack the necessary brain architecture .
They can not yet think .
Acquiescing in the killing of any living creature , especially one that might later become a baby , is troublesome and painful .
But we 've rejected the extremes of " always " and " never , " and this puts us -- like it or not -- on the slippery slope .
If we are forced to choose a developmental criterion , then this is where we draw the line : when the beginning of characteristically human thinking becomes barely possible .
It is , in fact , a very conservative definition : Regular brain waves are rarely found in fetuses .
More research would help …
If we wanted to make the criterion still more stringent , to allow for occasional precocious fetal brain development , we might draw the line at six months .
This , it so happens , is where the Supreme Court drew it in 1973 -- although for completely different reasons .
Its decision in the case of Roe v. Wade changed American law on abortion .
It permits abortion at the request of the woman without restriction in the first trimester and , with some restrictions intended to protect her health , in the second trimester .
It allows states to forbid abortion in the third trimester , except when there 's a serious threat to the life or health of the woman .
In the 1989 Webster decision , the Supreme Court declined explicitly to overturn Roe v.
Wade but in effect invited the 50 state legislatures to decide for themselves .
What was the reasoning in Roe v. Wade ?
There was no legal weight given to what happens to the children once they are born , or to the family .
Instead , a woman 's right to reproductive freedom is protected , the court ruled , by constitutional guarantees of privacy .
But that right is not unqualified .
The woman 's guarantee of privacy and the fetus 's right to life must be weighed -- and when the court did the weighing ' priority was given to privacy in the first trimester and to life in the third .
The transition was decided not from any of the considerations we have been dealing with so far …-- not when " ensoulment " occurs , not when the fetus takes on sufficient human characteristics to be protected by laws against murder .
Instead , the criterion adopted was whether the fetus could live outside the mother .
This is called " viability " and depends in part on the ability to breathe .
The lungs are simply not developed , and the fetus cannot breathe -- no matter how advanced an artificial lung it might be placed in — until about the 24th week , near the start of the sixth month .
This is why Roe v.
Wade permits the states to prohibit abortions in the last trimester .
It 's a very pragmatic criterion .
If the fetus at a certain stage of gestation would be viable outside the womb , the argument goes , then the right of the fetus to life overrides the right of the woman to privacy .
But just what does " viable " mean ?
Even a full - term newborn is not viable without a great deal of care and love .
There was a time before incubators , only a few decades ago , when babies in their seventh month were unlikely to be viable .
Would aborting in the seventh month have been permissible then ?
After the invention of incubators , did aborting pregnancies in the seventh month suddenly become immoral ?
What happens if , in the future , a new technology develops so that an artificial womb can sustain a fetus even before the sixth month by delivering oxygen and nutrients through the blood -- as the mother does through the placenta and into the fetal blood system ?
We grant that this technology is unlikely to be developed soon or become available to many .
But if it were available , does it then become immoral to abort earlier than the sixth month , when previously it was moral ?
A morality that depends on , and changes with , technology is a fragile morality ; for some , it is also an unacceptable morality .
And why , exactly , should breathing ( or kidney function , or the ability to resist disease ) justify legal protection ?
If a fetus can be shown to think and feel but not be able to breathe , would it be all right to kill it ?
Do we value breathing more than thinking and feeling ?
Viability arguments cannot , it seems to us , coherently determine when abortions are permissible .
Some other criterion is needed .
Again , we offer for consideration the earliest onset of human thinking as that criterion .
Since , on average , fetal thinking occurs even later than fetal lung development , we find Roe v.
Wade to be a good and prudent decision addressing a complex and difficult issue .
With prohibitions on abortion in the last trimester -- except in cases of grave medical necessity -- it strikes a fair balance between the conflicting claims of freedom and life .
To protect the wiki against automated account creation , we kindly ask you to answer the question that appears below ( more info ) :
What was the first name of the first president of the United States ?
Welcome to the toy shop !
Here you 'll find a variety of rather unusual paper toys ,
all free for you to print out and enjoy .
The toys include a
hearse playset , coffin gift boxes ( with occupants ) , a little
cemetery , a few dark gloomy haunted houses , several
unusual board games , some horrifying monsters , and quite
a few other dark delights .
So pick out some toys , print out
the pattern pages , and with a few common supplies like
scissors and glue you 're ready to create all these
strange little curiosities .
I hope you 'll enjoy them all .
I recommend printing these toys on HEAVY CARD STOCK .
Be sure to print ACTUAL SIZE ( Do n't accidentally resize , shrink or enlarge ) .
Click here for some Toy Building Tips .
THE GHOST SHIP
If you 've often considered building a model ship ,
but find yourself hesitant to assemble the eighty
or ninety quadrillion pieces they usually involve ,
then you might enjoy building this trusty old vessel .
The assembly has been kept as simple as possible ,
while retaining the characteristics of an authentic
sailing ship .
And did I mention it 's haunted ?
Click here to build yours !
THE DARK PROMISE
Here 's a replica of the ship that sent fear into
the hearts of pirates the world over .
For this
ship 's only target was other pirate vessels .
Its murderous crew sent many a pirate to an
early watery grave , and now YOU can be the
captain of this fearsome ship !
Click here to build yours !
THE LIGHTHOUSE
Here 's an ancient lighthouse that 's in need of
a new keeper .
You see , the previous lighthouse
keepers have all gone mad for one reason or
another .
But you 'll probably have much better
luck with the place than they did .
Click here to build yours !
THE BLEAK ESTATE
This spooky old house needs a few repairs , but
if you 're looking for a quiet place where the
neighbors wo n't bother you , this is the ideal
property .
Nobody ever comes anywhere near .
Of course , you 'll probably be better off not
going up to the attic .
And do n't let those
mysterious wailing sounds bother you .
Also ... you do n't mind ghosts , do you ?
Click here to build yours !
THE GHOST HOUSE
It seems every town has a ' ghost house ' ,
and RavensBlight is certainly no exception .
This nicely detailed model stands about eight
and a half inches tall , just large enough to hold
your deepest fears and gravest misgivings .
Plus ... this model has a hidden storage
compartment for all your other stuff !
Click here to build yours !
STARC MANOR
This was a sanitarium back in 1910 , but that
did n't work out very well .
And nothing the
building has been used for since then has
turned out very well either .
It 's almost
as if the place is haunted ...
Click here to build yours !
RAVENSBLIGHT CEMETERY
Would n't you love to be the new Caretaker of
RavensBlight Cemetery ?
What happened to the
last Caretaker , you ask ?
Well , he ... ummm ...
he was n't ... ummm ... he did n't ... ummm ...
he left .
So the place is pretty much up for grabs .
Click here to build yours !
DARC MANSION
This massive stone structure was once the home of
Gideon Darc , a tremendously unpopular individual .
In fact , his entire family was feared and shunned by
everyone .
Of course , they 've all been gone a very
long time .
And the mansion has been waiting silently
for a new owner to come along .
Interested ?
Click here to build yours !
THE CLIFF HOUSE
This crumbling brick ruin has stood overlooking the
ocean since 1895 , and it's been abandoned for most
of that time .
That is ... there were n't any people in it .
Not living breathing ones , anyway .
And now it 's yours
for a song ( well , actually ... it 's completely free , but
you can still sing if you really want to ) .
Click here to build yours !
THE GOTHIC CHAPEL
Here 's your chance to own a crumbling Gothic Chapel ,
said to be badly haunted and shunned by all .
As it 's new
owner , you 'll enjoy not only the wonderfully dreary
atmosphere it evokes , but also the secret
hidden chamber that rests within !
Click here to build yours !
RAVENSBLIGHT MANOR
Own the legend !
A very haunted little house with a most
peculiar history .
Model includes trees and landscaping .
Click here to build yours !
MINI HAUNTED HOUSES
If the larger haunted house models available here at
RavensBlight seem a little too challenging , Fear Not !
Here 's a set of three miniature haunted houses , each
made from easy to assemble pieces , and each with it's
own lawn and trees .
It 's uncertain how many ghosts
are in each , but there seem to be quite a few ...
Click here to build yours !
MINI HAUNTED HOUSES - SET 2
Here 's a second set of miniature haunted
houses , so you can build your own spooky
little village .
Each has it's own lawn and
trees , as well as those mysterious glowing
windows to assure you there are plenty of
ghosts in attendance .
Click here to build yours !
MAIN STREET
Sometimes folks who visit RavensBlight find themselves
oddly reluctant to leave .
So here 's a way to enjoy the
place without even being online !
This model includes both
a moonlit sky and a bright orange sunset backdrop , extra
signs so you can relabel the buildings however you wish ,
and a miniature hearse for traveling around in style .
Click here to build yours !
THE HEARSE CARRIAGE
It gets so tiring carrying bodies to and from the
cemetery .
And it 's always so muddy and damp .
If only you had a stylish horse drawn hearse to
help you out .
But wait ... what 's THIS ?
Why , it
looks like the ideal thing , does n't it ?
Click here to build yours !
THE BATTLE - HEARSE
Troubled by roving crowds of zombies ?
Finding it somewhat
difficult to gather food and supplies without being torn to shreds
by the undead masses ?
Ready to turn the situation around ?
Then perhaps what you need is a Battle - Hearse ...
Click here to build yours !
THE ORIGINAL 13 PIECE HEARSE PLAYSET .
This playset includes a hearse , coffins , headstones ,
a mortician , a handy little coffin dolly , and a diarama
background to display everything .
Click here to build yours !
MAXINE
Folks often see this Plymouth Fury racing down
the road with an eerie red glow filling the interior .
Other times , it 's a green glow or a completely dark
interior .
They say this is due to voodoo practiced
by it 's owner .
And did I mention he 's a ghost ?
Click here to build yours !
THE HAUNTED CAR
Ever wish you could own a charming classic
antique automobile ?
Something rare and unusual ?
Well , if you do n't mind your vehicle choosing
the radio station ( and perhaps your destination )
then this just might be the car for YOU !
Click here to build yours !
THE PHANTOM SEMI
Some folks say this semi is driven by the ghost of a
trucker who died in a horrible wreck years ago .
Others
say it 's driven by some sort of disembodied evil force .
Some even insist there 's no driver at all , and that the
truck itself is alive .
Care to be the new owner ?
Click here to build yours !
THE GHOST TRUCK
You might be wondering whether this rusty old
truck is driven by a ghost , or if the truck itself
is a ghost .
Or perhaps there 's a load of ghosts in
the trailer .
One can never be sure , but there 's a
good chance all three notions are correct .
Click here to build yours !
THE GHOST TRAIN
The problem with ghost trains is that they
seldom seem to arrive predictably and on
time .
And how does one overcome this
bothersome situation , you ask ?
Why , by
owning one 's OWN ghost train , of course .
Click here to get yours !
THE CRIMSON MONARCH
Here 's a model of what may have been the
deadliest fighter plane to ever soar the skies
during World War 1 .
It was piloted by a man
so cruel that his name has been virtually erased
from history .
But his legacy lives on , and
some say he 's still up there somewhere ...
Click here to build yours !
THE GHOST PLANE
Perhaps you 've heard the roar of a single aircraft
engine far off in the distance , just around Midnight .
Could it be the legendary Ghost Plane out there in the
darkness ?
There 's no way to be sure , but here 's a fun
little model to enjoy while you ponder the question .
Click here to build yours !
THE HAUNTED CAROUSEL
This little carousel was abandoned by a carnival that
passed through RavensBlight years ago .
They say it's
haunted , and upon close inspection there does appear
to be something odd about the thing ... it 's subtle and
hard to define , but there 's definately something ...
Click here to build yours !
MICRO -MONSTERS
Does your Ghost House model need a few occupants ?
Does your Battle - Hearse need a zombie to smash ?
Perhaps the mortician from your Hearse Playset just
needs someone to chat with ?
Here are some miniature
monstrosities to solve all the problems listed above .
Click here to build yours !
MICRO -MONSTERS SET 2
Here are several more miniature creatures that
you can add to your Hearse Playset or Ghost
House model , use for board games , or just
place somewhere close at hand in case you
should suddenly find yourself in need of a
1.5 inch tall monstrosity .
Click here to build yours !
THE HUMAN SKULL
Remember those wonderfull days of childhood ?
Remember
playing with your most favorite toy in the whole world , that
battered old skull you found in the attic ?
Well , now you can
relive all those joyous bygone days with this nifty Human
Skull model !
It 's life sized and includes that nice antique
coloration and empty stare you probably remember so fondly .
Click here to build yours !
THE HUMAN SKELETON
Are you interested in the scientific study of human
anatomy ?
Anxious to explore the intricate details of
a complete set of mortal remains ?
Wanting to scare
the crap out of someone ?
Then perhaps you might
enjoy this life sized medically accurate skeleton ...
Click here to build yours !
SHRUNKEN HEADS
If you 're looking for a truly unique decoration ,
few curios are as unusual as a shrunken head .
These odd little trinkets will make an ideal
accent to most any room , and there are three
colors to choose from .
Charming , yes ?
Click here to build yours !
THE GARGOYLE
Have you been searching for a fearsome creature or two
to guard your premises when you 're away ?
You need look
no further !
This trusty gargoyle is ideal for frightening
potential invaders , and you might even grow to enjoy
the companionship of this odd little monstrosity .
Click here to build yours !
THE RAVEN
Could this be the very same raven that gave
poor Edgar Allan
Poe such a terrible time ?
We can't really be certain .
But you may find
yourself haunted by it 's solemn gaze .
And
by the fact that it never seems to move ...
Click here to build yours !
PECULIAR COFFIN BOXES
Sometimes a wooden coffin is n't the best choice ,
especially if you 're worried about the occupant
returning to seek some horrible vengeance .
When
in doubt , it 's usually wise to employ a nice sturdy
metal coffin , just to be on the safe side .
Click here to build yours !
DELUXE COFFIN BOXES
A set of 6 " coffin boxes with a million uses !
Richly detailed with authentic looking wood grain
and satin linings , these coffins are chillingly realistic .
You 'll wonder how you ever lived without them .
Click here to build yours !
COFFIN GIFT BOXES
A creepy little set of 4 " boxes to assemble and fill
with whatever dark little treasures you wish !
There 's
also a tomb that 's large enough to hold any of the
three coffin boxes .
Click here to build yours !
VALENTINES CANDY BOX
It does n't need to be Valentines day for you to
give someone a heart shaped box of chocolates .
Such a gift will be equally appreciated any day
of the year , especially if the box features a nifty
skull , and there are lots of spikes all around it !
Click here to build yours !
HAUNTED TV TRINKET BOXES
These little televisions are n't just fun to look at ,
they 're also fun to fill with all sorts of things !
Candy , paper clips , guitar picks , coffin nails , fangs ,
most anything you have lying around .
Quick and easy
to assemble , about 2.5 inches square by 1 inch deep .
Click here to build yours !
THE MONSTER CONTROL CENTER
Looking for a distinctive desk organizer ?
One that not
only holds small office items but also enables you to
take complete control of a trio of horrible monsters ,
sending them forth to do your bidding at the mere
flip of a switch ?
Then this may interest you ...
Click here to build yours !
THE BOOK SAFE
There are so many uncertainties in life ...
where to hide that revolver , where to keep
those secret documents , where to safely tuck
away that still - beating heart .
You might find
a Book Safe to be a most convenient solution
to all these awkward situations .
Click here to build yours !
POP -UP VAMPIRES
You notice three coffins and there 's a small
golden coin at the base of each one .
What do
you suppose might happen if you were to steal
a coin ?
Would a vampire spring up from the
coffin ?
Nah ... that could n't happen , could it ?
Hmmm ...
Click here to build yours !
TRI CORNERED PIRATE HAT
Here 's a quick easy pirate hat project that resembles
authentic colonial hats from the 1700's .
Skull and
cross bones patches are included to personalize your
new hat ( and give everyone fair warning that they 're
dealing with a PIRATE ) .
Also includes an eye patch !
Click here to build yours !
GOGGLES
It just would n't be proper to create life
from dead tissue , develope horrible toxins ,
or even capture the forces of nature , without
a stylish pair of goggles .
Now you can design
your own pair and rule the world in style !
Click here to build yours !
THE STEEL JAW
Looking for a costume idea that 's simple and
easy to create ?
I might have the perfect thing ...
just lean forward and relax while a bolt this
metal jaw onto your face .
What 's that ?
Pain ?
Well ... fine .
We 'll use a string around the
back of your head instead .
* sigh *
Click here to build yours !
THE FACE PLATE
Who is this menacing harbinger of doom , their face hidden
in rivets and iron ?
Who 's eyes peer darkly from these
soulless eye sockets ?
Who is this living monstrosity ?
Why , It 's YOU ... in your new RavensBlight face plate !
Click here to build yours !
THE ZOMBIE MASK
Now you have the power to transform yourself ( and anyone who
might care to join you ) into a lurching rotting brain - eating zombie !
And you wo n't need any mystical potions , voodoo rituals , or even
radioactive chemicals ... just tape , scissors and glue .
Neat , eh ?
Click here to build yours !
THE VAMPIRE MASK
Now here 's a paper project you can really sink your teeth into ...
the official RavensBlight Vampire Mask !
It features a pleasantly
ghastly greyish blue complexion , pointy ears and a VERY large
set of fangs .
Fits adults or kids , and they 're quick and easy to
assemble .
So print some out and roam the night in style !
Click here to build yours !
THE SKULL MASK
This toyshop just would n't be complete without the Skull Mask !
Inspired by those plastic Halloween masks from the 60's and 70's ,
but this version is large enough for adults as well as kids .
It 's quick
and easy to build with just tape and scissors .
So make a mask and
add some horror to your day ( or someone else 's ) !
Click here to build yours !
THE WEREWOLF MASK
Can mere paper be formed into the frightening
visage of a werewolf ?
Can you transform yourself
into one of these legendary creatures by using such
ordinary things as tape and scissors ?
Click below
to learn the shocking truth ( and get a free mask ) .
Click here to build yours !
MEDIEVAL HELMETS
Ahhh ... nothing like a face - full of rust !
But when your battle armor is n't handy ( or
when you just need a quick easy halloween
mask ) , these helmets are the perfect thing !
Fits kids or adults .
Two models to choose from !
Click here to build yours !
SPOOKY RINGS
A small collection of rings has turned up here in
RavensBlight , and no one has been able to determine
where they came from or who owned them .
So they may
be cursed , hexed or haunted .
They might even open
inter - dimentional rifts ( but I can't gaurantee anything ) .
Click here to build yours !
SPOOKY PENDANTS
More odd jewelry has been discovered here in
RavensBlight .
And as one might expect , these
peculiar pendants may or may not have certain
dimention - altering characteristics .
Enjoy !
Click here to build yours !
SPOOKY BRACELETS & WRISTBANDS
Here 's a nice assortment of bracelets and
wristbands to compliment your collection
of RavensBlight rings and pendants .
They 're
mysterious , inexplicable and always in style .
Click here to build yours !
THE ELECTROSPHERIC RAY GUN
Sometimes all you really need is a ray gun .
There 's just nothing quite like it ... the feel
of warm metal in your hand , the scent of
melting atoms , that tingly sensation as the
radiation works it 's way up your arm ...
Click here to build yours !
THE FLINTLOCK RUBBER BAND GUN
Sure , antique black powder weapons are fun ...
but there 's all that fumbling around getting them
loaded , and so much smoke .
Here 's an alternative :
a flintlock replica that fires rubber bands !
Includes six menacing ghostly targets .
Click here to build yours !
THE SYRINGE
This ominous looking device is sure to bring
a shudder to anyone who notices it sitting
there on it 's stand .
But imagine their surprise
when you lift it up , pull back the plunger ,
slam the needle into your arm and calmly
inject yourself !
Click here to build yours !
THE HAMMER AND STAKES
Vampire hunters rejoice !
Here 's a nice large hammer
and three deadly stakes , ideal for all your vampire
slaying needs .
The stakes are even cord wrapped to
prevent those bothersome splinters that so often take
all the fun out of your eternal quests for vengeance .
Click here to build yours !
THE COLLAPSIBLE STAKE
There are times when it 's difficult to choose the
best course of action .
Should you remain polite or
just grab a stake and shove it through someone's
chest ?
If you happen to decide the stake 's a good
idea , here 's one that wo n't do any permanent harm .
Click here to build yours !
THE VAMPIRE SWORD
How ideal ... short enough for confined spaces , yet
boasting a ' hand and a half ' sized grip , for when every
strike counts .
This sword is sure to make it's way into
your heart ( one way or the other ) .
Includes scabbard
and hanging plaque , in your choice of gold or silver
Click here to build yours !
THE MEDIEVAL BROADSWORD
Sometimes all you really need is a broadsword .
So here 's a traditionally styled medieval sword
in your choice of gold or steel .
The sword is
32 inches long with a 23 inch blade , and comes
complete with a scabbard and hanging plaque .
Click here to build yours !
THE PIRATE CUTLASS
So you 're ready to sail the high seas and lead
a life of daring adventure , eh ?
Then you might
want to consider equiping yourself with a sword .
Here 's one you can assemble and brandish proudly .
Click here to build yours !
THE BATTLE AXE
This ancient weapon was recently unearthed in a field
near RavensBlight .
And it can be yours !
( Not that
anyone 's trying to get rid of it or anything , since it 's
probably not really haunted and may not actually float
around the room when no one 's looking ... )
Click here to build yours !
THE MORNING STAR
Here 's a splendidly decorative item from those
long lost days of yore .
It 's sure to add just the
right touch of medieval charm to any setting .
Of course , you can also wave the thing around
menacingly to keep everyone back a few paces .
Click here to build yours !
THE STEEL TRAP
Afraid some ghoul might steel your coins or
jewelry ?
Concerned that some nightmarish
monster might borrow your car keys and waste
all your gas cruising around town ?
We all have
such problems , but this handy item might help ...
Click here to build yours !
POCKET MONSTERS
Here 's the perfect addition to any shirt or jacket .
A complete set of six ghastly little creatures , all
anxious to dangle from your pocket .
A great
way to show the world you dig monsters !
Click here to build yours !
THE MECHANICAL BAT
Turn the handle and watch the dreadfull vampire bat flap its
wings as it hovers over a crumbling headstone .
This toy will
look quite stylish on your bookshelf or table top .
And the
bat is life sized , with a sixteen inch wingspan !
Now is n't that
just the cutest thing ?
Click here to build yours !
THE 'MOVING SCULPTURE ' ILLUSION
You 've heard of paintings that seem to follow you with their eyes ?
This little guy seems to be turning his ENTIRE HEAD !
It 's a nifty illusion ,
and your friends will be amazed ( ... if not a little creeped out ) .
Click here to build yours !
THE BAND
These three talented musicians are a big hit with
all the kids in RavensBlight , and they 've decided
to go on tour !
So why not invite them into your home
for a concert ?
They 'll play whatever music you enjoy .
And if they find your place comfortable , they might
just sort of hang around indefinitely .
Click here to build yours !
BACKUP MUSICIANS
That skeletal band from RavensBlight has apparently
dug up a few new members !
So now you can enjoy a
full six piece band .
Of course , Sky may insist on
burning incense , and Tony might borrow all your
vinyl albums .
But other than that , they should n't
be any bother .
Charlie taught all the other musicians
how to play , and he promises to keep an eye on them .
Click here to build yours !
THE MONSTERS : SET ONE
Well , well ... what have we here ?
A classic style nosferatu ,
a friendly looking werewolf , and a ... well , ummm ..... a squid .
And they 're just waiting to be your new friends !
Quick and
easy to build , these little monsters are sure to bring a smile .
Click here to build yours !
THE MONSTERS : SET TWO
Since one can never have too many monsters lurking
around , here are three more ghastly little friends to
share your adventures .
There 's Dr. Goodendead and
his Monster , as well as the Countess , who comes
complete with her own set of wings .
Click here to build yours !
THE MONSTERS : SET THREE
Sometimes it 's nice to have a few ancient warriors rattling
around the place , so with that in mind here 's a rather mysterious
armored knight , a particularly ferocious gladiator , and a pirate
who claims he can be trusted ... we 'll have to hope for the best .
Click here to build yours !
THE MONSTERS : SET FOUR
This charming couple has n't let their sudden and
unexpected removal from our earthly existence keep
them from having a great time together .
Lately they 've
been being followed constantly by an ominous skeletal
character in a long black robe , but they 're too busy
enjoying each other 's company to notice .
Click here to build yours !
THE MONSTERS : SET FIVE
Here 's your chance to turn your printer into a zombie
making machine !
These grotesque little fellows are
certain to add a' distinctive ' look to any shelf or desktop .
And you can finally satisfy that secret desire to bring forth
enormous hordes of shambling zombies to terrify the world !
Yay !
Click here to build yours !
THE MONSTERS : SET SIX
If you enjoyed the zombies in Monster Set Five , but
felt somehow saddened at having so few ... cheer up !
Three more have turned up to join your ever growing
zombie horde .
And do n't be worried about having too
many zombies .
After all , what could possibly go wrong ?
Click here to build yours !
THE MONSTERS : SET SEVEN
RavensBlight just would n't be the same without a few
witches sneaking around causing mischief .
And these
three ladies are said to be the most dangerous witches
for miles around .
So why not invite them into your home ?
It 's probably safer than trying to keep them out .
Click here to build yours !
THE MONSTERS : SET EIGHT
Unusual characters , such as these three , are quite
common in RavensBlight .
Here 's a mortician ( with
an unpleasant reputation ) , an innkeeper ( with an
equally unpleasant reputation ) and a scarecrow
( who 's rumored to be alive ) .
Click here to build yours !
ROBOT MINIONS
Having a hard time finding suitable minions ?
Then this fine selection of evil robots should suit
your needs quite nicely .
They 're quick and easy to
assemble , and all of their parts can be interchanged
to create whatever machine best fits your purposes .
Click here to build yours !
THE SPLATTERBOT
A relic from the steam robot era , this little
monster 's ready to obey your every command .
Build your own evil minions and rule the world !
Click here to build yours !
DANCING SKELETON MARIONETTE
Here 's a funky little guy who 's ready to
dance to whatever music you prefer .
Assemble one of these and you'll
never have to dance alone again !
Click here to build yours !
THE SPIDER COLLECTION
Lots of spider collections include black widows .
But how many include a scarlet recluse , a jade
bloodleech or a skull pincher ?
This fine collection
includes all these and more !
Choose your favorites
or display all 24 spiders to show the world you 're
a qualified expert in the field of spiderology .
Click here to build yours !
FLUTTERBATS
If you enjoy the notion of butterfly collecting ,
but always feel a bit let down because there is n't
more danger involved , then perhaps you should
consider collecting a few Flutterbats instead .
They 're not just nocturnal ... they 're carnivorous !
Click here to get yours !
FAMILY PORTRAITS
Here 's a set of four sepia toned portraits ( so
you can show everyone a few of your distant
relatives ) .
A sturdy wooden frame is included
with each portrait so it can be hung on a wall
or stand upright on a shelf or desktop .
Click here to get yours !
DREAM SHREDDERS
If you 've been having bad dreams , or perhaps
fear your visits to RavensBlight might lead to a
few , you need n't worry .
Just hang one of these
mystical Dream Shredders above your bed and
rest easy , knowing any potential nightmares
will be ground into oblivion .
Click here to build yours !
THE FLOATING CANDELABRA
Sometimes even the best spells and metaphysical
incantations fail to make things levitate properly .
Why take chances ?
Here 's a floating candelabra
mobile that adds a mysterious supernatural look
to any room you choose .
Includes your choice
of white , red or black candles .
Click here to build yours !
CANDELABRAS
There are few things more elegant than a
candelabra , no matter where it 's placed ...
on a mantle or desk , library shelf or dining
room table , pipe organ or coffin , laboratory
tray or ... well , I 'm sure you get the idea .
Click here to build yours !
THE BAT MOBILE
RavensBlight townsfolk often remark on the
unusual number of bats inhabiting the area .
In fact , they'd be much obliged if you could
take a few of them off their hands .
These bats
have promised not to bite anyone , so you 're
sure to enjoy having them drifting around .
Click here to build yours !
THE PINHOLE CAMERA
This is a completely functional camera ,
and it creates unique soft focus images
that are unlike anything you 'll get from
an ordinary lens camera .
It 's easy to build
with just a few common household items ,
and it uses ordinary 35 mm film .
Click here to build yours !
THE BALANCING BAT
This little bat is hoping you 'll be charmed enough by
his acrobatic ability to give him a nice safe place to
stay .
He 's currently residing in a dead tree here in
RavensBlight , where he's in constant fear of being
eaten by werewolves .
Click here to build yours !
THE SKULL FLIPPER
Here 's a most peculiar paper toy .
It 's so unusual ,
in fact , that I had to include a video just to explain
what it does .
It 's flat , with only two sides , but it
can be flipped around to reveal a total of six sides .
An astonishing , mind numbing ( pocket sized ) enigma !
Click here to build yours !
THE EYE OF MIDNIGHT
An amazing mysterious fortune telling pendulum .
Really works , especially at night and in candlelight !
Click here to build yours !
THE VAULT OF MYSTERY
When you need wisdom from the great beyond , but
find Quija boards a little too spooky , here 's the perfect
method for trans - dimentional communications !
Just shake
the Vault , pour the Answer Cubes out in front of you ,
and behold the answer to any question you might ask .
Click here to build yours !
THE WITCHBOARD
Since most modern spirit boards are made
by toy companies , would n't it be nifty to
find one that was hand painted , included
bat wings , and was once owned by a witch ?
You 've come to the right place ...
Click here to get yours !
BLOWGUN EMF METER
Your EMF meter suddenly detects a fluctuation .
Glancing up , you see an angry ghost gliding rapidly
towards you .
You have nothing to protect yourself
with except the EMF meter .
Is n't it fortunate that
the meter includes a blowgun ?
Click here to build yours !
THE CATAPULT
Need to destroy a vampire but hesitant to get too
close to it ?
How about using a medieval catapult
to hurl bundles of stakes at it from a distance ?
Here 's a 2 player game with a functional catapult !
Click here to build yours !
MONSTER RING TOSS
Need a fun way to recycle some cardboard ?
Why not build a couple of terrifying inter -
galactic creatures and some super high tech
electrospherical containment rings to keep them
from destroying the world .
Then use the creatures
and rings to play ring toss with your pals !
Click here to build yours !
CLEAVER GOLF
Croquet is always an enjoyable game , but
it 's much more interesting if you use a
cleaver and some eyeballs .
This game includes
two cleavers , two eyeballs , two goal posts ,
and seven elegantly decorated loops , which are
soothing and pleasant to gaze upon , especially
if you 're alarmed by all those rolling eyeballs .
Click here to build yours !
THE EYE CATCHER
Here 's a fun little Cup and Ball game ,
complete with a shiny silver filigree
cup and a nice plump eyeball to catch
in it .
So if you 're idea of a good time
includes eyeballs flying through the air ,
then this game is sure to bring a smile .
Click here to build yours !
TOOTH AND CLAW
Ever wonder which monster is the most dangerous ?
Find out with a quick game of TOOTH AND CLAW !
This game 's quick and easy to build , easy to learn and
lots of fun to play .
Compete as the fearless monster
hunter or as any of the six monsters included .
Click here to build yours !
HEADSTONE TIC TAC TOE
Oh yes , I know how it is ... you just want to play in the
cemetery but they keep throwing you out for moving
the headstones .
Fear not ... here 's a little cemetery
Tic - Tac- Toe game you can enjoy anytime you want .
Click here to build yours !
UNDEAD CHESS
Two nightmarish armies of the Undead have arisen to do battle !
They stand waiting in the frozen moonlight , blades sharp and ready .
This is probably going to be extremely messy ...
Click here to build yours !
SKULL CHECKERS
You did n't mean to scream ... they were just two
gentle looking old men , playing checkers there in
the park ... But then you saw the CHECKERS !!!
Click here to build yours !
GRAVE DIGGER
There 's a vampire hiding somewhere in the cemetery .
Race to see which grave digger will be the first to
find the creature and destroy it .
An eerie little game
that 's easy to build and lots of fun to play !
Click here to build yours !
PHANTOM'S VORTEX
An original board game you wo n't find anywhere else !
You 'll explore an ancient temple , fight off ax - wielding
sentinels , battle skeletal warriors , escape from giant
clawing hands , and might even encounter the dreaded
' things from beyond ' .
Not a bad way to spend an evening ...
Click here to build yours !
MIDNIGHT BANSHEES
Run through the little cemetery , opening tombs
to collect skulls !
But beware of the vampires and
zombies .
( Hidden spinner wheel quarantees you 'll
never know which tomb holds a vampire ! )
Click here to build yours !
THE DICE COLLECTION
Tired of those plain old dice with boring little dots on them ?
Looking for something more imaginative ?
Something with a little
flair ?
You 've come tothe right place !
Here 's an ' instant collection '
that includes SIX SETS of very unique dice .
Click here to build yours !
PUZZLES
Puzzle building is a very relaxing pastime , and
adding that very last piece is always particularly
satisfying .
So here are six simple little puzzles ,
each with 24 pieces .
Or you can cut them into
48 pieces ( your suffering will be legendary ) .
Click here to build yours !
THE HAUNTED HOUSE POP-UP CARD
An unusual envelope arrives .
Inside is a small black
card .
When opened , a miniature ( but highly detailed )
model of a haunted house pops up , along with your
message .
Could your friends withstand the sheer terror
of such an occurance ?
There 's one way to find out ...
Click here to build yours !
GREETING CARDS
Looking for holiday cards that 'll leave a lasting
impression ?
Need chilling yet stylish invitations ?
Here 's a set of 6 greeting cards , all featuring that
special RavensBlight vibe !
Click here to build yours !
NECRONOMICON BOOK COVERS
Make your own Necronomicon Book Covers !
You decide how much ' leather ' to use , and then
choose from three sizes of decorations to customize
ANY book , large or small .
Transform ALL your
books into dreadfull mysterious eldrich tomes !
Click here to build yours !
NECRONOMICON NOTEBOOKS
Three handy volumes !
They include stylish black covers
and cristy parchment pages from some eldritch time and
place .
Perfect for all your necronominote needs .
Click here to build yours !
COMPACT DISC SLEEVES
Here 's a set of six Compact Disc sleeves to protect you're
latest recordings , or wrap all those discs you 've lost the
covers to .
Fits CD or DVD discs , so they 're handy for
protecting your own media as well as making the discs
you give others look a bit more stylish and sophisticated .
Click here to build yours !
COLORING PAGES
Got crayons ?
If so , then you 're all set to bring
this set of three creepy images to life !
There 's
a human skull , a haunted house and a ghost in
a crumbling cemetery .
Color them realistically
or let your imagination run wild .
Click here to get yours !
DOOR SIGNS - SET 1
If you 've grown weary of being interrupted while
trying to enjoy secret rituals , dangerous experiments
or really fun computer games , then perhaps it 's time
to add some warning signs to your chamber door to
discourage others from breaking your concentration .
Click here to get yours !
DOOR SIGNS - SET 2
In case the first set of RavensBlight door signs proved
insufficient to insure your privacy , here 's another batch
of signs you can add to the original set , just to fully
underscore the inherent risks involved in disturbing you .
Click here to get yours !
GHOST LIGHTS
Hey KIDS !
Bothered by Ghosts at night ?
Monster 's in
your closet ?
Relax !
All you need is a Genuine Authentic
GHOST LIGHT !
And GROWN - UPS ...
Bothered by
Ghosts at night ?
Monster 's in your closet ?
Relax !
All you
need is a Genuine Authentic GHOST LIGHT !
Click here to build yours !
DEATH RATTLES
Play along with your favorite music !
Rattle them
to scare away ghosts and monsters !
Or just shake
them because they 're fun to shake !
Choose either
the TRIBAL or the TRADITIONAL style .
Your
own handmade set of haunted maracas ... WHEEE !
Click here to build yours !
THE DELTA KITE
Here 's a mini kite that 's very quick and easy
to assemble , using a plastic bag and a few
bamboo skewers .
It measures 9 by 15 inches ,
so it 's a bit more portable than larger kites .
This kite is very acrobatic , so light winds will
send it swooping and soaring .
It 's like having
a friendly little pet bat to scamper around with .
Click here to build yours !
ODD LITTLE BOXES
There 's just something odd about these peculiar little boxes ...
oddly shaped , vine covered , and of course there 's a spider
inside each of them ( to guard your treasures ) .
About three
inches wide .
Great for all sorts of small things ... jewelry ,
pocket change , fangs ...
Click here to build yours !
THE HIDDEN CEMETERY
A quiet little place to collect your thoughts
or contemplate eternity .
Frolic amongst the
tombstones or just lie back and relax .
Click here to build yours !
MAGIC TRICKS
Any proper toy shop includes a few magic tricks ,
so here are three fun tricks that are easy to learn .
And they wo n't require lots of special props or
supplies .
In fact , if you have a business card ,
a rubber band and a paper clip ... you have your
very own magic kit .
Click here to learn the tricks !
Do you have a great idea for bringing research alive in schools ?
Partnership Grants of up to £ 3,000 are available to UK schools and colleges to carry out investigative STEM research projects in their classrooms in partnership with a STEM professional from academia or industry .
The grants are designed to help schools and colleges purchase equipment to run these projects .
The scheme is open to both primary and secondary schools , including sixth form colleges .
Schools outside of the UK are not eligible to apply .
For 2020 , there has been a new extension to the scheme called Tomorrow ’s climate scientists .
This programme is funding schools who are specifically carrying out research into climate change and biodiversity .
Conservative opponents of the Obama administration are urging supporters to resist the upcoming US census , saying it asks too many questions and reflects increasing government intrusion into private matters .
The census , held every 10 years since 1790 , is becoming a focal point for the growing anti-government movement in the US .
The government will endeavour to count every person living in the US , regardless of legal , immigration or citizenship status .
The count , which helps determine political representation and the distribution of hundreds of billions of dollars in government funds , is mandated by the constitution .
Congresswoman Michele Bachmann , a virulently conservative , anti-Obama Republican from Minnesota , has urged supporters to give only the number of people living in their household , saying nothing more is required by the constitution .
" And I know for my family the only question that we will be answering is how many people are in our home , " she told a newspaper .
" We wo n't be answering any information beyond that , because the constitution does n't require any information beyond that . "
Glenn Beck , a Fox News presenter and one of the loudest voices on the American right , attacked the plan to include undocumented immigrants in the count , and said he too would only answer the question on how many people lived in his household .
" Government in the last couple years has not proven itself to accomplish anything , maintain data properly , get money to districts properly , " Eric Odom , a prominent organiser in the anti-government " tea party " movement , told the Guardian .
" I do n't want them to have my private information and I do n't trust them to get anything right .
If you want to know my name , my age , where I live , you can find that on my website , but to go any further is out of the realm of acceptability . "
Michael Johns , a former speechwriter for George Bush Sr , put conservative mistrust of the census down to fears the Obama administration would inappropriately politicise the operation .
" The tea party movement has legitimate concerns about the integrity of the process , " Johns said in an interview .
This year 's census will ask 10 questions , including name , age , sex , whether the respondent owns or rents a home , and questions about race and ethnicity .
The census form does not ask about immigration status , and the information is confidential .
" This is a census that is being conducted in a period of unusual animosity and hostility toward the government , " said Kenneth Prewitt , professor of public affairs at Columbia University .
" It 's not that people are mad at that census , but when you 're mad at the government you take it out on whatever is handy . "
The census bureau has raised eyebrows by again including " negro " as a racial category ( it lists African - American and black as synonyms ) .
Most black Americans deem the term " negro " to be more archaic than offensive .
The bureau has used the term for decades and opted to include it again after more than 50,000 wrote it in longhand on the 2000 form though it was an official selection .
" Does it have a negative connotation ?
Is it offensive ?
No , " said Darrell Gaskins , associate professor of African - American studies at the University of Maryland .
" But it brings up that feeling of the Jim Crow era , " he said , referring to the long period of official racial segregation in the southern states .
Participation in the census is required by law and to refuse , or to falsify information , is punishable by fines that can range from $ 100 up to $ 500 ( about £ 60 to £ 300 ) , although the law is rarely enforced .
Some Latino groups are urging undocumented immigrants to boycott the census .
The Rev Miguel Rivera , president of the National Coalition of Latino Clergy and Christian Leaders , which represents Latino churches in the US , said undocumented immigrants benefited little from the government funds distributed according to the count and were not represented in the halls of power .
" It is immoral to ask undocumented immigrants to step out of the shadows , count themselves ... then go back to the shadows , " he told the Guardian .
An estimated 12 million illegal immigrants live in the US , distributed throughout the country .
Other Latino political groups have denounced the proposed boycott as counterproductive to Latinos ' goal of greater political representation .
" If we do n't participate we 're not empowering ourselves , " said Lizette Jenness Olmos , of the League of United Latin American Citizens .
• This article was amended on 1 February 2010 .
In the original , potential census fines were said to range up to $ 5,000 .
This has been corrected .
Many of you have seen double egg yolks , but what about a double banana ?
Telegraph reports about a man who found a double banana at his local supermarket ( slow news day , perhaps ) .
I had never seen one before , and I 've eaten many bananas in my life , but a search for " double banana " on Flickr came up with lots of results .
Have you ever seen a double banana ?
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Here ’s something you probably do n’t know , but really should – especially if you ’re a programmer , and especially especially if you ’re using Intel ’s compiler .
It ’s a fact that ’s not widely known , but Intel ’s compiler deliberately and knowingly cripples performance for non-Intel ( AMD / VIA ) processors .
Agner Fog details this particularly nasty examples of Intel ’s anticompetitive practices quite well .
Intel ’s compiler can produce different versions of pieces of code , with each version being optimised for a specific processor and / or instruction set ( SSE2 , SSE3 , etc. ) .
The system detects which CPU it ’s running on and chooses the optimal code path accordingly ; the CPU dispatcher , as it ’s called .
“ However , the Intel CPU dispatcher does not only check which instruction set is supported by the CPU , it also checks the vendor ID string , ” Fog details , “ If the vendor string says ‘ GenuineIntel ’ then it uses the optimal code path .
If the CPU is not from Intel then , in most cases , it will run the slowest possible version of the code , even if the CPU is fully compatible with a better version . ”
It turns out that while this is known behaviour , few users of the Intel compiler actually seem to know about it .
Intel does not advertise the compiler as being Intel - specific , so the company has no excuse for deliberately crippling performance on non-Intel machines .
“ Many software developers think that the compiler is compatible with AMD processors , and in fact it is , but unbeknownst to the programmer it puts in a biased CPU dispatcher that chooses an inferior code path whenever it is running on a non-Intel processor , ” Fog writes , “ If programmers knew this fact they would probably use another compiler .
Who wants to sell a piece of software that does n’t work well on AMD processors ? ”
In fact , Fog points out that even benchmarking programs are affected by this , up to a point where benchmark results can differ greatly depending on how a processor identifies itself .
Ars found out that by changing the CPUID of a VIA Nano processor to AuthenticAMD you could increase performance in PCMark 2005 ’s memory subsystem test by 10 % – changing it to GenuineIntel yields a 47.4 % performance improvement !
There ’s more on that here [ print version – the regular one wo n’t load for me ] .
In other words , this is a very serious problem .
Luckily , though , it appears that the recent antitrust settlement between AMD and Intel will solve this problem for at least AMD users , as the agreement specifically states that Intel must fix its compiler , meaning they ’ll have to fix their CPU dispatcher .
The Federal Trade Commission is investigating Intel too , and it is also seeking a resolution of the compiler issue , but the FTC takes it all a step further than the Intel - AMD settlement .
Since the latter only covers AMD , VIA could still be in trouble .
Consequently , the FTC asks that Intel do a lot more than what ’s described in the AMD settlement :
Requiring that , with respect to those Intel customers that purchased from Intel a software compiler that had or has the design or effect of impairing the actual or apparent performance of microprocessors not manufactured by Intel ( “ Defective Compiler ” ) , as described in the Complaint : Intel provide them , at no additional charge , a substitute compiler that is not a Defective Compiler ; Intel compensate them for the cost of recompiling the software they had compiled on the Defective Compiler and of substituting , and distributing to their own customers , the recompiled software for software compiled on a Defective Compiler ; and Intel give public notice and warning , in a manner likely to be communicated to persons that have purchased software compiled on Defective Compilers purchased from Intel , of the possible need to replace that software .
Fog also offers up a number of workarounds , such as using GNU GCC , whose optimisations are similar to that of Intel ’s compiler , “ but the Gnu function library ( glibc ) is inferior ” .
You can also patch Intel ’s CPU dispatcher – Fog even provides a patch to do so in “ Optimizing software in C++ : An optimization guide for Windows , Linux and Mac platforms “ .
This is a particularly nasty kind of anticompetitive practice , as it really requires deep knowledge of matters in order to find it out .
God knows how many benchmarks have been skewed in favour of Intel simply because people unknowingly used Intel ’s compiler in good faith .
Intel ’s compiler is seen as the cream of the crop and delivers superior performance , but apparently only if you stick to GenuineIntel .
Iran : Arrest of 19 Activists from the Women 's Movement , Women Journalists and Civil Activists
Source : Feminist School , Tehran
01/14/10
During the past few days after the incidents of Ashura , large number of activists such as Mansoureh Shojaee , Zohreh Tanekaboni , Badarolssadat Mofid , Mahin Fahimi , Leyla Tavassoli , Noushin Ebadi , Nasrin Vaziri , Nilofar Hashemi Azar , Atiyeh Yousefi ( was released ) , Bahareh Hedayat , Nafiseh Asghari , Maryam Ziya , Mahsa Hekmat , Parisa Kakayi , Forough Mirzayie , Sara Tavsoli , Parvaneh Rad , Zoya Hassani , Negin Derakhshan and many others have been arrested .
Women activists who were arrested before the Ashura are Shiva Nazarahari , Azar Mansouri , Somayeh Rashidi , Zahra Jabari , Kobra Zaghe Doust , Atefeh Nabavi , Shabnam Madadzadeh , Mahdiyeh Golrou are still in prison .
Mansoureh Shojaee women rights activist arrested
Mansoureh Shojaee a scholar , translator and one of the founder members of campaign for one million signatures was arrested at midnight of December 28th 2009 from her home .
Nasrin Sotoudeh who represents Mansoureh Shojaee states : " The security forces entered Mansourh Shojaee 's home at 11 o'clock and whilst she was not there , they searched the house and waited till 3 in the morning , when she arrived home and then she was arrested and they did not say where they were taking her " Mansoureh Shojaee has not been allowed to leave the country for the last 3 years .
Arrest of Badrosadat Mofid : Long serving journalist
Badrosaddat Mofidi , the secratery of Journalism society , were arrested with her husband Masoud Aghayi on December 29th 2009 in their home .
Nilofar hashemi Azar : Architect at Tehran University arrested on the day of Ashoura
Nilofar Hashemi Azar with her mother Shaharzad Nasiri arrested from the Jamalzadeh Street .
Even though Shaharzad Nasiri was allowed bail but Nilofar is still in detention .
The day of the Ashoura saw heavy casualties and 8 dead as a result of street fighting between the people and security forces .
Nasrin Vaziri arrested
Nasrin 's family visits to the court to find out on the whereabouts have been unsuccessful as Nasrin 's name is not in any of the list of detainees issued by the court .
They have been told as the arrest has not been issued by the court that would mean that Nasrin has been arrested by unknown security forces .
Mahin Fahimi member of the Mother for Peace was arrested
According to reports , they security forces entered Mahin Fahimi's home and arrested her and son and Ardavan Tarakameh .
Mahin 's daughter elaborates " the security forces entered my mothers home at 11 o'clock in the evning and as her guests complained and asked for the warrant and one member of the security forces Mr Salehi stated that Mahin has been under investigation before and started writing her warrant , the security forces remain in my mother 's home till 4 am and arrest all the guests .
The next morning my brother went to find out the whereabouts of mother and guests but unfortunately he was arrested too . ''
Arrest of Zahra Tonakaboni member of mother 's for peace
Zahrah 's family after making enquiries are aware of her imprisonment and whereabouts .
Mother 's for Peace are a group of mothers that have been campaigning in the frame work of the law for many years .
Statement issued by Mother 's for peace " Zahra Tonkaboni lost her husband when she was young and has been a serving member of the education ministry and is also suffering from dualities as well the loss of her sister and her child . ''
Leyla Tavasoli arrested
Daughter of Mahmood Tavasoli and niece of Ebrahim Yazdi , one of the longest service members of Nehzate Azadi , has been arrested .
Leyla is 27 years old and has no record of political activism and no record of membership in any political organization .
Noushin Ebadi : sister of Shirin Ebadi
Noushin Ebadi a lecturer at Open University was arrested from her home and transferred to prison .
Shirin Ebadi stated that her sister Dr Noushin Ebadi has been arrested and she has no news of her , also that she has no record of political activism or member of any organization .
Atiyeh Yousefi arrested in Rasht and then released on January 12th
Atiyeh a member of campaign for one million signatures and an activist of progressive ( religio - nationalist forces ) Atiyeh Yousefi and Mazyar Shokoori from Nehzate Azadi were arrested and transferred to the central prison of Rasht .
- She was released on bail in the amount of $ 20'000 on January 12th .
Nafiseh Asghari arrested
Nafise a student in chemistry at Sharif University was to report to the interior ministry and since then there is no news of her or her whereabouts .
Bahare Hedayat
Member of the student participation central council has been arrested .
Amin Ahmadeyan , Bahare 's husband has stated that : '' the security forces entered our house with an arrest warrant and took my wife and her personal belongings such as books and her computer . ''
Bahareh is imprisoned with 2 other students Mehdi Arabshahi , Millad Asadi .
Maryam Ziya women and child protection activist
Maryam Zia was arrested from her home .
When the security forces entered her home , she was not in so they made her children to contact her and ask her to come home and when she did she was arrested .
No news from her or her whereabouts .
Parisa Kakayi arrested
Parisa Kakaee , member of the Committee for Human Rights Reporters , was arrested on January 1 , after responding to a telephone summons and appearing at the office of the Intelligence Ministry .
Currently seven members of the Committee are being detained in Ward 209 of Evin prison , and other members have been threatened and summoned .
Mahsa Hekmat arrested
Mahsa Hekmat , journalist in Etemad Newspapar was arrested after Ashura
Forough and Rouzbeh Karimi were arrested
Forough and Roozbeh Karimi a husband and wife arrested , both are members of human right activist and Forough Mirzayi is also a solicitor .
Sara Tavasoli arrested
Sarah is Leylas sister who is also arrested .
Sara is the daughter of Mohamad Tavosoli member of Nehzate Azadi , 2 other members Amir Khoram and Mohsen Mohagheghi are arrested too .
Parvane Rad
Another detainee from the Ashoura Day , Parvane was allowed to call her family from prison after 7 days .
Zoya Hasani
Member of the reformist participation front was arrested from her home .
Negin Derakhshan
Negin Derakhshan a journalist Arrested : during the government organised demonstration , by Basijis from her office .
14 members of the bereaved mothers have been arrested and transferred to Evin prison after some days they were all released .
Translated by : Sahar Mofakham
Today ’s announcement that Sarah Palin will become a contributor to Fox News Channel is the next step in the logical progression of her career .
The success of her recently released autobiography as well as the media ’s breathless reporting on her statements and Facebook musings have made her one of the nation ’s top news voices and a force to be reckoned with .
While Ms. Palin will probably never be president , it ’s clear that many of her critics have underestimated her ability to tap into the grievances and discontent of large social and geographic blocs in the country .
Palin ’s appeal no longer straddles simple political lines , but broader cultural ones :
This is because she is no longer a politician but a pop culture icon and a celebrity .
She has transcended politics , opening new career doors .
Let ’s examine the Fox News deal from Palin ’s perspective .
Palin is a true , Hollywood - type celebrity with a bestselling book and millions of adoring fans .
She may have designs on the presidency , but she evidently wants to soak up the perks and adulation of her celebrity first , and she has done that with gusto .
Palin ’s resignation as governor of Alaska last summer was abrupt and unusual , but seen through the lens of celebrity , it is understandable .
The isolated confines of Juneau were too small for Palin when she returned following the presidential election .
She could not go home again .
But Palin ’s strident , conservative manner , her deep Republican stripes , and her penchant for publicity make her a superb fit for television and a natural fit for Fox News .
This is not a novel idea , but in light of Palin ’s lasting hold on the national stage , it appears a match perfectly suited to both parties commercially and ideologically .
A regular slot on Fox News would be an immediate sensation and it would expand Palin ’s imprint on the national stage , giving her a place to build and shape her public persona .
Palin ’s aggressive partisanship would n’t work for network television , nor CNN or left - leaning MSNBC .
That leaves Fox , which , as America ’s most popular cable news channel , provides the best platform for Palin to cement the adoration of her most fervent supporters among Fox ’s viewer base as well as keep her relevant .
She could easily be paid millions there to do what she does best : delighting Republicans and infuriating Democrats .
She could also use the new job to strengthen her public conversational and oratorical skills .
And therein lies why Fox News Channel is bringing on Palin .
Her star power would be an immediate ratings bonanza .
The reasons for a Palin - Fox marriage can be traced to how Fox and its leadership in the form of the News Channel president Roger Ailes thinks .
Mr. Ailes , a brilliant former Republican operative , has infused a Republican viewpoint into the channel ’s programming , as evidenced by its lineup of Bill O’Reilly , Glenn Beck , Sean Hannity , and even Palin ’s potential presidential rival Mike Huckabee , who hosts a low - profile weekend show .
“ Governor Palin has captivated everyone on both sides of the political spectrum and we are excited to add her dynamic voice to the Fox News lineup , ” said Bill Shine , executive vice president of programming .
Another reason this is such a great fit for both Palin and Fox ?
Both appear to enjoy upsetting and besting Democrats .
Officially , of course , they both claim otherwise : “ It ’s wonderful to be part of a place that so values fair and balanced news , ” Palin said in a written release .
At Fox , Palin could sit in a comfy studio in stylish clothing , holding court before America and dispensing sharp political observations and nuggets of stinging disdain for Democratic initiatives .
No other major guests or political pundits would be necessary ; Palin would be the unquestioned star .
In fact , this announced hiring could merely be a test run for giving Palin her own prime - time show .
Fox could call the program “ Sarah ! ” and slot it at 6:30 p.m. opposite the ABC , CBS , and NBC nightly news programs .
No doubt “ Sarah ! ” would get higher ratings than the big three , at least initially .
For a one - time insurgent channel that was birthed to provide a counterweight to perceived liberal media bias , the show would be the ultimate insult to the so - called elite media and its adherents , a delicious prospect to Ailes .
General chatter about Palin ’s political future misses the point .
Just as David Beckham , Shaquille O’Neal , and others – athletes who arguably became more enamored of celebrity than the sports they played – Palin now seems more interested in being a star than a politician .
Being a cable figure would allow her to continue this and solidify her conservative credentials to run for president down the road .
Sarah Palin and prime - time television ?
It makes total sense .
Mark Greenbaum is an attorney and freelance writer in Washington .
--
Did this essay make you think ?
Add to the conversation on Facebook !
Earlier this week , I told you about an open letter for writers in support of a treaty that would ensure that blind and disabled people all over the world would have legal protection when they converted books and other written matter to accessible format .
You 'd think this would be a slam - dunk at the United Nations ' World Intellectual Property Organization .
Who could oppose non-profit blind / disabled groups helping disabled people get access to written work ?
Well ,
The US Chamber of Commerce , the MPAA and the RIAA , that 's who .
All three organizations have urged the US trade delegation to oppose the treaty , because they fear it might set a precedent that users have rights to copyrighted works .
But that prospect does n't sit well with American business .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce , the nation 's largest lobby representing 3 million businesses , argues that the plan being proposed by Brazil , Ecuador and Paraguay , " raises a number of serious concerns , " ( .pdf ) chief among them the specter that the treaty would spawn a rash of internet book piracy .
The treaty also creates a bad precedent by loosening copyright restrictions , instead of tightening them as every previous copyright treaty has done , said Brad Huther , a chamber director .
Huther concluded in a Dec. 2 letter to the U.S. Copyright office that the international community " should not engage in pursuing a copyright - exemption based paradigm . "
Echoing that concern , the Motion Picture Association of America and the Recording Industry of America told the Copyright Office last month that such a treaty would " begin to dismantle the existing global treaty structure of copyright law , through the adoption of an international instrument at odds with existing , longstanding and well - settled norms . "
Copyright Owners Fight Plan to Release E-Books for the Blind
Die neverending Story „ Freies WLAN in Berlin “ soll wohl kommende Woche in der Senatssitzung endgültig beerdigt werden .
Nach Angaben der Morgenpost Online konnten sich die Senatsverwaltungen für Stadtentwicklung und Wirtschaft nicht auf ein gemeinsames Konzept einigen .
Das ist keine Neuigkeit , aber nun gibt es wohl eine Senatsvorlage der Wirtschaftsverwaltung für die kommende Sitzung am 12 .
Januar :
„ Der Senat beschließt , die Durchführung eines Wettbewerbsverfahrens zur Errichtung eines privat finanzierten und betriebenen öffentlich zugänglichen WLAN im Berliner Innenstadtbereich unter exklusiver Nutzung der öffentlichen Verkehrsanlagen ( Lichtmasten der Straßenbeleuchtung und Lichtsignalanlagen ) nicht weiter zu verfolgen . “
Interessant ist mittlerweile die politische Konstellation in Berlin , nachdem sich auch die CDU mittlerweile als Befürworter eines kommunalen WLAN - Netzes zu Wort meldet .
Die war jahrelang still gewesen .
Nur von der FDP hab ich bisher keine Stimme zum Thema vernommen .
Bleiben aber vier von fünf Parteien , die allesamt WLAN für Berlin fordern .
Und der Senat scheitert an diesem Vorhaben .
Vielleicht spielt da auch ein kleiner Partei - Streit in der Koalition ein Jahr vor der nächsten Berliner Wahl eine Rolle .
Die Senatsverwaltung für Stadtentwicklung ist in SPD - Hand , während die Senatsverwaltung für Wirtschaft ( usw ) von Die Linke geführt wird .
Etwas überrascht es doch , dass der SPD - Teil die Pläne verhindert , hatte sich die SPD mit dem Thema vor zwei Jahren doch ganz modern zeigen wollen .
Nun wird das Thema vermutlich beerdigt , was schade ist .
Allerdings haben wir die Bemühungen für das Festhalten an einem „ privat finanzierten und betriebenen WLAN “ immer kritisch begleitet .
Nun gibt es zwei Möglichkeiten : Endlich über eine kommunale WLAN - Versorgung nachdenken und ein echtes freies WLAN schaffen .
Aber es bieten sich auch Chancen für freie Funknetze .
Der Senat sollte sich nun bemühen , die Entwicklung und den Ausbau der vielfältigen freien Funknetze in Berlin zu fördern .
Do n’t let the new year and that crisp blanket of white covering Blighty lull you into thinking you ’ve got a fresh start , readers .
Some things have continuity , some things linger and refuse to die .
Things like Rock , Paper , Shotgunity , the game we ’re making using the freely available Unity development suite .
Get back into the groove with Build 05 after the cut .
As I mentioned before Christmas we ’re now entering the second phase of the Shotgunity project .
With all the major technical insides working ( to one degree or another ) we can begin to add some real content .
Here ’s where we bulk out the frame .
For example Schmung ’s excellent 12 - gauge shottie has replaced my original boxy monstrosity and allegedly arms to hold it are n’t far behind …
But it ’s occurred to me that this second phase might not make the most interesting reading for those not actually getting involved in the dirty business of making Shotgunity , so this month I ’m going to try and bring some points of Unity - based interest which have caught my eye to you as well as the weekly build reports .
For example anyone who ’s been following the project but has yet to dabble with Unity itself will find these vids render any excuse they have for not doing so redundant .
They ’re a really gentle intro to the tools , easing you into the process so that after only a 20 mins or so you ’ll have your own basic 2D shooter up and running from scratch , having understood all the steps that got you there and with no prior knowledge needed .
It ’s a great demonstration of how simple the tools are to use .
At the other end of the spectrum this face tracking system for Unity got my geek glands going and justgoes to show how useful Unity can be as a prototyping platform .
By tracking face movement with a webcam the author of this vid has created the illusion of real 3D depth inside the screen .
Now , couple that with the iPhone ( a platform to which Unity has taken like a duck to water ) and it ’s not much of a leap to see a dozen profitable ‘ iPhone toy ’ applications .
I mean , look how successful that virtual beer app was , imagine a virtual fish tank which had real / depth / …
( I ’m copyrighting that btw !
– Canny Business Ed )
But back to Build 05 of Shotgunity .
Despite the fact that NONE OF YOU have made a better logo yet ( I mean come on … ) some efforts are being made by the Forumites to make the game more presentable .
We ’ve got a funky new musical score – ok , one track – for Gillenopolis ( remember we ’re going for a tutorial level and then four Hivemind - themed levels , Gillenopolis , Walker - World , JimSpace and , er… Alec Moor… probably ) beautifully written , performed and produced by AndrewC .
And while we ’re on a musical note it ’s worth mentioning that I got a Stylophone for Christmas which I intend to use without mercy for the production of in - game sounds ( the first of which appears for weapon respawns in the slightly improved tutorial level … buzztastic ! )
Obviously , for the sake of harmony , from now on I ’m demanding that all sound effects be made Stylophonically .
But if you do n’t have one you could always use this .
Do n’t laugh !
Bowie used one Space Oddity you know …
Welcome .
Here is a proof of concept in what I 'm calling NAT Pinning ( " hacking gibsons " was already taken ) .
The idea is an attacker lures a victim to a web page .
The web page forces the user 's router or firewall , unbeknownst to them , to port forward any port number back to the user 's machine .
If the user had FTP / ssh /etc open but it was blocked from the router , it can now be forwarded for anyone to access ( read : attack ) from the outside world .
No XSS or CSRF required .
My method works like this :
1 . Attacker lures victim to a URL by convincing them that there are pictures of cute kittens on the page .
2. Victim clicks on URL and opens the page .
3 . The page has a hidden form connecting to http://attacker.com:6667 ( IRC port ) .
4 . The client ( victim ) submits the form without knowing .
An HTTP connection is created to the ( fake ) IRC server .
5 . The fake IRC server , run by the attacker , simply listens , unlike me according to former girlfriends .
6 . The form also has a hidden value that sends : " PRIVMSG samy :\1DCC CHAT samy [ ip in decimal ] [ port ] \1
"
7 . Your router , doing you a favor , sees an " IRC connection " ( even though your client is speaking in HTTP ) and an attempt at a " DCC chat " .
DCC chats require opening a local port on the client for the remote chatter to connect back to you .
8 . Since the router is blocking all inbound connections , it decides to forward any traffic to the port in the " DCC chat " back to you to allow NAT traversal for the friendly attacker to connect back and " chat " with you .
However , the attacker specified the port to be , for example , port 21 ( FTP ) .
The router port forwards 21 back to the victim 's internal system .
The attacker now has a clear route to connect to the victim on port 21 and launch an attack , downloading the victim 's highly classified cute kitten pictures .
Want to test ?
After you click the button below , try telnet 176.9.113.70 [ port ] on a system that is not on your network .
Many writers have been penning top 10 lists of one kind or another recently , either reviewing the last decade or looking forward to the next one .
Among them , U2 frontman Bono has published his next - decade wish list , including a desire for the Internet to be policed for copyright infringement .
“ A decade ’s worth of music file - sharing and swiping has made clear that the people it hurts are the creators — in this case , the young , fledgling songwriters who ca n’t live off ticket and T - shirt sales like the least sympathetic among us , ” writes the Irish rock star , listing his top 10 desires for the next decade .
It might not come as a surprise to most people , but Bono ’s wish is a little out of touch with reality .
By mimicking the words of the record label bosses high up the food chain of the music industry , he fails to see where the real problem lies .
Over the last ten years the RIAA mounted the most aggressive anti-piracy campaign against file - sharers seen anywhere , collecting millions in settlements from thousands of households .
The songwriters did n’t benefit much from that .
The RIAA also collected as much as $ 400 m from settlements from the likes of Napster , KaZaA and Bolt .
That money was supposed to go to the artists whose rights had been allegedly infringed upon , but the labels were n’t that keen to hand any of that over either , even when faced with the threat of lawsuits from the artists themselves .
The major labels , Warner , Sony , EMI and Universal , are currently being sued by another group of artists over sales of compilation albums featuring their music for which they have n’t been given a cent .
The money they ’re owed collectively is a staggering $ 6 billion .
Looks like the ‘ little guy ’ is in trouble without the assistance of file - sharing .
While one set of corporates ripping off musicians does n’t get a mention in Bono ’s top 10 , other supposed evil - doers do .
Singing from the same sheet as his paymasters at Universal , Bono also takes aim at ISPs , claiming that their “ swollen ” profits “ perfectly mirror ” the lost revenues in the music business .
This “ blaming of the messenger ” will be a continuing theme in the next decade , and one which Bono dwells on for a moment , noting that if it ’s possible to crack down on online child pornography in the US , and China has the ability to suppress online dissent , then it ’s also perfectly possible to track downloads of copyrighted music .
Well , yes , of course it is .
That ’s been perfectly possible for the last decade , but what good does it do ?
The RIAA has largely given up suing individuals and even when countries like France pass fairly draconian legislation to have people removed from the Internet for sharing content , there are plenty of ways around it .
“ The only thing protecting the movie and TV industries from the fate that has befallen music and indeed the newspaper business is the size of the files , ” says Bono .
“ The immutable laws of bandwidth tell us we ’re just a few years away from being able to download an entire season of “ 24 ” in 24 seconds .
Many will expect to get it free . ”
While it ’s true that we are only a couple of years away from being to download huge amounts of data in just a few seconds and that will have an impact on the volumes of movie and TV show downloading , we ca n’t actually watch a full season of “ 24 ” in 24 seconds .
Real - time will suffice , though .
Right at this moment via sites like Watch - Movies - Online , it ’s possible to view the very latest movies instantaneously .
With the new streaming functionality available in the latest beta of uTorrent , the same can be achieved via torrent swarms .
Bono , the future is now .
Suing Internet users does not work and blaming the ISPs will only prove counter - productive .
Monitoring the Internet will prove futile .
The only way to deal with piracy is to compete with it .
As we pointed out in our article covering the most downloaded TV shows of 2009 , there is huge interest in on - demand TV and there are millions of viewers that can potentially bring in millions of dollars in revenue .
The growth in unauthorized downloading of TV shows and other media is a sign that consumers want something currently unavailable through the official channels , and while price is a factor , it is not necessarily all about ‘ free ’ .
Serving the insatiable demand during the next decade at a reasonable price should be the main aim of the media industry , as locking down the Internet will not only suffocate their customers , but also their own business .
That definitely wo n’t help the songwriters .
ID cards ' good for going to bars '
ID cards will be useful for picking up parcels , the government says
Young people should take up identity cards as a " convenient " way of proving their age in nightclubs and bars , a Home Office minister has said .
Meg Hillier said the cards would also make it easier to prove identity at the post office when picking up parcels .
But former shadow home secretary David Davis , for the Tories , said : " This is a far from robust defence of one of their most expensive follies . "
The first cards will be available in Greater Manchester later this month .
Ministers plan to launch the £ 30 biometric ID card nationwide in 2011 or 2012 , but it will not be compulsory .
' Pretty good going '
The government argues it will help combat identity fraud , crime and terrorism .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
The pilot scheme in Greater Manchester starts on 30 November .
Ms Hillier said replacing lost ID cards would be cheaper and quicker than replacing passports , used by many to gain entry to licensed premises .
She told BBC Radio 4's programme : " They are £ 30 , compared with a £ 77.50 passport , which is pretty good going for something which proves identity and allows travel in Europe . "
She added : " Greater Manchester has got among the highest number of young people in a single area across Europe .
" People often take their passports to prove their identity , going to nightclubs and bars and the Passport Service sweeps these up every week .
" For a lot of young people this will save the cost and the hassle of risking losing it , and instead we have got this very convenient credit - sized card .
" I 've got one .
It 's very convenient . "
' Parcel pick - up '
The card is similar in look to a UK driving licence but holds more data , including two fingerprints and a photograph encoded on a chip .
This chip and its unique number in turn links the card to a national identity register which , under current legislation , could hold more information about the identity of the individual .
Ms Hillier said the information would be held on several different databases , each containing different aspects of the holder 's personal information .
PROPOSED TIMETABLE 2008 : Foreign National ID card launched 2009 : UK ID card offered in Greater Manchester 2010 : Scheme extended across NW England June 2010 : Last possible date for general election 2011 - 12 : Nationwide roll - out ?
This would make the system more secure , she added .
Ms Hillier said : " On a day - to - day basis , you could use it to do things like prove who you are at the post office when you pick up a parcel . "
The card can be used as a travel document within Europe , separate to the passport , similar to arrangements between other EU member states .
In June , the Home Office dropped plans to make the ID card compulsory for 200,000 airport workers amid widespread opposition from inside the industry that it would do nothing to improve the security procedures already in place .
This means only some foreign nationals are currently obliged to hold a card .
The Conservatives , Liberal Democrats and civil rights campaigners say ID cards are a waste of money and will not improve national security .
The scheme is said to cost £ 5bn , although the London School of Economics estimates it will cost between £ 10bn and £ 20 bn .
Shadow immigration minister Damian Green said : " I would advise anyone in Manchester not to bother wasting £ 30 on an identity card as a Conservative government would scrap this expensive , intrusive and unworkable scheme .
The Government should n't hoodwink anyone in Manchester that there are benefits to this card . "
Both the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats have said they would abolish ID cards if they win the next election .
UK NATIONAL ID CARD : KEY FEATURES EXPLAINED
1 . Symbol meaning a chip is embedded in the card 2 . ID card number 3 . Citizenship .
Foreign nationals in the UK are being given different cards .
4 . Place of birth 5 . Signature - digitally embedded in the card 6 .
Date of card issue and date it becomes invalid 7 .
Photo taken to biometric standards 8 . Biometric chip holds fingerprint record 9 .
Swipe zone .
Information which can be automatically read by computer
Back to the story
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
January 2010
An Assessment Of The Obama Administration ’s Fulfillment Of ACLU Recommended “ Actions For Restoring America ”
In October 2008 , two weeks before the presidential election , the ACLU released “ Actions for Restoring America , ” a set of detailed recommendations to the new president for concrete steps he should take to restore civil liberties in America .
These recommendations were designed to correct assaults upon American freedoms that were implemented during the previous eight years .
That document – which was furnished to the Obama and McCain campaigns and , after the election , to President‐elect Obama ’s transition team – included recommendations for action on the president ’s first day in office , during his first 100 days , and during his first year .
With the anniversary of President Obama ’s inauguration upon us , it is now possible to assess the administration ’s civil liberties performance during its first year through the prism of its record in fulfilling the ACLU ’s specific recommendations .
Because our recommendations focused on steps that the new president could take on his own , without a vote by Congress , they provide a unique measure of the administration ’s determination to reverse the Bush legacy .
For each recommendation , we simply asked the question , “ did the administration do this or not ? ”
This report does not purport to be a complete analysis of the Obama administration ’s first ‐year record on civil liberties .
The ACLU recognizes that the issues at the top of the nation ’s agenda are constantly changing , and that different issues inevitably carry different weight .
Also , the administration has taken actions – good and bad – that are not reflected in the ACLU ’s list .
For example , while a significant part of how the administration must be judged is in regard to its actions with Congress , our recommendations were limited to executive actions and did not include steps that only Congress could take .
In addition , the administration may be preparing actions in some areas that they have not yet had time to carry out because of delays in the Senate confirmation of staff or other factors .
And finally , in some instances , the assessment of how the administration has performed with regard to some of our recommendations is inevitably somewhat subjective , as some recommendations are inherently complicated and can involve multiple levels of fulfillment .
Nevertheless , this report is a valuable snapshot of the administration ’s performance on the very broad range of issues that the ACLU concerns itself with , many of which reach deep into the government .
These issues have a broad impact on the lives of many Americans , even if some are not the kind that make headlines .
These two charts tell you pretty much all you need to know about the state of the US economy .
They also , unfortunately , provide some clues as to how this movie will end .
First , from John Mauldin , the state of the U.S. government 's finances .
The red line is spending .
The blue line is tax revenue .
Can you imagine if that was your household ?
Second , from Ned Davis , the state of our country 's debts , as measured by debt as a percentage of GDP .
The little peak to the left was the debt mountain we accumulated during the Great Depression , which took a decade to work off .
The , um , bigger peak to the right , is the one we 've accumulated now .
So how will this movie end ?
Well , in the near - term , we can try to borrow more to fill the hole between the red line and the blue line in the chart on the top .
That will postpone the ending and give us a chance to kickstart the economy again .
Of course , every dollar we borrow will also drop down to the chart at the bottom , making the mountain even taller ( unless private - market debt shrinks by an offsetting amount -- this chart includes both government and private debt ) .
If we 're lucky , in the intermediate term , the economy will start growing more rapidly ( blue line turns up ) and the government will be able to ease off on spending ( red line turns down ) , making it so we can borrow less every year .
If that happy trend continues , we 'll eventually only have to deal with the nasty looking chart at the bottom :
The debt mountain .
As to that ...
The accumulation of the debt mountain is what has fueled the impressive GDP growth we 've enjoyed for the past 30 years .
It 's fun borrowing more money , because when you borrow more money , you can spend more money , which is fun !
Of course , in the end , when you 've borrowed as much as you can , you have to start paying some of the money back ( or , at the very least , borrow less each year than you used to ) .
And to pay the money back , you have to start spending less .
So , again , how do you think this movie will end ?
If we 're lucky , it will end gradually , in a long , boring couple of decades in which we gradually get our discipline and competitiveness back and bring our finances under control .
And if we 're not lucky ?
Well , then , the movie will have a more exciting ending .
See Also : We Are So Screwed
Mr. Amiel , a London native whose career went international after he directed the BBC mini-series “ The Singing Detective , ” and Mr. Collee , a Scot who has been a doctor and a novelist as well as a screenwriter , both call themselves atheists .
But Mr. Amiel argued that in casting Mr. Northam , “ an extremely handsome , powerful and charismatic actor , ” as the clergyman , he “ deliberately tried to give religion and the church its due weight and gravitas . ”
He continued , “ Huxley , who far more shares my views on the world , we depicted more in the way that Darwin would have seen him , as irksome , pugnacious and in some ways dangerous . ”
Whether or not movie executives share Mr. Amiel ’s view of “ Creation ” as evenhanded , they did n’t exactly rush to release it in the United States , where Gallup researchers found last year that only 39 percent of those polled accepted evolution as fact .
The movie had its premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival in September , opened in Britain the following month and languished without an American distributor until Newmarket Films , the company that released “ The Passion of the Christ , ” came along and scheduled a Friday opening in New York , Los Angeles and selected cities  just barely making it into the 200th anniversary year commemorating Darwin ’s birth .
Image Credit ... Newmarket Films
Mr. Collee , who had created a Darwinesque character for Mr. Bettany as co-writer of “ Master and Commander : The Far Side of the World , ” got the idea for “ Creation ” from the biography “ Annie ’s Box ” by Randal Keynes .
In the book ( which is being republished under the title “ Creation : The True Story of Charles Darwin ” ) , Mr. Keynes , a Darwin descendant , marshaled family papers , diaries and letters to paint an intimate portrait of Darwin ’s emotional life and his lasting grief over the loss of his daughter Annie .
She died in 1851 at the age of 10 of what was probably tuberculosis .
“ Rather than being drawn in by an account of Darwin ’s adventures on the Beagle or reading about his scientific processes , ” Mr. Collee said , “ you were drawn into his world via his wife and his children . ”
It occurred to him that by making Annie a ghostly presence in Darwin ’s mind , he could tell much of the story in flashback and turn Darwin ’s scientific insights into wondrous tales , fashioned for a child , of encounters with savages in Tierra del Fuego and a baby orangutan at the London zoo .
COPENHAGEN ( Reuters ) - Pledges so far by all nations for curbing greenhouse gases would mean a world temperature rise of 3 degrees Celsius , above many estimates of “ dangerous ” climate change , according to a U.N. document seen on Thursday .
The refinery in the central Croatian town of Sisak is seen on a foggy late autumn morning December 2 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Nikola Solic
The internal U.N. paper , dated December 15 , was leaked to Reuters as climate talks reached a climax in Copenhagen , where about 120 world leaders were gathering to try to agree a global climate pact , including ambitious carbon cuts .
Industrialized nations have set a 2 Celsius warming as the maximum limit to avoid dangerous climate changes including more floods , droughts and rising seas .
The note by the U.N. Climate Change Secretariat said that present pledges were not enough , exceeding safer emissions limits by about 1.9 - 4.2 billion tonnes of greenhouse gases a year by 2020 .
That would result in an “ unsustainable pathway that could lead to ... a temperature rise of about 3 degrees , ” it said .
Further steps were “ possible and necessary , ” it said .
The paper suggested that rich countries may have to cut their emissions by a more ambitious goal than previously thought .
It also assessed emissions curbs announced by countries including China , India and South Africa .
A U.N. panel of climate scientists , the IPCC , recommended in 2007 cuts of 25 - 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2020 to give the world a 50 percent chance of staying below a 2 degrees Celsius temperature rise .
The U.N. paper said rich nations should cut greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent by 2020 versus 1990 levels to stay within 2 degrees .
A safe limit required “ the aggregated emission reductions by Annex 1 Parties ( rich countries ) of at least 30 percent below the base - line ( 1990 ) levels , ” said the paper .
To avoid more than 2 degrees warming developing countries should also “ reduce their emissions by at least 20 percent below business as usual , ” the paper added .
The IPCC suggested developing nations should limit emissions by 15 - 30 percent below current trends by 2020 .
Las Vegas , Nevada ( CNN ) --
Think your TV is pretty slim ?
After seeing LG's new television , you may want to put that flat - screen of yours on a diet .
The South Korean electronics manufacturer unveiled a television Wednesday that is less than 7 millimeters thick .
The product , which is so new it does n't have a name , was brought on stage briefly during an LG press event at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , Nevada .
It looked to be not much thicker than a piece of posterboard .
A spokeswoman said the TV should be available late this year .
Previously , LG 's thinnest TV was 23.3 millimeters thick , or about three times as wide as the new hyper - slim television , said Woo Paik , LG 's chief technology officer .
" This is a brand new product , and it 's very exciting , " Woo said at the event .
Few details on the super - skinny TV were immediately available .
LG announced a number of new television products in its Infinia line , and representatives said most of the company 's TVs this year will be connected to the Internet and to other home devices , a trend the industry calls " connected TV . "
The company emphasized the diversity of its product lines -- from smartphones with projectors to energy - efficient washing machines -- and said 3 - D television will soon be available from LG .
Jan. 6 , 2010  -- ABC
News has obtained an exclusive photo of suicide bomber Humam Muhammed al - Balawi , the Jordanian double agent who killed seven CIA operatives and his Jordanian handler in Afghanistan on December 30 .
Al - Balawi , a 32 - year - old Jordanian doctor , had convinced the Americans that his jihadist postings on the web were only part of his cover identity .
He lured 13 CIA operatives and his handler to a meeting at Camp Chapman , an American forward operating base in Afghanistan , by saying he had just met with al Qaeda number two Ayman al - Zawahiri and had information to share .
The photo comes from a Jordanian identification card , seen below .
Al Balawi was born in Kuwait in 1977 , raised in Jordan and attended medical school in Turkey .
He had been arrested by Jordan 's intelligence agency , the General Intelligence Directorate , more than a year ago .
Believing they had flipped al Balawi and made him a double agent , the Jordanians released him from prison and sent him to Afghanistan to penetrate al Qaeda by pretending to be an aspiring foreign jihadi .
In his early life al - Balawi lived in a refugee camp near Zarqa , Jordan , the same town that spawned infamous insurgent leader Abu Musab al Zarqawi .
Al - Balawi studied medicine in Turkey at the expense of the Jordanian government and was a straight - A student , sources said .
Al - Balawi , who worked at a clinic in a Palestinian refugee camp near Zarqa , was extremely active online and in jihadist chat rooms and was arrested several times by the Jordanian authorities .
The Jordanian intelligence officer who handled al - Balawi , Sharif Ali bin Zeid , was a member of the royal family .
He was buried with a royal funeral that was attended by the king and queen of Jordan .
While the U.S. and Jordan mourned their deaths , a Web site from al - Balawi 's tribe described him today as a hero and said it was the most devastating attack against the CIA in the last 30 years .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
While consumers generally like Netflix ( and its streaming option even more ) , Hollywood studios , currently facing declining DVD sales , have a much frostier attitude toward the popular rental service .
In fact , they have more or less blamed Netflix and cheapo on - site rental service Redbox for the nearly 14 percent decline in DVD sales last year .
Warner Bros. is the first studio to take a stand , according to a report from the Chicago Tribune :
It and Netflix have announced a deal where Warner Bros. movies wo n't be available for rental until 28 days after their release .
Say , Warner Bros. , could you phrase this in a way that does n't make you sound completely greedy ?
" Within the home entertainment category , we 're creating different times at which a product is available at different prices , " said Kevin Tsujihara , Warner Bros . ' home entertainment president .
Advertisement
That 's a " no " then ?
The Trib report states that the studio already limits the availability of its titles to Redbox , which has apparently sparked a court battle .
This Netflix deal avoids anything too messy and theoretically benefits the rental service :
Under the complex renewal terms finally worked out , Netflix agreed to the 28 - day delay in exchange for a more favorable percentage of rental revenue from Warner Bros. discs .
Netflix will use the savings to expand its stock of the studio's DVDs and triple the number of Warner catalog titles it provides through its online streaming option .
Advertisement
Industry analysts have been predicting a war between Netflix and Hollywood for a couple of years now , and this truce may signal how things will progress .
" I 'm mad as hell and I 'm not going to take this anymore " was the anthem in the 1976 film Network .
I 'm going to make this my anthem and do something to take my two cents out of the coffers of the to big to fail bankers we just bailed out who have controlled the financial policies of this country since the Reagan years .
I have for the last several years have tried to buy local , from non-corporate entities , shopping at the chains when it was my last option .
Where I failed to do this though was through my banking .
Well that 's over now .
What has driven me to write this was over Christmas I needed to buy some booze for a party I was giving and I had left my debit card home to try and keep from overspending .
Well since booze is essential for my existence and that of my friends I needed to use my credit card .
I figured that I was close to the limit so before I left work that Friday I made a credit card payment on my Bank AmeriKa Visa from my Bank of AmeriKa debit account for a hundred dollars to avoid the hefty over limit fee the banks charge now .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
This piece was reprinted by OpEdNews with permission or license .
It may not be reproduced in any form without permission or license from the source .
Disaster Capitalism Headed to Haiti - by Stephen Lendman
In her book , " The Shock Doctrine : The Rise of Disaster Capitalism , " Naomi Klein explores the myth of free market democracy , explaining how neoliberalism dominates the world with America its main exponent exploiting security threats , terror attacks , economic meltdowns , competing ideologies , tectonic political or economic shifts , and natural disasters to impose its will everywhere .
As a result , wars are waged , social services cut , public ones privatized , and freedom sacrificed when people are too distracted , cowed or in duress to object .
Disaster capitalism is triumphant everywhere from post -Soviet Russia to post - apartheid South Africa , occupied Iraq and Afghanistan , Honduras before and after the US - instigated coup , post - tsunami Sri Lanka and Aceh , Indonesia , New Orleans post - Katrina , and now heading to Haiti full - throttle after its greatest ever catastrophe .
The same scheme always repeats , exploiting people for profits , the prevailing neoliberal idea that " there is no alternative " so grab all you can .
On Her web site , Klein headlines a " Haiti Disaster Capitalism Alert : Stop Them Before They Shock Again , " then quotes the extremist Heritage Foundation saying :
" In addition to providing immediate humanitarian assistance , the US response to the tragic Haiti earthquake offers opportunities to re-shape Haiti 's long - dysfunctional government and economy as well as to improve the public image of the United States in the region . "
Heritage notes " Things to Remember While Helping Haiti , " itemized briefly below :
-- be bold and decisive ;
-- mobilize US civilian and military capabilities " for short - term rescue and relief and long - term recovery and reform ; "
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Fox sees nothing wrong with this on - screen graphic claiming that 120 % of Americans have an opinion on global warming :
As Jon Stewart said in his takedown of Fox 's claim , " So in attacking scientists for falsifying their data to support their theories on global warming , you 've cited a poll that adds up to 120 % . "
As you may know , Fox recently claimed to have a zero - tolerance policy for errors in on - screen graphics , so by claiming that 120 % is a reasonable polling result , they have managed to avoid implementing their zero - tolerance policy .
We 're still waiting to find out whether Fox is standing by it's false claim that President Obama said TARP would cost $ 2 billion less than originally thought .
As anyone who was actually listening to President Obama knows , he said $ 200 billion .
But what 's $ 198 billion when you 're busy being Fair & Balanced , right ?
For the past 10 years or so , net immigration – the difference between those arriving here and those leaving – has averaged around 160,000 a year .
Over that time , 1.6 million people have been added to our population .
Yet as recently as 15 years ago , ministers and officials were working on the long - term assumption that net immigration would run at about 50,000 a year ( as it had for the 20 years since the landmark 1971 Immigration Act ) before tailing away .
In 1992 , the Government Actuary Department predicted that our population would stabilise at around 62 million in 2016 , by which time there would be zero net immigration .
Its most recent projections now envisage the population rising , if current levels of immigration continue , to 70 million by 2030 ; it is already growing faster that at any time since the 1960s Baby Boom .
佐々木 成朗 教授（大学院情報理工学研究科 基盤理工学専攻、ナノトライボロジー研究センター長）
ナノ世界の摩擦の謎を解き明かし、革新的省エネルギーシステムの実現へ
.- Just days before the release of the new movie “ Agora ” by Spanish director Alejandro Amenabar , civil rights organizations are denouncing the film for promoting hatred of Christians and reinforcing false clichés about the Catholic Church .
The president of the Religious Anti-Defamation Observatory , Antonio Alonso Marcos , has sent an open letter to Amenabar , also know for his pro-euthanasia film “ The Sea Inside , ” denouncing the film ’s anti-Christian bias .
“ The reason for my letter is to make you realize something that you already know but have dismissed as unimportant : your film is going to awaken hatred against Christians in today ’s society .
You present a biased view of the relationship between science and the Church , between faith and reason .
It has been pointed out to you directly and indirectly , and you have used a somewhat vague excuse and looked the other way , ” Marcos wrote .
Marcos reminded Amenabar of the comments made by people who have already seen a private screening of the film and which Amenabar himself echoed during a television interview .
During the interview he said , “ At the end of the film , people sitting near me said Christians are bunch of SOBs . ”
“ This has been and will be the reaction of the public in general , and you know it , ” Marcos said in his letter .
“ Is that what you were looking for ?
To throw manure on an institution that today helps millions of human beings to live and enjoy life to the fullest ? ” he asked the director .
In response to Amenabar ’s statements that the film “ is not against Christians but rather against those who set off bombs and kill in the name of God , that is , against religious fanatics , ” Marcos wondered why the director has not recreated situations like those that take place in the Middle East .
“ Agora , ” which stars Rachel Weisz , is an epic film that recounts the story of Hipatia , a pagan woman who was killed for her political beliefs .
According to some Spanish media , the film has yet to find a distributor in the United States because of its strong anti-Christian bias .
I have been doing timelapses ever since
Sky the company I used to work for got their first Avid machine and were able to speed up footage .
I used to shoot on Betacam SP , shoot one scene for 4o minutes ( which of course pissed off the editor as they have to real time digitize ) and get them to speed it up X number of percent to effective give me a timelapse .
Not the most elegant way , but certainly the only way for me to do it for a number of years .
The advent of tapeless cameras like my Sony F350 , Panasonic HVX200 and PMW EX1 it became far easier to do timelapse .
You could actually record one frame at a time over a prelonged period of time .
So no wasting media , fast ingest time and the ability to truly control your timelapse with things like slow shutter for low light , taking one frame every 10 minutes or more if you wanted to .
Suddenly the creative possibilities of timelapse where at my fingertips !
It was n’t until I started using DSLRs though that the true power of timelapses were at my fingertips .
The ability to create noiseless low light timelapses was very exciting .
It was Tom Lowe from Timescapes.org who got meaddicted to this .
He is the master of DSLR timelapses .
Most fun and rewarding for me are the star night time timelapses like the ones in the middle of my Skywalker Ranch film .
These are mind blowing but take enormous patience .
As each exposure takes about 30 seconds and you need 24 / 25 frames for each second of footage .
That ’s a long wait !
You see with stills timelapses you take loads of photos and then stick them altogether and create a video file .
It ’s actually very easy .
First off you need a camera that can do timelapse .
The Nikon D300/s , D700 , D3/s all have timelapse built in .
The Canon cameras do n’t .
So you need something called an intervalometer .
Different cameras need different ones .
The official Canon one for the 5 Dmkii , 1dmkiV and 7D is the TC - 80N3 but you can also buy some cheap Chinese versions .
Here are links to ones I have used for the cameras I have with me : 5 DmkII , 500D , GF1 .
Get yourself a nice sturdy tripod .
Make sure you are on ground that wo n’t wobble like some pavements / sidewalks , have enough battery power and enough card space .
Ideally shoot RAW if you can but I often shoot JPEGs especially for the epic ones that last all night or longer .
The tricky bit is controlling the exposure because once you start you do n’t want to start changing the settings on the camera or it will look like crap !
Even lighting situations like daytime or nightime are easier as you just stick the camera in manual and away you go .
If you want long exposure longer than 1/30th of a second on the 5 dmkii then take it out of live view mode for video and put it in stills mode .
You can then shoot long exposure timelapses in live view mode .
You can shoot timelapse in live view mode or just normal stills mode .
I like live view mode as it shows me what I am getting but it eats up juice , so if you are doing long ones make sure you have a main power supply for the camera or a battery pack .
Live view mode also means the mirror box is n’t constantly opening and closing and therefore is also quieter .
The GF1 is live view mode only .
Oh one thing … take your camera out of auto focus !
It will screw up your timelapse completely !
Manual focus only !
There is a finite number of clicks your shutter can take on your DSLR , this can vary from camera to camera .
Yes , this will shorten the life of your shutter , but not your camera .
If your shutter does eventually fail on you then it ’s not the end of your camera , it can be fixed .
I have been quoted £ 200 if it needs it , others may quote higher or lower .
Your 7D + 5dmkII shutter should last you well over 200,000 shots .
If you are doing timelapses of something that will have a drastic light change that ’s when it becomes difficult .
Day to night and night to day are tricky as you really need something on auto , the iris , the shutter or the iso .
Aperture Priority means the iris stays as you set it and the camera adjusts the shutter to compensate .
Shutter priority adjusts the iris to compensate whilst keeping the shutter to what you have set it at .
I prefer keeping my ISO locked down at something low to keep the image clean .
Do n’t forget if shooting with a shutter that changes then when it gets dark your photo can take much longer than a second to expose which means you will capture less stills per minute therefore making any timelapse you do shorter in footage duration .
With the intervalometer make sure the frames are set to — as if you try and put a number down then you will get max of 99 frames which is useless !
Also set the interval to what you want between shots , I often make it just 1 second between shots .
The problem we have to deal with is flicker .
This happens in auto mode due to the metering of the camera .
It decides whether to open up the iris , drop the shutter etc to compensate for subtle light changes so frame by frame the exposure changes .
This causes flicker and is a pain .
There are a number of post ways to get rid of this .
Many swear by a PC solution using VirtualDub but as I do n’t have a PC I can not use it .
Other use After Effects to even out exposures very successfully .
I have some plug ins for final cut but they do n’t work that well .
The way I create the video from the stills using my Mac is very easy .
I open up Quicktime Pro 7 , not Quicktime X. Quicktime Pro 7 is hidden in the utilities folder of Snow Leopard .
Open up image sequence .
Make sure photos are all in one folder and then click on first photo in sequence .
You are then asked what frame rate do you want the video to be at .
I selected 25 p as I am shooting 25 p for this documentary .
So I need 25 photos for 1 second of footage .
More if I feel I may need to speed it up later .
Quicktime then creates a massive 5 K file that I then save whole .
You can also export down to ProRes Full HD using crop , but this often creates banding , so I tend to bring in the whole large file into Final Cut and use all the extra information to do things like digital zooms and pans etc without loss of resolution .
This is what I did in the video at the bottom of the post in Dubai .
Digital pans and slow zooms all done because I have all the extra resolution .
You could set everything to auto .
Including ISO .
I did this for my 36 hour timelapse in San Francisco and I had no flicker .
Go figure !
36 hour timelapse on the Canon 7D from Philip Bloom on Vimeo .
I am staying at the Atlantis Palm hotel in Dubai whilst I film the documentary using the Canon 7D on the Royal Family of Dubai , the Al Maktoums who commissioned the film on their history .
I am making this with Talkabout Media and Media Prima .
I am filming about 20 odd talking heads , filming dramatic reconstructions and getting general shots .
I chose the Atlantis as I knew the view looking to the city would be spectacular and it is .
I just need a different room now as am having issues with this one as there is a massive light to the right of my balcony giving me nasty light pollution .
So far , I have n’t got the perfect timelapse .
I am still trying and every night I will keep on trying !
The below timelapse is mostly 5DmkII with 24 - 70 f2.8 , 70-200 f2.8 , TS 24 mm F3.5 lenses and the first and penultimate shots are done on the little cheap GF1 and look great !
Most of them are set to aperture priority but this is n’t working for me .
As you can see in one of them , which flickers badly …
I will keep trying and work out the best way .
I wo n’t give up just yet !
Do share your tips and solutions below !
EDIT : I HAVE FOUND A MAC FCP POST SOLUTION TO FIX MY FLICKER ISSUES AND IT WORKS PERFECTLY .
GENARTS FLICKER REMOVAL .
Unfortunately it ’s only available as part of a large VERY expensive package which I have owned for about 3 years .
Be great if Genarts could make that one plug in available separately .
I will keep on the lookout for cheap alternatives .
Below is the Vimeo “ De- flickered ” version .
Click here to see the original version with the flicker in it .
I am hoping to get permission to film some stuff around the hotel as it will make a beautiful short .
My B - Roll guy is coming here this work whilst I shoot more interviews but I want to shoot more myself with my glidetrack as it will be a lot of fun and will look great …
Room with a view : Dubai Timelapses tests from Atlantis hotel from Philip Bloom on Vimeo .
Smuggled and bootlegged , it has been the cause of transatlantic tensions for more than two decades .
But after 21 years in exile , the haggis is to be allowed back into the United States .
The " great chieftan o' the puddin - race " was one of earliest casualties of the BSE crisis of the 1980s - 90s , banned on health grounds by the US authorities in 1989 because they feared its main ingredient ‑ minced sheep offal ‑ could prove lethal .
Some refined foodies might insist it always has been and always will be : in the words of Robert Burns , in his Ode to a Haggis , looking " down wi ' sneering , scornfu ' view on sic a dinner " .
But now , as millions of Scots around the world prepare to celebrate Burns 's legacy tonight with an elaborate , whisky - fuelled pageant to a boiled bag of sheep innards , oatmeal , suet and pepper , its reputation has been restored , on health grounds at least .
For the past two decades , Americans of Scottish descent ‑ of whom there are at least 6 million ‑ have been forced to celebrate Burns ' night without a true haggis , much to their distress .
There are stories of Scots smuggling in a haggis for their starving cousins , risking deportation in the process .
Others are said to have secretly tried to create homemade , bootleg haggis , desperate to sample that particularly peppery concoction .
Meanwhile , butchers in the US have tried , and failed , to make their own versions of the pudding without using the vital ingredient : sheep .
" It was a silly ban which meant a lot of people have never tasted the real thing , " said Margaret Frost , of the Scottish American Society in Ohio .
" We have had to put up with the US version , which is made from beef and is bloody awful . "
The long - running campaign by Scottish ministers to reverse the ban has been reinvigorated by Alex Salmond , the Scottish National party leader , since he became first minister , privately lobbying US officials during his visits there .
The reverse in policy from the US department of agriculture is now expected by Salmond 's government after the World Organisation for Animal Health decided that sheep lungs no longer carry a risk of contamination by scrapie , a close variant of mad cow disease , or bovine spongiform encephalopathy .
The latest sales figures suggest haggis is more popular now than ever .
Nearly £ 9 m worth were sold in the UK alone last year , the 250th anniversary of Burns ' birth , up by 19 % on 2008 .
Richard Lochhead , the Scottish environment secretary , was delighted .
" I am greatly encouraged to hear that the US authorities are planning a review of the unfair ban on haggis imports , " he said .
" We believe that reversing the ban would deliver a vote of confidence in Scottish producers , and allow American consumers to sample our world - renowned national dish . "
Afghan President Hamid Karzai is pressing for Taliban names to be removed from a United Nations blacklist imposing travel restrictions and asset freezes .
He says his Western allies back his plans for reconciliation with those Taliban members who are not allied with Al Qaeda and who renounce violence .
" [ They should be ] welcome to come back to their country , lay down arms and resume life as citizens of Afghanistan , enjoying the privileges and the rights and the guarantees given by the Afghan constitution , " Mr Karzai said .
He will attend a major conference in London on Thursday at which he hopes to win Western support for his plan to offer money and jobs to cajole Taliban fighters into laying down arms .
Mr Karzai's plan had previously met resistance but he says " there is more willingness that this can be reconsidered " .
He wants to bring low - and mid-level fighters into mainstream society to end the gruelling insurgency .
However the leadership of Islamist insurgent groups active in the battered country remains hostile to negotiations .
The NATO military commander in Afghanistan , US General Stanley McChrystal , has voiced support for negotiating a truce .
" As a soldier , my personal feeling is that there 's been enough fighting , " General McChrystal told Britain 's Financial Times .
" I believe that a political solution to all conflicts is the inevitable outcome , and it's the right outcome . "
Mr Karzai is currently in Istanbul for talks with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , to be followed by a meeting with leaders of his country 's neighbours .
Relations between Kabul and Islamabad became strained as extremists who fled the US - led ouster of Afghanistan 's Taliban regime in late 2001 found a safe haven in Pakistan 's north - western tribal regions .
Afghanistan claims much of its insurgent violence is planned in Pakistan , and has accused its neighbour of not doing enough to curb the militants .
Afghan and US officials suspect Pakistan 's powerful military is sponsoring the Taliban in preparation for when US troops leave , so Islamabad can influence a Taliban government and offset regional superpower India .
Under a plan announced by US President Barack Obama in December , 30,000 US troops will go to Afghanistan this year , on top of more than 70,000 already there .
A US withdrawal will begin in July 2011 .
- AFP
The Soviets were doing it , after all , or were believed to be .
The trickery manual and Melton and Wallace ’s accompanying history usher the reader into the closed loop of ethics of the Cold War , as it was waged in both the covert and overt arenas :
The Reds were a foe so ruthless , they had to be fought ruthlessly .
Techniques of stage magic - developed and taught in secrecy , according to the magicians ’ code , for the sake of entertaining willing audiences - were transferred to the realm of nonconsensual secrecy , to be used on people who were not asking to be fooled .
Former CIA deputy director John McLaughlin writes in a forward to the manual that “ [ a ] s best we know , ” the drink - spiking techniques “ were never actually used . ”
The assurance would be more reassuring if the authors who had recovered the manual , H. Keith Melton and Robert Wallace , had not included their own historical overview of CIA trickery .
In it , they explain that Mulholland ’s writing was part of the secret MKULTRA program , whereby the CIA sought methods and materials “ capable of employment in clandestine operations to control human behavior . ”
And part of MKULTRA did involve dosing unsuspecting subjects with LSD and other drugs .
Or instead of a pin , one could glue a small pill to the back of the matchbook .
And with practice , one could pick the pill off and make it fall at the moment the matches were passing above a drink belonging to the - what was the word ? - “ spectator . ”
Words , too , require a little legerdemain , when the readers are secret agents and the point of the maneuver is to drug or poison someone .
Here is a trick with a pin that also works with a pill .
Foreground , background .
The CIA hired Mulholland to explain techniques of sleight - of - hand and surreptitious signaling so that agents could use them in the field .
His text , which was originally supposed to have been destroyed , has now been recovered , declassified , and reprinted as “ The Official CIA Manual of Trickery and Deception . ”
It deals mostly with basic stagecraft , minus the stage .
If , before you struck a match , Mulholland advises the reader , you had stuck a pin into the back of the matchbook , it would be possible to pull the pin out with the fingernail of the left ring finger , the whole maneuver physically concealed by the matches and psychologically concealed by the broad , open gesture of lighting a match .
Mulholland ’s instructions were written not for stage magicians , but for the covert operatives of the CIA .
At the height of the Cold War - in the era of nuclear missiles and submarines , amid the tangled cloak - and - dagger maneuverings of espionage and counterespionage - the agency was also secretly doing something else .
It was trying to learn to do magic .
“ The instant the performer sees the spectator take a cigarette , cigar , or pipe , he takes the packet of matches from his pocket , tears off one match , and holds packet and match ready to ignite the match , ” the magician John Mulholland wrote in a manual in the 1950s .
“ He does these things openly because what he does can only be looked upon as a friendly and courteous gesture . ”
At the time , so was every other form of deception .
In the superpower struggle for power and influence around the world , the CIA was secretly funding and engineering everything from literary journals to coups and armed rebellions .
It was total warfare , but with creeping breadth in place of nuclear intensity .
Both the ideas and techniques of secret war pervaded the culture - the corrosive belief in hidden conspiracy and the nifty thrill of spycraft itself , the codes and disguises and miniature cameras .
Melton and Wallace have rounded up some of the extreme forms of covert activity .
The Soviets deployed a cyanide - bullet gun concealed in a cigarette pack ; the Americans countered with a “ nondiscernable bioinoculator ” gun shooting tiny poison darts .
A pop-up dummy took the place of an agent diving out of a moving car .
A person was transported in a St. Bernard costume in a crate to a fake veterinary office .
A radio was hidden in an artificial scrotum , to be worn over the real scrotum ; miniature lock - picking tools were packaged in a suppository capsule .
Mulholland ’s actual manual evokes a more understated , but eerier , figure - not a dashing hero with infinite James Bond - ian technology at his disposal , but a gray , anonymous person who “ should be so normal in manner , and his actions so natural , that nothing about him excites suspicion . ”
Beyond a few points of conjuring philosophy - the hand is not quicker than the eye ; “ [ a ] trick to be good must be simple in its basic idea ” - Mulholland focuses on a few tricks for secretly dropping things or picking them up , and on how to do those tricks in an unremarkable manner .
He supplies instructions on making and concealing droppers for liquids , a protocol for handling multiple small items so that one of them ends up in a pocket , and advice on how to put on a stupid face : “ The more facial muscles are relaxed and eyes thrown out of focus , the greater the effect .
Doing these actions to a mild degree merely shows a lack of alertness or disinterest . ”
Today Mulholland ’s account of real - world stagecraft amounts to an etiquette manual for a lost moment of history .
The matchbook trick depends on people smoking and drinking .
There is a survey of the many pockets found in every man ’s suit , and which ones are most natural for casually slipping objects into .
Mulholland dwells on the particular challenges faced by a female agent dumping powder into someone ’s drink with a hollowed - out pencil - when she sketches a map or diagram , as pretext for bringing the loaded pencil into play , a male mark will inevitably try to commandeer the pencil himself to correct her drawing .
Perhaps if she finds an excuse to sketch women ’s clothing , Mulholland allows , “ he will not wish to redraw the sketch . ”
Such finesse is hard to detect in the present - day scandals over the crude and brutal treatment of captives by the CIA .
The agency that came up with this manual - to say nothing of the dog costume , hollowed - out silver dollars , and schemes to put depilatory drug powder in Castro ’s boots to make his beard fall out - is the same agency currently complaining that its employees will be unable to do their jobs if the United States enforces the existing laws against torture .
Agents who would have been willing to stab themselves with a needle laced with shellfish toxin and die anonymously behind enemy lines have given way to people worried about possibly being investigated and prosecuted stateside .
Reading the manual , you wonder :
When did the brave men with a wealth of tricks concealed in their suit pockets become such hapless crybabies ?
Or , on second thought , maybe they just want us to think they ’re hapless crybabies .
Tom Scocca is working on a new book , “ Beijing Welcomes You . ’’
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
The red dot at the center of this image is the first near - Earth asteroid discovered by NASA 's Wide - Field Infrared Survey Explorer , or WISE .
The asteroid appears redder than the rest of the background stars because it is cooler and emits most of its light at longer infrared wavelengths .
In visible light , this space rock is very faint and difficult to see .
NASA 's latest sky - mapping space telescope has found anasteroid never - before - seen from Earth , the first of hundreds of new objects thetelescope is expected to find .
The near - Earth object , designated 2010 AB78 , wasdiscovered by NASA 's Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer , or WISE , on Jan. 12 .
The space rockdoes n't appear to pose any threat to Earth , NASA officials said .
The newfound asteroid is currently about 98 million miles ( 158 million km ) from Earth and has an estimated diameter of 0.6 miles ( 1 km ) .
The rock comes as close to the sun as Earth does , butbecause it circles the sun in an elliptical orbit tilted with respect to the Earth 's orbital plane , the asteroid is n't thought to come near enough to ourplanet to pose a hazard .
Scientists will monitor the asteroid though to makesure it does n't pose an impact threat .
The WISE mission 's software was able to pick out theobject moving against a background of stationary stars .
Researchers confirmedthe object 's identity with the University of Hawaii 's 2.2 - meter visible - lighttelescope near the summit of Mauna Kea .
WISE is expected to find about 100 to 1,000 previouslyundiscovered asteroids in the belt between Mars and Jupiter , as well as hundredsof new near - Earth asteroids during its all - sky survey , which began on Jan. 14 .
A newreport issued last week found that NASA 's efforts at findingnear - Earth asteroids that could potentially pose a threat to Earth are notsufficient .
NASA 's asteroid and near - Earth object experts have saidthat the agency has found about 85 percent of the largest nearby asteroids , ones that are a half - mile ( 1 km ) wide or larger .
But only 15 percent of the 460 - foot wide asteroids near Earth have been discovered and tracked to date , and just 5 percent of nearby space rocks about 164 feet ( 50 meters ) across havebeen found .
WISE will also spot millions of new stars and galaxies asit scans the sky in the infraredwavelengths every 11 seconds as it orbits the Earth .
Thespacecraft launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California in December2009 .
? Video ?
Getting WISE to Brown Dwarfs
? EarthNot Properly Protected from Asteroids
? Images : The Universe in Infrared
Browse > Home Funny / 13 Funny Guidelines on How to survive Animal Attack
13 Funny Guidelines on How to survive Animal Attack
When it comes to nature you have to be aware that it has a bad habit of being harsh to all trespassers .
Trespassers being people moving freely through the habitat that is not quite their own .
This is a wild world where animals are not endangered species .
We have o couple of advices on how to survive in those occasions .
There is only a couple of things you should remember .
Here are 13 wacky guidelines on how to survive animal attack
1. Remember to always look behind you
2. Drive carefully and never open your windows
and whatever you do , do n’t leave your vehicle
sometimes maybe you should leave your vehicle
3 . They might look cute , but believe me , they are not
4.Climb on tree ( and fast )
5. Run fast
6. Run faster
7 . Use helpful objects from your surrounding
10 .
Do n’t take photos with alligators
11 . Know that your pet might turn against you
12 . Kangaroos are fierce boxers , so avoid Australia
13 .
And please , do n’t panic
Right - wing commentators point a finger at Obama , draw parallel to White House - Fox News battle
A Justice Department subpoena requesting all available information on all visitors to an independent news site is raising serious privacy concerns , and questions about how much information the US government is storing about its citizens ’ news reading habits .
Privacy watchdog Electronic Frontier Foundation has released an extensive report on a “ bogus ” attempt by a US attorney in Indiana to get Indymedia.us , an independent left - leaning news site , to hand over all the data it had about all the users who visited the site on a particular day .
ADVERTISEMENT
Further adding to civil libertarians ’ and privacy watchdogs ’ concerns is the fact that the Justice Department ordered Indymedia to keep silent about the request .
“ This overbroad demand for internet records not only violated federal privacy law but also violated [ Indymedia ’s ]
First Amendment rights , by ordering [ it ] not to disclose the existence of the subpoena without a US attorney ’s permission , ” the EFF ’s Kevin Bankston wrote .
And while Indymedia is an unabashedly left - wing news site , advocating causes such as gay rights and anti-globalization , some of the site ’s defenders in the wake of the subpoena controversy are right - wing pundits who are drawing a parallel between the Indymedia case and the war of words between the White House and Fox News .
Fox News host Glenn Beck sent out a Twitter message on Tuesday drawing attention to the Indymedia story .
Though the Tweet was non-committal — “ Interesting times we live in .
Ca n’t wait to see what this story is about . ” — it did raise the unusual prospect of a prominent right - wing commentator championing the rights of a left - wing news site .
“ Beck claims to be a libertarian , so it ’s no surprise that his hackles might be raised by this case , ” writes Robert Quigley at the Mediaite blog .
“ But more broadly , it ’s understandable why this could alarm the right - wing media and its consumers .
They already have a sense that the Obama administration is out for their heads ( cf. the Fox News feud with the White House ) . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Quigley argued that Indymedia ’s outspokenness , rather than its political leanings , could have made the news site a target .
“ You do n’t have to be a ‘ wingnut ’ to be concerned about the government trying to ferret out the entire readership of a publication and then bar anyone from talking about it , ” he wrote .
According to the EFF , Indymedia received a request ( PDF ) in January for the IP addresses of everyone who visited the Indymedia site on June 25 , 2008 .
But the request went further than simply asking for the computer addresses of visitors — the subpoena ordered Indymedia to turn over all identifying information it may have about visitors , including their addresses , email addresses , bank account numbers and social security numbers .
However , as EFF points out , most Web sites do n’t collect that sort of data from typical visitors .
And in the case of Indymedia , their records of visitors ’ IP addresses are stored only for a short time .
So when Indymedia — now represented by the EFF — challenged the subpoena , it argued that the news site was unable to provide that sort of information to the federal government .
ADVERTISEMENT
EFF reports that , when they challenged the subpoena , the Justice Department backed down , and responded with a one - sentence letter ( PDF ) that rescinded the subpoena .
But at the same time , Justice Department officials threatened an Indymedia web administrator with charges of obstruction of justice if she revealed the subpoena ’s existence .
Officials told the administrator , Kristina Clair of Philadelphia , that publicizing the request “ may endanger someone ’s health ” and would have a “ human cost . ”
“ Under pressure from EFF , the government admitted that the subpoena ’s gag order had no legal basis , and ultimately chose not to go to court to try to force Ms. Clair ’s silence despite earlier threats to do so , ” EFF stated .
ADVERTISEMENT
And , as a report at CBS News notes , the Justice Department may have violated its own rules about making requests from journalists .
The guidelines state , among other things , that the US attorney general has to personally authorize a media subpoena .
There is some question as to whose responsibility it would have been to authorize the request .
The subpoena was issued on January 30 , 2009 — 10 days after President Barack Obama was sworn in , but days before Holder was sworn in as attorney general .
Thus it ’s not clear if Attorney General Eric Holder authorized the request , but several news blogs are now pointing the finger at the Obama administration .
In an article entitled “ White House declared war on Indymedia ? “ , Ed Morrissey writes : “ Holder assumed office on February 3rd , which means that the acting AG may have had to sign off on the subpoena instead — or that Holder may have filled that role while filling the role pending confirmation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Complicating the matter is the fact that the Justice Department has released no information about what case or investigation the Indymedia request is connected to .
Further complicating the case is the fact that Indymedia is a news aggregation site , with links to other news sites , so it ’s not clear what information the Justice Department could have gleaned from Indymedia ’s records that would have helped them in an investigation .
Indymedia is a left - leaning site that has championed anti-globalization causes for years .
The EFF argues that the case raises serious concerns about the extent to which the US monitors citizens ’ news reading habits .
“ How often does the government attempt such illegal fishing expeditions through internet data ?
How many online service providers have received similarly bogus demands , and handed over how much data , violating how many internet users ’ privacy ? ” EFF asked .
“ How many of those subpoena recipients have been intimidated into silence by unconstitutional gag orders ? ”
Virgin Media will analyse traffic on the BitTorrent network A human rights watchdog has asked the European Commission to assess the legality of software being used to analyse file - sharing in the UK .
The software in question is called CView and will be used by ISP Virgin Media to identify legal versus illegal traffic on its network .
The EC has said it will monitor the use of the software , following a complaint from Privacy International .
Virgin Media countered that the software posed no risk to privacy .
Privacy International has concerns about the software , designed by monitoring firm Detica .
It utilises so - called deep packet inspection , which means that it can identify actual file - names , making it possible to accurately find out what content is legal and what is not .
According to Alexander Hanff , head of ethical networks at Privacy International , use of such software is in breach of current UK law .
" Under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( Ripa ) intercepting communications is a criminal offence regardless of what you do with the data , " he said .
Mr Hanff said he would file a criminal complaint if Virgin Media deployed CView .
He said the software is similar to that used by ad firm Phorm , which developed technology to monitor individual 's web use in order to better target adverts .
Trials of the technology in the UK have been put on hold while the EC investigates how it was tested .
Legal service
The UK government is in the process of creating legislation that could see illegal file - sharers identified and , potentially , thrown off the network .
But this software will not do that job , said a spokesman for Virgin Media .
" It was never designed to capture identities .
This is n't an answer for that , " said Asam Ahmad .
Instead the software will be used to identify how much traffic on its network is illegal .
" We want to understand what we can do to reduce illegal file - sharing .
This will tell us things such as the name of the top ten tracks being shared as well as the percentage of legal versus illegal , " said Mr Ahmad .
Virgin Media is about to launch its own music service .
' Double - edged '
Mr Ahmad said no date had yet been set for the trial but told BBC News it will monitor traffic on three peer - to - peer networks notorious for trading illegal as well as legal software ; Gnutella , eDonkey and BitTorrent .
He admitted that potentially 40 % of Virgin Media 's customers could have their data scrutinised and confirmed that it has no plans to inform them beforehand .
He also conceded that it would not be technically difficult to link up deep packet inspection technology with the IP addresses which would identify individuals but stressed that was not the plan currently .
" These mandates have not yet been set and when it comes down to identifying individuals or prosecuting them , that is a role for content providers , not us , " he said .
Virgin Media is involved in an ongoing education campaign , which includes sending letters to those identified as downloading illegal content on its network .
Andrew Ferguson , editor of broadband news site ThinkBroadband , said the trial could be " double - edged " .
" If Virgin can form a baseline for its ' illegal ' P2P traffic , it can see how much effect any legislation has , and perhaps plan better for the letter forwarding side of things , " he said .
But he pointed out that Virgin Media is not alone in using deep packet inspection - BT has been doing it for years , he said .
" It is possible they may be doing exactly what Virgin are doing , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A cyclist killed in a hit - and - run road accident in south - east Australia is believed to have been run over by at least six trucks .
Advertisement
Police say the 73 - year - old , who has not been named , was cycling along the Dukes Highway south - east of Adelaide when the incident occured .
He did not have any lights on his bike , even though it was 9.30 pm .
Officers say the man either crashed or was knocked from his bike , and was then run over by at least six lorries .
Country Fire Service volunteer Sandra Fawcett told local news site Adelaide
Now that the crash scene was “ horrific , and the worst I ’ve ever seen ” .
Police believe truck drivers had radio conversations about what happened , and have urged them to get in touch .
Three men have already come forward with information but officers have appealed for more haulage firms to contact them .
Advertisement
The accident happened 5 km west of Coonalpyn on Monday night .
Inspector Philip Newitt , from the major crash investigation branch , said : “ Some of the witnesses we have spoken to thus far have stated that discussion on the high frequency radio centred on a man riding a bike near Coonalpyn . ”
Voluntary euthanasia advocate Philip Nitschke says the Federal Government 's plan to filter the Internet will restrict information about euthanasia .
Under legislative amendments to be introduced when Parliament resumes next year , Australians wo n't be able to access sites that have been refused classification .
The Government says it will stop material like child sex abuse and bestiality .
But Dr Nitschke says his group is on a leaked Government black list of sites that will also be blocked .
" We 'll find that we wo n't have the ability to talk to our many Australian members who want access to decent end of life information , " he said .
" So the Government is going to restrict access to elderly Australians for good end of life information and I find that quite disgusting . "
When Sarah Haskins emailed to say that her Target Women career had come to an end , we were sad .
But it also gave us a chance to talk to her - below , DILFs , baby bridesmaids and being yelled into greatness .
Advertisement
Dodai :
So my first question , is , of course , how do you feel about the end of Target Women ?
Sarah :
The end of Target Women — or rather , me doing Target Women — is bittersweet .
I 'm really proud of what I — and everyone who worked on it — accomplished , but I think it 's also time to move on and take the funny new places .
Advertisement
Dodai : Looking back , do you have a favorite episode — or " Target " ?
Sarah : I have a few : cleaning , " number two " , ladyfriends , and Target Women : Ann Curry ( which no one liked but me ) .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Dodai : Oh , I loved the Ann Curry one !
Griping about her is one of my favorite things to do .
ALTHOUGH .
I saw her at a party and I felt a little bit bad .
She seemed so nice .
Advertisement
Sarah : I have a very intense relationship with the Today show .
Just on my end .
I watch it way too much .
So , I started analyzing why the producers are apparently trying to kill her .
Advertisement
Dodai :
Do you watch the fourth hour with Hoda and Kathie Lee ?
I am always hoping to be there for the very moment Hoda decides she is over it .
Yet Another Sign Hoda Kotb Is Going To Snap Today , she had to hula - hoop in front of the head of the NBC News division , " Jim . "
Then Kathie Lee… Read more
Advertisement
Sarah : I do .
It 's always just sort of on when I 'm trying to start my day and they keep sucking me in .
My fiance and I want to buy the Hoda and Kathie Lee shower curtain .
To frighten guests .
Dodai : Yikes !
I did n't know there was such a thing , but I support your purchasing decision .
Do you feel that there were any opportunities you missed Targeting ?
Any ad , person or company you just did n't get to ?
Advertisement
Sarah : Good question —
I suppose we could have done a Sarah Palin sequel — that 's the gift that keeps on giving - and I never quite figured out how to succinctly cover entertainment / sitcoms .
Like Cougartown .
Also , we never did " vagina stuff . "
Dodai :
Oh yes , Anna Holmes wanted me to ask you about Sarah Palin !
Sarah : Yes .
Sarah Palin .
What about that sweet sweet moose killer ?
Dodai : She did seem perfect for Target Women .
Actually she STILL DOES .
Sarah :
We did one when she got in the race — it was about how the conventional wisdom at the time was that Hillary supporters would apparently drop all their political convictions to vote for a new set of boobs ... but Palin certainly deserved another .
I 'm sure infoMania will get to it .
Advertisement
Dodai : Did you ever hear from any company or product you targeted ?
Yogurt people , or those crusty mops that lurk outside women 's doors ?
Advertisement
Sarah : No .
I kept thinking that maybe I 'd get a year 's supply of Swiffer cloths .
Nope .
Well , there was that one mop … but that was a special night .
Dodai :
The late night wars are in the news , and I think it 's interesting that even though Tina Fey and Amy Poehler have their own primetime shows , late night is still a man 's world , mostly .
Do you have any thoughts ?
Or answers as to why ?
Advertisement
Sarah : I wish I had answers .
I think comedy is changing , slowly — it 's still male dominated , but I knew ( and know ) so many great women working in the " grassroots " scene - sketch and improv theaters and stand up .
So , hopefully as this generation moves up , and men get used to working with women in comedy the argument that dudes need some sort of sacrosanct place to be gross and women do n't belong there will change .
I 'm referring mainly to the lack of female writers on those shows and the writing rooms .
Dodai : Right , right … it seems like a tougher road for women in comedy to me , but what 's weird is that movies like The Hangover do well with both men and women — it 's not like women do n't want to , you know , laugh .
Advertisement
Sarah : I firmly believe that women want to laugh almost as much as we want to darn socks .... maybe even more .
I know — I sound like a radical .
Dodai : …
It 's weird to me that " funny " movies with women involve brides or babies .
Advertisement
Sarah : Yes — it 's the same kind of simplification made by the people who thought women would vote for Sarah Palin just because she 's a woman .
It 's the kind of conclusion drawn by someone who ISN'T a woman " hmmm , they like weddings ... bet we could make a wedding movie . "
That said , my new movie is called Baby Bridesmaids .
Women will love it .
Dodai : HA !
Not to get all shrink -y on you , but do you ever feel intimidated by the — for lack of a better word — industry ?
Knowing what you know about how women fare ?
Sarah : I 'm new enough at this that I do n't feel intimidated .
This may seem like a digression , but bear with me for a small anecdote .
Once , when I was about eleven and my sister was eight , we were going on a camping trip .
The day of the trip , in the car , on the way , I got scared and started trying to back out of the trip saying I do n't want to go .
And my Mom , turned around in her seat and yelled " YOU'RE GOING !
YOU COME FROM A LINE OF STRONG WOMEN ! "
And I think that attitude 's infected me .
There are also strong women in the industry , and a lot of them have been very helpful to me - so , I have a positive attitude right now .
I want to do stuff , and I do n't want anyone to stop me .
Advertisement
Dodai : I think that 's a fantastic attitude !
And your mom sounds awesome .
Yelling you into greatness !
Sarah :
My sister and I still yell it at each other .
Dodai : Can we just talk about movies for a sec ?
Did you see Bright Star or The Hurt Locker ?
Advertisement
Sarah : I saw The Hurt Locker .
Amazing .
Dodai : Okay , so , The Golden Globe for Best Picture went to Avatar .
And not The Hurt Locker .
Sarah : Yeah .
That was disappointing .
Advertisement
Dodai : A woman has never won an Oscar for directing .
I do n't have a question here actually !
Just want to know what you think about this crap .
Sarah : I know .
I 'm shocked that Kathryn Bigelow did n't win for Best Director either .
I do n't think I 'm going to beat Manohla Dargis ' interview on this front , but its not a good situation .
There are obviously brilliant female creative voices in this world and the film industry has n't tapped into them .
Advertisement
Dodai :
Well , we can change gears a little : I want to know about your new funny projects .
Screenplays !
How is it going / where are you in the process / how long until we see something on the screen ?
Advertisement
Sarah :
There are two big funny projects in the works — both co-written with Emily Halpern — Booksmart , which is at Fox , and we 're working on a screenplay entitled Lunch Lady for Amy Poehler .
In the short term , Emily and I made a short film starring us called DILF which hopefully we can put online pretty soon .
We 'd heard enough about MILFs .
So we made a DILF .
Dodai : Ooooh !
Sarah : Yeah .
Let 's just say , someone makes out with Tim Daly .
Dodai : OMG .
Looking forward to that !
But filming has n't started on Booksmart or Lunch Lady ?
Advertisement
Sarah : Nope .
Well , Lunch Lady is in the early stages .
And , so far , I 've learned that movies move like glaciers ...
Dodai : You live in L.A. , right ?
Sarah : Yes .
I am .
I moved here to work for Current .
Dodai :
What is the most " Hollywood " thing you have done ?
Sarah : I murdered a screenwriter , slept my way to the top and poured cocaine all over Mullholland Drive .
And that was just yesterday .
Advertisement
Dodai : I missed the PR release !
Sarah : I 'm seriously lame .
I have n't done anything exciting .
Oooh !
I saw Michael Cera at the grocery store !
But I did not say hi .
Advertisement
Dodai : Well I 'm looking forward to seeing you fall out of a car with no underwear on .
Wait , I did n't mean it that way .
Sarah : Sure you did n't .
I should go to a club or something but it goes against my philosophy " why stand in line for booze and dancing when I have booze and dancing in my very own living room ? "
I hate lines .
And I never have the right clothes to go to cool places and if I try to dress like I do I look like a lady of the evening .
Advertisement
Dodai :
Well since they can't run into you on the dancefloor , how can people keep up with what you 're doing in this Post - Target Women world ?
( Twitter ? )
Sarah : Yes .
This sounds ridiculous , but yes , Twitter .
I am on Twitter and I will still be doing things .
Also , if you liked Target Women enough to follow me on twitter , thank you .
Advertisement
Dodai : And the DILF video ?
Will that be announced via Twitter ?
Inquiring minds !
Sarah : Yes .
When DILF is ready , it will be tweeted .
Dodai : Awesome .
Well I think we 've covered just about everything .
There is one thing I have wanted to ask you but I can't figure out if it 's catty or not ?
Advertisement
Sarah :
Oh dear !
Dodai :
And it is :
How do you feel about Diablo Cody ?
I am not trying to like , start shit .
Just curious .
Advertisement
Sarah : Diablo Cody is doing the hard work of paving the way for women who want to be writers and producers .
You 've gotta admire that .
She won an Oscar , heads a show — she 's doing it .
Dodai : Cool , cool .
I do n't like the haterade , myself .
But we are done !
Thank you so much for everything .
I 'll be hanging on your every Tweet until DILF materializes .
Advertisement
Sarah :
Thank you .
And thanks for talking .
Jezebel 's support was crucial for Target Women and I always appreciated it .
Thank you .
Sarah Haskins [ Twitter ]
Earlier : All Sarah Haskins posts
I struggled with this strip for about a week .
Â
Itâ€™s one of those ideas that get stuck in your head and sort of just rolls around crushing other ideas in its way .
Â
It felt decidedly different than many previous strips , but I liked it .
Â
I finally relented and here it is .
If you couldnâ€™t guess , this was inspired by my two cats who enjoy playing with my video games at least as much as I do .
It 's been a popular refrain by conservatives that the Detroit Underwear Bomber , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , ought to be turned over to the military so that he can be " squeezed " for information .
Yes , that 's because it 's worked so well in the past ... but more to the point , how 's the former administration 's track record on civil and military trials of terrorist suspects ?
From the UK's Guardian :
The Bush administration -- in which Liz Cheney 's papa held a fairly high position , you might recall -- prosecuted , after 9 - 11 , 828 people on terrorism charges in civilian courts .
At the time of publication of this excellent report from the Center on Law and Security , NYU School of Law last year , trials were still pending against 235 of those folks .
That leaves 593 resolved indictments , of which 523 were convicted of some crime , for a conviction rate of 88 % .
With regard to military tribunals , the Bush administration inaugurated 20 such cases .
So far just three convictions have been won .
The highest - profile is the conviction of Salim Hamdan , Osama bin Laden 's driver .
The Hamdan legal saga , rehearsed here , does n't exactly suggest that military tribunals provide swifter and surer and tougher justice .
In the end , he was convicted all right , but sentenced -- not by a bunch of New York City Democrats , but by a military jury ! -- to five and half years .
Then , the tribunal judge , a US Navy captain , gave Hamdan credit for time served , which was five years .
So he served six months after conviction .
Today he 's back in -- guess where ? -- Yemen .
Tony Blair 's decision to take Britain to war in Iraq was illegal , the Foreign Office 's former chief legal adviser will tell the Chilcot inquiry this week .
The Observer has been told that Sir Michael Wood , who was the FO 's most senior lawyer , is ready to reveal that , in the run-up to war , he was of the opinion that the conflict would have been unlawful without a second UN resolution .
This will provide an explosive backdrop to the former prime minister 's appearance before the inquiry on Friday .
The evidence from Wood , who will appear before the committee on Tuesday , will provide the firmest proof to date of the bitter wranglings that divided the government in the countdown to war .
His testimony will come the day before the appearance of Lord Goldsmith , the former attorney general , who is said to have dropped his legal objections days before the invasion , following intense pressure from Blair and his closest advisers , and the US authorities .
A senior legal figure close to the discussions at the time told the Observer : " The advice that was given consistently in the Foreign Office [ by Wood ] was that war would be unlawful without a second resolution .
The important thing is that Foreign Office advice was given consistently in one way , and then the attorney general , right at the end , gave advice to the contrary .
That is what will come out . "
It is also believed that the legal advice from Wood , who left the Foreign Office in 2006 and is now a barrister in private chambers in London , could be published for the first time by the inquiry .
The revelation is certain to inflame the already febrile atmosphere among the relatives of those killed in Iraq .
More than 40 will sit in on the inquiry during Blair 's appearance on Friday .
Last night there were signs that the families may stage some form of symbolic protest when the former PM takes the stage .
They have written to the inquiry chairman , Sir John Chilcot , asking for a short private session with Blair in what one relative described as an opportunity to bring " closure " .
Reg Keys , who stood against Blair in the 2005 election after his son Tom , a military policeman , was killed in Majar al - Kabir in 2003 , said he had contacted the inquiry chairman asking for families to be offered " one final chance to share their concerns " .
Blair will take his place amid intense security , with mass protests expected in Westminster .
Sources close to Scotland Yard said Blair 's appearance had been a major factor behind the government 's decision to raise the terror threat level from " substantial " to " severe " .
Intelligence operatives had picked up " domestic chatter " that had given them reason to believe his appearance before the inquiry required a higher state of alert .
" We are gearing up for Blair , " said the source . "
His appearance will be crucial in determining the process by which the country went to war .
He will face intense questioning on the way patchy intelligence evidence of Saddam Hussein 's weapons programme in 2002 was translated into firm assertions that the threat was " growing " and " beyond doubt " .
Tough questioning is expected , particularly from Sir Roderic Lyne , a former diplomat who is emerging as the most tenacious of Chilcot 's inquisitors .
The panel are also certain to question Blair on what he decided at key meetings with President George Bush in the run-up to war and whether more could have been done to equip soldiers for the conflict , in which 179 British service personnel have died .
But the question of the legality of war threatens to be the most damaging .
Goldsmith is likely to be pressed on whether he was pushed into changing his mind by Blair and senior US officials .
At the time , arguments raged on whether UN resolution 1441 , which related to Iraq 's ceasefire obligations from the first Gulf war , gave legal cover for military action .
Because the consensus among lawyers was that it did not , desperate – and ultimately fruitless – attempts , led by Britain and the US , were mounted to win support for a second resolution that would have made the case watertight .
Whitehall sources have revealed that Goldsmith and Wood had worked closely on the issue of the legality of war .
But in the days before invasion , Goldsmith abruptly changed his position , declaring that it would in fact be legal .
" There was agreement .
[ Goldsmith ] then went to talk to the Americans , the US State Department .
And the Americans were very clear what they wanted and what they thought , and that is what changed his mind , " said an FO source .
Wood 's deputy at the time , former Foreign Office lawyer Elizabeth Wilmshurst , who resigned two days before the war because she believed the invasion was a " crime of aggression " , will appear at the inquiry after Wood on Tuesday .
The most recent Gallup Poll on what Americans think is the best way to create jobs is a bit disheartening because it flies in the face of basic economics .
Protectionism is the number one way Americans believe more jobs can be created .
This was true for Republicans , Independents and Democrats .
The data suggest that the Obama Administration is in touch with what people want as the President has certainly shown protectionist mettle .
The phrasing of the top answers was “ keep manufacturing jobs in the U.S ” and “ lower taxes . ”
Gallup titled the article “ Americans See Protectionism , Tax Cuts as Ways to Create Jobs . ”
This seems accurate although I should note that there was a question asking whether we should use more “ Buy American ” measures to protect jobs and fewer respondents wanted this .
So , Americans are not calling for protectionism of the Smoot - Hawley variety .
On other issues , notice the shift in priorities between Democrats and Republicans on tax cuts , regulation , and infrastructure projects .
I interpret this dichotomy as demonstrating Republicans favouring lower taxes and less regulation to help small business .
Think Joe the Plumber .
Democrats back more direct job creation measures .
President Obama is trying to take a middle road in part to mollify blue dog Democrats in Congress in the lead up to 2010 mid-term elections .
Given the polling data , I do not anticipate his administration will favour direct jobs creation as the primary means of creating jobs .
However , I believe that the economy will stall without this direct job creation and this will mean a major defeat for Democrats in 2010 , making Congress more hostile to the Administration ’s priorities .
As for protectionism , Obama has shown repeatedly that he is not a free - trader .
Back in January , the dean of free trader Jagdish Bhagwati called Obama a protectionist .
I have begun to share that view .
The data show that this is how Americans want their President to act .
I believe China is the likely target of any protectionism in the U.S .
But protectionism is sub-optimal .
All economists agree ; even liberals like Paul Krugman say so .
Nonetheless , Krugman is on record favouring protectionism as a “ second - best argument .
He sees a strong political case for protectionism .
And given Obama ’s previous record , the need to create jobs and the polling data , some sort of protectionism is probably where we are headed .
Kapteyn ’s Star is part of a ‘ Moving group ’ in the constellation of Pictor ( Image : ESO Online Digitized Sky Survey )
Here ’s an apple that landed far from the tree .
A dim star just 13 light years from Earth was born in a cluster 17,000 light years away .
Discovered in 1897 , Kapteyn ’s Star is the 25th nearest star system to our sun , but it is no local , says Elizabeth Wylie - de Boer of Mount Stromlo Observatory in Canberra .
The cool star ’s composition is tricky to study , but astronomers can look at 16 other stars in the same “ moving group ” , all of which orbit the galaxy backwards and are very old .
The odd motion marks them as members of the Milky Way ’s ancient population of halo stars .
Advertisement
Of the stars , 14 had the same abundance of elements – such as sodium , magnesium , zirconium , barium – as Omega Centauri , the galaxy ’s most luminous globular cluster .
The cluster emits a million times more light than the sun .
“ It ’s long been thought that Omega Centauri is the left - over nucleus of a dwarf galaxy that merged with the Milky Way , ” says Wylie - de Boer , whose paper will appear in the Astronomical Journal .
“ During the merger , the outer regions of this dwarf galaxy were stripped . ”
Some of the cast - off stars ended up near the Sun , with one landing a mere 13 light years from Earth .
The first criminal trial without a jury to take place in England and Wales in more than 400 years begins on Tuesday after lawyers ' legal challenges were exhausted .
John Twomey , 62 , and three other defendants face trial over a bungled robbery at Heathrow airport in 2004 .
Robbers allegedly tried to steal more than £ 10 m from a warehouse but had misread a flight document and only £ 1.75 m was there at the time , most of which has not been recovered .
Twomey and his associates face the historic trial in the absence of a jury after the court of appeal examined secret evidence and ruled that " the danger of jury tampering and the subversion of the process of trial by jury is very significant " .
It is the first trial of its kind under provisions in the Criminal Justice Act 2003 .
In the last 400 years , trials without juries have taken place only in Northern Ireland , where the Diplock courts were set up to provide justice in the intimidating atmosphere of the Troubles .
The case is being heard at the high court in London and is expected to last three months .
The judge , Mr Justice Treacy , will act as judge and jury during the case .
Unlike a jury , he will see all the witness statements in the case .
Lawyers for Twomey say the evidence of alleged jury tampering has never been presented to them ; instead it was made in court by senior police officers under public interest immunity .
John Aspinall QC , for Twomey , will apply tomorrow for the case to be thrown out as an abuse of process , but legal sources are not confident that the move will be successful .
Aspinall has been refused leave to go to the supreme court .
Twomey has faced trial on charges in connection with the robbery three times already , at a cost of more than £ 20 m .
It was only in the last trial that the judge made allegations of jury tampering .
During the first trial Twomey suffered a heart attack in Belmarsh prison and was severed from the indictment .
His six co-defendants were acquitted .
At the second trial the jury was reduced to nine and was unable to reach a decision .
At his third trial the judge halted the hearing nearly halfway through after receiving information from the prosecution , which the judge said pointed to a " serious attempt at jury tampering " .
The prosecution applied afterwards for a trial without a jury .
But in the high court , Mr Justice Calvert - Smith decided a series of jury protection measures could be put in place to run a fourth trial .
The court of appeal overruled his decision last year .
Lord Judge , the lord chief justice , said in his ruling : " The case concerns very serious criminal activity , including possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life , possession of a firearm with intent to commit robbery and conspiracy to rob . "
He said during a " carefully planned and professionally executed armed robbery " a firearm was aimed at a supervisor in the warehouse and discharged .
Only one man has ever been jailed for the robbery : an inside man who turned " supergrass " and pleaded guilty .
Twomey , who faces trial with Peter Blake , Barry Hibberd and Glen Cameron , has told the Guardian he feels the police have borne a grudge against him after he gave evidence against officers in 1982 in an anti-corruption inquiry .
The lawyers defending California ’s Proposition 8 and its ban on same - sex marriage urged the U.S. Supreme Court on Saturday to block video coverage of this week ’s trial in San Francisco .
The attorneys filed an emergency appeal with Justice Anthony M. Kennedy and argued that their client ’s right to a fair trial would be jeopardized if each day ’s proceedings were posted on YouTube.com .
The trial “ has the potential to become a media circus , ” wrote attorney Charles Cooper .
“ The record is already replete with evidence showing that any publicizing of support for Prop. 8 has inevitably led to harassment , economic reprisal , threats and even physical violence .
In this atmosphere , witnesses are understandably quite distressed at the prospect of their testimony being broadcast worldwide on YouTube . ”
Kennedy asked the state to respond by noon today .
Advertisement
At issue is whether the California ballot initiative that forbids the state from granting marriage licenses to gay and lesbian couples violates the U.S. Constitution ’s guarantee of equal protection of the laws .
U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker , who is conducting the trial slated to begin Monday , agreed to limited TV coverage .
The proceedings will be taped and made available to YouTube at the end of the day .
He acted based on a recent rule change by the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals allowing TV coverage of some civil cases .
Last week , opponents of Proposition 8 sent petitions signed by more than 140,000 people urging TV coverage .
“ It ’s vital that this trial be open to the public , ” said Rick Jacobs , founder of the Courage Campaign Institute in Los Angeles .
“ The outcome will affect millions of people , and it ’s the American way to open the judicial process to the public . ”
Advertisement
Foes of Proposition 8 criticized the appeal to the Supreme Court as a desperate attempt “ to shut cameras out . ”
“ Those who want to ban gay marriage spent millions of dollars to reach the public with misleading ads , rallies and news conferences during the campaign to pass Prop .
8 . We are curious why they now fear the publicity they once craved , ” said Chad Griffin , president of the board of the American Foundation for Equal Rights .
“ Apparently , transparency is their enemy , but the people deserve to know exactly what it is they have to hide . ”
david.savage@latimes.com
Cover up !
No shopping in PJs or barefoot , Tesco tells shoppers as it becomes first supermarket to unveil a dress code
Unwelcome : Elaine Carmody was asked to leave a Tesco store in Cardiff because she was wearing pyjamas
It ’s probably not the first choice of attire one would choose for a weekly shopping trip down at the local store .
But those who like to get the groceries in their pyjamas should be aware they will be barred at a Tesco superstore , which is the first in Britain to introduce a dress code .
Wandering the aisles in your dressing gown or going barefoot is just not acceptable , according to store policy which is outlined on posters put up at the entrance .
The notices state : ‘ To avoid causing embarrassment to others we ask that our customers are appropriately dressed when visiting our store ( footwear must be worn at all times and no nightwear is permitted ) . ’
While the dress code would appear to be common sense to the majority of shoppers , Tesco staff at St Mellons , Cardiff , said they were forced to put up the posters .
This is because increasing numbers of young women have taken to shopping in their nightwear after dropping their children off at school in the morning .
A store spokesman said : ‘ We do not have a strict dress code but we do n't want people shopping in their nightwear in case it offends other customers .
‘ We 're not a nightclub with a strict dress code , and jeans and trainers are of course more than welcome .
‘ We do , however , request that customers do not shop in their PJs or nightgowns .
' This is to avoid causing offence or embarrassment . ’
The spokesman said they were ‘ unaware ’ of any other Tesco store in the UK putting up similar signs to ban nightwear .
Mother - of - two Elaine Carmody , 24 , was one of the first yesterday to be marched out of Tesco by a security guard for wearing her pyjamas in store .
She said : ' I just do n't understand it .
I go in other shops in my pyjamas and they do n't say anything .
' You used to always be allowed in Tescos .
But not now , it is ridiculous and stupid .
I 've got lovely pairs of pyjamas , with bears and penguins on them .
I 've worn my best ones today , just so I look tidy . '
Standards :
The store in St Mellons has introduced the dress code to avoid offence among other customers
Ms Carmody was told to abandon her trolley in the aisle and leave the store .
She was escorted off the premises by a security guard .
Poll
Is it ever acceptable to go shopping in pyjamas ?
Yes No Is it ever acceptable to go shopping in pyjamas ?
Yes 4761 votes
No 21719 votes
Now share your opinion
' I walked in with my trolley and the security guard came over and told me to leave , ' said she said .
' He said it offends people .
But I 've never seen anyone offended .'
Ms Carmody admitted she is often still in pyjamas in the morning after sorting out her children for nursery .
Warning :
The poster at the entrance to the Tesco store in Cardiff
She said : ' It is just when I 'm in a rush or busy with the kids .
I have n't got time to get myself all dolled up .
' I would usually put a coat or something over the top and it's not like I 'm flashing the flesh or anything .
' I was going be buying about £ 100 worth of stuff in here today and they 've made me leave my trolley in the aisle .
' So they 've lost out .
It 's ridiculous , really pathetic .
They should be happy because you 're going in spending all that money .
' You see loads of people going in wearing jogging bottoms , what 's the difference ? '
Some shoppers at the store welcomed the ban yesterday saying it was not unusual to see women pushing their trolleys in pyjamas , dressing gowns and slippers .
Mother - of - two Nicola Rees , 34 , said : ‘ I 'm surprised they 've banned it now because it happens so often that no one takes any notice .
‘ To start with you may have seen someone pop in to get a pint of milk or a loaf of bread wearing their PJs .
‘ But now you see women wandering around pushing their shopping trolleys in night garments and slippers . ’
But other people living around the estate were furious and branded Tesco ‘ snobbish ’ .
One mother said : ‘ This is just pathetic and shows how snobbish some people can be .
‘ Do they have any idea how difficult it is to get three kids off to school when you are a single parent ?
‘ You have n't even got time for a cup of tea never mind getting all dolled up .
‘ I can't see what is wrong with pulling a coat over your pyjamas to drop the kids off at school then stopping in the shop for a loaf of bread .
‘ I wo n't be bothering with Tesco anymore , I 'm off to Aldi . ’
Wearing pyjamas outside the house became a hot topic recently on the Mumsnet website with parents drawing up lists of what is and what is not acceptable for mothers to wear at the school gates .
Some ' yummy mummies ' advocate glossy hair , a full face of make - up , tailored clothes and high heels .
Then there are the ' slummies ' who insist tracksuits or gardening clothes are fine - or at a push - pyjamas and slippers .
One mother wrote that she was warned to wear high heels and lipstick when she collected her daughter up from nursery or the other mothers would not invite her to social occasions .
But another suggested buying a decent coat to cover up sartorial horrors or even pyjamas underneath .
She would have been at odds with headmaster Joe McGuinness who felt so many PJ - clad women were arriving at his school gates every morning he sent a special bulletin home with the children .
He told mothers that wearing their pyjamas and slippers when leaving their children to school was ' slovenly and rude ' .
He wrote : ' Over recent months the number of adults leaving children to school or collecting children from school dressed in pyjamas is disrespectful to the school and a bad example to set to children . '
He added : ' There used to be about 15 to 20 pyjama - wearing parents but there is anything up to 50 now - and they are all women . '
The head teacher said no - one would go to see their bank manager or doctor without getting dressed , and asked why parents thought it was okay to go to school like that .
Mr McGuinness has n't banned pyjama - wearing mothers from St Matthew 's Primary in Belfast , because EU laws prevent him .
But he said he has n't received any complaints from parents since the bulletin was issued two years ago .
Many beer brands speak to men in a shared tone showing to them that they really understand their needs .
Yet , up to know , all intentions where express by a message without and action plan .
Andes , the leader beer in the Andina Region of Argentina , presents : Andes Beer : Teletransporter – a revolutionary invention capable of doing something almost impossible : men can now go to a bar and share an Andes beer with friends without having any problems with their girlfriends .
Andes Teletransporter
Booths have been installed at the main bars of Mendoza , Argentina .
Einstein mentioned that teletransportation was impossible since objects could not conduct faster than light .
Einstein was wrong !
Legal Notice : Teleportation does not cause any physical non psychological damages .
It helps and encourages long lasting couples and friendships .
To lie is a sin , teleport is not !
Part of a balanced breakfast
Posted January 21 , 2010 at 7:00 pm
I wanted to get back to a comic that was pretty far away from the MMA story so what better to go to than a George eating kids strip .
My sister does n't like when I have George eat kids in the strip .
But , for some reason , it 's funnier than eating just random adults .
Peter Jackson may be making the press rounds for his recently released “ The Lovely Bones , ” but Ain’t it Cool News got a bit of a surprise answer out of the Academy Award - winning director in a recent interview concerning video games .
“ I ’m enjoying these games more than I am enjoying films at the moment , ” said Jackson .
“ They are using a lot of the film techniques now , especially the cinematic areas or those little movie things .
They are starting to really blend them in and you get the feeling that you are watching substantial bits of prerecorded animation which is still great , though , because they are dynamic and done well .
They did n’t used to be done very well in the old days , but there are people that actually know what they are doing . ”
And while Peter Jackson ’s Halo may never be happening , that ’s not stopping the director from pursuing games based on his licenses .
“ At the moment I am kind of involved with a Tintin game and obviously the beginning of The Hobbit game , so those two in terms of the gaming at the moment with all of the other scripts we are working on at the moment , those are the gaming things we are focusing on , ” said Jackson .
“ I do have a few ideas that could go one - way or the other .
I ’ve got ideas that could be a movie or they could be a game and I think that they should rather than just make a movie and then do a spin - off game , I think some of the ideas I ’ve got I ’d rather do them as a stand alone game , because that world is getting more and more interesting . ”
OCamlEditor is a source code editor and build tool for OCaml .
It provides many features to facilitate editing code , accessing API reference directly from the editor and compiling projects .
It is light - weight , open source and runs on Linux and Windows .
By Katheryn Rivas
One of the wonders of the Internet is that it can bring the world to you instead of your needing to find the time and money to explore the traditional way .
The following virtual tours bring opportunities to explore cities , famous landmarks and buildings , museums , college campuses , and even outer space .
You can learn how things are made , explore the human body or that of a life - sized whale , and visit ball parks and theme parks .
There is even a section of incredible virtual tours that Google Earth has compiled that shares the world in a whole new way .
Cities
From historic cities hundreds of years old to newer cities , these tours take you all around the world .
Pompeii , Italy .
Explore the ruins of this famous Italian city .
Ancient Rome in 3D on Google Earth .
Find out here how you can take a look at ancient Rome .
Virtual Tour of the Forbidden City .
Download the software that will allow you to take a 3D tour of the imperial palace in China in the 15th century .
Historic Centre of Prague .
Use Google Maps to take a 360 - degree panoramic tour of the historic center of Prague .
Historic Centre of San Gimignano .
Go to Italy and explore this city that was once an important connection for travelers making a pilgrimage to Rome .
Historic Centre of Siena .
Explore this ancient Italian city that still embodies the spirit of a medieval city .
Historic Centre of Urbino .
Once a huge draw for artists of the 15th and 16th centuries , this city in Italy still retains the Renaissance feel it had then .
Historic Centre of Cesky Krumlov .
Visit this town in the Czech Republic for an example of a medieval town of central Europe .
Historic City of Toledo .
This Spanish city was once home to citizens of three major religions and reflects that culture today .
Historic Walled Town of Cuenca .
Take a look at this outstanding example of a fortified city from the medieval times .
Old City of Salamanca .
Explore one of the oldest universities in Europe when you take this tour .
Old Town of Avila with its Extra -Muros Churches .
View the amazing stone fortifications and the Gothic cathedral in this Spanish town .
Old Town of Caceres .
The architecture here reflects the battles between the Christians and the Moors that took place here .
Old Town of Segovia and its Aquaduct .
Featuring a well - preserved Roman aquaduct built around AD 50 , this city offers plenty of amazing sites .
Santiago de Compostela ( Old Town ) .
Take a look at these ancient buildings of the city that were built in the 11th century .
Ephesus .
Tour this ancient Turkish town that reflects ancient Roman times .
Colonial Williamsburg .
Get a street overview of colonial Williamsburg , then click on certain features to learn more about each of them .
Oslo .
Go to Oslo where you can explore the Nobel Peace Center , the Viking Ship Museum , and several landmarks of the city .
Berlin .
Visit some of the magnificent churches in Berlin , but do n't forget to see the Berlin Wall , too .
Tour San Francisco .
This site provides a combination of photos and 360 - degree panoramas of the major highlights throughout the city .
Famous Landmarks and Buildings
Take these tours to visit the Taj Mahal and the Palace of Versailles in the same day .
Explore the Taj Mahal .
Take a virtual look around the grounds and inside the Taj Mahal .
Stonehenge .
Google Maps presents this virtual tour of Stonehenge .
Holy Trinity Column in Olomouc .
Visit this stunning monument in the Czech Republic .
Mill Network at Kinderdijk - Elshout .
The famous windmills of the Netherlands are just one element in the entire network of water handling –all of which can be seen here .
Paris , Banks of the Seine .
No need to travel to Paris to see the romantic banks of the Seine that cut through the city .
Take this virtual tour instead .
Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew .
Explore the grounds of this famous site just outside of London .
New 7 Wonders .
This site is taking votes right now to determine the new seven wonders of the world .
They have many virtual tours posted in order to help voters decide .
Examples include Machu Picchu , Easter Island , the Statue of Liberty , and the pyramids of Giza .
Mount St. Helens .
Get a 360 - degree view of this famous volcano , including a comparison of 2003 and 2006 .
Supreme Court Tour .
Select a room , including select justices ' chambers , and get a 360 view of each .
US Capitol Virtual Tour .
Tour the United States Capitol building here to learn about homeland security and legal studies .
The Little Mermaid .
Go to Copenhagen and see the famous statue sculpted by Edvard Erichsen that commemorates the story written by Hans Christian Andersen .
Vatican .
Take a tour of the grounds and the cathedral at the Vatican , which can broaden your knowledge of Christian studies .
Pisa .
Look from the top as well as take a peek inside this famous leaning tower .
Palace of Versailles Go to France with Google Maps to take a tour of this famous French palace .
Mount Vernon Virtual Mansion Tour .
View the estates and gardens of George Washington on this tour .
Museums
Take a peek inside these museums to learn about history , read ancient books , or view some of the most revered works of art available .
College Campuses
Whether you are looking for a future school or just appreciate the beauty of the grounds surrounding institutes of higher learning , take these tours to do both .
You can also take a closer look at online schools in your state on our website .
Outer Space
These virtual tours offer a glimpse at a world far beyond the everyday existence .
Touring Mars with Google Earth .
See what it 's like on Mars with this virtual tour .
Arounder Moon .
Take a virtual tour of the Earth 's moon here .
A Virtual Journey into the Universe .
Click through the planets in the solar system to learn about each .
Note that this tour is a bit dated and still considers Pluto a planet .
How Things are Made
Learn how cars , chocolate , guitars , and more are made with these tours .
Toyota Motor Manufacturing , Kentucky .
Take a virtual tour of this automobile plant to see how these cars come into being .
Discover Hershey : Making Chocolate .
This video tour takes you virtually through the chocolate - making process at one of the most famous chocolatiers in America .
How People Make
Things .
From Mister Roger 's Neighborhood , these six videos take you into the factories where these items are made , including crayons , fortune cookies , and guitars .
Ocean Spray 's Live Bog Cam .
While not technically a tour , this link takes you to a live camera showing an actual cranberry bog .
Humans and Animals
Find out about cardiovascular disease or take a look at the body of a life - sized whale here .
Vital Signs : Understanding Cardiovascular Disease .
Take part in this virtual exhibit courtesy of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute that explores cardiovascular disease .
Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society Virtual Whale .
Examine a life - sized whale on this virtual tour under the sea .
Ball Parks
Visit a few of the baseball fields where some of the top teams play .
Wrigley Field .
Tour the new Wrigley Field in Chicago .
Great American Ball Park .
Go to Cincinnati to see where the Reds play their games .
Target Field .
This ball park is soon to open .
Get a sneak preview here .
Progressive Field .
Get 12 different 360 - degree views of several aspects of the home of the Cleveland Indians .
Nationals Park .
Check out this field that opened in 2008 .
Theme Parks
Explore Disney World , Disney parks in other locations , Legoland , and more with these theme park tours .
Google Earth Virtual Tours
Google Earth has an outstanding collection of virtual tours that are not to be missed .
Take a look at this list for a sampling of what 's available .
Boost Your Low Testosterone !
Increase Low T Levels , Naturally
Are you looking to boost your low testosterone ?
Good , I may be able to help you out - if you can pass this little test that is ...
Question :
Would you like to get that T - Boost without taking drugs , injecting hormones
or dealing with negative side effects ?
If you just said yes , pat yourself on the back because you scored an A +
Now I open the doors to this website and humbly ask you to step right in .
Your first order of business should be to start doing the Testicular Cooling Protocol
which you can read about in my free ebook .
This is an extremely powerful T - boosting habit that will only take you a couple of minutes
to do every morning while you 're in the shower .
Once you 've read this ...
I suggest you execute at least one of the other tips described inside the ebook within the next 24 hours , because nothing will change in your life unless you take action ..
And always remember :
More than 30,000 men have transformed their lives following the methods outlined on this website ..
And you can follow right in their footsteps .
When you 're ready for step two , I suggest you go to the " Testimonials " link just below ...
This will show you how other visitors to his site have Boosted Testosterone , Increased Testicle Function and Hardened Erections , using entirely natural methods ...
Which if you think about it , is the only way it should be done ..
Good luck
Mark
I 'm going to give you a few more tips to help you out as you dive in and start implementing the methods outlined on this site .
Suggestions that ALL the regulars around here follow , because you can't win this game without them .
Follow these road signs , and you 'll win the low testosterone battle , without a doubt .
Ignore the advice and you 'll just be setting yourself up for failure .
Let 's get started …
1. Go All In :
By " All In " I mean , do n't just pop a couple of Testosterone Boosters , and expect to solve your low testosterone problem by morning .
To make this work , you have to attack this problem using several different weapons … testosterone supplements , ejaculation control , chemical avoidance , and estrogen reduction .
Make it a point to use ALL these weapons , and failure will be impossible .
2. Lose the Drugs :
Work with your doctor to get off all medications if at all possible .
I 'm constantly surprised at the crazy things doctors do to relatively healthy men .
No heart disease ?
No problem , take this statin medication anyway .
Blood pressure slightly elevated ?
Great , take this drug , it 's a lot easier than reducing sodium intake or losing a few pounds .
Low testosterone ?
That 's easy , rub this testosterone gel on your body , and do n't worry one bit about the testicular atrophy that hits every man who does this .
Here 's a tip for you ...
If your doctor will not work with you to get of the drugs and artificial hormones , fire him and find one who will .
Believe it or not , there are doctors out there who wo n't attempt to shove a fistful of drugs down your throat the minute you walk through the front door .
You just have to look REAL hard to find them .
3. Subscribe to My Email List :
More than 10,000 men strong and growing daily .
This is an interactive , living , breathing list , chock full of fresh ideas , suggestions and inspiration for men suffering from low testosterone .
If you want to stay motivated on this new journey of yours , you need to be on the list .
Download the free testosterone boosting ebook on THIS PAGE , and you 'll be added in automatically .
Finally …
Do n't look to the testosterone boosters to solve all your problems .
These supplements should be used as a tool to enhance everything else you 're doing .
If you 're taking 3 medications , drinking a 12 pack every night or are 75 pounds overweight , you 've got other priorities you need to deal with first .
The time to use these supplements is when you 're on the upswing … after dropping the meds , losing some of that weight or getting a grip on the alcohol .
Then and ONLY then should you begin cycling these natural testosterone supplements .
Good luck , and thanks for visiting my website .
Mark
These natural supplements should be the cornerstone of your Low T recovery program .
I used them to drive my total Testosterone levels from the basement all the way up into the normal range , and you may be able to do the same .
Come inside to read about the products I use and recommend ...
The two earned professional certificates in viticulture and enology from the University of California , Davis , over three years of coursework both online and in visits to California .
The studies gave them the foundation to begin at a high level , trying to get the best out of the six acres planted in grapes on their 35 - acre farm in the Outer Coastal Plain ( OCP ) , an officially recognized wine region ( or AVA ) that covers the lower southeastern third of the state .
Its mild maritime climate has been likened to Bordeaux's , but the OCP 's sandy soils are markedly different from the clay - rich and gravelly earth of its French counterpart .
4:44 pm
ACLU
Federal Court Will Hear Government Appeal In Rendition Case
2:46 pm
Sustainable Agriculture Advocates
Broad Coalition Decries White House Defense of Pesticide Lobbyist Nomination
2:34 pm
Center for Biological Diversity
Lethal New Poison Could Exterminate Black - tailed Prairie Dogs — Plus Kill Whooping Cranes and Golden Eagles
1:50 pm
Public Citizen
As Thursday Vote Looms on Two New Reactors , Popular Opposition May Make Selling Nuclear Power More Difficult
1:48 pm
Project On Government Oversight ( POGO )
Defense Board Catches Los Alamos Trying to Dodge Plutonium Safety Vulnerability
1:30 pm
Sierra Club
Experts Raise Concerns About New Transmission Line from Coal Country to Eastern Grid
12:46 pm
Earthjustice
Hearings Begin on Kerry - Boxer Climate Change Bill
12:43 pm
Labor Rights Groups
Immigration Study Finds Enforcement Has Undermined Workers ' Rights
by Septicisle
Back in November the Sun decided that it was time to resort to the old tabloid trick of attacking someone by association when they could n’t lay a finger on the target himself personally .
David Nutt , a senior adviser on drugs to the ACMD , had just been defenestrated by Alan Johnson for daring to argue again that cannabis is n’t as dangerous as either the government claims or its classification suggests .
So naturally it was time to go scouting around his children ’s social networking pages to see if they could find any pay dirt .
The result , an article which accused his son Stephen of partaking in cannabis because he was smoking what was clearly a roll - up and not a normal , honest , cigarette , his daughter Lydia of drinking underage , and the by no means hypocritical sneering at his eldest son for appearing naked in the snow in Sweden , ended up being removed with days of it appearing .
Yesterday the Press Complaints Commission published Stephen Nutt ’s letter of complaint on their website ( h/t Tabloid Watch ) :
The complaint was resolved when the newspaper removed the article from the website , undertook not to repeat the story and published the following letter : FURTHER to your article about photographs of me on my Facebook site , ( November 14 ) I would like to make clear the pictures were not posted by me and while I had been drinking I was smoking a rolled - up cigarette which did not contain cannabis as the article insinuated .
My younger sister Lydia was not intoxicated , so was not drinking under age .
My older brother lives in Sweden where it is custom to use a sauna followed by a ‘ romp ’ in the snow in winter .
He was neither drunk nor under the influence of intoxicants .
Innocuous photographs were taken out of context in an attempt to discredit my father ’s work .
Which is about as comprehensive and wounding a clarification as ever gets published in the Sun .
The article was so obviously in breach of the PCC ’s code on privacy , not to mention accuracy , that it should never have been published in the first place though ; why then should the paper get away without making anything approaching an apology , only having to print a clarification buried away on the letters page ?
GM crops have been cleared for commercial cultivation ( Image : Jeff Hutchens / Getty )
Genetically modified rice cleared for commercial sale could be growing on Chinese farms as early as next year , making China the first country to allow commercial cultivation of GM strains .
The field trials required for any new variety are now under way , following official safety clearance November .
Two varieties , called Huahui 1 and Bt Shanyou 63 , received clearance and should be launched within the next two years .
Both contain “ Bt ” proteins from the Bacillus thuringiensis bacterium to protect them against the rice stem borer , the most serious rice pest in China .
“ I expect that large - scale production of these two insect - resistant rices will occur in 2011 in Hubei province , one of the major rice production regions in China , ” says Jikun Huang , director of the Center for Chinese Agricultural Policy of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing .
Advertisement
If all goes well in Hubei , Huang expects rapid commercial approval elsewhere in China .
He brushes aside the idea that the GM varieties may damage trade by contaminating exports , pointing out that exports account for less than 1 per cent of the country ’s total rice production .
Previous experimental field trials of GM rice varieties in China , including the two now poised for commercialisation , showed that they benefited poor farmers and decreased their exposure to harmful pesticides .
Bob Zeigler , director of the non-profit International Rice Research Institute ( IRRI ) in Los Baños , the Philippines , is optimistic about the future of GM rice , saying that GM technology can deliver unique traits that are otherwise unobtainable .
This year , farmers in India and the Philippines have begun receiving a flood - tolerant rice developed at the IRRI which is non-GM but was developed using knowledge from GM studies .
This is Sofia .
Like the Italian actress , it will turn heads everywhere it flies .
Not because of its cleavage , but because this Boeing 747 has a 15 by 14 - foot door on it , which opens to reveal a 2.5 - meter telescope .
Advertisement
The Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy — which went through $ 500 - million in modifications after two decades of engineering — has finally been tested after its construction , flying at 15,000 feet and 415 km / h with the door fully open .
The test was a complete success , and in 2010 they will start testing the telescope itself .
[ Flight Global ]
If animal cruelty turns your stomach , you should not watch this video .
The NYPD took a good look , and what they saw -- a 21 - year old man violently kicking a tiny dog -- led to criminal charges .
Chris Grant now stands charged with torturing and injuring the animal .
Police say the little pooch , a 12 - pound Pomeranian - Chihuahua named Chuvi - Duvi , belonged to Grant 's girlfriend .
And there 's a twist : cameras captured the attack while police scoured surveillance tapes for a killer in the same apartment complex , Grant Housing Development in upper Manhattan .
They later found the man accused of stabbing nine - year old Anthony Maldonado , the victim of one of the city 's first homicides of 2010 .
The two crimes are not connected , but Police Commissioner Ray Kelly says solving them involved the same basic tools : a camera , and a cop paying attention .
In condemning the alleged dog - kicker , Kelly called Grant " an abusive individual who repeatedly and brutally beat a small defenseless dog . "
See for yourself , but if you 're an animal lover , be advised : it 's tough to watch .
Best Bkie Basket reviews
We examined a ton of Bkie Basket reviews from our clients just to bring you the best ones of 2020 .
Work AC , in collaboration with Edible Schoolyard NY and the Alice Waters ’ Chez Panisse Foundation , is designing a new schoolyard for PS216 that will offer the young New Yorkers a different learning experience .
The Edible Schoolyard is designed as a series of interlinked sustainable systems where the building will produce energy and heat , collect rainwater , process compost and sort waste with an off - grid infrastructure .
More images and more about the school after the break .
The school includes a kitchen classroom and mobile greenhouse where children are brought together in a learning environment that also promotes eco-friendliness .
The roof of the kitchen classroom , a room that provides the facilities for up to 30 students to prepare meals together , channels rain water for reclamation .
The mobile greenhouse extends the growing season by covering 1600sf of soil in the colder months and gardens will allow the children to care for plants .
A systems wall , a series of spaces that include a cistern , space for composting and waste - sorting , solar batteries , dishwashing facilities , a tool shed and a chicken coop , rests on the opposite side of the yard .
The project is a great way to introduce sustainable methods into children ’s lives at an early age .
The “ edible ” element will definitely pique children ’s interests and help the next generation realize the importance of the eco-friendly movement .
All images courtesy of WORKac
Now that we ’ve crossed the finish line of a 17 - week marathon , we ’ve got two options .
We can collapse , or we can keep running .
Let ’s keep running .
It ’s the final Morning Aftermath of the season , a feature spawned on the fly several weeks into the 2009 campaign , and then tweaked into something but substantive and manageable .
It ’s sort of like mailing it in , but on really nice stationery .
1 . A proposed solution to the problem of meaningless late - season games .
Though the issue has been around for years , the problem came sharply into focus when the Colts opted to abandon the pursuit of perfection under the guise of resting starters for the postseason .
And the Colts fueled the fire by offering up lame — and factually incorrect — excuses for trying hard in one meaningless game , and then not trying very hard in their next one .
Fans do n’t like it .
The teams that need help to get a seat at the playoff table from teams not inclined to help themselves do n’t like it , either .
Most importantly , the Commissioner hates it .
But what can be done ?
A mandate to publish an official depth chart and to respect it into early January easily can be avoided by exaggerating and / or fabricating injuries — after weeks of otherwise concealing them .
And incentives like extra draft selections wo n’t prompt a team with a chance at a Super Bowl to risk an injury to a key player like Wes Welker for an extra fourth - round pick .
( Besides , the notion that a good team can be rewarded via picks for choosing to try to be good runs counter to the notion of the draft as a tool for ensuring competitive balance . )
So sticks or carrots simply wo n’t work in this context .
Instead , the league needs to incorporate a natural competitive incentive that will prompt all playoff teams to continue to try to play hard , regardless of whether it ’s Week One or Week 17 .
And the solution requires real creativity , along with a willingness to dramatically change a flawed playoff model .
Here ’s our proposal : Augment the current playoff qualification system with seeding assignments made by a neutral committee , similar to the approach the NCAA employs when selecting teams for the men ’s and women ’s basketball tournaments .
The six playoff teams would be determined as they currently are .
But then the committee would seed the six teams in each conference based on their play during a specific period , such as the final four games of the regular season .
So if a team like the Saints , which started 13 - 0 , falls apart down the stretch , they ’d be at the mercy of the committee when it comes to getting home - field advantage .
And if a team like the Colts chooses to rest starters for the postseason , they ’d risk losing the top seed to the Chargers , who finished with 11 straight wins .
And while we ’re venturing outside the box , let ’s go ahead and frolic in the poppies .
How about getting rid of playoff byes and adding two teams to the playoff field per conference , and how about letting them be true wild - card teams , added based not on total won-loss record but on how they ’re performing late in the year ?
For 2009 , for example , we ’d make the Texans and the Browns ( yes , the Browns ) the seventh and eighth seeds in the AFC playoff field , and we ’d invite the Panthers and the 49ers ( or maybe the Falcons ) to join the NFC party .
Let ’s face it — a revolutionary adjustment is needed in order to make teams that have secured a berth in the tournament sufficiently motivated to keep pushing for the highest possible seed .
This process would create such an incentive , and it also would enhance interest in the game by spawning speculation and anticipation regarding the possible seeds and wild - card teams , and considerable debate regarding the decisions that ultimately are made .
It also would keep hope alive deep into the season for all teams , making even a franchise that started the year 1 - 11 theoretically capable of turning things around and sneaking into the postseason by getting hot when the season is on the line .
Before scoffing ( if you have n’t already ) , keep in mind that , for more than 40 years , the NFL determined home - field advantage for league and conference championship games via an arbitrary rotation .
In 1972 , for example , the Steelers hosted the 15-0 Dolphins in the AFC title game .
The seeding concept came from a realization by the NFL that excellence should be rewarded via home - field advantage .
But now that the current seeding process is creating a negative impact on competitive balance and threatening the integrity of the game , the league needs to find a way to determine playoff seeding that encourages all teams to approach the latter stages of the regular season not like a second preseason , but like an early postseason .
And the encouragement needs to come not from a list of “ thou shalts ” or a draft - day nightcrawler , but from the actual thing that is causing teams to shut it down — positioning in the ultimate playoff tree .
Though we suspect that this idea has a very remote chance at ever being adopted , our broader point is that the solution needs to address the root of the problem .
Teams are laying down because a win wo n’t enhance their playoff seeding , and a loss wo n’t hurt it .
The only way to remove that mentality is to find a way to make late - season wins and losses have a potential impact on whether a team will play its postseason games at home or on the road .
Regardless of the specific device that the league uses , the NFL needs to find a way to make late - season games have a real impact on playoff seeding .
Nothing else will fix an unacceptable situation .
2. 50 percent turnover rate persists .
3. McDaniels should be on the hot seat .
4. Giants should consider firing Tom Coughlin .
5 . Colts could face an awards backlash .
6. T.J. learns the hard way not to make boasts .
7. Jets could be dangerous in postseason .
8. Pressure mounts for the Cowboys .
Modern Masters Editor Frank Kermode By Modern Masters we mean the men who
have changed and are changing the life and
thought of our age .
Everybody wants to
know who they are and what they say , but
hitherto it has often been very difficult to
find out .
This series makes it easy .
Each
volume is clear , concise and authoritative .
Nothing else can offer in such an acceptable
form , an assured grasp of these revolutionary
thinkers .
The authors are themselves
masters , and they have written their books in
the belief that general discussion of their
subjects will henceforth be more informed
and more exciting than ever before .
Frank Kermode Read on »
Telling soldiers that he expected to be a tough fight and rising casualties in 2010 , he said : " I do n't want to be in any way unclear about that .
This is what happened in Iraq during the surge and as tragic as it is , to turn this thing around , it will be a part of this surge , as well . "
A Tea Party convention billed as the coming together of the grass - roots groups that began sprouting up around the country a year ago is unraveling as sponsors and participants pull out to protest its expense and express concerns about “ profiteering . ”
The convention ’s difficulties highlight the fractiousness of the Tea Party groups , and the considerable suspicions among their members of anything that suggests the establishment .
The convention , to be held in Nashville in early February , made a splash by attracting big - name politicians .
( Former Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska is scheduled to deliver the keynote speech . )
But some groups have criticized the cost  $ 549 per ticket and a $ 9.95 fee , plus hotel and airfare  as out of reach for the average tea partier .
And they have balked at Ms. Palin ’s speaking fee , which news reports have put at $ 100,000 , a figure that organizers will not confirm or deny .
Tea Party events exploded last winter , as increasingly large gatherings protested the federal stimulus bill , government bailouts and proposed health care legislation .
While they vary by name , specific tenets and relative embrace of anarchy , such groups tend to unite around fiscal conservatism and a belief that the federal government  whether led by Republicans or Democrats  has overstepped its constitutional powers .
( CNN ) -- Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has been diagnosed with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma , more than 25 years after he was treated for Hodgkin 's disease , a spokesman at his company Vulcan Inc. told CNN on Monday .
Allen , 56 , " received the diagnosis early this month and has begun chemotherapy , " Vulcan CEO Jody Allen said in a memo to Vulcan employees .
The memo was posted Monday evening on CNET 's news site .
" Doctors say he has diffuse large B - cell lymphoma , a relatively common form of lymphoma , " Jody Allen , who is Paul Allen 's sister , said in the memo .
" This is tough news for Paul and the family .
But for those who know Paul 's story , you know he beat Hodgkin 's a little more than 25 years ago , and he is optimistic he can beat this , too . "
The memo said Paul Allen is feeling OK , is still working and " has no plans to change his role at Vulcan , " which is based in Seattle , Washington .
Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma , like the less - common Hodgkin 's disease , is a cancer of the lymphatic system .
Hodgkin 's lymphoma is distinguished from the other by the presence of a certain type of cell .
Allen , who co-founded Microsoft with Bill Gates in the mid-1970s , was that company 's chief technologist until he left the company in 1983 , the year he was treated for Hodgkin 's lymphoma , according to the Web site for his Paul G. Allen Family Foundations .
In September , Allen ranked 17th in the Forbes 400 list of richest Americans .
His net worth was $ 11.5 billion , according to Forbes magazine .
Among Allen 's business interests are the professional sports teams he owns , the NFL's Seattle Seahawks and the NBA 's Portland Trail Blazers .
He also is part owner of Major League Soccer 's Seattle Sounders FC .
CNN 's Katy Byron contributed to this report .
More Cordyceps news
( Natural News )
For thousands of years , the mushroom known as Cordyceps has been used in traditional Chinese medicine to treat problems ranging from coughs and fatigue to impotence and cancer .
And once Western scientists started considering that anecdotal reports of the mushroom 's curative powers might be something more than " folk tales " , research started accumulating that backs up many ancient claims about Cordyceps ' health benefits .
For example , scientists from the University of Nottingham in Great Britain say they 've documented how Cordiceps can fight cancer -- and the new discovery could increase the effectiveness of mushroom - derived cancer treatments .
For the study , published in the , Dr. Cornelia de Moor of the University of Nottingham and her colleagues investigated a drug called cordycepin , which was originally extracted from wild growing Cordyceps and is now prepared from a cultivated form of the mushroom .
" Because of technical obstacles and people moving on to other subjects , it 's taken a long time to figure out exactly how cordycepin works on cells .
With this knowledge , it will be possible to predict what types of cancers might be sensitive and what other cancer drugs it may effectively combine with .
It could also lay the groundwork for the design of new cancer drugs that work on the same principle , " Dr. de Moor said in a statement to the media .
The University of Nottingham scientists found that the Cordyceps - derived treatment has two important effects on cells that could impact the growth of malignant tumors .
At low doses , cordycepin inhibits the uncontrolled growth and division of cells while at high doses it prevents cells from sticking together , essentially blocking the cells from growing .
The research team concluded that each of these effects most likely is the result of a single underlying mechanism -- cordycepin interferes with how cells make proteins .
Specifically , low doses of the mushroom - derived treatment interfere with the production of mRNA ( the molecule that directs cells to assemble a protein ) and at higher doses cordycepin directly interacts with the making of proteins .
" Our discovery will open up the possibility of investigating the range of different cancers that could be treated with cordycepin , " Dr de Moor stated .
" We have also developed a very effective method that can be used to test new , more efficient or more stable versions of the drug in the Petri dish .
This is a great advantage as it will allow us to rule out any non-runners before anyone considers testing them in animals .
" Scientists at Dalhousie University in Halifax , Nova Scotia , published research in the November 30th edition of the journalshowing that oral Cordyceps can reduce the occurrence of cancer spreading to the lungs in metastatic breast cancer .
Although the researchers found that Cordyceps does not reduce the growth of the primary breast tumor , they noted that deaths from breast cancer are primarily due to the development of metastases .
That means a treatment that stops the spread of metastatic tumors could save countless lives .
Although various medical therapies currently exist that attempt to stop the growth of cancerous metastatic tumors , they have little effect -- so this makes the Dalhousie University research into Cordyceps very important .
The Canadian researchers stated the evidence they have so far suggests that the mushroom reduces the growth of metastases due to Cordyceps ' effects on the tumors ' cell cycles .
It ’s that time of year again .
Yes , I ’m talking about holiday season , when we all join together and recreate the timeless materialistic ritual of shopping .
Some of us try and take it in the true spirit of giving , but if you ’ve turned on a TV lately then you know that ’tis the season is really all about our culture ’s obsessive wanting .
“ Wanting ” is a word with multiple definitions , and in America , we ’re guilty of them all .
As I think about what to get people this year , I find myself wishing that I could truly give , but if I give something that serves only to worsen a pathology , then I ’ve hardly given in any meaningful sense , have I ?
Would you consider giving a bottle of Wild Turkey to an alcoholic ?
That ’s about how I feel as the number of shopping days until Xmas dwindles .
I ’m not talking about everybody I know , but feel free to recall that I recently read Affluenza and infer that there are some problem spots on my list .
So I ’ve decided that this year I ’m going to pass out some gifts that genuinely make the world a better place .
Specifically , I call your attention to Heifer International , an organization that lets you donate livestock to families and communities in the developing world .
Maybe a goat or a sheep , perhaps a flock of chicks or geese , or even some trees ( or bees ) – all of which can help make an actual difference for people who have precious little of material value .
$ 100 , given in the name of a friend or family member , can potentially change a life .
$ 100 for another disposable gadget from Best Buy ?
Forgotten before the New Year arrives .
If you , like me , are thinking about the hollowness of what the holidays have become , I encourage you to check out Heifer.org .
In the next few days some of my S&R colleagues will be along with their own recommendations for gifts that make a difference , and I encourage you to share you own ideas in the comment thread below .
Welcome and Announcements
All the latest news and updates from The Southwest Airlines Community Team .
Last Message : 08-13-2020
Reservations
Tips on everything from booking a reservation to changing it without a fee or canceling .
Last Message : 2 hours ago
Check - In & Boarding Learn and discuss the quirks of our unique check - in , boarding , and open - seating policies .
Last Message : Thursday
Travel Policies
Share your knowledge and learn from others about Southwest 's travel policies .
Last Message : 2 hours ago
Inflight Experience Let ’s talk WiFi , gate - to - gate entertainment , and the overall Inflight experience here .
Last Message : yesterday
Rapid Rewards ® Learn how to earn and redeem Rapid Rewards points by flying or using our credit card .
Last Message : 4 hours ago
Routes & Destinations Questions about our route schedules and travel inspiration for your next getaway .
Last Message : yesterday
Scientists investigating the spread of antibiotic - resistant superbugs have gone the extra mile for their research -- all the way to the Arctic .
Researchers writing in the open access journal BMC Microbiology found little sign of the microbes in the droppings of polar bears that have had limited or no contact with humans , suggesting that the spread of antibiotic resistance genes seen in other animals may be the result of human influence .
Trine Glad , from the University of Tromsø , Norway , led a study that examined feces samples from five polar bears and rectal swabs from another five polar bears between 2004 and 2006 .
She said , " The presence of antibiotic resistance genes has previously been described in bacteria taken from the feces of deer , foxes , pigs , dogs and cats .
The Barents Sea population of polar bears is located in an area that is sparsely populated by humans .
This enables us to study an ecosystem with little human impact and should allow us to determine whether these genes are naturally occurring or are caused by exposure to human antibiotics . "
The researchers found that there was scant evidence of antibiotic resistance genes in the bacteria taken from these isolated bears .
Overall , the bacterial diversity in the bears ' feces was low .
Speaking about these results , Glad said " Our analysis of polar bear feces showed a homogenous microbial flora dominated by Clostridia , most of them well characterized as they are also dominant in the human gut .
These findings fit nicely with previous studies of the gut microbial ecology in mammals , indicating that bacterial diversity is lower in carnivores , such as polar bears that feed mostly on seals , than herbivores . "
For over three decades , Ray 's Candy Store [ MySpace ] , the burger , shake , etc. joint , has occupied a hole - in - the - wall on Avenue A across the street from Tompkins Square Park .
As you may recall , the past year has been extremely tough on elderly owner Ray Alvarez , who 's got health problems , has fallen behind on his rent , and had to deal with Muslim fundamentalists shaking him down for free coffee .
Today Neither More Nor Less reports that one of the last vestiges of the old Alphabet City is on the verge of closing .
" According to Ray at 10 PM tonight the managing agent of his building — accompanied by her bodyguard — informed him that he has until Friday to pay the 2 months rent that he owes , " writes Bob Arihood .
" The agent noted that the next time she comes to the store she will have a chain and padlocks to close the store . "
One commenter wonders , " Where 's George Bailey when you need him ? "
But if you 'll recall , it was the concerned citizens of Bedford Falls who saved George Bailey .
Where are all the anti-wine bar protesters now to save Ray from the yuppie scum ?
This town needs Ray 's hole - in - the - wall institution if only to have one place where people can go without crawling to Potter !
Maitreya 's emergence into public work Maitreya 's TV interviews
and the Day of Declaration Benjamin Creme explains the process of Maitreya ’s emergence , from His initial television interviews in various countries ( not announced as Maitreya ) , to the Day of Declaration , when He will appear openly to the whole world , via the world 's linked television networks .
From an interview recorded in April 2002 .
( duration 08:06 )
Maitreya steps forward —
His open mission has begun
The way prepared by His Herald the ‘ star ’ , Maitreya , the World Teacher , has given His first interview on American television .
Benjamin Creme announced at his public lecture in London , 14 January 2010 , that Maitreya 's interview had taken place .
( duration 06:34 )
Maitreya the World Teacher is here Excerpts from a public lecture by Benjamin Creme , London , 9 December 2009
( duration 08:30 )
The Son of Man
In this video , recorded in December 2008 , Benjamin Creme reads an article by his Master , titled ' The Son of Man ' .
The article , published in the June 1984 edition of Share International magazine , begins :
" Many people await the return of the Christ with trepidation and fear .
They sense that His appearance will promote great changes in all departments of life .
His values , they rightly assume , will necessarily alter their ways of thinking and living and they blanch at such a prospect .
Besides , so mystical has been the view of the Christ presented down the centuries by the churches , that many fear His judgement and omnipotent power ; they await Him as God come to punish the wicked and reward the faithful .
It is sadly to be regretted that such a distorted vision of the Christ should so have permeated human consciousness .
No such being exists .
In order to understand the true nature of the Christ it is necessary to see Him as one among equal Sons of God , each endowed with full divine potential , differing only in the degree of manifestation of that divinity .... " ( full text here )
( duration 06:14 )
Stargate writer and consulting producer for SGU Joseph Mallozzi took to his blog asking the Gaters for input while he 's scribbling away on the new season .
Here 's your chance to tell them to throw the stones out the airlock .
Advertisement
Mallozzi's blog asked his readers 5 questions about the NEW SGU series .
Remember we still have n't seen the second half of season one .
But that should n't stop you from voicing your opinion about the crew aboard the Destiny .
So , as we prep for the show 's second season – and keeping in mind you have n't seen the more action - oriented back half of season one – I 'd like to know : 1 . Which character would you like to see explored more ?
2 . What aspect of the show would you like to see exploited more ?
3 . What aspect of the show would prefer to see minimized ?
4 . What was your favorite " story moment " from the first half of SGU 's first season ?
5 . What element ( I 'm leaving this one wide open ) would you like to see added to the series as a whole ?
Advertisement
Here 's our stab at it :
1. TJ .
We know she learned to " stitch up " people from her family and that she had an affair with Young , but we do n't really know why she does anything .
We 'd love to see this character fleshed out , without using the stones .
TJ seems like she could be a truly fascinating character .
I 'd really like to know more about her motivations and personality .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
2. The Destiny !
It 's a giant spaceship and we love spaceships , so more spaceship exploration please .
Right now , all we have seen that helps build the world on this ship is the knowledge chair , the gate room and observation deck , the mist shower and the recharger thingamajiggy .
We want to see more , and it does n't have to be big .
The SGU crew is living on an ancient alien space ship — that alone is exciting .
What do the beds look like ?
What are the mattresses made of ?
How are they cleaning their clothes ?
Are people trying to personalize their rooms ?
What do the bathrooms look — like is it a Demolition Man 3 seashell moment , or an Earth toilet ?
Right now , the Destiny just feels like a long , dark and confusing hallway , we 'd love to see that fleshed out into an actual ship with a front and a back .
Not unlike Serenity or the Galactica .
Give us a chance to get our bearings , and then let 's go exploring .
3 . Sadly , the stones .
Too much time is spent on Earth , when there 's a much more interesting spaceship that needs explaining .
There 's no reason the drama that is revealed on Earth can't happen on Destiny .
We 're not saying lose them entirely , we 'd just like to see less time spent on Earth .
Advertisement
4 . You won us back when Young dropped Rush on the last planet .
Twist !
5 . The only thing we truly want added is more character depth to the women .
Heck maybe a more few alien run-ins , but we know you already have that planned .
Advertisement
Now it 's your turn .
What would you like to see more of ( and less of ) on SGU ?
A Pajiba Special Report : Should You Give Up Cable Television ?
By Dustin Rowles | Lists | January 22 , 2010 |
Cable television is expensive , and the rates continue to rise .
For a lot of folks , cable television costs as much or more than your average electric bill .
I ’m a DirectTV subscriber , and I believe I pay somewhere in the range of $ 130 a month , a price that includes HBO and Showtime plus the leasing charges for a couple of HD DVRs ( honestly , why ca n’t we just buy the HD DVRs , instead of paying a monthly fee to use them ? ) .
I watch a lot of television , though — it ’s part of the job description , but even I often wonder if there ’s a less expensive ( and legal ) way to get the same amount of television for a lower price .
A few weeks ago , Time Warner nearly lost Fox when the network asked the cable provider to pony up some extra fees for the rights to broadcast the station .
This will probably be a future trend , and why should n’t it be ?
Cable channels not only get advertising revenue , but an additional revenue stream from cable providers .
Networks , especially now that DVRs are squeezing out advertising revenue , ought to be afforded that same income stream .
Additional revenue , one would imagine , would help the networks pay for higher - quality programming .
At any rate , I suspect at some point — particularly now that so many people are purchasing television shows on iTunes and watching streaming video on sites like Hulu — that the model will move eventually toward a la carte , which is something we ’re all clamoring for .
Why should we pay for 115 cable channels when we only watch ten of them ?
And once our televisions and our computer monitors are more or less merged into one Internet Television , I get the sense that we ’ll actually be able to subscribe to specific channels , including the networks , for an a la carte fee .
But until then , we ’re stuck with the existing model .
But how do we beat the system ?
Most of the younger generation and a lot of those older have already figured this out , but for others , it helps to see the evidence in print .
So , for my own edification and to illustrate a point , I thought I ’d try a math experiment .
Is cable television worth what I ’m paying for it ?
Currently , I believe , you can watch any network television program you want , for free , online , or you can pony up somewhere on average of $ 30 ( for a 10 - 13 episode season ) or $ 60 ( for a 20 to 24 episode season ) on iTunes .
Now , let ’s assume that the average television viewer ’s cable bill is $ 100 a month , or $ 1200 a year .
Let ’s also assume that you do n’t watch sports ( a big assumption for many of you ) .
Now , what I want to learn from this experiment is , for me ( which you can extrapolate for your own television - watching situation ) , would it be more cost effective to subscribe to cable in its current incarnation or purchase television programs on iTunes .
At the outset , I assume , for me , that it will be less expensive to subscribe to cable , but I welcome all of you to do your own math and decide which format is cheaper based on what shows you watch .
A caveat : I ’m only including shows that I ’d be willing to pay for , and not those that I watch because they ’re free .
I ’m also only including shows currently on the air ( or in between seasons ) .
And let ’s assume for the sake of this exercise that I do n’t want to watch streaming commercials , so I ’d prefer to purchase the program on iTunes .
Let ’s break this down by network :
NBC : “ Chuck ” ( $ 60 ) , “ Friday Night Lights ” ( $ 30 ) , “ The Office , ” ( $ 60 ) , “ Community ” ( $ 60 ) , “ 30 Rock ” ( $ 60 )
Total Costs : $ 270
ABC : “ Modern Family ” ( $ 60 ) , “ Scrubs ” ( $ 30 ) , “ Better off Ted ” ( $ 30 ) , “ Castle ” ( $ 60 ) .
Total Costs : $ 180
CBS : “ The Good Wife ” ( $ 60 ) , “ The Amazing Race ” ( $ 60 ) , “ Survivor ” ( $ 60 ) .
Total Costs : $ 180
Fox : Nothing .
CW : Nothing
F/X : “ Damages ” ( $ 30 ) , “ Sons of Anarchy ” ( $ 30 ) ,
Total Costs : $ 60
Bravo : “ Top Chef ” ( $ 30 )
Total Costs : $ 30
HBO : Eastbound and Down ” ( $ 30 ) , “ Big Love ” ( $ 30 )
Total Costs : $ 60
Showtime : “ Dexter ” ( $ 30 )
Total Costs : $ 30
TNT : Nothing
TBS : Nothing
The USA Network : “ Psych ” ( $ 30 ) , “ Burn Notice ” ( $ 30 )
Total Costs : $ 60
AMC : “ Mad Men ” ( $ 30 ) , “ Breaking Bad ” ( $ 30 )
Total Costs : $ 60
Total Television Watching Costs : $ 930
Wow .
That is not what I ’d have imagined , and it ’s actually fairly telling .
If I purchased all the shows that I regularly watch , I ’d only spend $ 930 , which is $ 600 less than I normally spend per year for cable .
And , for $ 600 less , I ’d have complete portability — I could watch the show on my iPhone , on my desktop , or on my laptop .
( Again :
This does n’t , of course , take into account late night shows or sporting events , which I also watch ) .
Now , if I decided that I wanted to watch streaming television , in which case all the network primetime and late - night programming is free , I ’d only be paying roughly $ 270 a year to watch everything I currently watch ( or at least , the important shows ) .
For me , that ’s a total savings of around $ 1200 a year .
In essence , what this experiment is telling me is that I should give up cable television .
Will I ?
Well , no .
I need it for my job .
But what about you ?
Have you stopped and done a cost analysis of your television watching to see what ’s more inexpensive ?
If you could save $ 400 or $ 500 or even $ 1000 a year , would you give up the ability basically to flip through channels to watch shows you ’re not that invested in ?
You ’d not only be paying significantly less money , but you ’d force yourself to give up watching a lot of unnecessary television .
Cable television — and the thousands of hours of filler programming — is creating coach potatoes out of so many of us , and we ’re paying for that right .
Just think , folks .
You do n’t even have to give up your fancy new 42 - inch HD television .
You can buy a simple cable ( S - Video , VGA , HDMI , DVI , depending on your computer or television ) and watch those shows on your big- screen TeeVee .
Most of the programs are already in HD , too , so you wo n’t even be giving up that .
Moreover , you wo n’t need to buy our lease a DVR because you can watch television programs on your computer at any time ( with the ability to pause ) — most network shows are available for up to the last two to five weeks of episodes ( in some cases , even more ) , and if you ’re not watching a show within the first five weeks of its air date , then maybe you ’re not that invested in it , after all .
Lookit : I ’m not telling most of you anything you do n’t already know , but I know some of you have never stopped to do the math ( I had not until today ) .
You do n’t have to be a slave to your cable provider .
And the best part is :
This is perfectly legal .
In fact , You ’d be doing even more to support your favorite shows — the streaming shows come with commercials ( though , far fewer than on regular television ) and , of course , they ’d get a share of the money from purchase on iTunes .
And if you need cable for sporting events — fuck it .
Go to a bar — use that money you usually spend on cable to buy beer .
Support your local watering hole instead of Comcast or Time Warner .
It ’s a win-win !
So , do it !
Give up your cable television .
You know the cable guy who never shows up on time and wastes half your day ?
Screw him .
Those taxes and fees that cable providers add to your monthly bill ?
Fuck it .
The countless hours you flip through channels only to settle on some shitty reality show on E !
Give it up .
Do you really need to see that latest Lifetime movie of the week ?
Read a book .
Surf the web .
Watch a movie .
More money .
More time .
Less hassle .
Dustin is the founder and co-owner of Pajiba .
You may email him here , follow him on Twitter , or listen to his weekly TV podcast , Podjiba .
Ever wonder what exactly goes on behind the scenes when you apply for a job ?
While the recruiting process varies by industry , company and even department , the end result is the same :
One person out of many receives an offer .
Indeed , last month there were 6.4 unemployed persons for every job opening , according to the Labor Department .
For those who are n't hired , understanding what happened to their candidacy along the way can be a mystery .
Not every firm notifies applicants that they have been rejected , and few say why .
But knowing what goes on in the hiring process may give prospects the inside track for a job .
Bruce Macpherson
Many employers start filling vacancies below the executive level by using a team of recruiters or human - resources personnel to weed out applications that fail to meet a job 's basic qualifications .
" They should only be removing candidates who are a clear miss , " says Peter Leech , chief marketing officer for Onlineshoes.com , a small Seattle e-commerce company .
How this is done , the time it takes , and the number of applicants selected to go on to the next step varies , but there are some patterns .
Some screeners eyeball every submission that comes in , while others search for certain keywords among applications .
Likewise , there are screeners who consider cover letters in their evaluations and those who ignore them .
Career experts suggest erring on the side of caution .
Submit a carefully written cover letter and insert keywords — must - have qualifications usually found in the job posting — with every application .
Job hunters should expect to wait anywhere from a few days to several weeks before receiving a response to an application , if at all .
A recent survey of 56 companies with at least 500 employees found that just 27 % have a formal process to decline every external candidate they consider for an opening , reports CareerXroads , a human - resources consulting firm in Princeton , N.J .
If you 're worried that your application never arrived , wait five days and call the employer to ask for confirmation , suggests J.T. O'Donnell , a career strategist in North Hampton , N.H. Express humility and appreciation since it is likely that several other job hunters have made the same inquiry , she adds .
Use the opportunity to inquire if there are any time frames as to when candidates might hear if they were selected for an interview , she adds .
General Mills Inc. sends email confirmations only to job hunters who complete an online application for a specific opening at the Minneapolis - based company , says Stephanie Lilak , vice president , chief staffing officer .
What 's more , recruiters will only review applications that show a person meets a job 's basic qualifications , based on screening questions , she says .
One common exception many firms make : A job hunter who is referred by an employee or other trusted source .
A referred candidate may be given immediate attention , potentially speeding them to the interview stage .
Michelle Vasquez , 43 , says she landed a phone interview for a senior marketing job last month thanks to a referral from a friend of the hiring manager .
Ms. Vasquez , who has been out of work for the past year and a half , was later invited to interview with several of the company 's senior managers , though she later found out she did n't get the job .
" I did n't have to fill out an online application , " she says .
" I went straight into the interview pool . "
The next step is often to have human - resources staff , hiring managers — or both — narrow down applicants to those whose skills and work histories closely match the job description .
If they are unsure , they might reach out by email or phone to learn more .
In the end , they will typically have a list of candidates , usually no more than 20 , to interview .
However , as new applications come in , it is possible that the list will grow , especially if several of those initially selected fail to pass the next round , which is usually a phone interview .
Often human - resources personnel , but occasionally hiring managers , will first interview candidates over the phone to save time and cut costs associated with on - site visits .
Those calls last anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour or more .
In general , the purpose of the phone interview is to make sure candidates understand the job and that it lines up with their salary expectations , says Jo - Ann Gastin , senior vice president , human resources , for Lockton Cos. LLC , an insurance brokerage firm in Kansas City , Mo .
If it does n't , " there 's no point in going any further , " she says , though on rare occasions exceptions may be made for candidates who name salaries above the maximum for a job .
" They 'd have to wow us , " she says .
Phone interviews may be used to get deeper information about a candidate 's background to help determine if the person is a strong fit .
Candidates also may be evaluated on their communication skills .
In Ms. Gastin 's case , " We look to see if they can establish rapport on the phone because we are a customer - service company , " she says .
Sometimes hiring managers will reach out to candidates for a second call before scheduling an on - site meeting to dig deeper .
And some firms require candidates to complete personality or competency tests benchmarked according to what an employer considers to be key traits for success in a particular role and are therefore difficult to game .
Candidates who do n't cut it are typically informed within a day or two .
Some firms do bring candidates in for face - to - face meetings right after reviewing their applications .
Among them is Boston Consulting Group , which mostly hires upcoming college and advanced - degree graduates , says Mel Wolfgang , partner and head of Americas recruiting .
The firm assigns teams of up to three recruiters to assess applicants from more than 30 U.S. schools .
" We look for well - rounded individuals whose interests and life experiences suggest that they would adapt well , " says Mr. Wolfgang .
" We look for evidence that they have led and been empathic with a team or challenging situations . "
Up to six applicants are typically granted first - round interviews per opening , which involve meeting with two company consultants for about 40 minutes each .
Of these , about half go on to second - round interviews with up to four company partners .
During the meetings , candidates are asked about their work history , career goals and other relevant topics , plus they are expected to participate in role - playing exercises .
" You spend a significant time discussing a business problem that the interviewer has actually worked on , " says Mr. Wolfgang , adding that client names and other details are kept anonymous .
" It 's a way to explore how you would approach a similar problem . "
At most firms , once interviews are done , hiring managers will convene with colleagues who met the finalists to get their opinions on who should get an offer .
" But in the end , it 's still the hiring manager 's call , " says Mr. Leech of Onlineshoes.com .
That decision often comes down to fit and level of enthusiasm .
" You 're making sure that you pick someone who is pumped up about the role , " he says .
Write to Sarah E. Needleman at sarah.needleman@wsj.com
70 Percentage of global freshwater use that is devoted to irrigation .
Industry soaks up 22 percent , and the remainder goes to households .
About 20 percent of all cropland worldwide is irrigated ; that land yields 40 percent of the world ’s food supply .
528 Minimum amount of water , in gallons , required to produce a day ’s worth of food for one person , according to United Nations estimates .
One pound of rice takes about 240 gallons of water ; 1,680 gallons go into creating one pound of grain - fed beef .
4.4 billion Amount of human waste , in pounds , entering global watercourses each day , according to the U.N. ’s World Water Assessment Programme .
In developing countries , 70 percent of industrial waste is dumped into the water supply with no treatment .
2 million Number of child deaths worldwide caused by diarrhea each year , as estimated by the World Health Organization .
Of those deaths , 88 percent are due to lack of sanitation facilities and insufficient clean water for drinking and hygiene .
5.3x10^16
The total amount of freshwater on earth , in gallons , that can be used by humans and ecosystems , according to the U.N. ’s Environment Programme .
This represents just 0.01 percent of all water on the planet .
Some 97 percent of available freshwater is underground , but in many parts of the world ( including the United States as a whole ) , groundwater is being depleted as we consume freshwater more quickly than it is replenished .
50 Projected percentage increase in water use in developing countries by 2025 .
Water use has grown twice as fast as population over the past century .
Fresh on the heels of a Dutch investigation into the conflicts of interest of their chief influenza advisor and the bombshell announcement that the Council of Europe will be probing their role in creating and sustaining panic over the recent H1N1 outbreak in order to sell vaccines for Big Pharma , the World Health Organization is now considering " innovative " proposals for raising additional revenues , including levying a global tax on internet activity .
The startling revelation comes in a report submitted by an Expert Working Group ahead of the biannual meeting of the WHO 's Executive Board .
Tasked with finding a financial mechanism for funding the WHO 's mandate of transfering health technologies to the developing world , the team of bureaucrats and medical researchers have spent the past 14 months developing a variety of suggestions , including :
- A digital tax : " Internet traffic is huge and likely to increase rapidly ; this tax could yield tens of billions of US dollars from a broad base of users . "
- A financial transaction tax : " Brazil 's financial transaction tax " [...] set at 0.38 % levied on paying bills online and major withdrawals , it was raising an estimate [ sic ] US$ 20 billion per year and funding some 87 % of the Government 's key social protection programme , Bolsa Familia , before it was voted down . "
- An arms trade tax : " a 10 % tax on the arms trade market , which might net about US$ 5 billion per annum . "
The funds raised from such schemes — ranging into the tens of billions of dollars depending on which plans are enacted — would be ostensibly used to aid in the transfer of medical technologies to the developing world so that local research , development and production of medicines can be ramped up .
It is argued that this is needed to fill the gap left by pharmaceutical companies who have no motivation to produce medicines for areas of the world that can't afford to pay for them .
Additionally , local research and development would allow for the incorporation of local ingredients and traditional medicines in different parts of the globe .
Although these aims are laudable on the surface , such platitudes obscure the underlying reality that the WHO 's plans would amount to nothing more than the latest attempt by the UN to set the precedent for a global tax to fund their stated goal of establishing global governmental structures .
On top of that , the WHO itself has recently been exposed as little more than a vehicle for Big Pharma - connected fraudsters to line their own pockets .
Add to that the fact that the WHO and other UN - affiliated agencies have been caught sterilizing women without their knowledge or consent in country after country and it quickly becomes apparent that these are no ordinary taxation proposals by misguided do - gooders .
On the contrary , these measures if enacted could signal the birth of a UN - administered global eugenics body .
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW
Global Tax and Global Government
Although it has received almost no attention in the establishment media ( with the notable exception of George Russell 's Fox News article which broke the story and leaked the report ) , the fact that the WHO is seiously considering a global tax to fund its global aspirations is an incredible admission for the global health arm of the United Nations to make .
Coming as it does on the heels of call after call for global taxation by the UN and the subsequent attempt to introduce such measures at the UN - led climate change conference in Copenhagen last month , this new proposal can be seen as only the latest move toward establishing a funding mechanism for a UN - led global governmental institution .
At this point , the UN does not have the authority to unilaterally levy direct taxes on its members , but such schemes can be ' voluntarily ' implemented by the coordinated action of individual member states .
In fact , this technique has already been used to fund UNITAID , a WHO program set up in 2006 to combat AIDS , malaria and TB .
As the WHO 's report explains in glowing terms , the program has already raised $ 1 billion dollars from an airline tax that has been voluntarily levied in 13 countries .
For some time now , anyone who buys a plane ticket in Brazil , Britain , France or any of 10 other countries has unknowingly supported a UN - administered global health program .
Regardless of what one thinks of the humanitarian intentions that are supposedly behind such schemes ( more on that later ) , the danger of ceding national sovereignty over health issues to an unaccountable , non-democratic UN - led organization should be self - evident .
As Lord Monckton pointed out in the run-up to the climate change conference in Copenhagen , the draft text of the UNFCCC proposal included talk of setting up a system of global governance to administer the proposed carbon trading scheme , but notably omitted any mention of a vote , ballot , election or any other pretence of democracy in the proposed governmental institution .
With bodies like the WTO , WHO , IMF and World Bank already wielding incredible authority over the lives of people around the world , giving these bodies greater and greater power to expand their global agendas without transparency , democracy or accountability is a formula for global tyranny .
Defenders of the UN will no doubt argue that the humanitarian intentions of the WHO programs and the reputation of the WHO itself should assuage any fears that these taxes would be misappropriated or misplaced .
The facts , however , do not support this reasoning on either count .
Swine Flu Panic Exposes WHO Conflicts of Interest
Just as the WHO is gearing up to lobby for a global tax in support of its activities , the global health body is being rocked by an investigation into how its top officials and advisors deliberately exaggerated the H1N1 threat in order to sell vaccines for the pharmaceutical industry .
The Council of Europe has launched an official inquiry into the scandal , with the President of the Council 's Health Committee , Wolfgang Wodarg , saying he is " certain " that corruption " does exist " in the organization .
Describing the vaccine manufacturers like Novartis , GlaxoSmithKline and Baxter Vaccines who made billions of dollars off of the contracts that ensued from the WHO 's declaration of an " emergency pandemic " last June , Wodarg noted that " These large firms have ' their people ' in the cogs and then they pull strings so that the right policy decisions are taken . "
He cites Klaus Stohr , a top executive at Novartis who was formerly a WHO official in charge of pandemic preparedness plans , as an example of the conflicts of interest and tangled relations between the WHO and Big Pharma .
" Dr. Flu " Albert Osterhaus - connected to Big Pharma and advising the WHO
In a painstakingly researched article from December 2009 , F. William Engdahl identified Albert Osterhaus , the so - called " Dr. Flu " who was the WHO 's chief influenza advisor , as another key individual in the scam .
Ostershaus is chairman of the European Scientific Working Group on Influenza , an advisory group financed by Novartis , Hoffman - La Roche , GlaxoSmithKline , Baxter Vaccines , Sanofi Pasteur and other companies that were estimated to have made as much as 8 billion Euros in profit from the WHO 's declaration of pandemic emergency .
Osterhaus was also a member of the WHO 's scientific advisory group , SAGE , which advocated that a pandemic emergency be declared despite this bout of H1N1 being potentially the mildest influenza outbreak in recorded history .
The Council of Europe investigation follows a Dutch parliamentary investigation of Osterhaus that resulted in new legislation requiring scientific advisors to disclose their financial ties to companies .
It also follows calls by Russian parliamentarians for " an international commission of inquiry " into the scandal .
As Wodarg noted , international institutions like the WHO " are now discredited , because millions of people have been vaccinated with products with inherent possible health risks .
This was not necessary .
It has also led to a considerable mismanagement of public money . "
To give the WHO a global tax revenue stream while it is being investigated for one of the largest public health frauds in history would be absurd .
But to do so in the belief that the WHO 's programs are benevolent and humanitarian would be worse than absurd .
It would be potentially genocidal .
UN ' Humanitarian Aid ' and the Eugenics Agenda
At almost the precise moment when the WHO global taxation ambition was exposed , reports began to emerge that a ' humanitarian ' program administered by another UN organization , UNICEF , had failed .
Remarkably , a review of the program — which was intended to provide basic supplies and humanitarian aid to African children — found that children who were receiving the UN aid actually died at higher rates than children who received no aid at all .
Although the UNICEF program may seem like an isolated example of the failure of a humanitarian project , the UN as a whole is replete with examples of supposedly benevolent programs causing disorder , unrest , and even death .
UN peacekeepers have become renowned the world over for their corruption , with child abuse , rape , human trafficking and torture becoming ( even by the UN's own admissions ) a systemic problem .
UN administered programs to provide women in Botswana with infant formula have led to widespread infant death and UN run tests of anti-AIDS gels actually increased the likelihood of participants contracting AIDS .
An examination of various WHO vaccination programs uncovers an even bleaker reality .
The WHO has been actively engaged in seeking effective contraceptive vaccines for decades .
In 1988 they published the results of a Phase I trial of a birth control vaccine in the prestigious medical journal The Lancet .
This vaccine worked by causing the immune system of those injected to develop antibodies against human chorionic gonadotropin ( hCG ) , a hormone produced in a woman 's body that is necessary for the maintenance of a pregnancy .
In effect , women who are vaccinated in this way have their immune systems primed to perform a spontaneous abortion .
In 1996 , the Philippine Medical Association concluded that tetanus vaccines administered as a part of a WHO vaccination program in that country contained hCG .
Women who had taken the vaccine and suffered miscarriage shortly thereafter were found to have had the hCG anti-bodies .
That the hCG could have accidentally ended up in the tetanus vaccines is almost unthinkable , especially since tetanus toxoids in particular have been known as ideal carriers for the hormone since at least 1980 .
In 2004 , independent testing of a polio vaccine being administered by UNICEF found sterilizing agents had been added to those vaccines as well .
In Thailand , the tetanus vaccine is routinely administered to women during pregnancy , often resulting in spontaneous abortions .
The widespread prevalance of similar problems in completely unrelated batches of vaccine produced in different laboratories in different parts of the globe in different years suggest that this pattern is not explicable as mere accident or negligence , but malicious forethought .
The fact that many of the key United Nations agencies from the Population Division ( Frank Notestein ) to UNESCO ( Julian Huxley ) were set up and directed by card carrying members ( and presidents ) of eugenics societies should give an indication as to the true purpose and intentions of the UN " Humanitarian Aid " programs .
Conclusion
The recent WHO proposal , although shocking , is unlikely to become a reality in the near future , especially given the pending investigations into the organization 's role in the H1N1 pandemic scam .
What is more worrying is that these very " innovative " financing ideas — from internet taxes to financial transaction taxes , airline taxes , carbon taxes and others — that supposedly took the expert working group 14 months to compile have in fact been making their rounds at the UN for at least a decade .
Whether or not they are implemented immediately or by a slow process of transformation , it seems the agenda of implementing global taxes for the funding of nascent global governmental bodies is not likely to abate until the UN is abolished or their demands are met .
In order to counteract these proposals , they must first be exposed for what they are : attempts to sneak non-accountable , non-democratic global governance structures in the back door by establishing indirect taxation mechanisms for funding them .
In order to expose the agenda and what is really at stake , everyone must do their part in spreading the information about the UN and its programs to de-legitimize the process long before such taxes can be enacted by sovereign governments .
Related works from The Corbett Report :
New World Next Week 2010/01/14 ( video )
The UN Does n't Love You ( podcast episode )
NBC has given Conan O'Brien the option to either do his show from midnight to 1 or leave the network , sources tell TMZ .
As TMZ first reported , after the Olympics , Jay Leno will get his 11:30 PM time period back .
We 're told network execs have told Conan they will let him decide if he wants the midnight to 1:00 AM time slot .
If he does , Leno 's show will only be a half hour .
If Conan walks , Leno will get a full hour , informed sources tell TMZ .
Our sources say Conan has not decided what he wants .
We do know he 's pissed , because he was given no advanced warning this was coming .
Conan 's people told NBC they are considering the offer .
Translation : Mr. O'Brien --
I have Rupert Murdoch on line one , Stephen McPherson on line two , John Landgraf on line three , Jeff Wachtel on line four ...
We 're told if Conan gets another offer , even though NBC could block the move , they will let him go and give Leno the full hour .
Stay tuned ...
Ms. Chen examined several hundred arrangements over the next few weeks , and , she said , “ there happened to be several that stood out as very dense . ”
Her best packing easily eclipsed what Dr. Conway and Dr. Torquato had found , with a packing density of almost 78 percent , surpassing spheres .
Image PUZZLING
Researchers have been using Dungeons & Dragons dice to learn how to pack tetrahedrons .
The record density recently hit 85.63 percent .
Credit ... Glotzer Laboratory / University of Michigan
“ In fact , my adviser totally did not believe me , ” Ms. Chen recalled .
After making physical models of tetrahedrons and demonstrating the packing patterns , she convinced Dr. Lagarias that her packings were as dense as she had said they were , and finally published her findings a year ago .
Meanwhile , Sharon C. Glotzer , a professor of chemical engineering also at the University of Michigan , was interested to see whether the tetrahedrons might line up as liquid crystals do .
“ We got into it , because we are trying to design new materials for the Air Force that have interesting optical properties , ” she said .
Dr. Glotzer and her colleagues wrote a computer program that simulated the jostling of tetrahedrons and how they arranged themselves when pushed together .
They found not liquid crystals but complex quasicrystal structures with patterns almost repeated yet not quite .
“ That is the most astonishing crazy thing , ” Dr. Glotzer said .
Examining the quasicrystals , they did find a periodic structure that represented another leap in packing density : over 85 percent .
Just as that finding was prepared for publication last month in the journal Nature , a group at Cornell , using a different search method , found yet another packing that was just as dense .
But while Dr. Glotzer ’s structure was surprisingly complex  the repeat pattern consists of 82 tetrahedrons  the Cornell crystal was surprisingly simple , with just four .
It is also puzzling to researchers why the tetrahedrons in Dr. Glotzer ’s simulations tend to the complex quasicrystal structures if the best packing is actually a much simpler structure .
“ That ’s part of what ’s so surprising about this , ” said Dr. Cohn , of Microsoft Research .
“ Each of these packings feels very different . ”
Dem : Bush intentionally lost bin Laden
Rep. Maurice Hinchey ( D - N.Y. ) on Monday accused former President George W. Bush of “ intentionally ” letting Osama bin Laden escape during the American invasion of Afghanistan .
“ Look what happened with regard to our invasion into Afghanistan , how we apparently intentionally let bin Laden get away , ” Hinchey said during an interview on MSNBC .
Advertisement
“ That was done by the previous administration because they knew very well that if they would capture al Qaeda , there would be no justification for an invasion in Iraq , ” the Democratic congressman continued .
“ There ’s no question that the leader of the military operations of the U.S. called back our military , called them back from going after the head of al Qaeda . ”
When host David Shuster followed up to ask if Hinchey really thought Bush “ deliberately let Osama bin Laden get away , ” the congressman responded : “ Yes , I do . ”
“ I do n’t think it will strike a lot of people as crazy .
I think it ’ll strike a lot of people as being very accurate , ” Hinchey said .
“ All you have to do is look at the exact circumstances and see that ’s exactly what happened . ”
“ When our military went in there , we could have captured [ the Taliban ] , ” he insisted .
“ But we did n’t .
And we did n’t because of the need felt by the previous administration , and the previous head of the military , that need to attack Iraq . ”
The folks , over at Xbox Evolved have released from what we can tell , is the first footage of Halo Reach ever .
Not much to say , seeing as there really is n’t any gameplay footage per say .
This is more of a leaked Menu and Loading screen , but some may find it interesting non -the - less .
Some would argue this is the most anticipated game of the year , others say this franchise is on its way out after the luke warm reception ODST got .
What do you think ?
Many in country unable to pay bills or get cash because of software problem in credit and debit cards
A 2010 software bug has left millions of German debit and credit card holders unable to withdraw money or make payments in shops , and thousands stranded on holiday with no access to cash .
About 30 m chip and pin cards – a quarter of those in circulation in Germany – are thought to have been affected by the programming failure , which meant that microchips in cards could not recognise the year change to 2010 .
A French card manufacturer , Gemalto , admitted today it was to blame for the failure , which it is estimated will cost € 300 m ( £ 270 m ) to rectify .
Gemalto , whose shares dropped by 2.6 % , said it was attempting a software update , but might have to replace the cards .
Gemalto - manufactured cards in other countries were not affected .
The fault has led to comparisons with the millennium bug , when experts predicted the transition from 1999 to 2000 might cause computers to be fooled into thinking it was 1900 .
As it was , the changeover happened without much incident .
Although some cash machines were quickly reconfigured to override the 2010 problem , many bank customers were forced to queue to withdraw cash over the counter .
Germany 's economics minister , Rainer Brüderle , urged banks to " ensure that credit and bank cards function without problem as soon as possible , or to replace them immediately " .
Many Germans were stranded at ski resorts with no way of paying hotel and restaurant bills .
Holidaymakers were being urged to take travellers ' cheques .
Experts said it might take weeks to re-configure foreign bank machines .
Germany 's consumer affairs ' minister , Ilse Aigner , accused banks of carelessness and insisted that consumers should not be held liable for any resulting bank charges .
The problem will do little to boost Germans ' confidence in credit cards , which are still a relatively new method of payment in a country that is probably the most cautious in Europe when it comes to taking on debt .
Olivier Piou , the head of Gemalto , said : " We are doing our best to keep to a minimum the trouble this is causing for card holders . "
He insisted that said Gemalto - manufactured cards in other countries had not been affected .
Customers were today being urged to call telephone hotlines to find out what to do if their cards were affected .
David Quinlan is a normal guy with day job and just a bit of coding experience .
But he and a friend lived the dream and cranked out a simple iPhone app in a weekend .
Here 's how they did it :
" Thai , salad or ramen ? "
It 's lunchtime on a typical Thursday and it strikes us that millions of people all over the world are pondering the same question .
This question is our launchpad , making us part of the thousands of people who wanted to build an iPhone app for " that . "
Advertisement
I 'm a product and marketing guy with some design and coding skills .
Roy is a developer with some business savvy .
Combined , we make a great team and complement each other 's skills well , but we only started working with Objective - C last year , like many others who are trying out iPhone development .
We 've already built an app or two , so we 're familiar with the language and frameworks .
However , as with all new projects , you usually have to do a little research to understand how to approach the different challenges ... especially in a world defined by 320x480 pixels .
For the longest time , we 've played around with the idea of creating an app for fun .
After discarding a couple of good ideas ( because they were too complicated or a quick search in the App Store showed that someone else already does it well ) , lunchtime lands us on a simple , fun idea to help people stuck between decisions .
Advertisement
But while most people want to create a great iPhone app , my friend and I go one step further , making a pact to finish the project within a weekend — or realistically , our app would never get completed .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
On a piece of paper , we scribble out two - three wireframes and developed an outline for some basic screens .
We decide on an app that offers up to three multiple choices .
You can write your own answers — for example , Thai , salad or ramen — and you simply pick a randomized choice to see the answer to your decision .
We decide to use playing cards as the theme .
Immediately , we circle the " must have " features ( first priority ) , then the " like to have " features ( last priority ) , and finally the features that needed more investigating .
We leave lunch on Thursday with a little homework and a plan to get together on Saturday .
My homework includes determining the look , feel and interaction on each screen .
Roy needs to research some of the Xcode features we have n't had a chance to play with yet in our " real " jobs , mainly animations and randomization .
Advertisement
On Saturday morning , we meet at a local coffee shop that had free Wi -Fi , claim a large table so we can sit side - by - side and grab the first of many large cups of coffee .
Then we create a shared Dropbox folder for this project — a Basic account is free and comes with 2 GB of storage .
The Dropbox is important because it allows us to multitask on the same project with any / all changes synchronizing in real time .
For larger projects , you may want to consider GitHub .
We pull up a more detailed outline of what we want to accomplish for our app as well as basic wireframes .
Given that we only have a weekend to complete this app , we decide to focus only on the " must have " features .
A developer can always issue feature updates at a later date to include the " nice to have " features .
Advertisement
Going screen - by - screen , we detail the elements on the page , style treatments , layout , timing , etc .
We also discuss what Roy learned about animating the card 's flip motion , since this was one of the core functionality of the app .
We briefly review the Quartz 2D and Core Animation libraries , since we had not previously done any work with those .
We even discuss using a UIWebView to render the animation within WebKit 's CSS .
Ultimately , we find a simple solution using standard UIViews and UIButtons .
The UIView class has some animation class methods , and one of the built in transitions is a flip effect .
As for the randomization , we knew most languages provide a random function , and Objective - C is no exception .
For purposes of this app , all we wanted was a simple method to randomize an array .
Roy found a couple of examples of this , but one that stood out was over at Dr. Touch 's website .
He describes an approach with which to implement a class extension method so you can easily shuffle any array .
We dive into our respective MacBook Pros with a Borg - like focus on our individual areas of expertise .
I open up Photoshop and began building screens .
The first screen is the default image .
This is the very first screen people see when the app starts and begins loading .
Apps can be built in either portrait or landscape view .
If you choose to build your app in landscape view like ours , you still need to create a default image that displays in portrait view .
Simply create your landscape view and rotate clockwise or counter - clockwise ( depending on whether you want left or right landscape view ) .
Now the default image loads in portrait view but since your images is rotated , the user will twist the iPhone to landscape view .
Advertisement
I then spend the next couple of hours creating comps , background images , buttons , card ( front and back ) and info page .
I also spend some time focusing on the app icon .
This is obviously the " face " of your app — a badge of honor — so you 'll want to put careful thought into the icon imagery .
Remember , you 'll need the icon in both the 57x57 and 512x512 sizes .
Once completed , I upload it to Dropbox so that Roy could start using the creative elements .
Advertisement
By the time I glance back to Roy 's laptop , he 's created a new Xcode project and is already playing around with code to animate green boxes that flip on a click .
While he 's working on the prototype in the iPhone Simulator , I grab the info .
plist file and edit some of the settings - remove status bar , app display name , remove gloss from icon , etc .
We then decide it 's time for us to add some real images to our prototype .
We put in the background image , the front and back of the cards and the navigation buttons .
The positioning is off ( by a lot ) but the cards look good and it 's flipping smoothly .
We do some bad math , but eventually get the exact spacing and positioning that we want for each card .
We play around with the timing of the flip , set the on / off states for the navigation button and now it 's feeling pretty good .
Advertisement
Seeing the pieces come together in the app shows me that there are a couple of images that needs fine tuning .
I make changes as Roy begins working on the customizing screen and info screen .
The customize screen is the place that allows people to type in whatever they want to show on the face of the card .
We limit it to 25 characters ... anything more than that and it writes over / outside of the card .
We talk through this screen a bit more in detail .
The interaction in each field , how the keyboard acts , and how we save before going back to the cards .
We spend a bit of time in Interface Builder wiring up exactly how we want this page to look and act .
The info page is completely optional , but we like to have it because it includes additional ways to reach us .
Wow , seven hours and fours large coffees later , we have a lot done , but there 's still lots more to go .
What we have now is an app that fires up ; displays a default loading screen ; gets people to a screen that shows three cards ( back of the card showing ) ; they can select any / all of the cards and the cards flips to show the front of the card ; they can click on a button labeled " Try Again " to reset the cards ; they can click on a button labeled " Customize " that opens a new screen ; the " Customize " screen allows you to enter text into 3 separate fields with a max of 25 characters in each field ; and you can get to the Info screen .
We spend the last hour of the day together cleaning up code and discussing what we have left to accomplish tomorrow .
Advertisement
On Sunday , we meet at another coffee shop with free Wi-Fi .
Coffee first .
We feel like we 're about 80 percent done before we start working again .
The major work left for the day ahead is saving the custom text , displaying the custom text on the face of the card , and randomizing the text .
We had additional functionality ideas , but we kept ourselves honest , and kept the scope creep to a minimum .
One example of this was the method for storing / saving the custom text on each of the three cards .
Roy could have created a sqlite database or used Core Data , but the easiest approach was to just use the built in standardUserDefaults object found in the NSUserDefaults class .
Using this method stores the values to the app's settings just fine for our needs and saves us a lot of time .
Advertisement
While Roy is working on those items , it 's a perfect opportunity for me to prepare some of the things we 'll need later that day .
When you submit an app to the App Store , it 's not a simple upload of a file .
Apple requires the following information for every app submission : Application Name , Application Description , Device Requirements , Primary and Secondary Category , Subcategories , Copyright , App Rating , Keywords , SKU Number , Application URL , Screen shots , Marketing Description , Support URL , Support Email Address , End User License Agreement , and Pricing / Availability .
Advertisement
So , I prep all the app submission information while Roy is busy coding away , first searching the App Store for similar apps and their names .
We like " Stuck ? " and luckily no one else is using it , so we go with that name .
I create the app description , add some keywords , set the price and determine where we want to sell this app ( just in the USA , certain countries or worldwide ) .
Then I register a domain name ( stuckapp.com ) to be used for the application URL / support URL and linked it to a newly created Tumblr account .
I also created the required support email address .
The other items you 'll want to prepare in advance are : screenshots ( up to five ) , a large icon ( 512x512 ) and , if this is your first time submitting an app , any certificates / provisioning profiles .
Things tend to take longer than you expect , and even though we 're basically finished with the app by early Sunday afternoon , we still spend a couple of more hours tweaking it and preparing everything for the App Store submission — cleaning code and fine tuning as we go along .
We spend the majority of the day on one computer pushing pixels , formatting , and ensuring the timing and user interaction was exactly as we both wanted .
After almost five hours of work on Sunday , we have the app that we both envisioned .
We begin testing in the iPhone simulator and then on devices ( both iPhone and iPod touch ) for stability and functionality .
Again , being a simple app , it was easy and quick to test .
Advertisement
After proving its stability , we decide to publish Stuck ? to the App Store .
My first attempt at publishing another app by myself took two days — attempt , fail , Google , attempt , fail , Google more , etc. — until it finally worked .
But the second time around was much easier and faster .
We copy / paste all the text prepared earlier and then added the screenshots and images .
All in all , we have our app uploaded in about 15 minutes .
At this point , we 're excited , hungry and tired , but also quite proud that we completed a solid app over a weekend in a coffee shop .
Advertisement
We had our fingers crossed that the App Store would approve our app .
And , as amazed as we were that we could finish an app over the weekend , the real surprise came after we submitted to the App Store .
We submitted the app on Sunday evening .
It changed status from Waiting for Review‚ to In Review , on Monday .
On Tuesday , we received an email informing us that our app was Ready for Sale .
Approved in two days !
That has to be a record‚ especially before the holidays .
Especially after talking about building an app together for so long , like so many people reading this article , I must say , the fulfillment is immense .
We finally did it .
Advertisement
TIPS FOR COMPLETING AN APP OVER A WEEKEND
1 . You can't do it yourself .
You can , but you would n't want to .
Ideally , you want to partner with someone with a different , complementary set of skills .
Partner with someone who knows and respects your area of expertise , but is even more confident and knowledgeable about their own skills .
Good communication is implied in an effort such as this so you 'll go through periods of rapid fire questions bouncing ideas off each other and then periods of silence as you work on separate tasks .
There 's a lot to get done and multitasking will be key .
2. Multitask .
As suggested above , working with someone who complements your own skills allows you to multitask .
What do I mean ?
For example , in the beginning , once you scratch out a wireframe of an idea , one person can begin coding - putting placeholder buttons and blocks into place .
At the same time , the other person can create comps and then cut out each element to use when they get to the right stage .
Also , at the tail end of the project , one person can wrap up the project and clean the code while the other prepares all the images and marketing copy for the App Store submission process .
Advertisement
3 . Do at least one thing well .
Unlike most desktop applications or web project , you have to remember that most good mobile apps fulfill a need that can come anywhere , any time .
Your app idea does n't have to be complicated , but good apps seem to do one or more of these things well :
- Solves a problem ; - Is entertaining ; - Serves a specific niche ; - Engages the user ; and / or - Takes advantage of the unique features of the iPhone .
4 . Set goals and milestones .
Whether your goal is speed to market , just to gain experience , or to build the best damn app that does ( blank ) , clearly state your goals .
Initially , it will help you focus on the areas that are important / critical for success .
It will also help you later down the road as you face hard decisions about " must - have " features and " like - to - have " features .
Remember , you can always issue feature updates so focus on the " must - have " items and do whatever is necessary to meet that goal .
Advertisement
5. Get a Dropbox account .
For small - to medium - sized projects , you cannot beat Dropbox .
It allows you to store , share and synchronize files with others .
Stop sharing files back and forth on your USB memory stick .
Get a Dropbox account and share files in real time .
We abused the hell out of our free , shared Dropbox folder and it worked flawlessly .
For larger projects , you might want to give GitHub a try .
6. Test . Test .
Test .
When you see the finish line , it 's easy to gloss over the important step of testing your app .
Test in your iPhone simulator , but also try to get your hands on an iPod touch and of course on an iPhone as well .
Depending on the complexity of your app , you might want to create a test plan to make sure all the use cases and functional tasks are covered .
The last thing you want is to have an app in the App Store that crashes or does n't work as expected .
You may never recover from all the ego - shattering feedback .
7. Understand the App Store submission process .
Apple provides a PDF document detailing to submission process .
But that document is only available for registered developers .
If you 've already registered , read that document thoroughly before you begin the upload process .
It will give you a good idea of what 's involved , but also what you 'll need to prepare in advance .
Apple also provides some good tips for app store submission and approval .
Advertisement
Thanks to David Quinlan for sharing his story and advice with us .
If his narrative has compelled you to try out Stuck ? , it 's $ 1 at the App Store .
And , of course , share war stories of your own long weekends writing apps in the comments .
[ Stuck ]
Click to view
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A US man who triggered a major alert by falsely claiming his son was adrift in a helium balloon has been sentenced to 90 days in jail - and his wife to 20 .
Richard Heene , 48 , and his 45 - year - old wife Mayumi said in October their son had been carried off by the balloon .
Six - year - old Falcon
Heene was finally found hiding at home .
In court in Colorado , Heene appeared to fight back tears as he apologised to rescue workers and the community , saying he was " very , very sorry " .
The judge also ordered four years of supervised probation for the couple and banned them from receiving any form of financial benefit from the case .
Heene and his wife Mayumi had pleaded guilty to charges that they carried out the balloon stunt to promote a reality TV show .
' Wasted money '
The prosecutor had argued the couple should face time in jail to act as a deterrent to others who may be considering mounting similar stunts for financial gain and publicity .
Prosecutors had asked for a jail sentence to deter others
He said Heene had " wasted a lot of man power and a lot of money in wanting to get himself some publicity " .
He argued that the couple had acted not on the behest of any TV companies , but that " they came up with it all on their own , not necessarily just to get a TV show but at least to put their name out there again and maybe in hopes that somebody would pick them up " .
" For that , " he said , " they do need to be punished " .
Richard
Heene will be allowed to serve 60 days of his 90 - day sentence on release , allowing him to work as a construction contractor during the day , while spending the night in jail .
He will start his sentence on 11 January 2010 .
Mayumi
Heene will begin her sentence after her husband 's to ensure their children are still cared for .
She will be allowed to report to jail on two days a week , return home at night , and serve the sentence through jail - supervised community service .
The judge also ruled that her husband must serve 100 hours of community service and write a letter of apology to the community and public service agencies which helped search for his son .
The couple have already been ordered to pay $ 42,000 ( £ 26,000 ) in restitution for the emergency services ' rescue efforts .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hundreds of photos of BSODs arranged into the visage of Steve Ballmer , a stabbing , probing , flicking tongue protruding from the gaping maw in the center .
Here 's the tongue — oh God — up close , so you can see some of the photos :
Advertisement
I kinda want to see a Steve Jobs made out of kernel panics and beach balls now .
[ Poorly Drawn Portraits via Fake Steve ]
Rep. Steve Buyer ( R - Ind . ) will retire at the end of this term .
An Indiana GOP source told The Hill that Buyer , who 's been the subject of scrutiny over his Frontier Foundation , will not seek reelection .
Buyer , according to WISH - TV in Indianapolis , will cite his wife 's health concerns as reason for his retirement .
" For all of the House Republican spin coming from their lobbyist - funded retreat today , the numbers do n’t lie :
There are 15 Republican retirements versus 13 for Democrats in the House , " said Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) National Press Secretary Ryan Rudominer .
" So instead of drinking Eric Cantor and the NRCC ’s Kool - Aid , House Republicans continue to show a lack of confidence in their ability to take back the House as Republican retirements are mounting and their own members refuse to invest in the [ National Republican Congressional Committee ] "
Buyer 's district had been considered a " solid Republican " seat by the nonpartisan Cook Political Report , an election analysis group .
Republicans maintain a 14 - point edge in the district , making it likely , though not certain in an anti-incumbent environment , that Republicans will hold on to the seat .
" Voters in this district have long supported conservative candidates and values , and we are confident that these Hoosiers will continue to be represented by a Republican who shares Congressman Buyer ’s record of fiscal responsibility and limited government , " said Tom Erickson , a spokesman for the NRCC .
This CNNMoney.com feature is optimized for Adobe Flash Player version 9 or higher .
Freedom is on the march !.
Voters in the ski resort town of Breckenridge , Colorado legalized marijuana and marijuana paraphernalia by a nearly three - to - one margin on Tuesday .
It is the first municipality in the United States to allow paraphernalia , such as pipes , bongs and bubblers .
" [ The measure ] passed 73 percent to 27 percent , " ABC 7 News in Denver reported .
In a sign of how hard it is for Democrats to regroup on major health care legislation , two centrist Democratic senators said on Tuesday that they would oppose efforts to muscle through a bill using a procedural tactic called budget reconciliation .
Senator Blanche Lincoln , Democrat of Arkansas , who is in a tough race for re-election this year , said , “ I am opposed to and will fight against any attempts to push through changes to the Senate health insurance reform legislation by using budget reconciliation tactics that would allow the Senate to pass a package of changes to our original bill with 51 votes . ”
Brendan Smialowski for The New York Times
Mrs. Lincoln added , “ I have successfully fought for transparency throughout Senate deliberations on health care , and I will continue to do so .
I will not accept any last - minute efforts to force changes to health insurance reform issues through budget reconciliation , and neither will Arkansans .
We have worked too long and too hard on this reform effort – we need to get it right . ”
And Senator Evan Bayh , Democrat of Indiana , who is also on the ballot in November , said he would counsel against using reconciliation to push past Republican opposition .
“ It would destroy the opportunity , if there is one , for any bipartisan cooperation the rest of this year on anything else , ” Mr. Bayh said .
Ms. Lincoln said she would continue fighting for health legislation .
“ If the House chooses not to pass the Senate bill as is , then I will work with my colleagues , both Democrats and Republicans , to identify the basic reforms that we can agree on , ” she said in a statement .
“ I hope that our efforts going forward will be truly bipartisan , because the high - pitched , partisan tone in Washington is not creating jobs , nor is it solving the health care challenges facing every American , whether it be cost or access . ”
Nevada Tribes Win Halt to Barrick Gold Mine Expansion
SAN FRANCISCO , California , December 3 , 2009 ( ENS ) -
The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals today ordered that a preliminary injunction be granted to tribal plaintiffs that halts the expansion of the Cortez gold mine in Nevada owned by Barrick Gold Corporation , a Canadian company based in Toronto .
The ruling reverses the decision of the U.S. District Court in Nevada , which had denied the motion for preliminary injunction filed by the South Fork Band Council of Western Shoshone , the Te-Moak Tribe of Western Shoshone Indians , the Timbisha Shoshone Tribe , the Western Shoshone Defense Project , and Great Basin Resource Watch in November 2008 .
The plaintiffs challenged the U.S. Bureau of Land Management 's approval of the Cortez Hills mine expansion in November 2008 .
Today the appellate court ruled that the tribes are likely to succeed on the merits on their claims that the BLM violated the National Environmental Policy
Act in failing to properly analyze the environmental impacts from the mine on groundwater , air quality , and other natural resources .
" Suspending a project until that consideration has occurred thus comports with the public interest , " the court ruled .
Roger Flynn , attorney for the tribes said , " The construction has started , so obviously they 've already done a lot of damage , which is unfortunate because the court said the mine approval is illegal . "
The structure of a native sweat lodge stands at the base of Mt. Tenabo .
( Photo by Sandra Cuffe )
" Essentially the tribes were right on a big part of the case , " said Flynn .
But the tribes did not persuade the court that they were in the right on all of their claims .
Cortez Hills is an expansion of Barrick 's Cortez Mine , which has produced gold continuously since the late 1960s at its location 60 miles southwest of Elko , Nevada in Lander County .
The expansion threatens Mount Tenabo , an important sacred mountain for the Western Shoshone people .
While the court granted the preliminary injunction , which halts mine construction until the case has been decided , the court did not side with the tribes on their claims under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act , FLPMA , that the mine would prevent access to their sacred sites on Mount Tenabo and thus would establish a substantial burden on the exercise of their religion .
" Tribes have not satisfied their burden of showing a likelihood of success on the merits of their FLPMA claims , " the appellate court ruled .
However , the court sided with the tribes on their air and water impact claims .
While recognizing " mining has been a dominant industry in Lander County since the 1950s , " the court noted the Cortez Hills expansion involves " ten years of active mining and up to three years of ore processing , followed by site closure and reclamation . "
Barrick Gold proposes to dig a new 850 - acre mine pit ; add facilities for cyanide heap - leach processing ; add areas for disposal of approximately 1.5 billion tons of waste rock ; upgrade its mine dewatering systems to remove surface and ground water that would otherwise fill the mines ; and build and operate a 12 - mile long ore - hauling conveyor system .
The project as originally proposed would have disturbed 6,792 acres within the 57,058 - acre project boundary .
Of the disturbed acreage , 6,571 acres were public land and 221 acres were private land belonging to the Cortez Hills mine .
Barrick Gold 's existing Cortez mine ( Photo courtesy Barrick Gold )
The tribes claimed that the BLM violated the National Environmental Policy Act , NEPA , by failing to analyze the air quality impacts of the transportation of ore to an off - site processing facility .
In its environmental impact statement for the mine expansion , BLM estimates that five million tons of ore would be available for extraction .
Plans are to transport the ore 70 miles to the Goldstrike facility for processing , in two shipments per day , every day , for 10 years .
The transport of the ore , the tribes allege , will negatively impact air quality , and the processing would result in the release of mercury , a hazardous air pollutant .
The BLM now maintains that these environmental impacts need not be discussed in the environmental impact statement , because no increase in the rate of toxic ore shipments is proposed , and the off - site facility is permitted under the Clean Air Act .
But the court ruled that , " The air quality impacts associated with transport and off - site processing of the five million tons of refractory ore are prime examples of indirect effects that NEPA requires be considered .
The Council on Environmental Quality regulations define indirect effects as those " caused by the action , later in time or further removed in distance , [ but ] still reasonably foreseeable " and an " agency must consider them . "
The court decided that " BLM is incorrect in asserting that these effects need not be considered simply because no change in the rate of shipping and processing is forecast .
That may be so , but the mine expansion will create ten additional years of such transportation ; that is , ten years of environmental impacts that would not be present in the no-action scenario . "
" Moreover , " the court adds , " even on a year - to - year basis , there has been no consideration of the environmental impact of the transportation and processing of the refractory ore . "
" BLM 's argument to the contrary depends on the assumption that , because off - site processing is ongoing , these impacts must have been analyzed in a NEPA document already .
But , " ruled the court , " that assumption is baseless : there is no indication that these impacts were properly considered at any time , even on a year - to - year basis . "
The tribes also contend the BLM failed to conduct an appropriate mitigation analysis with respect to the environmental consequences of mine dewatering .
The extensive removal of groundwater implicit in this project is expected to cause some number of local springs and streams to dry up , the court observed .
" At least 15 springs are not expected to recover within 100 years .
As the EIS concedes , these are significant environmental harms . "
" Though NEPA , of course , does not require that these harms actually be mitigated , it does require that an EIS discuss mitigation measures , with ' sufficient detail to ensure that environmental consequences have been fairly evaluated , ' " the court noted .
The court decided that the BLM did not inadequately study the serious effects of processing refractory ore and exhausting scarce water resources .
" The likelihood of irreparable environmental injury without adequate study of the adverse effects and possible mitigation is high , " the court decided , saying , " Indeed the District Court did not question the irreparable environmental harm threatened by this massive project , and that will be visited most directly on the plaintiffs . "
The case is already back in federal district court in Nevada .
Flynn filed the first brief of the main part of the case with the judge in Reno on Tuesday .
Barrick and the BLM 's response brief is due in January and Flynn 's reply is due in February .
Christopher Drew had every intention of getting arrested .
The 59 - year - old artist and executive director of the Uptown Multi-Cultural Art Center in Chicago set about his city earlier this month in a red poncho and a sign that read " Art for Sale : $ 1 . "
It was a protest against Chicago 's law on unlicensed peddling , which Drew believes puts up unconstitutional barriers preventing artists from selling their work .
The artist was confronted by Chicago police and arrested on December 3 .
Because he recorded the entire incident , on the understandable assumption that the reasons the officers gave for arresting him may prove useful to his follow - up lawsuit , Drew was also charged with " felony eavesdropping . "
Generally speaking , it 's not a crime to record an on - duty police officer in a public space .
In fact , with just a few exceptions ( mostly limited to military installations and nuclear energy facilities ) , you can photograph and / or record anything and anyone in a public space .
But there are still too many stories of people being arrested , intimidated , or detained for turning their lenses on cops .
( See Carlos Miller 's excellent blog Photography Is Not a Crime for a litany of examples . )
It happened last week in West Virginia , where award - winning photojournalist Scott Rensenberger was arrested after attempting to photograph a police officer in a Charleston mall .
You can certainly understand why someone would want to get a planned interaction with Chicago police on tape .
In the last few years , the department has been hit with scandals of egregious police misconduct that , had they not been captured on tape , likely would either never have been investigated , or the investigation would n't have been based on what actually happened .
The most famous incident was footage of an off - duty cop viciously beating a female bartender who refused to continue serving him in 2007 .
He was n't even charged until three months later , after the surveillance video surfaced on the Internet , generating worldwide outrage .
There are other examples : six cops beating two men in a bar brawl ; a video of a fatal police shooting in a subway station where officer accounts of the incident do n't match the video footage .
The department also recently disciplined two officers after a video showed up on the Internet showing a Chicago PD unit posing for a trophy photo with a protester they had apprehended earlier this year at the G20 summit in Pittsburgh .
This is a police department still under federal investigation for an officer - run torture ring in the 1980s and , more recently , for a major scandal in which officers in the department 's Special Operations Unit — alleged to be made up of the city 's most elite and trusted cops — have been convicted of a variety of crimes , including home robberies , theft , physical abuse and intimidation , and even planning a murder .
The " best of the best " unit was disbanded last year .
A 2008 study by University of Chicago law professor Craig B. Futterman found 10,000 complaints filed against Chicago police officers between 2002 and 2004 .
That 's more than any city in the country , and proportionally it 's 40 percent above the national average .
Of those 10,000 complaints , just 19 resulted in significant disciplinary action .
In 85 percent of the cases , the complaint was dismissed without even interviewing the accused officer .
The study also found that about 5 percent of the department 's 13,500 officers accounted for more than half the complaints .
Yet the Chicago PD recently went to federal court — and won — to prevent the release of the names of 662 officers who had more than 10 citizen complaints filed against them between 2001 and 2006 .
Even members of the city 's Board of Aldermen are n't allowed to see the officers ' names .
Now , the police department is working to become even less accountable .
Last October , a study from the Chicago Justice Project found that on those rare occasions when Chicago police brass want to fire an officer , the Chicago Police Board — the agency that oversees the department — nearly always overrules them .
On the very same day that study was released , the department announced a new policy whereby it would reserve the option to file criminal charges against citizens who file police misconduct reports deemed to be without merit .
I 'm sure false misconduct reports are common , and likely a bureaucratic hassle .
But you can't start charging citizens who claim to have been mistreated by police with crimes because a department that has shown it is n't capable of investigating and policing itself has decided , unsurprisingly , that once again its officers did nothing wrong .
The policy will likely deter false complaints ; but it will also deter legitimate ones .
I 'm sure the bulk of the officers in the Chicago Police Department are professional , courteous public servants .
But that does n't let the department or the city off in its failure to discipline those who are n't .
At the very least , those officials should pass a clear and unambiguous policy codifying the right of citizens like Christopher Drew to take and preserve an audio or video recording of their interactions with city police , and instructing cops that they can't interfere with that right .
Chicago 's political officials have shown themselves incapable of protecting the city 's residents from the bad actors in its police department .
The least they can do is ensure that the city 's residents have the legal right to protect themselves .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
No college football player in the country deserves the Heisman Trophy more than Case Keenum .
Want to argue ?
Let ’s go .
He ’s more deserving than Florida ’s Tim Tebow , more deserving than Alabama ’s Mark Ingram , more deserving than even Texas ’ Colt McCoy .
If the Heisman Trophy were a lifetime achievement award , McCoy would have earned it as he puts the finishing touches on an amazing career .
He ’s in the mix anyway because his team is unbeaten and because he ’s completing 73 percent of his passes .
He ’s 41 - 7 as a starter .
That ’s the most victories of any UT quarterback in history , and years from now , McCoy will be mentioned in the same breath as Earl Campbell , Tommy Nobis and Vince Young .
As legacies go , that ’s a pretty good one .
McCoy also could be the poster boy for pretty much everything a college football player should be .
The Longhorns lean on McCoy as much as the Gators lean on Tebow , so the argument that this player or that player is more important to his team is hard to make .
All the great ones are important .
Keenum is still more deserving because he has done things none of the others has come close to doing .
He ’s the most productive player on the most productive offense in college football .
" I ’d say when it comes to performance among the top 15 - 20 teams , he ’s as good a player as there is in the country , " UH coach Kevin Sumlin said .
Nick de la Torre / Houston Chronicle
About the only person you could n’t get this kind of endorsement from is Keenum himself .
Sumlin swears Keenum would love to win the Heisman , but he has steadfastly kept the focus on team goals .
" I do n’t know what to think about all that , " Keenum said .
" That ’s a lot of stuff I do n’t know about and am not experienced with .
I ’m going to ignore that as much as possible and just do what I do .
I would rather be on the practice field taking a snap and not answering questions about it . "
Say what you want about McCoy , Tebow and Ingram , but their teams are led by their defenses .
Texas , Florida and Alabama are ranked first , second and fourth in total defense .
Houston is 116th .
The Coogs are 8 - 1 because they outscore opponents .
Did you say defense wins championships ?
That ’s essentially true , but sometimes a player is so good and makes so many plays that he can overcome the things a team does n’t have .
Comeback specialist
Keenum has led the Coogs to four fourth - quarter comebacks .
Three times , UH has scored the winning points in the final minute .
Whatever UH has needed , Keenum has delivered .
He ’s on his way to leading the nation in total offense for a second straight season , and the Coogs are tops in the nation with 42.1 points per game .
" I ’d follow him into battle in any game , " UH wide receiver Tim Monroe said .
" He ’s a great leader .
He ’s the same guy on the field as he is off the field .
He just does n’t show any fear . "
If he does n’t win the Heisman , it ’ll be because the Cougars play in Conference USA , because they ’ve played just three teams from BCS conferences , because some voters believe UH does n’t deserve to be mentioned in the same breath as Florida or Texas .
To penalize Keenum for things he has no control over is unfair .
He completed 71 percent of his passes and averaged 412 yards a game against the three teams from BCS leagues .
Against his two best C - USA opponents , Southern Miss and Tulsa , he threw for 1,081 yards and eight touchdowns .
In the loss to UTEP , he threw for 536 yards and five touchdowns .
UH has begun a twitter campaign in an attempt to raise Keenum ’s profile with voters around the country .
Even if he does n’t win this year , the goal is to get him an invitation to the big show in New York and position him to win in 2010 .
Why should voters wait ?
But if the award is supposed to be given to the most productive player , he ’d win in 2009 .
Before the start of the 2008 season , Sumlin cautioned his quarterback that individual awards might be tough to come by until the Coogs won enough to get back on the national map .
They ’ve done that , and Sumlin is Keenum ’s biggest fan .
Sumlin says it ’s not just the knack of making winning plays ; it ’s Keenum ’s work ethic and how he interacts with teammates .
" What you see on the field is what you see here , " Sumlin said .
" That sense of confidence and calm adds to his leadership ability on the field .
He ’s the same guy off the field : very , very humble but a competitor .
He does n’t get too hyped up , does n’t get too low on himself .
He really adds a sense of calm to our younger guys .
Because of that , you can have a bunch of young guys play — like we did last year .
You can also have a new guy like James Cleveland come in and work with him and be able to communicate those things , not just on the field , but off the field .
I think that has really helped us . "
Quarterbacks have a position unlike any other in sports .
They ’re not just the guys who get more of the credit and more of the blame .
They ’re also the guys who are supposed to unite all the other groups .
" Football is a really , really interesting game , " Sumlin said .
" We ’ve got guys from all different walks of life .
Everybody ’s not from Abilene .
His ability to reach all the guys and to lead ’em is really , really a gift .
It takes a chemistry to do that .
It takes more than coaches .
Coaches can do a lot , but on any team , the guy that ’s touching the ball the most has got a huge , huge job . "
Sumlin said he thinks of the Heisman as a team award .
But it helps a team when the most productive player is the same every week , when he accepts blame and deflects credit , when he ’s exactly what a leader should be .
" God calls us to be humble , " Keenum said .
" I know I ’ve been blessed to get to play the game .
I consider every day going out there a blessing and a gift from God .
I do n’t want to take anything for granted .
Every day is a new blessing . "
richard.justice@chron.com
By Captain Pyke | January 15 , 2010 - 11:41 pm
Patrick Stewart is set to play in two Shakespeare productions this spring for PBS .
He 's playing Claudius in Hamlet opposite Dr. Who star David Tennant and then a filmed version of the recent modern - dress broadway rendition of Macbeth .
This version of Macbeth will see the Scottish King exchanged for a modern day dictator .
" Great works of art endure , and the reason it endures is that it seems to have fresh source of meaning for each generation that comes along , " says Stewart .
" This is my 52nd year of doing this professionally , and all I wanted to do was act in Shakespeare .
And for years , that 's all I did .
Then , other things happened . "
One of those things , of course , was the Star Trek : The Next Generation role of Capt . Jean - Luc Picard , which made him famous -- and which inspires many
Trek fans to come see him on stage .
" I do n't care why people come to the theater , " he says .
" Just get them in , get their bums in the seats , and leave the rest to us .
And we can make darn sure that they come back again and again . " ( source California Chronicle )
Read the full story here .
Image credit Trekcore.com
I was invited by Mexico Design magazine to create work for the front cover of issue 37 , which focused on new designs in eco-friendly transport .
I coincided their requirements with my “ Draw an object a day for 365 days project “ , drawing a 1960 ’s children ’s scooter , a leaf from a London plain tree and a skateboard .
Each drawing was cut - out and layered onto coloured paper .
The next issue will contain a 6 page feature on my work , focusing on my drawing an object a day project .
JAL is struggling with mounting debts
Shares in Japan Airlines ( JAL ) rose again on Tuesday after more than two - thirds of its staff agreed to pension cuts .
The airline needs employees to agree to cuts in order to reduce its $ 3.6 bn ( £ 2.2 bn ) pension deficit and qualify for a state bail - out .
JAL shares rose by 3.4 % , adding to the 31 % jump seen on Monday .
On Sunday , the Japanese government agreed to double its offer of state - funded credit to the ailing airline .
JAL now has access to 200bn yen ( $ 2.2bn ; £ 1.3 bn ) of credit , although it has already made use of 55bn yen of that .
Separately , the airline applied for a government bail - out in October last year through the Enterprise Turnaround Initiative Corporation of Japan ( ETIC ) - a body able to draw on taxpayers ' money to prop up the business while it restructures .
A decision on that is due before the end of January , but the ETIC requires cost - cutting concessions including restructuring of pension arrangements .
JAL is battling 1.5 trillion yen of debt , and has been hit hard by the global fall in demand for air travel .
Springer is not the only publisher looking for ways to earn money from digital sources , as readers turn away from printed newspapers and the promise of Internet advertising fades .
In the English - speaking world , Rupert Murdoch , the chief executive of News Corp. , has been telling anyone who will listen that he plans to erect so - called pay walls for his company ’s newspaper Web sites .
Other publishers , including The New York Times Co. , which owns the International Herald Tribune , have also said they were considering charging for online access .
But while newspaper companies elsewhere have generally been vague about their intentions , Mr. Keese , during an interview at Axel Springer ’s headquarters in Berlin , provided a detailed overview of the company ’s digital ambitions .
Instead of separate pay walls around individual newspaper Web sites , Mr. Keese wants publishers and Internet companies to work together to create a “ one - click marketplace solution ” for their online content .
In that system , Google or other Internet gateways would display links to newspaper articles , videos and other content from a variety of providers , as search engines do now .
But some of the items would include something new : a price tag .
What kind of content would come at a cost ?
Any “ noncommodity journalism , ” Mr. Keese said , citing pictures of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi of Italy cavorting poolside with models at his villa in Sardinia — published this year by the Spanish daily El País — as an example .
“ How much would people pay for that ?
Surely € 5 , ” he said .
A single mouse click would allow the user to pay for and view the pictures .
Readers could also buy flat - rate packages providing access to content from a variety of media companies , Mr. Keese said , just as they can subscribe to unlimited data access plans via mobile phone networks .
Photo : Getty Images
We know — you ’re too tech - savvy to be fooled by an online scam .
But even the smartest among us can fall victim to internet trickery , and we ’ve all got those friends and relatives who could use a little extra help with digital security .
Advertisement
The basic rule for surviving internet scams is simple :
If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is .
A little common sense goes a long way to realizing that you are n’t going to suddenly win the Spanish National Lottery when you did n’t even know you had a ticket .
Here ’s our definitive guide to helping you ( and your loved ones ) stay safe online .
Advertisement
Never , ever click a link to your bank or financial institution from an email
Many security experts would argue that you should never click links in emails , period .
Scammers can spoof messages to make them look like they come from sources you trust — yet the links lead to fake websites designed to collect your personal information or force you to download malware .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This advice is especially true when it comes to messages from your financial institutions .
Legitimate banks , and services like Paypal , do n’t just email people out of the blue asking them to verify their information or reset their passwords .
If you receive a notice like this , and you do n’t remember requesting it , ignore it .
And if you want to confirm that a “ new notification ” on a financial service is for real , do n’t use the hyperlink in the email to log in ; type the service ’s domain name directly into your browser yourself , and log into your account the normal way to find the message ( if it exists ) .
Advertisement
Before you log into a service ’s site , make sure you ’ve taken a second to look for the lock icon in your browser ’s address bar .
Though this is n’t a foolproof way to tell fake from real , it at least gives you a little extra clue that the site your connection to a site or service is encrypted , making the site ( potentially ) more legitimate .
Do n’t give out your passwords
This is obvious , but less tech - savvy people might cough up their passwords if a request appears legitimate .
The hard - and - fast rule is that you should never give out any of your passwords , period .
This is not something individuals or companies should ever ask for directly .
If you get an email or a text message asking you to send over your password for any reason whatsoever , do n’t do it .
Easy as that .
Advertisement
Use strong passwords ( and secret questions )
Plenty of people are still using stupid passwords like “ password ” and “ 123456 . ”
Do n’t be one of them .
If your password is easily guessed ( because it contains basic identifying information like your birthdate or your spouse ’s name ) , it wo n’t even matter if you accidentally give it out .
A hacker will crack it in no time .
Advertisement
You ’ll want to read our guide on how to choose and remember a strong password and create different credentials for each and every online account you open .
If you use the same password for everything , and that password gets leaked during a data breach , your entire online existence is up for grabs .
We recommend using a password manager to keep track of your dozens or hundreds of unique logins .
Your password security lesson does n’t stop there , though .
A weak link in your security may be those secret questions and answers that most sites ask you to enter to help you reset your password .
Even if your password is tough , your secret question often is n’t — so you should make sure to protect your accounts with strong secret questions .
And use two - factor authentication whenever possible , to help thwart someone from accessing your account even if they have your login credentials .
Advertisement
The Best Password Managers
Last week , we asked you to fill us in on your favorite password managers .
After combing through …
Read more
Do n’t buy anything from a random email you receive
A good spam filter should catch the obvious stuff , like emails trying to sell you everything from cheap watches to fake male enhancement products .
But it ’s relatively easy for scammers to pretend they ’re from Amazon , just like it ’s easy for them to pretend they ’re from your bank .
The simplest rule is to never buy anything from an email .
You could maybe make an exception for email newsletters from sites you trust , but at the very least make sure that you are n’t clicking on anything from an unsolicited message .
Advertisement
You can always go directly to Amazon or whatever e-commerce store you ’re interested in — type that address right into your browser bar — and search for the product they ’re advertising .
Watch out for job postings that look too good to be true
Advertisement
If you ’re job hunting or just looking for a way to make some extra cash on the side , be very skeptical of positions posted on sites like Craigslist .
It ’s not that Craigslist is n’t an OK place to look for gigs , but you have to be careful of scammers lurking to take advantage of unsuspecting victims .
Those jobs that say you can “ Make $ 50 + / hour working from home ! ” or “ Mystery Shopper Needed ! ” and promise tons of money for almost no work — yeah , they are completely fake .
Advertisement
A huge red flag is any job involving Western Union , Moneygram , wire transfers , money orders , or dealings with any financial transaction .
Scammers will ask you to deposit a check or money order and wire transfer the money back to them — and it ’s not until later that you find out it was a forgery .
Generally speaking , if someone is asking you for money in exchange to give you even more money , a wonderful prize , or something like that , ask yourself :
Why are they being so generous ?
Does n’t that seem incredibly strange ?
Do not give out your personal info or Social Security number
Online retailers ( and most other services ) do n’t ask you to enter your Social Security number as part of the login or account - creation process ( unless you are applying for credit , for example , which is another topic entirely ) .
You should also be very suspicious of websites that ask you to re-enter your personal information — especially if they appear to be websites that should already have this information on file , like your bank .
Be very careful not to divulge your information to anyone online ( even innocent information , like your birthday ) .
Advertisement
Take advantage of your browser ’s security features
Web browsers ( Chrome , Firefox , etc. ) have built - in features for checking security certificates from trusted websites — click on the lock icon to see all the information about the certificate , including whether it ’s valid , who issued it , and where .
Advertisement
Browsers will also generally alert you if you ’re trying to access a malicious site or download a dangerous file .
Advertisement
Ignore website popups that say you have a virus
Get yourself an ad blocker , either built into your browser or via a third party .
If you are seeing popups or ads as you surf , do n’t click on them .
Any message that ’s scary or has a sense of urgency — your PC is infected with a virus and you need to download this software RIGHT NOW — is a scam .
Advertisement
You can also use antivirus software to detect and prevent viruses and a VPN to anonymize your data as you browse .
Are n’t sure which to choose ?
We ’ve got a few favorite antivirus apps and some tips for picking a trustworthy VPN .
The Best Antivirus App for Windows Windows has more antivirus programs than we can count , and none of them are quite perfect .
Right … Read more
Advertisement
Even if you already do all of these things ( and more ) to protect yourself from internet scams , take a few minutes to share these tips with your loved ones .
You ca n’t be too careful when it comes to privacy and security online .
This piece was originally published in 2009 and updated in January 2020 with the most current information .
PocketHeat is an app that has recently been pushed to the iTunes App Store designed to keep your hands warm in the winter .
For $ 0.99 , the app will push your iPhone or iPod Touch to its maximum CPU capacity .
It ’s rather mystifying that this app got through the App Store approval process , since pushing your iPhone or iPod Touch CPU to the point of meltdown seems risky , to say the least .
Still , it has given me my own killer idea : an exfoliating iPhone app that works by making a user ’s handset physically explode .
Any developers out there want to help me make it happen ?
By Mark Kinver
Science and environment reporter , BBC News
Lemurs are among Madagascar 's unique mammals
The ancestors of the current mammals found on the island of Madagascar could have been transported on floating vegetation from Africa , a study says .
Researchers modelled ancient ocean currents and found that favourable conditions existed in the same period as when mammals arrived on the island .
The idea of " rafting " first emerged in 1940 , but some argued that a " land bridge " allowed animals to walk there .
The findings have been published online on the Nature website .
Madagascar , the fourth largest island on the planet , is deemed one of the world 's biological hotspots .
Because of its isolation , most of its mammals , half its birds , and many of its plant species exist nowhere else on Earth .
The first mammals are believed to have appeared on the island about 60 million years ago , 100 million years after the landmass was thought to have separated from Africa .
This led to the emergence of two main hypotheses on how mammals managed to inhabit the island : via a " land bridge " or floating vegetation .
Ticket to ride Using a climate model used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , co-author Matthew Huber - a palaeoclimate modeller at Purdue University in Indiana , US - adapted it to shed light on the past .
" I had been doing these simulations for some time , " he told BBC News .
" The paper 's lead author ( Dr Jason Ali from the University of Hong Kong ) asked me to look at the Madagascar region because he thought that the ocean currents were different during that time .
" I looked , and - sure enough - the ocean currents went in the opposite direction than they do today , " he explained .
Biologists and palaentologists say that rafting is the only sensible way for this [ dispersal ] to have happened
Dr Matthew Huber ,
Purdue University
" The reason is primarily because , in the past , both Madagascar and Africa were 15 degrees further south .
This meant that the 430 km ( 270 mile ) Mozambique Channel that separates the two landmasses was located in a different ocean " gyre " ( circular ocean current ) , which had an important impact on the direction and strength of the currents within the channel .
Dr Huber said that the model showed that this provided the right conditions to allow mammals to be transported across the channel .
" What the model suggests is that occasionally - say one month in 100 years - the currents were strong enough to allow a raft , for example a large log , carrying a family of lemurs to make the journey in about three weeks , " he explained .
" Biologists and palaeontologists say that rafting is the only sensible way for this [ dispersal ] to have happened .
But the problem has always been the currents . "
" When you looked at present ocean currents , the journey is impossible .
" So scientists have been stuck because when you are faced with impossibilities , what do you do ? "
Current thinking
As a result , a number of scientists favoured the theory that a land bridge existed in the past .
But the theory would have required a " radical rethinking of the region 's plate tectonics " , Dr Huber explained .
" What we have done is resolved this conundrum by saying that ocean currents were actually different in the past .
" So it was possible - not probable , but possible . "
The idea of mammals being transported on " rafts " of vegetation was first mooted back in 1940 by US researcher George Simpson .
He developed the " sweepstakes " hypothesis because the biodiversity on Madagascar was unique , lacking " megafauna " such as elephants , lions and zebras .
If the animals had reached Madagascar via a " land bridge " - meaning the landmass was connected to the African continent - Simpson argued that large mammals would have also made the journey .
He added that the match between the currents and the arrival of new mammals on Madagascar was " pretty good " .
It is understood that the common ancestor of present - day lemurs arrived on Madagascar between 60 million and 50 million years ago ; tenrecs ( such as hedgehogs ) appeared 42 - 25 million years ago , and rodents between 24 million and 20 million years ago .
" About 20 million years ago , the ' flow ' of species stopped , " Dr Huber observed .
" When I look at my simulations for 20 million years ago , the currents are going the same way as they do today . "
He explained that change in the direction of the current in the Mozambique Channel was a result of the slow northward movement of Africa and Madagascar .
This meant that the influence of the southern oceanic gyre was gradually weakened , causing the " sweepstake " route to be closed .
He said : " The ' switch ' might have turned off gradually between 50 million and 20 million years ago , but by 20 million years ago , the journey was impossible . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Djeher , a male mummy , lived in the Ptolemaic era 304-30 BC Hardening of the arteries has been found in Egyptian mummies - suggesting that the risk factors for heart disease may be ancient , researchers say .
A team of US and Egyptian scientists carried out medical scans on 22 mummies from Cairo's Museum of Antiquities .
They found evidence of hardened arteries in three of them and possible heart disease in three more .
All the mummies were of high socio-economic status and would have had a rich diet .
Details of the study by the University of California , the Mid America Heart Institute , Wisconsin Heart Hospital and Al Azhar Medical School in Cairo appear in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
The team said the subjects ' bodies had been preserved by mummification because they were serving in the court of the Pharaoh or were priests or priestesses .
The X - rays were checked by five experienced cardiovascular imaging physicians on the team .
AN ANCIENT MUMMY HEART CASE
The most ancient mummy diagnosed with atherosclerosis was Lady Raj She lived for 30 to 40 years around 1530 BC
She was nursemaid to Queen Ahmose Nefertari She predated Moses by 300 years and King Tutankhamun by 200
They showed that 16 of the 22 mummies had identifiable arteries or hearts left in their bodies after the mummification process .
Nine of these had calcified deposits in the wall of the artery leading to the heart or in the path where the artery should have been .
Some mummies had calcification in up to six different arteries .
Definite hardened arteries or atherosclerosis , in other words a build - up of fat , cholesterol , calcium and other substances in the blood vessels , was present in three .
Of the mummies who had died when they were older than 45 , seven out of eight had calcification whereas only two out of eight of the younger mummies did .
There were no differences in calcification between men and women .
' No hunter - gatherers '
The researchers said that while ancient Egyptians did not smoke tobacco , eat processed food or lead sedentary lives , they were not hunter - gatherers .
Agriculture was well - established and meat consumption appears to have been common among those of high social status .
Dr Gregory Thomas , from the University of California , said : " While we do not know whether atherosclerosis caused the demise of any of the mummies in the study , we can confirm that the disease was present in many .
" So humans in ancient times had the genetic predisposition and environment to promote the development of heart disease .
" The findings suggest that we may have to look beyond modern risk factors to fully understand the disease . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The first major experiment with broadcasting a federal trial has found its case , and it is bound to create controversy ( and some great television ) .
A federal judge in San Francisco said today that the trial over the constitutionality of California ’s Proposition 8 , that banned same - sex marriages in the state , will be televised starting on Jan. 11 .
The American Foundation for Equal Rights , which is helping fund the case against Prop 8 , announced in a tweet that the judge approved televising the case and having video available on Youtube , pending the okay of an appeals court which approved the experiment .
The trial will not be available “ live , ” something requested by media outlets .
Instead , the trial will be recorded by the court and then made available later , according to a spokesperson for the court .
While states have allowed the televising of trials for some time — Court TV created an entire network around the idea — federal courts have not previously allowed the televising of non-criminal trials .
But the Ninth Circuit appeals court approved experimenting with broadcasting trials in December and the chief judge who oversees the federal trial courts in northern California thinks the Prop 8 trial is the perfect place to start the TV cameras rolling .
Judge Vaughn R. Walker had been signaling that the Prop 8 trial was ripe for the glare of the television lights since the Ninth Circuit approved the experiment .
He ’s set - up a website about the trial , issued guidance to the media , allowed computers and texting , and now said the cameras can carry coverage .
Supporters of Prop 8 have opposed televising the trial from the beginning .
Their chief concern — as laid out by Edward Whelan at the National Review , who calls it a “ show trial ” — is that it violates the spirit of rules set out by the Supreme Court and the federal judiciary .
But more important , critics argue , witnesses and counsel will face harassment and intimidation by same - sex marriage activists .
These are kangaroo - court procedures .
As counsel for the Proposition 8 sponsors spell out in their letters opposing televised proceedings , the fair - trial concerns that animate the Judicial Conference ’s opposition to televised proceedings apply with special force in this case .
Given all the harassmentof Proposition 8 supporters that has already occurred , “ it is not surprising , ” as counsel ’s December 28 letter puts it , that “ potential witnesses have already expressed to [ counsel ] their great distress at the prospect of having their testimony televised ” and that “ some potential witnesses have indicated that they will not be willing to testify at all if the trial is broadcast or webcast beyond the courthouse . ”
The likelihood of intensified harassment of counsel is also obvious .
Same - sex marriage supporters want the telegenic odd - couple of David Boies and Ted Olsen , who represent Prop 8 opponents , all over the news for the next month because they believe broadcasting the trial will bring sympathy to their cause .
When the judge announced he was taking comments on the proposal to allow cameras , groups like the Courage Campaign began a petition and letter - writing effort to encourage allowing cameras in the courtroom .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
" All of them either fell in bam - knock - your - socks - off love , or came to it through feminism , " she said .
" Newer generations do n't have to do what we did .
In the '60s , we were trying hard to show that girls and boys are n't that different .
But really , lesbians are more like straight women than we are like gay men .
Men go for sex first ; women go for emotion first .
It does n't mean women do n't like sex and men are n't emotional .
When men come out , a lot of times they sort of crash out - you know , ' So many boys , so little time . '
Women tend more to be serial monogamists .
But from conversations I 've had with younger women , maybe that 's just generational . "
Abstract
The current domain name system ( DNS ) couples ownership of domains with the responsibility of serving data for them .
The DNS security extensions ( DNSSEC ) allow verificaton of records obtained by alternate means , opening exploration of alternative storage systems for DNS records .
We explore one such alternative using DHash , a peer - to - peer distributed hash table built on top of Chord .
Our system inherits Chord 's fault - tolerance and load balance properties , at the same time eliminating many administrative problems with the current DNS .
Still , our system has significantly higher latencies and other disadvantages in comparison with conventional DNS .
We use this comparison to draw conclusions about general issues that still need to be addressed in peer - to - peer systems and 1
Google Voice is great , but it is n't an entirely free voice - over - internet service if you have to pay a phone bill to use it .
With a few tweaks , though , you can make completely free internet phone calls with Google Voice .
Here 's how .
Advertisement
Note : Gizmo5 's desktop software once offered great free VoIP calling through Google Voice .
So great , in fact , that Google bought the maker , closed sign - ups , and now sits on it .
Here 's the new , up - to - date , and completely free way to make free internet calls with Google Voice .
Advertisement
When you 've got Sipgate set up as one of your Google Voice numbers , you can , basically make and receive calls from your computer as if it were just a large and awkwardly designed cellphone .
You can still pick up calls to your main number on your cellphone or other lines , or just pick it up on your laptop or desktop , with a good headset or just your built - in mic and speakers .
You 'll save yourself cellular minutes , possibly experience better call quality , and record calls with ease .
Not quite sure what Google Voice does , or why you 'd want it ?
We 've been there ourselves .
Skim through our takes on whether you 'd actually need Google Voice , how to ease your transition to Google Voice , or simply skim through Google 's comprehensive video guide , the introduction to which is below :
When you 're done setting up a free VoIP service through Google Voice , you 'll be able to pull off the same kind of free calling from your desktop as you could once do with Gizmo5 — but with Gizmo5 closed to sign - ups at the moment , and no word from Google on future digital calling , this is the cheap and easy way to go , for the time being .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
What You 'll Need
Google Voice account : Google Voice is a free service that , as of June 22nd ( today if you 're reading this when it published ) , is available for everyone Google Voice homepage
Google Voice is a free service that , as of June 22nd ( today if you 're reading this when it published ) , is Sipgate account & phone number :
Both are free — even the real phone number that folks can call you on all they want .
Sipgate very cheap digital phone network Sipgate One
Both are free — even the real phone number that folks can call you on all they want .
Audio tools for computer calls :
You can make and take phone calls using your laptop 's microphone and speakers , but if you 're going to be talking regularly , you 'll probably want to upgrade to a decent USB headset with microphone .
You can make and take phone calls using your laptop 's microphone and speakers , but if you 're going to be talking regularly , you 'll probably want to upgrade to a decent USB headset with microphone .
Cellphone with text messaging : Just for a verification code that Sipgate sends .
You wo n't need the cellphone to actually use your free VoIP setup .
Advertisement
Step 1 : Set Up Sipgate
Setting up a Sipgate account is a pretty familiar process , and less intensive then , say , Google Voice .
Here 's the abbreviated walkthrough :
Advertisement
Head to the Sipgate One site and click the " Sign up now " button .
You 'll be asked to provide your cellphone number and carrier , then get a text message with a short verification code .
Advertisement
After filling it in , you 'll be asked to provide some information : name , address , email , and a password .
The email must be real and used , because you 'll use it to verify your account further .
The address , if you do n't love the idea of giving it away , can be relative — it 's used primarily to pin down your location and figure out which area codes you 'd want .
About those area codes — Sipgate does n't offer all of them .
In fact , in upstate New York , Sipgate only offered 518 and 845 , and after selecting 518 , it turns out Sipgate plum ran out .
I had to pretend like I lived in San Diego ( good people live there ! ) to pin down a number , but since this is a software phone and I 'm connecting through my proper Google Voice number , it did n't really matter to me .
Your mileage may vary , but your friends and contacts are only calling your Google Voice number , which then rings you on your computer , so the actual number does n't matter all that much .
Advertisement
Once you 've picked out and confirmed your number , you 'll be asked to download and install the software .
I 'd recommend just downloading , but not yet installing and launching the Sipgate desktop software .
Respond to your email activation message , and keep moving through the setup process .
Advertisement
You 'll eventually arrive at a screen where you 'll have to pin down an exact address , for what I 've reasoned is the inclusion of E - 911 data with the phone number Sipgate is issuing you .
Depending on the area you 're trying to obtain a phone number in , you may end up with a failure message indicating that there are no numbers available for the address and area code you picked out .
This is how I ended up virtually moving to San Diego .
Be sure to pick out the options indicated for a free , single number , so that your sign - up form looks akin to this :
Advertisement
Head into your Sipgate settings by signing in ( upper right corner ) at Sipgate.com , then clicking " Settings " in the upper - right corner .
In the default " Phone " section , you 'll likely see the cellphone you provided as linked to your account .
Mouse over that cellphone , and select either " Delete device " ( which most of us can safely do ) , or " Deactivate " ( if you think you might pull off some fancy VoIP - to - cell tricks in the future ) .
Either way , you want " Phone of ( Your Name ) " to be the primary call taker , since that 's your Sipgate number .
If Sipgate bugs you to set up routing to your phone , go ahead and click the link to do so .
Your Sipgate routing setup should , in the end , be very simple — one phone number rings one ( virtual ) phone .
Advertisement
There 's one last area to address inside Sipgate , because the service tends to capture its incoming calls with its own voicemail system , rather than letting Google Voice pick up the unanswered call .
Head into Sipgate 's voicemail , call forwarding and hunting rules .
Advertisement
To put it simply , you 're going to clear out everything — any forwarding rules , the basic voicemail condition , all of it .
When you 're done , this settings area should look like the example at left , with Sipgate indicating " You have not set up voicemail or call forwarding " for either your number or your account .
Once that 's done , you could log into your Sipgate software and test it out by calling your new number from a cellphone or landline , but you do n't need to — we 're going to have Google Voice call you anyways , to connect your number .
Advertisement
Step 2 : Connecting to Google Voice
Advertisement
Head to your Google Voice " Phones " settings and click the " Add another phone " link at the bottom of your list .
Enter a name ( maybe " Sipgate " ) and the phone number Sipgate assigned you , with area code , along with picking a phone type ( " Home " or " Work " should play ) and un-checking the " Receive text messages " option , then hit " Save . "
Google Voice will now ask to call that number and have you punch in a two - digit code to verify it 's yours .
Make sure your Sipgate software is running , and that you 're signed in , and then go ahead and authorize Google Voice to call .
When the call comes through , switch over to the " Dialpad " tab on your Sipgate window , type in the code provided at the Google Voice site , and you 'll hear Voice congratulate you on hooking the two together .
You can now head back to your Phones settings at Google Voice , choose Advanced Settings , and detail exactly when your Sipgate number should ring .
Advertisement
Step 3 : Using Sipgate from Your Computer
Advertisement
On both Windows and Mac , Sipgate 's software is fairly minimalist — if you 're used to Skype 's mannerisms , it 'll seem nearly invisible .
It 's a rectangular box with just four tabs , and its main purpose is to sit there and wait for you to dial a number or receive a call .
That 's fine for accepting calls — when you want to make a call , you 're going to use Google Voice tools .
Advertisement
Sipgate gives you 60 free outbound call minutes with your phone number , but you do n't really need to use them .
Google Voice is a pretty ubiquitous service , at least where internet service is available .
From a laptop or desktop , you can use a few tools to place an outgoing call — which will technically call you on your Sipgate number , then connect the call when you pick up .
Advertisement
One final note on a little side - benefit of Sipgate — the software can natively record calls .
Google Voice can record calls , too — but only on an incoming call , and you have to pull up the dialpad and press " 4 . "
Sipgate 's desktop software simply records your call and offers it up as an MP3 when you 're done .
Like Google Voice , Sipgate will make a very obvious announcement that it 's recording the call , to comply with the many different call - recording laws , but it 's a pretty nice feature on the whole .
Advertisement
Big thanks go to reader Justin , who originally came across the Sipgate / Voice combo and blogged about it , along with tipping us .
Advertisement
Got your Google Voice / Sipgate setup running and digging it so far ?
Having a problem , missing a feature from Gizmo5 , or have another tip for a better free phone life ?
Tell us your take in the comments .
VIEWPOINT
Tim Aldred
World leaders must listen to the people who put them in power and quickly make amends for failing to deliver a binding climate deal in Copenhagen , says Tim Aldred .
In this week 's Green Room , he says time is not on our side , as many of the world 's poorest nations are already feeling the effects of climate change .
We must spare no effort in carrying the voices of those most affected in poor countries to those in power who so spectacularly disappointed in Denmark
Copenhagen : Deal or no deal ?
" Hopenhagen " - the epithet enthusiastically bestowed upon the recent climate talks in Denmark - has turned out to be not only a touch cheesy , but with hindsight , hopelessly misplaced and painfully mocking .
Aside from the to - be -expected justifications from the politicians themselves , rarely have verdicts on international summits been quite so united in their expressions of disappointment , derision and outright condemnation .
And yet ordinary citizens had made plain to their politicians what was required .
A week before I left for Copenhagen , I marched with 50,000 people in the streets of London - one of several thousand events held in 140 countries around the world .
An 11th - hour email petition , as the summit stumbled to a conclusion , attracted an extraordinary 14 million signatures .
Millions of people were speaking , but were not being heard by the politicians .
After two years of build - up to Copenhagen , the highlights of what our politicians agreed in our name were : • A near - global acknowledgement that global warming should be limited to less than 2C ( 3.6 F ) , the degree of warming generally accepted as being " dangerous " .
Arguably , this was one of the top " successes " from Copenhagen • Rich countries must register the emissions cuts they will make by 2020 by the end of January 2010 .
However , there is no guarantee that this will limit warming in the future as what countries announce they will cut is up to them • New and additional money " approaching $ 30bn " will be channelled to poorer nations over the period 2010 - 12 , and the goal of providing an annual sum of $ 100bn by 2020 .
But there remain real questions about whether a special Copenhagen Green Climate Fund will reach the target of $ 100bn , which many say is , at best , half of what is needed But this is nowhere near enough .
As ordinary citizens we must now redouble our efforts to get the politicians back to the negotiating table .
Something rotten
We must spare no effort in carrying the voices of those most affected in poor countries to those in power who so spectacularly disappointed in Denmark .
Here are two such responses from people with whom I work : Firstly , Bruno Guemes , a development worker for Progressio in Peru : " People here feel that these international summits are more of a power game rather than about meeting real need .
Nice place , shame about the deal - Copenhagen failed to deliver " In the valley of Huaral , one of the country 's most fragile zones , where a third of people rely on small - scale farming to make a living and feed their families , glaciers and snow - caps are melting , rains are less frequent and water resources are running dry .
" In one community , people are taking decisive action in response to water shortages - all but the elderly are leaving their ancestral lands .
" If governments continue with a ' business as usual ' approach to climate change - as they did in Copenhagen - we will be left alone . "
Secondly , Angel Maria Ibarra Turcios , director of Salvadorian Ecological Unity : " My first reaction to the outcome of the Copenhagen summit was one of indignation .
" We ( the civil society ) are not going to accept the failure of Copenhagen .
The governments have failed , which means that we have to find new ways of civil society involvement .
" We have to find new partnerships between organisations in the North and the South .
" The Central American region is already experiencing climate change .
We had a major drought last year , followed by a flooding .
Two hundred people died .
Marches in cities around the globe urged world leaders to act " We are disappointed but not defeated .
We 'll keep working for a better tomorrow because we believe that the future has to be a future of peace and hope for the whole world . "
It is the voices of people like Bruno and Angel , who face the realities of climate change every day , that can spur those of us in rich countries to do more than just change our light bulbs and put our televisions on standby .
We must play a part in changing the politics - as - usual approach to climate change .
We must help to generate an irresistible mass movement of ordinary citizens in order to intensify the pressure around climate change - so that politicians will have to take brave action at the climate summit in Mexico in 2010 .
They must hear that we do not accept this outcome from Copenhagen , and we demand that they do better .
They must hear that we are not going away and that we will come back stronger .
If we allow this defeat to stop us as ordinary citizens from campaigning and bringing pressure , then the climate sceptics will have won .
We can not allow that to happen .
For some of us , taking greater action might mean joining one of the many development and environmental groups who constantly cajole and seek to persuade politicians to take faster and deeper action on climate change .
Wherever we live in the developed and developing world , if we have the opportunity , let us meet politicians , write letters , join campaigns , march on the streets as we did in our tens of thousands in the run-up to Copenhagen , but in vastly greater numbers .
In 12 months , we want the glow of success from the Mexico summit to make " Hopenhagen " seem like a bad dream .
Tim Aldred is head of policy for Progressio , an international development agency that works with poor communities in 11 countries The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with Tim Aldred ?
Was the Copenhagen climate summit a disaster ?
Are you hopeful that world leaders will deliver a binding deal to tackle climate change in the next 12 months ?
Do we need a different approach to prevent the world sliding towards dangerous climate change ?
While I believe there are high degree of uncertainty of the future of Earth -- partially due to natural processes , partially due to mankind .
While I do not like the doomsday strategy of some of the environmentalist , I am convinced humans are creating a major impart to nature .
I have some skepticism about issues like sea level and global temperature rise , I think people need to step away from global warming and see the even bigger picture -- things like extinction of wildlife , air pollution , acid rain , and ground water pollution are far more well observed changes to our Earth .
I agree with Sanjay that over - population is an extremely serious issue .
Yet no one will confront it .
We need to step up to protect the environment -- Copenhagen was a farce .
So are people in the on far side of both spectrum -- in the greens and denial camps .
Common sense and the stop of procrastination need to prevail .
Humans do not own nature .
Damage to nature will ultimately harms mankind themselves .
Skepticism about politicians and scientist claims in global change is good , but it is neither an excuse for inaction as that was nothing but procrastination .
Steven Chan , Tallahassee Florida
The science of global climate change is NOT legitimately disputed .
Opponents of a binding deal to combat global warming can only spout baseless rhetoric soaked in fear .
Our collective inability to take responsibility for the impact we have on our environment is disgraceful , and the inaction stemming from this failure will overshadow any societal progress that could be perceived from this era .
History will write us as a great short - sighted blotch of self absorbed denial and shame .
Dane Heins , Oklahoma , United States Lets nail the lie - climate change campaigners like Tim Aldred do n't speak for ordinary people .
Never have done , never will .
For you see the penny dropped for ordinary people in Copenhagen .
Right cross the world billions now realise that the Green movement is fundamentally anti-humanistic , anti-democratic and anti-wealth .
Human aspirations are not best served by a belief that to be born human is now a sin against the planet , and once born we are to be dealt with by being made forever fearful and poor .
It 's time poor people lifted their eyes and look at the giant fraud that is being perputated in their name .
It is time to save the people , all the people .
As for the planet , well , as it has done over the past 4 billion years it can look after itself .
Malcolm , Dundee , Scotland Sarah Ferguson , science is never totally " settled " else it would n't be science at all .
Rgds , Damon
Damon Hart - Davis , London , UK I am not agreed with this writer .
We should see the Copenhagen summit in a positive attitude instead of much criticism .
And this Copenhagen climate summit has been drawn the kind attention of all political leaders to build this planet for the survival of our next generation .
Through this meeting all poor and least developed countries have been got a chance to raise their vulnerable condition to the world leaders .
And also I believe , world leaders will take necessary action to tackle climate change in 12 months .
Definitely , we need a different approach which will be positively strong to prevent the world sliding towards dangerous climate change .
Engr Salam , Kushtia , Bangladesh
Tim the Copenhagen deal was never ment to be China never intended for us to make any sort of head way on this for it is not in their best intrest .
China and only China is to blame for this failure .
So until china is ready to set at the table there is no need for the rest of us include them in any discusions that matter .
Just my thoughts on the matter .
V/R Moorefallen
Moorefallen , Honolulu Ordinary citizens making plain their views is obviously not enough .
These leaders need to be voted out .
Katherine Jaeger , Shamokin , PA , USA
There is only one reason the summit failed .
The politicians do not believe the problem is man made , i know i do n't .
Jeff , Belper I am so worried about our future in this unique planet where the life happened to be .
Our profit of a full century is going to have to be spent on reverting the climate .
It 's a shame that we picture " the heaven " as a green , full of life plane in which we used to be living in the beginning of this human age .
Why did n't we preserve what we had in the first place ??
Ozgur Yardimci , Muscat / Oman
When will the Biassed BBC look at the evidence and not the speculation ?
Sadly you have lost the objectivity of which Lord Reith was so proud .
The evidence is that the science is by no means settled and supports the view that we should deal with poverty , education and economic development rather than indulge in a King Canute scenario .
So in answer to your questions : I do not agree with Tim Aldred and I am thankful that the summit was a disaster .
I do not think that politicians should rely on the current science and most definitely should not reach an agreement to try and alter the climate without a better idea of the collateral damage .
Adaptation rather than mitigation should be the watchword .
Sarah Ferguson , Jersey
How can water shortage be a symptom of global warming when global warming leads to higher precipitation ( allegedly this is causing floods ) ?
How can it be that every change is attributed to global warming ?
Is global warming thus an unfalsifiable hypothesis ?
DirkH , Braunschweig , Germany
We have six and a half billion people on the planet going rapidly towards seven .
If I look at my national figure it is more than 1.16 billion .
China - 1.33 billion , USA -306 million , Indonesia-230million and Brazil - 191 million
We are in an automatic world , if human population has to grow than population of other species have to decline or extinct automatically .
The grown up population automatically brings scarcity of water , pollution , competition , deforestation , waste material disposal challenges , rising temperatures due to increase in green house gases , growing acidic tendency in oceans , ozone layer depletion , poverty , unemployment etc. and every individual is more burdened and frustrated while adopting the rising pace of the latest trends and competition .
In last one decade only , we have spoiled many things dramatically on our planet .
Think of last footprints of those species , which are at the verge of extinction .
We must promote small family norms vigorously to achieve replacement levels of total fertility rate .
How politicians alone can fix this mammoth task ?
The fears of politicians are not real .
Every transition requires toughness and determination at the initial stage but afterwards politician themselves would realise the difference .
Unknowingly , or because of routine and lifestyle pressures we require fossil fuel , electricity and many other items which actually harm the planet .
We live in seconds , minutes , hours , days , months and years .
We do not think of decades and centuries .
But decades and centuries are consist of seconds only .
We must develop the environment profession quite similar to any other regular professions like army , police , business , politics , education and alike .
We require well established environmental forces for repairing the damages done to our planet and for maintaining biodiversity , health of our environment and of course for well being of our future generations .
In early centuries the pressure of population and climate change was almost negligible due to limited rise in numbers , suitable environment conditions and presence of abundant forest , water , wildlife and other natural resources .
Now with the weak atmospheric conditions and limited numbers of forest and natural reserves only human beings are left to share this burden .
Nature has given us similar body , similar organs , similar age , air to breath , natural water to quench our throats , same senses to feel joy and pain , same Sun light , same darkness , and many other infinite similar things .
That is the ' biggest and genuine natural justice and equity ' we have .
Politicians should not blame each other instead they must focus on the correct side .
Sanjay Singh
Thakur , Indore , India I whole - heartedly agree with Tims comments .
But it is not the environment that is sickest - it is the economy , fundamentally operating under the wrong reward metrics .
If ' Health and Wellfare ' were the reward metrics of international trade tender then a Copenhagen treaty would have sailed to consensus .
And international management consultants would be prevented from applying ' lean recruitment strategy ' to improve their clients bottom line .
Let 's keep the pressure on international politics to deliver the goods .
Alistair Chisholm , London Climate change is happening now , obviously here in the Kootenay area of B.C.
It is especially obvious when one visits glaciers and watches reports about what is going on in our north .
The Inuit want winter back .
Ice is no longer safe for them to go out and hunt from as they once did .
Shame on all of the politicians and naysayers .
They are wrong .
I have confidence in the reports of the IPCC and this group checks and rechecks their work - its called peer review .
Humankind must unite - this is both a scientific , geographic , social and spiritual problem .
We are here together and here we must fix the problem .
Let 's work together and clean up the mess .
norman fields , Castlegar , . BC , Canada I hear a lot of people disputing global warming , and I think the term global warming has been thoroughly beaten into two words that people are tired of hearing about .
A more appropriate name for our current global situation would be Environmental Decay .
And everything in basic ecology shows us that when an environment is destroyed , ultimately , life is destroyed .
As humans it is our job to protect the earth we get everything from , the earth was not created specifically for humans and after we are gone , the earth will remain .
There was life before us and there will be life after us but why should we bring about our own extinction ?
It is widely accepted that the temperature of the earth changes naturally through a period of time .
But the changing temperature of the earth is n't what we should be combating , it is everything else we do to the planet , from mining to fishing to forestry .
Everything humans do impacts our environment and it is high time we take responsibility for our actions and make our world a better place for everyone , not just the countries with the most money .
If the politicians refuse to negotiate a solution the citizens of the planet must take matters into their own hands and improve their own personal environment , if that change happens , larger change will be possible .
Logan Parker , Columbia , Missouri , USA
With biggest polluters being China and US , unfortunately the only chance of success is when those two twin powers join the action ...
As we have witnessed in Copenhagen , China is not going to lower its emissions as they believe it is their privilege to pollute now simply because others have done so before ...
And if EU goes with ambitious plans costing billions our economy will suffer further with jobs switching to China ...
Its a vicious circle and unless developing countries put China under pressure to join the action the best we can hope for is only limited success ...
Marcin , Warsaw , Poland
This was the best of a selection of bad outcomes we could expect .
Not only is there now no proof of global warming * ALL the major data sets are compromised ) even the theory has recently been put in doubt .
The theory that CO2 causes global warming violates the 1st and 2nd law of Thermodynamics .
If it were real we'd have perpetual motion machine which is just pure science fiction .
We also find that the biggest movers and shakers in the the AGW camp ( aka Global Cooling Denialists ) are all heavily involved in Big Oil .
Quite the reverse of how it is portrayed in the mainstream media .
Even the BBC has a financial interest in promoting Global Warming as opposed to presenting a balanced view
John Walters , Caerffili People who still do n't believe that climate change is happening really must be entirely and completely stupid , or too afraid of whats happening to admit it .
However , I 'm pretty sure they may as well continue to live in Disneyland with their fingers stuck in their ears and their eyes screwed shut , as more than one leading scientist has already described the situation as beyond help .
To be honest I suspect we 're all facing adaptation to the changes rather than prevention already , and we can't do much to change that .
That being said , it is frustrating that so many people are still saying ' i dont see how this works so i dont believe in it ' .
Last I checked , I do n't understand how the combustion engine works , as im not an engineer , but you know what , I do believe that it does .
Maybe they 'll believe in it when they have to wear a snorkel to work ?
Or perhaps they 're hoping all that extra water will just run off the side of the flat earth ?
Andy Clark , Reading Perhaps never before in recent human history there was a topic that warranted the entire world to agree on a common approach and solution as climate change has asked for .
What happened in Copenhagen was clearly a sign that :
1 . We will continue to debate on which scientific data and theory is best and factual .
The search for rational reality on climate change is now being driven to consensus mode as opposed to sticking with facts , but then which facts represents the truth and whose truth will win out ?
2. Politics will always look at short term implications .
No politician worth his salt will like to antagonize vote banks asking them to change lifestyle , pay more for energy and the like 3 .
Geo-economics forces also play a major part .
Who messed up the climate , who should pay and why will be questions that cannot be answered in one summit .
In the end we should admit that all our actions to climate change may end up being reactive to its impacts .
The solution to climate change is to look inwards for all of us individually and as societies rather look outwards in a never ending blame game
santosh khatelsal , Bangalore , India
In brief , COP15 was a compromise made for short term benefit seen by US , China and other nations while ignoring long term consequences feared by all .
If people around the world are really serious about climate change issue and act now the outcomes of COP15 meeting carries no significance , but if we are not yet serious then best way is to wait COP16 , 17 ... and so on .
Current situation reminds me of a childhood story , when a group of people found abundant wealth in the middle of ocean .
They could not give up filling their boat with the treasures , knowing the fact that boat could finally go down .
We are now on the same boat which has already started drowning !!!
Binaya , Kyoto Tim Aldred 's juvenile conviction that he represents some part of a worldwide popular movement fighting to save the planet may be touching , but is quite delusional .
His earnest understanding of climate change has clearly been built on the sort of junk science and fraud so comprehensively exposed at the Climate Research Unit , University of East Anglia , and which has now undermined the very foundations of his man-made climate change religion .
As for claims of a 14 million emails petition , well , it 's just not very impressive , is it ?
If it 's such an urgent global issue , a response of less than a quarter of one per cent of the global population does n't seem much of an endorsement to me .
Tim , if you want to do good works , I suggest you do so for real charities , not fake ones like Progressio , which rely on funding from the government through taxpayer handouts .
Not much public support being shown there , I suggest .
Let 's be honest , your ' charity ' is really just another part of the hopelessly ineffective and inefficient Department of International Development , and you are just another hectoring , uninformed and unproductive public sector worker that we can easily do without , thanks .
Alan Jones , Alton , Hants
The whole thing is like the story of King Canute ; trying in vain to hold back the tide .
No matter how many billions politicians throw at the problem , the relentless march of climate change prevails .
They 're not miracle workers .
Marc , Norwich , Norfolk , England
This is about trust really .
Trust the majority of scientific opinion and you have to accept climate change - and probably man-made too .
If you don´t trust this opinion enough then you might be tempted to doubt .
However I am not clear what doubters are putting their own trust in ( bear in mind we are trying to consider the future of the planet here ) .
Is it the feeling that things should not be meddled with ?
A bit of a contradiction if you also think that human activity has had no impact on the climate .
Is it just anger that the scientific case is not watertight , or has been perverted by a few ?
This is a hopelessly unrealistic view of science .
Is it a strong scientific counter case ?
If so it has been kept well out of sight ( except for some pseudo - scientific activity in discussion groups ) .
Maybe it is the feeling that our lifestyles are threatened .
They are , and this is probably the strongest motive to sweep the issue under the carpet and keep the blinkers on tight .
Most people can see what it implies if we have to moderate our use of fossil fuel and they don´t like it .
peter , Christchurch , DORSET
Relying on politicians to do the right thing has always been a mistake because it 's only when we citizens get off our duff that real change happens .
As Copenhagen demonstrated , the most hopeful aspect was the united peaceful protest in the streets .
In the U.S. , we have enjoyed prosperity at the expense of the environment and poorer nations whose resources we have unfairly taken .
That 's a fact that no developed nation wants to really look at because it 's payback time on the Planet .
Payback will happen one way or another .
William Grant Macdonald , Eugene Oregon USA
Thank you Mr. Andy Clark for your comments to the point .
Mr. and Mrs. Ordinary
Joe do not need to understand the science , the data sets and all the IPCC Assessment Reports simply because they cannot .
And it would be a titanesque job to try to convince everybody on this planet that the climate IS really changing , mostly for worse .
Our 193 governments have all endorsed the conclusions of the scientists from the IPCC .
Even Saudi Arabia 's government .
It is pretty clear that the climate change deniers are only a pathetic small number of voices , funded by the ever richer oil lobby , therefore quite powerful to make all their noise .
I would beg the media to stop asking if their readers are climate warmist or deniers .
This is a false debate .
Let 's roll up our sleeves .
Our governments must get to work and take strong measures NOW .
Pascale Collas , Ottawa , Canada
I think that those of us who can must lead by example and ' put our money where our mouth is '
I am in the process of fitting one water heating solar panel and will then follow by fitting photo voltaic panels when the French government provides the necessary metering systems to let me put the surplus back into the grid .
The water panel will reduce my consumption of fuel oil by 50 % , possibly more .
The photo voltaic panels would make my house , which is over 300 years old , carbon negative .
If all those who can afford to do this do so we will have made a very large contribution .
Continue to harass the politicians but also try to do something yourself .
It all helps .
Tim Proctor , St Jean Pied de Port , France Moorefallen of Honolulu , the US with less than a 1/4 of the population of China , emits almost as much pollution as China !!
To have a level playing field , the US * MUST * first reduce their pollution by at least 75 % before any of its citizens can point a finger at any other country !!
Similarly , Britain emits 3 times , per capita , as the Chinese .
Therefore , they too have to reduce their emission by at least 66 % .
The Chinese have already offered to match the equivalent progress as the developed countries .
To do any more will not be fair !!
That 's why the developing countries walked out of the main talks because the so called " deal " was made by the developed countries for the benefit of the developed countries and not for the benefit of the world !!
All else is ritualistic , political posturing and propaganda !!
Do n't believe all those spin and lies .
Open your eyes to the facts !!
Ishkandar , London Kyoto resulted in a legally binding agreement but no real good came of it , so why should any of us care a hoot that Copenhagen did not product a legally binding agreement ?
Something far more important resulted from the Copenhagen summit : a flexible agreement involving the world 's major polluting countries and a country with one of the world 's largest rainforests .
But even before Copenhagen there was other positive action : the agreement between Brazil and Norway , and the unilateral action by the owners of the Empire State Building .
These examples are the way forward , not some watered - down , ineffectual agreement that purports to satisfy every nation on Earth .
David , Cheshire
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PC Perspective may have broken the End User Licensing Agreement , a Non-Disclosure Agreement , and probably annoyed OnLive to no end when the site borrowed someone 's beta account for a detailed write - up on the performance of the service , but with the testing done far outside the beta 's supported area , the write - up has caused no small amount of controversy .
Yesterday , OnLive responded to the criticism via its official blog .
Its defense : something about the speed of light .
Location , location , location
The final , production version of OnLive promises to adapt to your Internet connection and location every time you connect , but for now each beta account is linked to a single OnLive location , configured to your ISP and the client you 're using .
" If you change any of these factors , OnLive Beta may not even run , or if it does , the lag and / or graphics performance may render games unplayable , " the company explains .
" OnLive will try to detect these conditions and warn you , but when you are using OnLive in a different location , you are not providing us with usable test data . "
The fact that Ryan Shrout was outside that area means , according to OnLive , there was no possibly way to give him a good experience .
" The reason location is so critical is because of the speed of light .
If you are more than 1,000 miles from an OnLive data center , then the round trip communications delay ( ' ping ' time ) between your home and OnLive will be too long for fast - action video games . "
It 's also a matter of optimization for your particular situation .
" Your Beta account will only connect to the data center it was originally assigned to .
So , if you are assigned to our West Coast data center and then try your Beta account from the Midwest or East Coast , you 'll find the lag impaired to the point where most games are unplayable .
And , depending on how your Beta account was configured for the characteristics of your home ISP , you may see degraded image quality or controller / mouse performance on a different ISP . "
There 's a reason there is a press blackout on coverage of the working service : it 's all locked down to some very specific locations , and controlled for those circumstances .
Shrout was well outside of the testing area when he played with the service , making his findings easy to dismiss .
The question is how long he can fight off the legal attack to get the coverage removed .
Other beta testers come forward
We heard from many beta testers after our story went live , but few were willing to speak on the record ... for the obvious reasons .
One user did agree to give us his take on the service , provided we keep his anonymity .
" OnLive performance is pretty shoddy .
Besides the resolution cap at 720 p — which , mind you , does n't look so hot on a reasonably sized monitor — anything you do on the service will literally cause a jitter .
This includes moving the mouse and pressing keys . "
The beta tester also complained of performance while playing The Maw , which requires the player to turn the camera often to look around , which exacerbated the frame rate issue .
" Online play through Crysis Wars , which I briefly got to test just last night , has better performance , as expected , but not significantly .
Sounds cut out whenever you do anything , and the screen jitters as well , though not as much . "
His teammates agreed that the game ran better on their standard gaming PCs , and he stresses that the title was nearly unplayable in his opinion .
" And for the record , Crysis looked like crap , so I do n't know what specs they were running on . "
Jeez , tell us how you really feel .
The problem is the number of variables at work here .
With beta code , an experience tied to very specific conditions , and everyone operating under tight security , it 's unlikely that we 'll get a clear picture of how the service is shaping up until the actual launch .
What 's clear is that no one is going to be trading in their gaming PC for OnLive , although casual gamers may not be bothered by the limitations being described .
The best - case scenario ?
The ability to test the service in your home before purchase .
A free month , or even week , would be the perfect thing to allow gamers to see what is being offered .
For now , the demand for real - world performance information is strong , so expect more on the topic in the months leading up to launch .
Track my order
Please enter your customer number or order number * plus surname and postcode to track the status of your order .
* Please ensure you include the order prefix ( not just the order number ) , these include :
S , W , RSO , RSG , DEPA BCGD , BCSOS , BCEV and BCBL followed by the order number itself .
Author Message
Nurse Nasty
Joined : 31 Aug 2005
Posts : 7251
Location : Australia , where a dingo stole my eski
Baiting GuruJoined : 31 Aug 2005 Posts : 7251 Location : Australia , where a dingo stole my eski
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 2:34 pm S.C.A.M.M.S. - VS - Nurse Nasty - A Comical Adventure !
Happy New Year !
It was a Saturday .
I was bored .
I had n't had a decent lad - burn - bait in a few months and wondered how cool it would be if I was part of some sort of X - Men-esque mutant team .
What would my powers be ?
What would I wear ?
What would I call myself ?
Ya know , all those deep and soulful questions we ask ourselves .
Instead I decided it would be fun to bait some lads into doing it .
So 2 months , 4 different baits in 4 countries , 8 lad / ladette characters , a variety of accomplices and over 40 pictures trophies later I had assembled the cast .
They needed to be themed , and each have their characters , but what they really needed was their own graphic novel , of sorts .
Now I have photochopped the lads into the comic , but as you see them is how they are .
I have not added items or removed .
I have simply cut out and re-coloured a few .
Thanks to Jose_Cuervo for holding my hand through 40 hours of photochopping ...
I 'm proud to present my wonderful lad / ettes and their glorious efforts .
So click the images and links and enjoy .
I have included a few cameos as well .
DON'T SCROLL ALL THE WAY DOWN YET !
After you finish reading the comic scroll down .
I have provided the artists impression and the original images supplied .
They were told to emulate the characters , and did they ever ...
If you like , I made them A4 compliant , so print them out , staple it together and read it to Granny .
It 's not safe for kids .
< CLICK IMAGE AND LINKS TO ENLARGE >
I do n't want to ruin the surprise , so the rest are just links .
S.C.A.M.M.S. COMIC PAGE 4
S.C.A.M.M.S. COMIC PAGE 5
S.C.A.M.M.S. COMIC PAGE 6
S.C.A.M.M.S. COMIC PAGE 7
S.C.A.M.M.S. COMIC PAGE 8
S.C.A.M.M.S. COMIC PAGE 9
S.C.A.M.M.S. COMIC PAGE 10
Out of the four lads / groups , three are still completely hooked , and the burn has only begun .
This is the last emails from each scammer ...
The players - Oga Oblivious and crew :
Quote :
Thank you very much Daddy , i really respect you in this , Please Daddy , i guess there are lots of things i need to know concerning my followers and the Members , i want you to tell me more of how i can carry them along in this Ministry ?.
Will they be like me in time to come Daddy ?
Please Daddy , tell me how long will it take before i will fully become part of the Family , ?
I just can't wait Daddy .
Please give me your words , and also tell me how big you want the Church over here to be built , I will want to know of these questions i asked you Daddy .
Please Daddy , also keep me posted before you can send any funds across .
Thanks ,
Daddy as you read this mail , God bless you for your heartkinded .
I love you Dad , and i am wishing you happy New Year .
From Fraud - Star and crew :
Quote :
Thanks for your mail , and happy new year in advance , how is the work of God hope all is well , i have
attached the pictures which you requested me to have with my guidians , therefore confirm them and send to me the last paperworkes .
I hope it will meet you in good condition .
THANKS
lOOKING FORWARD TO HEAR FROM YOU
From Red Seal of Truth , and crew :
Quote :
You are my Father and whenever there is a problem I have to come to you for direction .
I know I hurt you but I am appealing for a second chance .
The work you started should not go without baring fruit .
READ THE COMIC BEFORE GOING ANY FURTHER
Artists Impression and Originals
I used a cool character generator and photoshop to make each of the S.C.A.M.M.S.
Here they are :
This lad saw the picture and thought he had to remove all his hair and eyebrows ... well he did .
Originally I thought this lad chopped a picture , but it 's white paper with a flash .
He could n't grasp the concept of going outside to get a better shot .
This was also his second attempt .
I 'll post all the originals at a later date .
I could n't stop laughing at the last two .
I still giggle at how good they look .
Best news .
This is n't finished .
3 lads / groups are still very much active and alive .
I have plans for them ...
_________________
[ Support 419 Eater ] l [ Get Premium ! ] l [ Helpful stuff ] l [ ScamWarners ]
vv Nasty Predicaments
vv
Porno - Lad
Musa Crocodile
Comic Lads
Last edited by Nurse Nasty on Mon Feb 22 , 2010 3:53 am ; edited 9 times in total
A Skinner
Joined : 16 Nov 2003
Posts : 3733
Location : Texas , USA
Texas Lad-Saw MassacreJoined : 16 Nov 2003 Posts : 3733 Location : Texas , USA
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 2:51 pm
This is indeed an artistic masterpiece of work in the 419 world .
I am speachless .
_________________
x 25
X ? x3
x2
SINCE YOU MADE ME TO GIVE MY CAR AWAY AND ALL THE DISAPOINTMENTS YOU GAVE TO ME , WHICH MADE ME TO STOP CONTACTING YOU .
PLEASE DO NOT INVOLVE ME WITH ANYTHING YOU ARE DOING WITH ANYBODY , PLEASE DONT INVOLVE ME.I DONT WANT ANYTHING THAT WILL JEOPARDIZE MY IMAGE IN THIS COUNTRY .I AM A HUMANITARIAN LAWYER .
infact am getting tired with all this speculation in this transaction , honestly if i had known that this is the kind of person you are i would not have contacted for an assistance
Urgent ???
Impotent massage
* Help Keep Eater Running - Click here to donate
FrumpyBB
Joined : 22 Nov 2006
Posts : 5988
Location : Germany
Baiting GuruJoined : 22 Nov 2006 Posts : 5988 Location : Germany
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 3:10 pm
Outstanding stuff I like page 7 most of all .
Yes , we all worship ...
At first I thought WU - man was a non-lad .
Oh no .
He has a good costume .
Should consider an advertising job with that company , ringing a bell and walking up and down the whole cybercafe circuit
_________________
SIR , I DON'T ENTERTAIN RIGMAROLE AND THERE IS NO ROOM FOR DILLY - DALLY .
the ball is in your cult
x 5 ARK & Co. incl. 1 safari w/ RS17 & NTBS
Dan the lotto man , ARK mugu wedding
Dennis the hitman , co-bait w/ Murry Guru
Zake ( w/ SH , SL & Craig )
x 5 Modeling Mugu Meeting , w/ mewing_ghecko & Otterfan & SSC
x 2 another MMM w/ SH
x 13 Later shows and trips for the benefit of M00seknuckle , incl .
the 0budu Fact Finding Mission
Come to our Eater University Baiting Tutorials
Cos you deserve it .
x5 x50 + x 4 --
Jasper
Joined : 31 Mar 2009
Posts : 327
419 Eater is my lifeJoined : 31 Mar 2009 Posts : 327
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 3:11 pm
That was FANTASTIC !!!
I can't wait to see what 's next .....
_________________
well i really do n't no wat ass to say to u than telling u that u own me - Paul
x9
Nurse Nasty
Joined : 31 Aug 2005
Posts : 7251
Location : Australia , where a dingo stole my eski
Baiting GuruJoined : 31 Aug 2005 Posts : 7251 Location : Australia , where a dingo stole my eski
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 3:20 pm
Bait a non-lad ?
Never .
Only lads deserve my wrath .
He 's a lad .
Roped in with Fraud - Star ...
They are running a ' Dying widow with millions scam ' .
Actually Fraud - Star is the ' dying ' widow .
She looks amazingly healthy for someone terminally ill with not long to live .
_________________
[ Support 419 Eater ] l [ Get Premium ! ] l [ Helpful stuff ] l [ ScamWarners ]
vv Nasty Predicaments
vv
Porno - Lad
Musa Crocodile
Comic Lads
llamedos
Joined : 04 Jun 2004
Posts : 2695
Location : ^^^
Wherever the other side has gone to
Been There , Done ThatJoined : 04 Jun 2004 Posts : 2695 Location : ^^^
Wherever the other side has gone to
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 3:21 pm
The bar has been raised out of sight and it's only the 2nd day of 2010 !!
Superb work NN
WU man is hilarious
_________________
x13 x 15
Accra - Lome ( 16/7/05 midnight - 5 am ) Accra - Lome - Benin Jul ' 11
Barrister Addo Williams : I want you to know that I am not impressed with your performance towards this project .
Mattins Wilson : ... and they stated morken me and tarfing at me as if am a full , so please it is enough OK .
/ AND / I promise you for all this furffring that you are furffring to me <---
No , I have n't a clue either
Peter Ovdo : I want you to have trust in me that all is ok as stated in my last mail to you which i wrote in big letters
Ethel Gnassingbe : FOUK YOU AND GO TO HELL
" I am a bomb technician .
If you see me running , try to keep up "
the vampire
Joined : 27 Jul 2008
Posts : 3601
Location : playmobil land
Baiting GuruJoined : 27 Jul 2008 Posts : 3601 Location : playmobil land
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 3:28 pm
Shiver wrote a book but i have high hopes we will see a movie about NN , written by NN , directed by NN and produced by NN .
Of course the lads who will appear in the movie will be paid through WU .
_________________
www.scamwarners.com
I 'm always right !
- Branwen
Jammy
Joined : 24 Oct 2009
Posts : 517
Location : Absolutely , last time I checked .
Master of Master BaitersJoined : 24 Oct 2009 Posts : 517Location : Absolutely , last time I checked .
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 4:37 pm
Wow !
What a wonderful and inspiring present for the new year !
NN , thanks so much .
I laughed my ass off at RSoT man and especially WU man !
_________________
X 4
Published Bait : The Miseducation of Chief Mrs Watusi FBI
Mrs
dr stephen williams
Joined : 06 Aug 2007
Posts : 16747
Location : Dreadful Hater- ville
Baiting GuruJoined : 06 Aug 2007 Posts : 16747Location : Dreadful Hater- ville
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 4:47 pm
That is absolutely astounding , NN .
I am ... amazed ......
This is the funniest shit I have read in yonks , so , my hat , if I were wearing one , would be off to you .
_________________
x10 Acra-Ctnu Tgo - Pnjari Lgos - Ctnu Lgos - Ynde Lgos-Mndmba Lgs - Prku PrtHrcrt -Abche Lgos - Nttngu Bmko - Ctnu ( wDQ ) Frnce - Dbln ( wPadme )
x2 x7 x7 x6 Team Turd Lgs- Dla Bnn-Lbra Acra-Dkar Dkr-Bnjul - Dkr- Tmbktu- Abche - Adre-N'djmna Lgos - Cairo - Aswn - Jail Ctnu - Lgos Ctnu-acra Lgos - Jbrg -Drbn-Prt-Elzbth-CT-Sprngbk-CT-Drbn-CT-Hrre-Lska-DsSlm-Mmbsa-Nirbi-Kmpla 28,510 Miles
x2 x6 x4 Team Woody Acra-Sngpre Acra-Dkr - Rsso-Bmko Acra-Ctnu
Lgos - Dkr - Rsso ( wKLG )
x22 SS x3 x303 :
Juan Freizwidatt
Joined : 18 Apr 2004
Posts : 20834
Location : Hanging out at In - n- Out
AssociateJoined : 18 Apr 2004 Posts : 20834Location : Hanging out at In - n- Out
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 5:25 pm
Brilliant does n't begin to describe this masterpiece of baiting and humor .
Utterly fantastic !
_________________
" SATAN WILL KILL YOU .
BECAUSE YOU ARE A DAUGHTER OF MERMAID "
" HOW DOES IT SOUND TO YOU THAT ANOTHER PERSON IS DEALING WITH YOU AND ASK YOU TO CONTACT ANOTHER PERSON AND NOW YOU SAID THAT YOU WANT TO DEAL WITH THE OTHER PERSON WITHOUT THE KNOWING OF THE PERSON THAT ASK YOU TO CONTACT THE OTHER PERSON "
I apologize again that I will lick the dust from your sandals - Shorty
x4 : Shorty
x 16 :
US lad w/ Capone : ( )
- ATL>DC>ATL > Vegas > Seattle >ATL >San Diego>LA>ATL >Seattle >ATL>WY > ATL >Aspen>ATL ( 21 K + miles , $ 11 K + expenses )
Shorty w/ bohigal :
- Lagos > Abidjan
Random lads :
- Douala > Korup ; Lagos > Cotonou > Parakou ; Cotonou > Niger border ; Cotonou > Pendjari > jail in Tanguietta ; Asaba > Abuja ; Accra>Tamale
KnottyPine
Joined : 24 Dec 2007
Posts : 459
Location : So many Soludos , so little time
419 Eater is my lifeJoined : 24 Dec 2007 Posts : 459Location : So many Soludos , so little time
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 5:44 pm
I am not worthy
" The fastest subhuman on earth : A scammer on his way to collect his money at Western Onion " -- ROFLMFAO
_________________
x1087
you make me feel like crying
Why is it so difficult to receive money from you .
I am having a hunch that you are delibrately making it difficult for me .
I want you to remember all the problems you have put me through from your first bank transfer to the second one to our London account to this very western Union that you sent more than a week ago .
You are putting me through all kind of stress just to receive money from you .
kindly please for God sake re-send it again in a proper way
you are making things so complicated for me ... i can no longer condole all this stress you are making me pass through
Your are so honest i like the way you act .
you are playing games with me , but I still want to beleive in you because I have no much choices right now .
JadeFalcon
Joined : 11 Jul 2009
Posts : 806
Location : United States of Eurasia
Master of Master BaitersJoined : 11 Jul 2009 Posts : 806Location : United States of Eurasia
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 6:01 pm
I have absolutely no idea what to say .
That 's just sheer brilliance !
_________________
x68 x83
Deaded sites :
Hector the pith factory : Benin- Ghana - Liberia , Senegal - Gambia w/ Team Hectard
" fo rizzle my j - fizzle " - BluthBanana
" I am tired of all this questions you do ask me all the time .
You ask question like a small kid . " - Michael Jonathan , avatarlad
< a href= " / forum/donate.php " >
Come on ... You know you want an ORANGE name !</a>
RIP Steward .
Never forget .
Dya Reyarunen - Downmeleg
Joined : 10 Aug 2009
Posts : 4129
Location :
At the toilet door yelling are you almost done in there ?
Oops , too late ...
** REMEMBERED ** Joined : 10 Aug 2009
Posts : 4129 Location :
At the toilet door yelling are you almost done in there ?
Oops , too late ...
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 6:41 pm ^^^
I totally agree with all of the comments and bow down to your baiting genius ...
If there was an Oscar award for baiting you would be a shoo - in .
Baiter of the year , King of baiting etc. etc .
_________________
^ You are my favorite Canadian on Earth .
Pastor Frank
x163
so as to enable the conclusion of this transaction on your behalf since you are not dead because if you are dead you would not have write me because I know that never will a dead
write to living ...
I could receive the document official which you want to forward me for adhesion with [ email protected ]
I am captivated , impressed and hypnotised with your sincerity
This you ’re [ email protected ] has it existed some how somewhere before ?
Your ASSCODE is : 999-035-2655
" I Am Not a Justin Beiber Fan " innocent.
being
Steward , WTF ?
SAY NO TO SCURVY
Loupeitak
Joined : 27 Jun 2009
Posts : 181
Master BaiterJoined : 27 Jun 2009
Posts : 181
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 6:53 pm
Oh my God !
Words cant describe how much you made me laugh !
I love bait man !
This was absolutely incredible !
_________________
x4
Alima Shinkafi - Senegal to Gambia
" Enough of these entire hullabaloos that you are exhibiting . " - John Devaney ( First bait )
" my intention is to submit your information to the bank under the pretence that you are the owner of the funds " - John Devaney ( thanks for giving that away lol )
Slightlyoutofit
Joined : 13 Feb 2007
Posts : 14310
Location : Foraging for Nuts .
Baiting GuruJoined : 13 Feb 2007 Posts : 14310 Location : Foraging for Nuts .
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 7:16 pm Superb .
The standard has been set for 2010 already .
_________________
God will see you true for all this you have done to me you bastard .
- Collins Kalu
MAY THE HAND THAT TYPE ON KEYBORD BECOME STRICKEN AND TRANSMIT VIRUS TO YOU ENTIRE BODY .
- Dr Linda Akeem
oh what a mess its time cabbage punks like u will be expose for trully what they are .
- David Cole
rocko-d - spirito
Joined : 24 Jul 2009
Posts : 137
Master BaiterJoined : 24 Jul 2009
Posts : 137
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 7:22 pm
I almost pissed myself laughing when I saw that pic WU - man .
Probably the funniest thing I 've seen in a long time .
Amazing work and thanks for sharing ; you made my day / weekend !
_________________
" be rest assured that someone from nowhere shall blow a good bullet into your scull soon . "
- Mr O
" which U.S. secretary of state , did you threw feces at .
what was your reason for such stupid act and how mant times will i tell you what to do next . "
- Mrs. Abuchi
U WERE BORN FROM AN EPILEPTIC MADMAN'S SPERM [ email protected ]
Lagos to Accra=" My friend an not happy at this time you have done me painfull thing "
x3
x6
Jonas Parker
Joined : 13 Aug 2009
Posts : 109
Location : Texas
Master BaiterJoined : 13 Aug 2009
Posts : 109Location : Texas
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 7:23 pm Wonderful !
2010 is already a " lost year for lads ! "
_________________
" Mr. Buck , This is not a kids play .
Thank you , Mr. Clarence . "
" ... note that you are a dead man working " - Buster Gang
X4
Huntington
Joined : 23 Dec 2009
Posts : 500
Location : Australia
Master of Master BaitersJoined : 23 Dec 2009
Posts : 500 Location : Australia
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 7:23 pm so far i only seen the pics on this page , works net filter is stopping the links , but regardless your one of a kind mate , thats unbelievable stuff .
would love to read the baits that got them to do that .
simply unbelievable , are you sure your not overpaying these guys ?
they seem eager to work for you .
_________________
x3 ( Gboyz member SMALLBOI )
falsifying a FBI agent is illegal and will get you arrested , we know where you are and will be coming for you if you do not submut to our requests --- Mr Kis ( the FBI agent )
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY BUT ONLY FOOL AT YOURSLEF INDOORSIDE ?
GO TO HEALICKATITY ROOKS ? ( Eve )
BearEater
Joined : 19 Dec 2009
Posts : 13
Hello I 'm New here !
Joined : 19 Dec 2009
Posts : 13
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 8:51 pm Absolutely Brilliant NN !!!
WU - man is the SUPER - HERO to watch !!!
(... the tears of laughter are still rolling .....)
devil_woman
Joined : 20 Mar 2009
Posts : 3382
Location : Anywhere
Baiting GuruJoined : 20 Mar 2009
Posts : 3382 Location : Anywhere
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 9:36 pm NN said " It was a Saturday .
I was bored . "
Boredom turned round in true NN style .
_________________
[ Click here to donate to 419 Eater.com ] </a>
100+45 : goat :
I have trying to access the confirmation code but it always stated Errow Anthony Hills Togo
I am pissing out and off my brain seemed shattered of several thoughts and implications this is really taken much time and am afraid .
Sgt Allen Nigeria
writeon
Joined : 16 Mar 2007
Posts : 986
Location : SATA
Master of Master BaitersJoined : 16 Mar 2007 Posts : 986Location : SATA
Posted : Sat Jan 02 , 2010 9:41 pm Awesome !!!
_________________
F4m0h , Owerri to Ivory Coast { Joint bait with SP}
" MY FINANCE DEPARTMENT TOLD'S ME TODAY THAT THE WESTERN UNION FORM YOU SENT WAS NOT VALID AND ELUCID " - Dr Frank Johnson
THERE IS A MURDER CASE WHICH I ENGAGE MY SELF INTO TO MAKE SURE THE CLIENT IS NOT KILLED BY HANGING , BUT I THANK GOD TODAY THAT THE CLIENT SUCIDED IN GOING TO JAIL INSTEAD OF HANGING TO DEATH , THAT IS THE REASON WHY I DIDN , T GET BACK TO YOU SOON .
- Mohammed Traore
PLEASE HELP ME BECAUSE AM BURNING I MEAN I AM IN BETWEEN THE DEVIL AND THE RED SEA PLEASE .
- Ruth
Introducing WSGI : Python 's Secret Web Weapon
September 27 , 2006
James Gardner
Web Server Gateway Interface Part I : Getting Started
The recent Python 2.5 release features the addition of the Web Server Gateway Interface Utilities and Reference Implementation package ( wsgiref ) to Python 's standard library .
In this two - part article , we will look at what the Web Server Gateway Interface is , how to use it to write web applications , and how to use middleware components to quickly add powerful functionality .
Before diving into these topics , we will also take a brief look at why the specification was created in the first place .
The Many Frameworks Problem
Python is a great language for web development .
It is straightforward to learn , has a broad and powerful standard library , and benefits from an active community of developers who maintain a range of XML and database tools , templating languages , servers , and application frameworks .
In 2003 , when the Web Server Gateway Interface specification was drawn up , the Python community also had one major problem .
It was often easier for developers to write their own solutions to web - development problems from scratch rather than reusing and improving existing projects .
This resulted in a proliferation of largely incompatible web frameworks .
If developers wanted a full and powerful solution , they could use Zope , but many of them coming into the community in search of a lightweight framework found it hard to know where to start .
Developers within the Python community quickly recognized that it would be preferable to have fewer and better - supported frameworks , but since each framework had its strengths and weaknesses at the time , none stood out as a clear candidate for adoption .
In the Java world , the servlet architecture meant that applications written with one framework could run on any server supporting the servlet API .
The Web Server Gateway Interface ( often written WSGI , pronounced " whiskey " ) was designed to bring the same interoperability that the Java world enjoyed to Python , and to go some way toward unifying the Python web - framework world without stifling the diversity .
The full specification is defined in PEP 333 .
( PEP is an acronym for Python Enhancement Proposal . )
The abstract of the PEP sums up the specification 's goals very clearly , stating :
" This document specifies a proposed standard interface between web servers and Python web applications or frameworks , to promote web application portability across a variety of web servers . "
Most Python web frameworks today have a WSGI adapter , and most server technologies ( Apache , mod_python , FastCGI , CGI , etc. ) can be used to run WSGI applications , so the vision of web - application portability is fast becoming a reality .
The separation of server from application has the clear benefit that application developers supporting the API do not have to worry about how their applications are served , and server developers need only create one interface to support the majority of Python web applications .
Simply supporting the WSGI is enough for server and application developers to guarantee a large degree of interoperability .
In the next sections , we will look at how to develop and deploy WSGI applications ; in Part II of this article , we will look at how to use middleware components to provide facilities such as session handling , interactive debugging , and much more .
The HTTP Protocol
The Web is largely built on the HTTP protocol , so to understand the WSGI , it is essential to understand how the Web works at the HTTP protocol level .
It is very useful to be able to see the HTTP information being sent back and forth between a web browser and a server .
One good tool for doing this is the LiveHTTPHeaders extension for the Firefox web browser which , when loaded , is visible in the sidebar and displays the HTTP information sent and received on each request .
Once it 's installed , you can select View - > Sidebar ->LiveHTTPHeaders from the menu to load the extension in the sidebar .
When you request a page , the browser sends an HTTP request to the server .
When the server receives that request , it will perform some action ( typically running an application or serving a file ) and return an HTTP response .
Below is the HTTP information sent when visiting the PEP 333 page :
Figure 1 . HTTP Request
and here is the response returned :
Figure 2 . HTTP Response
As you can see , the browser sends quite a lot of information to the server .
The server makes this and other information available to the application .
The application then returns a status code ( in this case , 200 OK ) along with any HTTP headers it wishes to send back .
Of particular note is the Content - type header , which tells the browser what sort of content is going to be sent ( in this case , text / html ) .
Finally , the application returns the content that will be displayed by the browser ( in this case , the HTML that makes up the page ) .
The server may add extra HTTP headers or perform other modifications before the response is returned .
Hello World !
Here is a simple CGI application that would produce a Hello World !
message in the browser :
print " Content - Type : text / html
" print " < html >< body > Hello World !</body ></html > "
and here is the same application as a WSGI application :
def application ( environ , start_response ) : start_response( '200 OK ' , [ ( ' Content - type ' , ' text / html ' ) ] ) return [ '< html > < body >
Hello World !</body ></html >']
At first glance , this looks a little complicated , so let 's think about what information a server needs from an application and vice versa .
First of all , an application needs to know about the environment in which it is running .
In a CGI application , you can obtain this information with this code :
import os environ = os.environ
In a WSGI application , this information is supplied directly by the WSGI server as the first parameter to the application callable ; in our example above , this parameter is named environ .
The server also needs to know the status and headers to set before any content is returned to the browser , so it supplies a second argument to the application -- a callback function taking the status and a list of tuple pairs of headers as arguments .
In our example , it is named start_response .
Our application calls start_response ( ) to set a status of 200 OK , which means everything went fine , and to set the Content - type header to text / html .
Finally , the server needs to know the content to return to the browser .
Rather than requiring an application to return all the content in one go , the server iterates over the application , returning data to the browser as the application returns it .
In our example , this result is achieved by returning a simple list of strings containing the HTML to display the Hello World ! message .
In summary then , a WSGI application is any callable ( in our case , a simple function ) taking an environment dictionary and start_response callable as positional parameters .
The application should call start_response ( ) with a status code and a list of tuple pairs of headers before it returns an iterable response ( in our case , a list with just one string ) .
In normal circumstances , applications can only call start_response ( ) once ; after all , it would n't make a lot of sense to start the response twice .
These requirements for applications can also be met by generators , classes that override the __call__ ( ) method or the __iter__ ( ) method .
It is possible to use these as WSGI applications instead of following the example above and using a simple function .
The WSGI specification also discusses a third parameter to start_response ( ) named exc_info , used in error handling , and a writable object returned by start_response ( ) , used for backward compatibility -- not for use in new applications or frameworks .
( We do not need to worry about these details , but they are mentioned for completeness ) .
Testing the Application
We will start by running our test application as a CGI script .
Create a new file named test.py and add the following to it :
def application ( environ , start_response ) : start_response( '200 OK ' , [ ( ' Content - type ' , ' text / html ' ) ] ) return [ '< html > < body >
Hello World !</body ></html >' ] from wsgiref.handlers import CGIHandler CGIHandler ( ) .run( application )
If you are running a version of Python prior to 2.5 , you will need to download and install the wsgiref package .
You can do this by extracting the wsgiref - 0.1.2.zip file ( or most recent update ) and executing the command :
> python setup.py install
You can then run the test application from the command line to see what information it outputs :
> python test.py
You will see the following :
Figure 3 .
Test output ( Click for full - size image ) .
Notice that the CGIHandler has acted the way any other CGI server would , and added the Status and Content - Length to the output .
Of course , one of the original motivations for the WSGI was to run the same application on multiple WSGI servers without modification .
As an example , this is how you would serve the same application using FastCGI instead of CGI , using the flup package :
from flup.server.fcgi import WSGIServer WSGIServer ( application ) .run ( )
You can also run this same , unmodified application on all other WSGI - compliant servers .
The environ Dictionary
We 've seen how to write a simple WSGI application and deploy it as a CGI script or use it with FastCGI , but to write any real application , we 'll need access to the environment .
This is provided by the first parameter passed to the application by the server , the environ dictionary .
The environ dictionary contains all the information about the environment and the request that the application needs .
Below is an application named show_environ that displays a list of all the keys in the environ dictionary :
def show_environ ( environ , start_response ) : start_response( ' 200 OK ' , [ ( ' Content - type ' , ' text / html ' ) ] ) sorted_keys = environ.keys ( ) sorted_keys.sort ( ) return [ ' < html >< body > < h1 > Keys in < tt>environ </tt></h1><p >' , '< br />'.join( sorted_keys ) , '</p></body></html>' , ] from wsgiref import simple_server httpd = simple_server .
WSGIServer ( ( ' ' ,8000 ) , simple_server .
WSGIRequestHandler , ) httpd.set_app(show_environ ) httpd.serve_forever ( )
This example serves the application using a standalone server .
If you run this example , you will be able to see the output from the application by visiting http://localhost:8000 .
You will notice that environ contains all the usual keys you would expect to see in a CGI environment , such as PATH_INFO , REMOTE_ADDR , etc .
It also contains the Web Server Gateway Interface keys wsgi.errors , wsgi.file_wrapper , wsgi.input , wsgi.multiprocess , wsgi.multithread , wsgi.run_once , wsgi.url_scheme , and wsgi.version , which provide information about the WSGI environment .
The use of these variables is described in the environ variables section of the specification .
The wsgi.errors key contains an output stream ( filelike object ) .
Any information written to the output stream is sent by the server to its error log .
This can be useful for debugging purposes , as well as issuing errors or warnings , and it can be used like this :
environ ['wsgi.errors ']. write ( ' This will be sent to the error log ' )
Adding this line to the example above , restarting the server , and refreshing the page outputs the message to the console as expected :
Figure 4 . Console ( Click for full - size image ) .
From the information in environ , you can build any web application , and tools already exist to simplify common tasks , such as extracting the variables submitted in a form from the QUERY_STRING or rebuilding the original URL .
Have a look at Paste for the lower - level tools or Pylons for a full WSGI framework .
