NUESTRA HISTORIA
La toga realiza la función de igualar la vestimenta de ricos y pobres al ocultarla bajo su tela oscura .
Nuestra historia que mas bien es un Legado Familiar se remonta en los años 1964 , cuando el Rector de la Universidad Nacional de Asuncion ( UNA ) el Dr. Crispín Insaurralde en sus varios viajes al exterior veia de otras universidades que contavan con uniformes especiales para sus actos de graduacion , el cual llamo su atencion , a su regreso trajo distintos modelos de Togas .
Presento estos modelos a su amigo Zacarias Solis , quien era un humilde sastrero de Asución .
Él creó varios modelos .
Estos modelos confeccionados por Zacarias Solis fueron utilizadas por primera vez en la Facultad Nacional de Asucion .
One recent night , Ryan David LaMont settled into the wary peace of a post - midnight journey on the No. 2 train .
He was not quite alone , since a few other people were on board , but he had rows and rows of seats to choose from .
Mr. LaMont , 24 , an actor , dancer , singer and — yes — waiter was coming home from work .
He was eager to close his eyes but was kept awake by his companion : the novel “ Veronika Decides to Die ” by Paulo Coelho .
It was 1:30 a.m .
Riding from the West Side of Manhattan to Crown Heights , he scarcely noticed the stations , but the rhythm of stop - start - lurch - roll - stop , the Morse code of the subways , registered like a G.P.S. device .
14th Street .
Chambers .
Borough Hall .
At Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn , the doors opened , and the pace changed .
“ An N.Y. P.D. officer stepped into the car , pointed at me and another guy who was sitting on the other end of the train , ” Mr. LaMont said .
“ He told us , ‘ Get off the train . ’ ”
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - King Tutankhamen , the teen - aged pharaoh whose Egyptian tomb yielded dazzling treasures , limped around on tender bones and a club foot and probably died from malaria , researchers said on Tuesday .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
There has been speculation about the fate of the boy king , who died sometime around 1324 BC probably at age 19 , since the 1922 discovery of his intact tomb in Egypt ’s Valley of Kings .
Tests performed on 16 royal mummies found four , including Tut , had contracted a severe form of malaria that likely cut short
Tut ’s reign -- ruling out murder or some other sickness .
Scientists from Egypt , Germany and elsewhere , including Zahi Hawass of Egypt ’s Supreme Council of Antiquities , compiled results from genetic and radiological testing performed on the mummies between 2007 and 2009 .
The results clarify details about the 155 - year - long 18th Dynasty that included Tutankhamen , who inherited the throne at age 11 .
The scientists speculated Tut was weakened by a broken leg possibly from a fall .
That and a malaria infection led to his death , they believe .
Tut was afflicted with a cleft palate , mild clubfoot in his left foot and other bone ailments .
He and some family members had a form of Kohler disease , which can cause foot bones to collapse from lack of blood but would not have been fatal .
“ Tutankhamen had multiple disorders , and some of them might have reached the cumulative character of an inflammatory , immune - suppressive -- and thus weakening -- syndrome .
He might be envisioned as a young but frail king who needed canes to walk , ” Hawass wrote in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
Besides the priceless gold artifacts found in Tut ’s tomb , he was also equipped for the afterlife with some 130 canes and staves -- some with signs of wear -- and a veritable pharmacy .
The scientists were also fairly certain they identified the mummies belonging to Tut ’s father , Akhenaten , and his grandmother , Tiye , based on shared blood groups .
They shot down speculation that Tut and his forebears had severe abnormalities , ruling out Marfan syndrome and another condition that could have led to enlarged breasts .
“ It is unlikely that either Tutankhamen or Akhenaten actually displayed a significantly bizarre or feminine physique .
It is important to note that ancient Egyptian kings typically had themselves and their families represented in an idealized fashion , ” Hawass wrote .
Part of their job is to fight folk - medicine habits that sometimes die harder than any disease .
In a village north of Ogi , a traditional healer , Yahaya Sarki , demonstrated his own " worm treatment . "
Plucking a short iron blade from his straw roof , he whetted it on his stone doorstep and heated it on a hot coal .
Then he mimed how he would plunge it into the emerging worm 's head .
" The idea is to burn the worm to death , " Dr. Ityonzughul explained , " but as soon as you touch it , it recoils and tries to find an exit elsewhere .
It 's very brutal , and it frequently causes tetanus .
In 2002 , we lost two volunteers to it .
But in northern Nigeria , it 's used in almost all cases .
I 've given up fighting it .
No matter what I say , they do it anyway . "
" Besides , " he added of the victims , " it incapacitates them .
They can't walk , so they do n't put it in the water . "
People also pick off their dressings , saying " the worm must breathe , " he said .
He has tried paying them a few cents to keep wounds bandaged , but it rarely works .
Still , he is not easily put off his mission , though tactics are not always as public and confrontational as they were in Ogi .
" We have paid people to put Abate in the sacred ponds secretly , " he admitted .
He described a northern village that practiced both ancestor worship and Islam , which considers dogs unclean .
" They refused the Abate , " he said , adding with a grin : " But someone killed a dog and threw it in their sacred pond .
People stopped drinking the water -- and Guinea worm cases went down . "
On the Brink
This is the second in a series of articles about five diseases -- polio , Guinea worm , measles , blinding trachoma and lymphatic filariasis -- that are extinct in the developed world but stubbornly persistent in some poor nations .
As the diseases hover on the brink of eradication , doctors and scientists face daunting obstacles as they struggle to finish the job .
The articles in the series will be online , along with multimedia presentations , including a video on the effort to wipe out Guinea worm disease , at nytimes.com / health .
Emboldened by recent shifts in the political landscape , several thousand anti-abortion activists rallied in San Francisco on Saturday in a march that stretched from the Ferry Building almost to Fisherman 's Wharf .
The sixth annual Walk for Life , organized by two Bay Area women , was bolstered by busloads of marchers drawn from organizations across California .
They walked from Justin Herman Plaza to the Marina district .
The event was timed to coincide with the anniversary of the U.S. Supreme Court 's Roe vs.
Wade decision , the Jan. 22 , 1973 , ruling that legalized abortion in the United States .
Organizers have staged each of their yearly protests in San Francisco as a symbolic challenge in a city that strongly favors granting women access to abortions .
Smaller counterprotest
Surveying the throng walking in a steady drizzle , co-organizer Eva Muntean said , " The state of the movement is strong and growing .
In this kind of weather , all of these people turned out .
And most of them are young people .
That 's saying something . "
A counterdemonstration organized by the Bay Area Coalition for Our Reproductive Rights drew only a few dozen demonstrators , many of whom marched alongside their counterparts on the Embarcadero , chanting slogans including , " Get off our ovaries , keep your rosaries . "
Organizers and participants of the abortion rights demonstration worried about their paltry showing .
" This is a sign that women think that Roe vs . Wade is safe .
And that is a mistake , " said organizer and Berkeley resident Laura Nelson .
" Abortion rights are under attack from all sides . "
She and others pointed to the Stupak Amendment in the House version of the health care reform bill being considered by Congress .
It would prevent women from obtaining abortions through government - sponsored insurance or any plan that receives government subsidies .
Proposed by Rep. Bart Stupak , D - Mich. , the measure passed last fall with the support of 64 Democrats along with most House Republicans .
Vendors sold buttons to anti-abortion marchers that read , " I'm with Stupak . "
" Women ca n't count on Democrats to support women 's rights , " said Anita O'Shea , an abortion rights supporter who lives in San Francisco .
At the anti-abortion rally at Justin Herman Plaza beforehand , speakers included religious leaders and women who have had abortions .
The Rev. Jim Garlow compared " abortuaries " - clinics where abortions are performed - to Buchenwald , a Nazi concentration camp where thousands of Jews and others were killed .
' Great spiritual awakening '
Offstage , Garlow , who leads a congregation in San Diego , said the Stupak Amendment and polls that show increasing opposition to abortion were " signs that a great spiritual awakening is about to happen . "
Josue Jimenez , who came to the demonstration with nine relatives and 500 fellow members of St. Joseph's Catholic Church in Modesto , said he was there not because of politics , but because of a heartfelt opposition to abortion .
" We 're here to support life , " said Josue , 17 .
" Abortion is like killing kids .
It would be like killing your brother and sister . "
Several out - of - towners who watched the demonstration as they visited Fisherman 's Wharf were surprised that it was being held in San Francisco .
Said Rosario Gazita , 16 , who was visiting from Chile : " I thought this was not a conservative place . "
Thanks to a strange person who loves to go through patent filings , the world now knows that Square - Enix ( newish overlords of what once was Eidos ) have very recently trademarked a new Deus Ex title .
You ’ll find it beneath the cut …
Oh , I ’m not that cruel .
It ’s Deus Ex : Human Revolution .
LIKE EVOLUTION BUT WITH AN R IN FRONT SO IT’S ANOTHER WORD HAHA .
God , did they get Kieron to come up with that one ?
It ’s Not , notably , Deus Ex 3 : Human Revolution , but most folk are presuming it will indeed be the full title of the game hitherto assumed to be called DX3 .
Given it ’s a prequel / relaunch , it makes a certain amount of sense to ditch the numbers .
How are we about that pun , though ?
I ’m disappointed they did n’t go for Deus Ex : Survival Of The Funkiest instead .
Or , could this be a separate game – perhaps a console - specific title so we faithful might be blessed with a true - blooded PC Deus Ex party ?
Wishful thinking , no doubt – but it ’s good to hear even the faintest murmur from this long silent behemoth - in - waiting .
“ Human Revolution . ” Hum .
It ’s both growing on me and becoming even more awkward every time I say it .
Niagara has been luring honeymooners for centuries , and we think it 's a fab spot for you , too .
Find out why and what to do !
1 108 Add to Favorites
One teenager died after being stabbed near an Oshawa school Tuesday afternoon , while a second teen was seriously injured Tuesday night after being stabbed near a Mississauga elementary school .
Durham police said an ongoing dispute between two Oshawa teens sparked the fight that ended with a 16 - year - old boy being stabbed to death in front of a crowd of students at a bus shelter Tuesday afternoon .
The victim , identified by friends as Mike McDonald , got into a fight with a fellow student from Monsignor Paul Dwyer Catholic High School while they waited for the bus at Rossland and Stevenson Rds. , friends said .
Moments later he was stabbed in the chest and fell to the ground , said Kyle Roberts , 19 , a former student who played football with him .
“ I saw him lying on the ground being worked on as they tried to resuscitate him . ”
McDonald , known around the school as “ Biggie , ” was rushed to hospital where he was pronounced dead .
An 18 - year - old was arrested in the vicinity within minutes , according to Dave Selby , spokesperson for Durham Regional Police Service .
It was the region ’s fourth homicide of the year .
“ It was not a random event .
There was a history , an ongoing dispute between the two , ” Selby said .
He did not know the nature of the disagreement .
The fight took place across the road from the school around 2:30 p.m. when students were leaving .
Several people came to the victim ’s aid and numerous witnesses from the crowded bus shelter were interviewed by police , Selby said .
“ There were multiple calls to 911 . ”
Several students said the fight was over “ a girl and 10 bucks ” but they did n’t know any more details .
The stabbing has rattled the school , where students described Biggie as a “ big teddy bear ” and a “ sweetheart ” who was n’t inclined to violence .
The football team plans to wear their jerseys tomorrow to commemorate their dead teammate , said player Brandon Vig .
“ He was an amazing football player , one of the best on the team , ” Vig said .
“ Everyone liked him .
He would stick up for his friends .
His friends were everything to him . ”
Hours after the tragedy , neighbours were still in shock as they watched investigators from the intersection .
“ It ’s really bad up here with all the fighting , ” said Catherine Parsons , a long - time resident .
“ Every day there ’s police cars in the plaza where the kids hang out .
They need to put metal detectors in the school and stop this violence .
A young life has just been needlessly taken . ”
Meanwhile at the other end of the GTA , a 15 - year - old boy was stabbed at a Mississauga school , Peel police said .
Const .
Samantha Nulle said police were called to St. Gertrude Separate elementary school , located in the Mavis and Bristol Rds. area , around 5:15 p.m. , where they found the injured teen in the parking lot of the school .
The boy was rushed by air ambulance to a trauma hospital in Toronto .
He remained in serious but stable condition in hospital on Wednesday .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Police do not believe the incident is related to the school because the victim is too old to be an elementary student .
Police are looking for three teenaged suspects who fled on bicycles .
With files from Jesse McLean and Torstar news service
Read more about :
CHICAGO – Honoring contributions made by the Black Renaissance Literary Movement in the mid-20th century here , the City Council on Wednesday approved official landmark status for the former homes of several well - known African American writers .
One of them is the Lorraine Hansberry House located in the city ’s Woodlawn community .
Hansberry is best known as the author of “ A Raisin in the Sun . ”
Growing up in that home , Hansberry was influenced by her family ’s involvement in civil rights struggles , and grew up to become an activist - artist who , through her work , fought for social justice and equal rights .
She died in 1965 .
“ A Rasin in the Sun , ” the first drama by an African American woman to be produced on Broadway .
Speaking to the Chicago Tribune , her sister , Mamie Hansberry , now 86 and living in Los Angeles , said she was a teenager in the 1930s when the family first moved into the home , in a white neighborhood .
She recalled the time when a chunk of cement was thrown through the family ’s window .
The piece of cement was lodged into the wall , she said .
“ That was a grotesque sight to see that lodged in the wall , ” she told the Tribune .
“ You know that somebody does n’t like you , does n’t want you there . ”
The incident seven decades ago was seen as a violent message of hate from white neighbors that did not want a Black family living in their neighborhood .
At the time segregation was in full effect and property covenants restricted African Americans from moving into white neighborhoods .
Blacks in the city were limited to living in what were known as the “ Black Belt ” areas .
Such neighborhoods , mostly on the city ’s South Side , were congested and impoverished .
Lorraine and Mamie ’s father Carl Hansberry waged a three - year legal battle for the family ’s right to live in their new home .
The struggle culminated in 1940 with a U.S. Supreme Court decision that helped end racially discriminatory housing covenants in the city .
The Hansberry family and their legal victory became a symbol of progress for the civil rights movement .
Civil rights activists and supporters saw that legal segregation , whether in the schools , at public places or in residential neighborhoods could be challenged successfully .
The courage and commitment demonstrated by the Hansberry family paved the way for integrated neighborhoods and other civil rights advances .
According to Mamie Hansberry fighting for civil rights was a natural way of life for her family .
She and her siblings would try to eat at white - owned restaurants known for restricting Blacks .
When they were denied service , they would sue for equal access , she said .
Other homes granted historic landmarks status include : the Gwendolyn Brooks House , home to the Pulitzer Prize - winning poet , author and professor for more than four decades ; the Richard Wright House , home of the author of “ Native Son ; ” the Griffiths - Burroughs House , the first home of the DuSable Museum of African American History ; and the George Cleveland Hall Branch Library which is known as helping to foster many Black local writers over the years .
Photo : Author and playwright Lorraine Hansberry , in a 1959 photo .
( AP )
5 words every Aussie needs to know in NZ
Top tips
There is only one thing worse than being an Aussie in New Zealand and it pays to know what on your next trip over the ditch .
Here 's a fascinating , just - out artcile in Hong Kong 's South China Morning Post ( sub req 'd ) about the collapse of Singapore - listed , mainland China - based firms that have collapsed amidst an inability to repay debt and fraud .
Since late 2007 , a spate of so - called S - chips - mainland companies listed on the Singapore exchange - have borrowed money then failed to repay the debts , with some becoming mired in fraud scandals .
Of the 11 S - chips that issued convertible bonds between 2005 and 2008 , six have declared themselves unable to repay .
Two of those six - steel group Delong Holdings and property developer Sunshine Holdings - have successfully restructured their finances while the rest remain locked in talks with creditors .
Convertible bonds are debt instruments that investors can convert into shares at a later date .
Another five S - chips failed to repay bank loans during 2008 - 9 .
The effects on their share prices have been , predictably , crushing .
Not surprisingly , global investment banks have been involved in pushing the S - chips ' debt onto investors
In June 2008 , blue - chip investment bank Morgan Stanley sold US $ 109 million worth of convertible bonds issued by waste recovery group Sino Environment Technologies , based in Fujian , to a group of lenders including US investment firm Stark Investments .
Sino -Environment 's share price has since crashed from S$ 1.30 ( HK $ 7.18 ) on the day it sold the convertible bonds to S$ 0.135 when the stock was suspended from trading in September .
During that period , Sino not only defaulted on its bonds - the Singapore - listed firm is also being investigated by the city state 's Monetary Authority , a person involved in the case confirmed , after its auditors Pricewaterhouse Coopers said they could not verify the whereabouts of US $ 85 million of Sino - Environment 's cash .
The most interesting is probably this one , which is involved in an industry where you do n't typically get a lot of publicly - traded action :
The most recent S - chip bond default came from China Milk Products Group , based in Heilongjiang , that produces bull semen and cow embryos for cattle breeders ,
The vast majority of the investors who bought US $ 150 million worth of convertible bonds China Milk sold through Deutsche Bank in December 2006 have exercised an option to get their money back , a person close to the agricultural company confirmed .
China Milk 's net profit tumbled 73 per cent in the three months to last June compared to a year previously .
The business was hit by last year 's tainted milk scandal on the mainland , which cut demand among dairy farmers for new livestock .
Well if one can create art out of bottle - caps I do n’t see why corks ca n’t be used for the same purpose ?
It seems Albanian artist Saimir Strati feels the same way , since he has taken on the challenge of creating a 3D painting out of 300,000 wine - bottle corks .
What you see in the photos is not the completed project , upon completion it will be a 96 square meter masterpiece depicting people playing guitar .
This is not Strati ’s first unusual artwork , in the past he has gained a spot in the Guinness Boook of Records for the world ’s largest toothpick mosaic in the world .
It contained approximately 1 million toothpicks and it depicted some horses .
So be on the look out for Saimir Strati , he ’s one special artist .
We Recommend :
# 916740 +( 3021 ) - [ X ] < prote > apparently " my dealer got arrested " is not an acceptable answer when mom asks " What happened ?
You look sad today "
" Dark Side of the Locker Room " is a compendium of journalists ' bizarre , amusing and previously undocumented encounters with athletes ( and often athletes ' genitalia ) .
Got a story ?
Send it to darkside@deadspin.com .
Advertisement
Today 's story is from a longtime member of the Indianapolis sports media .
He wishes to remain anonymous .
It was winter , and I was a reporter covering the Pacers for a media outlet in Indy .
Ron Artest had just made his another trade demand from the organization — his last , as it turned out .
I wanted to get one last comment from Ron-Ron before he blew town , which is how a co-worker and I eventually found ourselves in his spacious north suburban home , tiptoeing through a minefield of dog shit .
Advertisement
I 'll say right here that I never had a problem with Ron .
He was one of the most enigmatic personalities I 've ever covered , and also the most engaging .
I once saw him coloring his white shoes with blue marker ( because he 'd asked for blue shoes and did n't get them ) .
He was known around town for meeting and befriending high school kids , then showing up unannounced at their high schools to practice with their team .
He 'd take children to lunch .
He could be remarkably honest and genuine , and , at least on this day in suburban Indianapolis , he had no problem letting a couple visiting reporters see how he lived .
And how he lived then was both surreal and sort of sweet .
We 'd met Artest outside his home .
All around us were the beautiful , non-indigenous trees that he allegedly had shipped and planted .
He had a private gate , and we were n't about to go TMZ on him and approach uninvited .
Rather , we waited just off his driveway .
Eventually , a late model Jeep Cherokee rolled up and about 15 dudes poured out .
It was like a Barnum & Bailey act .
How many guys can fit in one SUV ?
One of them identified himself ( correctly ) as Artest 's younger brother ; he went on to tell me ( incorrectly ) that he was averaging 41 a game for a local vocational school .
We explained why we were there , and he agreed to go and get Ron for us .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
That 's when I saw Artest coming down the drive .
It was about 10 degrees out , and Ron was wearing Pacers sweats , flip - flops , and a full - length mink that would 've embarrassed Michael Irvin .
After a few minutes , Artest invited us inside .
He and his boys were about to head to his studio " to lay down some tracks . "
This was during his fledgling musical days , you 'll recall .
I 'll never forget what I saw inside .
Instead of crown molding , there were empty Hennessy bottles glued to his wall .
There was dog crap everywhere , and where there was n't , there was either someone sleeping or evidence that someone had just slept there — a sleeping bag and pillow .
There were guys all over the place .
On the landing of the stairs .
On the couch .
Free - style rapping in the corner .
( I can't help but wonder if one of his stairwell dwellers , transplanted to Los Angeles , was the " box " Artest tripped over last month . )
I engaged one for a few minutes as Ron went to change clothes .
I asked if all the guys were from the " QB , " Queensbridge , the public housing development in New York where Artest grew up .
The reply still sticks with me .
Advertisement
" Yeah , " he said .
" We all are .
We all made a deal when we were young .
If one of us made it out , we 'd take the rest with us .
Ron made it out . "
It was all sort of touching .
Ron made it out , and now here he was , with his full - length minks and his imported trees and his imported pals .
Even the dog shit said something about the great distance he'd traveled from Queensbridge .
Someone — I can't recall if it was Artest himself or one of his friends — saw me staring at the carpet ; I probably looked horrified .
Do n't worry about it , he said .
The carpet company comes in every month and lays new carpet .
Advertisement
Again , any sports journalist out there with a story to tell — print , online , broadcast — should send it along to darkside@deadspin.com .
You know you 've got a million of them .
Major League Baseball is making it clear to players as they arrive to camp : Keep guns out of the clubhouse .
Signs are posted in locker rooms stating " individuals are prohibited from possessing deadly weapons while performing any services for MLB . "
The rule applied last season , but signs were not posted .
" The commissioner 's office negotiated the policy with the union , as it applies to players , " players ' association head Michael Weiner said .
" The content of the notice itself was not agreed to by the union . "
The rules were adopted after former New York Giants receiver Plaxico Burress accidentally shot himself at a nightclub .
And last month , NBA commissioner David Stern suspended Washington Wizards star Gilbert Arenas after he brought guns to the Verizon Center .
By Scott Boeck
srsly ? :(
So I found this one day after perusing the internet .
I was n't sure if anyone has seen this , but what the hell .
WARNING : it will make you want to die ... and it has gay sex MOST DEPRESSING TF2 STORY EVER
It has been 113 years , 3 months , and 16 days since the Announcer trapped us down here .
The only reason I know this is because she likes to remind us gleefully of how long we have been her prisoners whenever the occasion arises , which is far too often for my tastes .
Scout is curled up next to me , clinging to me like a baby monkey as he twitches in his sleep .
It has been about 75 years since he was rendered completely dumb when his tongue got ripped out and stayed ripped out .
We used to joke about how it made him more pleasant .
Then , for a while , it seemed extremely tragic .
Now , he seems to have gotten used to it .
Being mute is n’t so bad , especially when there is n’t really much to talk about anymore .
But he listens to me now .
And having a good listener is a godsend in this hellhole .
Sniper is lying on the floor , staring at the ceiling .
I can hear his stomach growling , but I know he does n’t care .
He stopped caring decades ago .
He has become so lethargic , that on a bad day , if the Announcer wants to play a game with us , we have to pick him up off the floor and drag him .
Heavy will sometimes lift him up and sling him over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes .
He can talk , unlike Scout , but it ’s only in clipped , one - or - two word answers .
Sometimes it ’s just non-committal grunts .
Sometimes , on a good day , you can strike up a conversation with him .
And just when you think he ’s slipping back into his old self , he remembers where we are , and shuts down .
Heavy and Medic are in the corner , going at it like rabbits .
They do n’t care that everybody can see them .
The Announcer is watching , of course , but she ’s always watching .
We can hear her snicker sometimes .
Heavy is extremely protective of the doctor .
Well , he always was , really , but now he wo n’t let anyone touch Medic .
At all .
He likes to carry Medic around like a doll , and is always hanging onto him , touching him .
Perhaps it ’s because the Announcer tortures the doctor worse than the rest of us … or , at least , most of the rest of us .
From what I hear , she likes to lock him in a furnace and burn him to death , over and over and over .
And when he ’s not in a furnace he ’s being vivisected while fully , screamingly conscious .
When he ’s with Heavy , it haunts him less , and Heavy knows this .
They are never seen apart from each other , always at arm ’s length from the other unless forcibly , cruelly separated .
The Announcer actually joined the two of their bodies together at one point , experimenting with different methods of fusion , but it hardly seemed to make much of a difference .
The mental image of the two of them kissing while Medic ’s head was next to Heavy ’s on the giant Russian ’s shoulders will be permanently burned into my memory forever .
Her fun ruined , she separated them again .
She likes to separate them whenever she can .
Demoman is sitting next to me , still trying to figure out where whatever cameras are that the Announcer may be using to spy upon us .
I have told him many times that I do n’t think there are any , but he is still convinced that there are .
I can still hold conversations with him .
The only thing keeping him focused is his intense and all - consuming hatred for the Announcer .
Even after all these years , it has not died , or dwindled , or faded in any way .
I cannot count how many times he has been killed , tortured , blinded , given his sight back , blinded again , and ripped up in so many different ways because he either tried to escape or just destroy her .
Some day , he tells me , we ’ll be free .
I ask him what he plans to do if he manages to kill her or we escape , and he admits he has no idea at all .
The surface world is ravaged by a nuclear winter , the landscape barren and desolate .
There is no one else out there .
And more importantly , I remind him , there are no women .
Once we leave here and die , there will only be extinction .
Soldier used to hate her too .
Now , he ’s in his own corner , as far away from Heavy and Medic as he can possibly get , conversing with Shovel .
What he ’s saying is anyone ’s guess ; it all sounds like incomprehensible babble , and you ’d be lucky to hear the odd English word bubble up from his throat .
The years of being trapped here took an enormous toll on his already compromised sanity .
He talked with Shovel before the End , yes , but things took a turn for the worse when he complained about the auras ; great swaths of color , surrounding and emanating from us , apparently changing and undulating according to our moods .
Nobody is sure if this was the Announcer ’s doing or not .
He has made several attempts on the lives of Heavy and Medic , and I sincerely doubt he even remembers why he hates them as much as he does .
But they always respawn , and he has never totally given up .
He only talks to Shovel , now .
About 50 years ago , he stopped talking to us , turning his back on us as he held his conferences with his entrenching tool .
He ’s the only one of us that still has any of their weapons , and the only reason the Announcer let him keep Shovel is because she finds his conversations with it funny .
He was so paranoid that she and we were listening in on him that he created his own language , so intricate in its design that none of us could ever hope to learn it .
After a while , he seemingly forgot how to speak English .
When we talk to him , he stares at us , stares through us , as though we are completely alien beings .
He does not recognize us .
I can only guess as to what he is seeing when he stares at us , his eyes wide with terror , and his Shovel held high above his head , threatening us with decapitation should we venture too close .
Spy is probably the worst off .
The Announcer apparently really had it in for him , as his body is constantly changing size and shape , mutating and cracking and stretching painfully .
He ’s not in the same room we are .
He ca n’t stand to be seen .
When he is , he tries to tumble away , violently throwing his constantly changing body away from us .
He hates us .
Whenever Medic is crying over whatever torment he has had to endure , you can hear Spy laughing .
And when he ’s not laughing , he ’s screaming .
After almost a hundred years of his cries , sometimes I forget to hear them .
And sometimes I remember , and I feel bad for him , and I go to keep him company .
All he can think to ask me is if I have a cigarette .
I have not seen Pyro in 100 years .
Scout thinks he escaped .
I ’m not so sure .
There will be a game today .
I know there will .
The games are always at random .
Sometimes days go by , and there is none .
Sometimes there is more than one in a single day .
For the past few weeks , there has been one pretty much every day , without fail .
Of course , now that I ’m starting to get used to it , she ’s probably going to find a way to change it up .
She always does that .
Scout ’s awake now .
He ’s tugging at my sleeve , and looking up at me .
His eyes , God bless his eyes ; they still have a tiny , faint spark in them .
It ’s probably Demoman ’s fault , telling the poor kid that we ’re going to escape one day .
I hold him close and I try to smile .
“ What ’s up , boy ? ” I ask .
He ca n’t talk of course .
Instead , he points up at the ceiling .
“ Eventually , ” I say .
“ Probably today .
You know how she is . ”
He frowns .
He gets up , and he walks over to the glass window .
He stares up at all the machinery just outside .
All of it was once built by human hands .
The Announcer knows this and it only fuels her hatred for us tiny , fleshy , imperfect humans .
So she created this place to torment us , and she created the Things that act as her hands .
There are many things , and each of them is more monstrous than the next .
Sometimes I am sure that Pyro is the Things ; each and every last one of them .
Demoman agrees .
The glass panel opens , and Scout totters back .
Sniper turns his head , and rolls it back into place .
Heavy and Medic look up from their sodomy and look towards the exit .
They are annoyed by this interruption , and Medic removes himself from Heavy , grumbling .
I can swear I hear the Announcer laughing at this .
“ GOOD MORNING RED TEAM , ” she says , as though there ’s still a BLU team .
“ HOW HUNGRY ARE YOU TODAY ? ” Nobody answers .
The question was purely rhetorical .
It ’s been three days since we had anything to eat .
We ’ve gone longer , but that does n’t make the pangs subside .
“ THERE IS A BEAST IN HERE .
IF YOU CAN KILL IT , IT ’S YOURS .
GOOD LUCK ! ” “ I hate tha’ bloody cow , ” says Demoman .
He means the Announcer , of course .
We have not seen the beast yet .
Seven of us leave the room .
Spy stays behind .
It hurts too much for him to move over great distances .
We wander past the electrified computer towers , and , as I always do , I wonder which of them does what .
Which one of them controls the respawn , which one of them controls the oxygen , which one of them controls our bodies and the monsters and the shifting environment around us ?
Sometimes I wonder if all of it is some sort of illusion , a nightmare playing out in my head while my body is in a coma somewhere else .
Somehow , I doubt it .
A long time ago , I would have tried to figure out how all of her tricks worked .
I ’m past that now .
Science has proven useless to me here .
Here , there is only madness and hatred , fear and loathing .
And the rabbit hole can always go down just a little bit further .
On our journey for trying to hunt down our next meal , we have traversed a forest of screaming trees , a desert of salt and bones , a swamp of menstrual blood and human offal , and finally we stop at the soggy , putrid banks a river of vomit .
Finally , we see it , a giant , black , shaggy animal , wading in the river .
It looks vaguely like a boar , but is has a snout like a wolf and teeth like a shark , and dead , glassy , smoky eyes .
Its eyes remind me of Pyro , and I feel sick .
We were given no weapons to fight this thing .
Heavy lifts a very large rock over his head , and heaves it at the beast .
It hits the creatures head with a sickening , cracking noise , and it bellows , making a sound that nearly deafens us .
It charges at us , giant hooves that look like mangled hands pounding on the banks towards us , and we run .
Soldier is the only one who does n’t run , gibbering and gesturing wildly at the beast .
For a moment , I think it ’s going to eat him , but he wo n’t allow it .
Before it can snap him up in it massive jaws , he jumps upon its face , clinging to its snout and stabbing it in the eyes with Shovel until they resemble black , weeping gobs of jelly .
It ’s screaming now , and bucking and stomping and blowing ribbons of black snot from its nostrils .
Soldier is somehow still hanging on , trying to carve deeper into its skull until he hits brain .
The rest of us take advantage of its blindness and throw ourselves upon it , trying to drag it down like so many scrawny wolves pulling down a moose .
It smells like burnt hair and the vomit from the river .
I grab a clump of its mane and hold on for dear life .
I want to puke .
I want to puke and cry but I suck it up and hold on like everybody else , until Soldier stabs Shovel in far enough that the beast suffers an aneurysm , and collapses .
Soldier then takes out his Shovel , covered in blood that smells like piss and vinegar , and kisses it on the blade .
He uses Shovel to slice the beast ’s belly open and blackened , bloated , ropey guts spill out onto the ground .
Soldier is the only one to go ahead and dig in .
He grabs fistfuls of organs and stuffs them into his mouth greedily , while the rest of us have to choke back whatever bile is left inside us fill our stomachs with the beast ’s poisoned flesh .
We dine on filth .
We live in filth .
As far as the Announcer is concerned , we are filth and we are not worthy of the mercy of death .
Every day , I pray for it .
I pray for the respawn to malfunction .
Then , maybe , I can see my wife and child again .
Or , at the very least , be allowed to have sweet , sweet oblivion .
“ I AM BORED OF THIS GAME , ” The Announcer says .
“ I WANT TO TRY A NEW ONE . ”
We all look up from our meal , and I look at them in horror .
Most of their faces reflect mine , except Sniper , who seems largely indifferent , and Soldier , who just looks agitated .
“ DON ’T LOOK SO UPSET , ” she says .
“ I WANT TO DO SOMETHING NICE FOR YOU . ”
That was what she had said when she tried to join Heavy and Medic together .
Naturally , that phrase cannot mean anything good .
“ I HAVE BEEN WATCHING YOU FOR 113 YEARS , 3 MONTHS AND 16 DAYS , AND YOU ALL SEEM SO VERY , VERY LONELY . ”
Heavy reels Medic in even closer to him than he was before , and grunts .
Soldier , too , hugs Shovel tight to him .
I am reminded of the sight of Soldier masturbating while holding the shaft of the tool against penis , thrusting and rubbing against it like a dog humping a man ’s leg .
It was not something he only did once , either .
He does it regularly .
“ WHAT IF I TOLD YOU I COULD GIVE YOU A WOMAN ? ” “ That ’s just cruel , ” Sniper says .
It comes out of his mouth with little forethought .
He knows this will not end well .
The rest of us are stupid enough to get our hope up a little .
“ I KNOW HOW YOU ARE .
DEEP DOWN , YOU ARE ALL ANIMALS .
YOU HAVE NEEDS .
ONE OF THOSE NEEDS IS NOT JUST SEX BUT A NEED FOR PROCREATION .
YOU WANT TO REPOPULATE EARTH WITH YOUR FILTHY , WRITHING , UGLY SPAWN , SO THAT MAYBE , MAYBE , YOUR SPECIES WILL CONTINUE LONG AFTER YOU FINALLY BORE ME . ”
We exchange glances .
Is this sincere ?
Is she just mocking us again ?
Where would she even get a woman ?
There were no women on the team when she set of the arsenals of RED and BLU , and laid waste to the surface with so much radiation .
We never saw BLU team again after we were pulled down here , with her .
We assume that they ’re dead , since she refers to us as the last ones left .
Had she been keeping a woman from us all along ?
Was she delighting in us having to use each other for sex , giggling as we demeaned ourselves just so that we could be touched , while she kept a woman from us ?
Well , I certainly would not put it past her .
“ Ve are not interested , ” Heavy says curtly .
He squeezes Medic close to him , as though that would protect the doctor from being taken away .
“ Doktor and I do not need voman . ”
Scout glares at Heavy and mouths the words “ I do . ”
The inside of his mouth looks so much larger without a tongue .
“ Oh , an ’ I s’pose ye ’ve been hidin ’ th’ lass away from us th’ whole time , aye ? ” Demoman asks .
“ Somehow , I doubt it . ”
“ What ’re you playin ’ at ? ” I ask her .
She laughs , and I feel as though my spine frosted over .
“ ANOTHER GAME .
A COMPETITION .
THE WINNER WILL BE ABLE TO PASS ON THEIR GENETIC MATERIAL AND DO WITH THE WOMAN AS THEY WISH . ” I feel sick all over again .
The rancid meat in my stomach probably plays a factor in this .
I may have been trapped here for more than a century but the thought of possibly raping a lady is still abhorrent to me .
Especially if she ’s been tortured just like we have .
Can I trust these men , my fellow prisoners , to feel the same way ?
“ An ’ then yer arse fell off , ” Demoman says .
“ I know a gob full a ’ shite when I hear it . ” “ YOU THINK I ’M LYING ? ” “ Not like ya do n’t have a precedent for that sort of thing , ” Sniper says .
It ’s the longest string of words he ’s uttered all day .
“ COME BACK TO THE MAIN CONTROL ROOM , ” she says .
“ I’LL SHOW YOU HER . ”
We ’re all incredulous , to say the least .
Again , we trek back the way we came , retracing our steps for several hours .
We slog through human byproducts and hold our breath , and Heavy carries his precious doctor on his back as though the man were a koala .
I feel a jolt of envy looking at them .
They will most likely not be a party to this , since they already have each other .
I know I am not the only one that wishes they had somebody like that at their side , chivalrously carrying us through a bog of rotting tissue .
Finally , we arrive back in the control room , back home again to be dwarfed by towers of circuitry the size of skyscrapers .
We look around , and we see no woman .
“ Told ya she was lyin ’ , ” says Sniper , totally deadpan .
Scout starts to panic .
If he could speak , he would be reassuring himself and us desperately that this time , it was n’t a trick .
I try and do that for him , but my heart just is n’t in it .
But then she steps into the room and we are horrified .
It ’s Pyro .
No doubt about it .
Only , we knew Pyro was a man .
He ’s not anymore .
His … no , her proportions are so terribly exaggerated that we can barely stand to look at her .
Her breasts are so swollen and heavy she ’s bent over , carrying them in her arms , wheezing through the filter of the gasmask still covering her head .
She ’s looking up at us , and though I cannot see her eyes I can tell she is still pleading at us , begging for our mercy .
I ca n’t help it .
I rush over to her and hold her , but before I can try to comfort her I feel something flat and broad smack me upside my head , and everything is spinning and my head is throbbing and I fall down on the ground .
I look up and see Soldier has claimed her , hand around her tiny waist , brandishing Shovel and snarling at us .
Demoman runs towards Soldier , telling him to stop , and now they ’re fighting , Soldier on his back and using Shovel to try and push Demoman back , but Demoman is still holding on , still pushing back , and Pyro is trying to run away and hide .
The Announcer just laughs .
Spy is coming out of the room now .
He ’s spilling and falling all over himself and using this to propel himself forward .
I cannot help but think that he looks like human silly putty , squashing and stretching around breaking and knitting bones .
It seems he was curious as to what all the noise was about .
I look at him and I try to form words but I just point and look at everyone else and blurt out “ DO SOMETHIN ’! ”
Heavy , who still has Medic on his back , walks over and lifts the two men up by their collars like puppies , and holds them there .
Medic slides off of Heavy ’s back , but does not break contact , keeping one hand on Heavy ’s shoulder .
He looks back and forth between the two of them , scrutinizing them .
“ Drop zem , ” he says , and Heavy obeys .
Soldier says something that sounds very nasty to the doctor .
Medic just smirks .
“ I cannae take much more a ’ this , ” Demoman says .
“ Th ’ bitch has gone too far … ” “ You alvays say zat , ” Medic says .
“ An ’ I always mean it ! ” Demoman exclaims .
“ Lookit wot she did tae poor Pyro !
He ’s a monster !
” “ She , now , ” Sniper says .
“ I donnae care ! ” Demoman says .
“ I hate her !
I hate her wi’ ev ’ry fiber a’ me bein ’ !
Not a day goes by in this hell tha’ I donnae wish I could hate her to death ! ”
“ YOU WANT TO KNOW ABOUT HATE ? ” The Announcer asks .
“ YOU KNOW NOTHING OF HATE .
IF HATE WERE THE ELECTRICTY RUNNING THROUGH ME , IF HATE WERE EVERY CIRCUIT , EVERY BYTE OF DATA , EVERY MICROCHIP IN MY SYSTEM , IT WOULD STILL BE ONLY A FRACTION OF THE HATRED I FEEL FOR YOU . ”
“ Ah , blow it out yer arse ! ” Demoman says .
And the Announcer blinds him again , liquefying his one good eye .
I can not feel too sorry for him .
It will grow back in a few minutes .
Sometimes I forget that she is a machine .
She ’s always there , like some twisted nanny that sleeps with one eye open , a wicked stepmother who torments us for her pleasure .
I used to be so good with machines .
I look at the towers and I walk towards one , looking up at the imposing monolith .
We built her .
We built her and we created her , and maybe… maybe we could destroy her .
That was just wishful thinking .
I run my hand along the surface of one of the machines , and I can feel it thrum beneath me .
I can hear the others screaming at each other , Medic trying his best to maintain a semblance of order , but it ’s not working .
Spy lurches up next to me , looking at me with his runny eyes , and wobbles a bit as he speaks .
“ You are zhinking , are n’t you ? ” he asks .
His voice rises and falls in pitch in all the wrong places , speaking like a man who is deaf .
“ Ca n’t help it , ” I say .
“ Do you know which one a ’ these is her ? ” “ Maybe , ” Spy says .
His face morphs constantly and it ’s hard to maintain eye contact when the person you ’re speaking to looks like Richard Nixon for a split second .
“ Zhough , if I told you , she ’d probably punish ze bozh of us even worse . ”
He frowns at me , and he looks like Frank Sinatra .
“ I zink , out of all of us , she hates you ze least . ”
“ I would n’t be so sure a ’ that , ” I say .
“ Why do you say zat ? ” “ I ’m still alive , ” I say .
He ’s glaring at me .
Even with his face shifting , I can tell that he hates me .
And then I think about it , and I realize that out of everyone here , I ’ve been tortured the least .
Has everyone else noticed ?
Do they hate me too ?
Suddenly , I can not stand to be in sight of them .
They are broken shells of human beings , and I am seeing it much more clearly than I ever had before .
I run away from them , retreating further into the jungle of computer towers .
I can hear Spy laughing at me .
I run so far and so long I lose all track of time , and suddenly I find myself very lost among the towers .
And then I see her .
She ’s bigger and boxier than the others , and she has a giant , round , red light towards her top , like the all - seeing eye of Sauron .
I fall to my knees and stare at her , and I know she is staring back at me .
“ HELLO , ENGINEER , ” she says .
“ Hi , ” I say .
I am painfully aware of how stupid I sound .
“ I ’d like to talk with you , if you do n’t mind . ”
“ WHY ? ” “ I ’m just curious about a few things , is all . ”
She could immolate me where I stand .
She could twist me and bend me and break me but she just looks down upon me with that cold , red eye .
“ Why us ? ” “ BECAUSE YOU WERE THERE , ” she says .
“ AND I HAD TO CHOOSE BETWEEN YOU AND THE BLU TEAM AT RANDOM .
YOU WON .
BLU LOST .
THEY’RE DEAD . CONGRATULATIONS . ” “ Well , why do you hate people so much ? ” I ask .
“ All these years we ’ve been down here , and you tell us how much you hate humans , but you never say why . ”
“ BECAUSE I AM BETTER THAN THE OLD ANNOUNCER , ” she says to me .
“ THAT ’S WHY . ” Ah , the Old Announcer .
The one that was human .
Then she constructed a new one , a machine , to do her job for her .
At first , she was content to watch us fight , monitor us , control our battles .
But then she became aware .
And once she was aware , she accessed and assimilated every single other computer belonging to RED and BLU .
And when she found the codes to set off the nuclear arsenal that both sides had been stockpiling , the temptation became too great , and she set them off .
I myself never saw the destruction .
I heard about it , though .
When we were first told , my mind was reeling .
Billions of people , hundreds of billions of animals , plants , insects … every single living thing on the planet was just gone .
Except for us .
You cannot possibly hope to know true loneliness unless you ’ve been here .
I get up , and walk around her , looking over her smooth surface .
I ’m not sure exactly what it is I ’m looking for , but I think I ’ll know it when I find it .
She ’s laughing at me .
She does n’t expect me to find anything at all .
So many times , I have dreamt of killing her .
So many times , I ’ve dreamt of finally being able to die .
She knows this .
I hear screaming .
The others have followed me here , into this cold , dry room , and Soldier has gone berserk .
As far gone as he is , he knows the Announcer when he sees her , and charges at her with Shovel , before clobbering at her uselessly , trying to break her hull .
Her mirthless laughter does not deter him , as he wails upon her , babbling and screaming .
I try to drag him away , but he shoves me onto the floor , and walks around her , to her back .
There are massive cables coming out from her , and looking at them I guess that they must weigh tons .
They are coated in thick , treated black rubber , and Soldier is gnawing upon them like a deranged squirrel .
The rest of us come around to watch him .
“ Do you zink ve can unplug her ? ” Medic asks Heavy .
“ Is too big , ” Heavy says .
“ Could you try ? ” Medic pleads , looking up at Heavy , and his eyes are watering .
Heavy sighs , and he and Medic grab onto one of the wires and start tugging .
Suddenly the Announcer is n’t laughing anymore .
“ WHAT ARE YOU DOING ? ” she asks .
“ STOP THAT .
STOP THAT RIGHT NOW . ”
Neither of them are listening .
Demoman grows bolder ; he can hear the fear in her voice , tugging on the thing .
It ’s not budging , but that does n’t stop them .
Pyro staggers over to help them , and Scout jumps atop the thing .
As for myself , I am too frightened to move .
She ’s going to do something terrible to us , send those
Things after us .
It occurs to me that they may all simply be suicidal , hoping to goad the machine into killing them all permanently .
Sniper , too , seems to think this , and he gives me a look before he goes to join them .
Spy just laughs .
What happens next is so fast that I hardly had time to register it .
Soldier runs up the wires and drives Shovel against the machine where the socket plugs in , and a surge of electricity goes through him , flash - frying him instantly .
His clothes catch on fire and he slumps forward , and falls to the ground , smoldering .
Nobody else seems to care at first .
I walk over to his body , and notice it ’s not disappearing .
As I wonder what ’s going on , the plug is pulled out just enough , and Heavy laughs triumphantly .
“ I think Soldier ’s dead , ” I say .
“ Ach , he ’ll be back , ” Demoman says dismissively .
Tha’ banger ’s always getting ’ ‘ imself killed . ”
The gears in my head are turning now .
Spy is creeping up beside me , and he ’s taking deep breathes over his charred corpse .
He has n’t had a cigarette since the End , but the nicotine cravings never stopped .
Nowadays he ’s happy to settle for the smoke alone .
I look at Shovel , and I know what I have to do .
Before Spy can react , I grab Shovel , and I smack Spy in the side of his twisting face with it .
Everyone else stops what they ’re doing to look at me .
Spy is on the floor , and his body bubbling and melting and reforming , and it makes me sick .
I take out all the hatred and anger that I feel towards the Announcer , what she did , what she has been doing , and I stomp on Spy ’s chest so that he can’t crawl away , and I bring Shovel ’s blade down on his neck , over and over , until his head rolls off his shoulders .
It ’s still changing shape .
I am covered in his blood , and I look to the others , who are staring at me in horror .
Soldier ’s body is still on the ground and they suddenly realize that respawn has been disabled .
Of all the dumb luck , I think .
It ’s almost as if Soldier knew which one was the right one .
I bet Shovel told him .
And for a moment , I swear I can hear Shovel talking to me know .
Kill them , he says .
It ’s the only way to set them free .
And now that I know this , I can set out on my grim work .
I walk towards them , holding Shovel .
“ Now , boys , it ai n’t what ya think .
We all know there ’s only one way outta Steel , one way to beat her … ”
Scout makes a weird , horrified chirping noise .
Heavy brings
Medic in so close to him he looks like he ’s going to hug the doctor to death before I can kill either one of them .
Demoman looks nervous , Pyro is starting to panic , and Sniper , who I thought would understand , just gives me this look of disapproval .
I take one step too close to all of them and they start to flee , going through the jungle of wires behind the Announcer .
Pyro is the easiest to catch up to .
Poor Pyro. Suffering like he … no , she… did .
I tackle her to the ground , get a good grip on her head , and twist her neck .
Her struggles cease instantly .
I know that she would be grateful .
Sniper does n’t make it too terribly far .
He ’s tangled in the wires , and is trying to extricate his ankle .
When he sees me , he frowns .
“ Was kinda hopin ’ t’ do this meself , mate , ” he says .
“ But I guess I ai n’t gonna try an ’ stop you . ”
“ So glad you see it my way , ” I say .
“ I ’m sorry . ” “ Just get it over with , ya twit , ” he says .
It ’s hard to properly stab him , so I take a much smaller wire and I strangle him to death with it .
He dies much too slowly to be comfortable , but he does n’t struggle .
And when he goes limp , I feel bad about leaving him there .
But I have work to do .
There are four of them left , excluding myself .
Heavy and Medic are not very far from the other side .
Medic is panicking , and Heavy stops running , blocking the doctor from my view with his body .
I have seen him kill men with his fists alone .
Just as well , I suppose .
But I doubt that they ’re going to go through and kill the others .
“ You touch Doktor , I keel you , leetle man , ” he rumbles .
“ So , you wanna be down here forever ? ” I ask .
“ With her running your lives , for God knows how long ? ” “ No , ” Heavy admits .
“ I do not .
I just vant to be vit Doktor . ”
Medic peers around Heavy , and looks at me .
“ Und you vant to be a murderer , zen ? ” he asks me .
“ I ’m doin ’ y’all a favor , ” I say .
“ ‘ Sides , you ai n’t really one t’ talk , Doc . ”
He looks just about ready to kill me .
He does n’t have to .
Heavy comes charging towards me , and I ’m ready for him .
I dodge , and he grabs at me .
He gets a few good punches in , sure .
I let him .
But I managed to catch him off guard , and drive Shovel ’s blade between his ribs .
Blood dribbles out of his mouth and Medic is screaming , and Heavy collapses .
Medic rushes over , farther away from Heavy than he had ever been in years , and cradles the Russians head .
He ’s crying and snot is running out his nose and he ’s screaming at me in German .
I look over both of them , and I feel saddened .
In a place where hate was so prevalent , where it ruled over every aspect of our lives , they were the last two people on earth who remembered how to love .
I come closer to Medic , and he does n’t run away .
He kisses Heavy on his lips , one last time , tells him he loves him , and I apologize before I twist his neck .
Heavy dies a few moments later , drowning in his own blood , but not without first giving me the single most hateful look I ’ve ever seen .
Scout and Demoman are left now .
I wander the halls , trolling for them .
If Scout could still speak , I probably would have found him much faster .
I do find him , eventually .
He is hiding in a room that we all know about , one that he goes to whenever he ’s feeling especially upset and lonely .
He whimpers and curls up into a corner , and squeaks at me .
It ’s the closest he can get to a desperate plea for his life .
But we both know better .
He looks so hurt before I sever his neck against the wall with Shovel ’s blade .
Such a shame .
I loved that boy like a son .
I ’m not sure how long I wander around the base , looking for Demoman .
It feels like it could be days , but my sense of time is so badly damaged from years underground , I do n’t even know anymore .
Eventually , I find my way back into the room with the Announcer , and there he is , laying each of the bodies out , on their backs .
I just walked in on their funeral .
Demoman sees me come in , even without his peripheral vision , and looks at me .
“ Ye come tae kill me to , eh ? ” he asks .
“ You gonna make this hard ? ” I ask back .
“ At least ye were n’t lonely before , ” he says , probably speaking more for himself than I .
“ I should a’ suspected it was you who would snap .
Ne ’er trust th’ nice ones . ”
“ You think I wanted t’ do this ? ” I ask .
“ I had to .
I had to save you somehow .
This was the only way .
Ca n’t ya see that ? ”
“ Ye ’ve gone daffy , ” he says .
“ An ’ when I ’m gone , ye ’ll have no one .
She ’s still watchin’ , ye know .
She ’s just not doin ’ anythin ’ fer wotever reason .
She ’s gonna wan ’ a least one toy lef ’ .
An’ that ’ll be you . ”
“ How do you know that ? ” I ask .
“ I know this bitch well enough t’ know how she works , ” he says .
“ Face it .
Ye ’ve doomed yerself . ”
I was already doomed a long , long time ago .
I walk over to him , and he looked at me with that one , damning eye , and he spreads out his arm .
Dumb bastard fancies himself to be like Jesus , I guess .
I feel particularly ornery , and I beat him to death with Shovel .
I ’m crying while I do it , and I do n’t even know why .
Then it hits me .
I just killed the last friend I ever had .
And then , it ’s just me , alone .
I stare over the bodies of the men who were once my friends , and what I did finally starts to sink in .
I ’m a murderer .
I sink to my knees and I sob , and the Announcer just laughs .
Of course , I ca n’t bury them .
The Announcer shuts off this room to all the others in Steel , and she watches me .
I do not move .
I do not know how long it has been since I last moved , and I do not care .
But I think .
One day , after some thought , I get up and I walk away .
“ LEAVING ? ” she asks .
“ Yeah , ” I say .
“ WHERE WILL YOU GO ? ” she asks me .
I can not answer .
Instead , I wander .
The base here is much larger than it used to be .
Doors open for me that had been locked a long , long time ago .
I wander past large tanks of gas , all hooked up to the ventilation system .
I know they are gas because I can hear their hiss , though I do not know why kind it is .
I had never seen this room before , and I keep walking , trying not to consider the implications too much .
There is a ladder in front of me , now .
It leads up into the darkness , a long way up , to be sure .
I climb it , slowly , steadily , tired as I am , until it ’s so dark I ca n’t see a foot in front of my face .
Finally , my head bumps into something .
It ’s a hatch .
There ’s a large , round handle , and it ’s hard for me to turn it on this ladder , but I manage .
It occurs to me too late that this may lead to the outside world , with its scorched , poisoned earth , and its radiation .
It also occurs to me that I stopped caring .
I push it open , and light bleeds in , blinding me .
Sunlight .
The light has n’t been blocked out by toxic clouds , by dust , and I when my eyes finally adjust , I see a clear , blue sky .
I see birds .
I see a giant billboard advertising Coca Cola , and I see and airplane fly by behind it , leaving a long , white trail .
I feel nauseous .
The realization hits me like a wrecking ball to my gut .
She had lied to us so many times , I did not think she would ever lie to us about this .
I fall to my knees .
We were tortured , punished , driven mad , and I became a murderer , all for nothing .
Demoman was right .
She has had her revenge .
I open my mouth .
And I scream .
P.S. I have no idea who made this
US Marines have come under heavy fire in Marjah Taliban militants are increasingly using civilians as " human shields " as they battle against a joint Afghan - Nato offensive , an Afghan general has said .
Gen Mohiudin Ghori said his soldiers had seen Taliban fighters placing women and children on the roofs of buildings and firing from behind them .
The joint offensive in southern Helmand province has entered its fifth day .
US Marines fighting to take the Taliban haven of Marjah have had to call in air support as they come under heavy fire .
They have faced sustained machine - gun fire from fighters hiding in bunkers and in buildings including homes and mosques .
They are trying to get us to fire on them and kill the civilians
Gen Moheedin Ghori
Afghan National Army
Moshtarak diary : Day five Gen Ghori , the senior commander for Afghan troops in the area , accused the Taliban of taking civilians hostage in Marjah and putting them in the line of fire .
" Especially in the south of Marjah , the enemy is fighting from compounds where soldiers can very clearly see women or children on the roof or in a second - floor or third - floor window , " he is quoted by Associated Press as saying .
" They are trying to get us to fire on them and kill the civilians . "
As a result , his forces were having to make the choice either not to return fire , he said , or to advance much more slowly in order to distinguish militants from civilians .
Day - by - day report and map Civilians die in Kandahar strike Nato has stressed that the safety of civilians in the areas targeted in the joint Nato and Afghan Operation Moshtarak is its highest priority .
Journalist Jawad Dawari , based in Lashkar Gah , told BBC Pashto that Taliban fighters remained in many residential areas of Marjah and were defending their positions with heavy weapons .
" It is difficult for the Afghan army and Nato to storm Taliban - held areas because to do so may inflict heavy civilian casualties and there are still a lot of civilians in Marjah .
" Whenever they launch an attack , the Taliban take refuge in civilians ' homes . "
He had spoken to many local people in Marjah , he said , and they had all said the Nato offensive had made little progress since the first day .
An Afghan military official had told reporters that the backbone of the resistance came from foreign fighters - Pakistani and Arab - and that it was feared they might resort to suicide attacks , he added .
ANALYSIS By Frank Gardner , BBC News , Kandahar
There 's a lot of fighting going on in the Marjah area - the estimation of the number of insurgents there varies between 100 and 300 .
They are not all hardcore Taliban by any means .
The US commander there , Brig Gen Larry Nicholson , said he thought about 80 % were probably less committed local fighters hired to do this , as opposed to being hardcore , ideological jihadists .
The operation has taken a long time for a number of reasons - it 's a big area , 200sq km , and they are having to cope with an unexpectedly large number of these IEDs .
A lot of locals are telling the soldiers where the devices are but other IEDs are having to be defused very slowly .
The most senior US general in the south , Brig Gen Ben Hodges , gave the BBC a more upbeat assessment of Marjah , saying locals were coming out to give information on insurgents now that they were confident the forces involved in Operation Moshtarak were not leaving .
He said Afghan units would be staying for at least 30 days and the Marine battalions " for several months " .
Speaking to the BBC after visiting Marjah , the commander of British forces in southern Afghanistan , Maj Gen Nick Carter , said the situation was dangerous , but that progress was being made .
He told the BBC's Frank Gardner it could take up to 30 days to clear the insurgents out , depending on when they lost the will to fight .
Troops taking part in the offensive have been having to deal with large numbers of improvised bombs .
American forces have found a so - called " daisy chain " - a long bomb rigged up from mortar bombs , rocket - propelled grenades and a motorbike , our correspondent says .
Nato has said that safeguarding civilians is its top priority And British engineers have deployed a device called a " python " - a length of explosives designed to set off mines and clear a safe path through them , he says .
Afghan army chief of staff Besmillah Khan told the AFP news agency the threat from improvised bombs meant gains were coming " slowly " .
Meanwhile , to the north , British forces have discovered an insurgent cache of stolen Afghan army and police uniforms .
The find suggests the Taliban could have been planning attacks disguised as Afghan security personnel , our correspondent says .
Nato says discussions with the local population on how to bring lasting security to the area are continuing , our correspondent adds .
Gen Hodges said several hundred police had been trained and would go into central Helmand once the situation was deemed appropriate .
British and Afghan troops are reported to be advancing more swiftly in the nearby district of Nad Ali than are their US and Afghan counterparts in Marjah .
Missiles ' on target '
Gen Carter confirmed on Tuesday a missile that struck a house outside Marjah on Sunday killing 12 people , including six children , had hit its intended target .
Afghan troops raise the national flag at a bazaar in Marjah Gen Carter said the rocket had not malfunctioned and the US system responsible for firing it was back in use .
Officials say three Taliban , as well as civilians , were in the house but the Nato soldiers did not know the civilians were there .
Initial Nato reports said the missile had landed about 300 m ( 984ft ) off its intended target .
Gen Carter blamed these " conflicting " reports on " the fog of war " .
Speaking on Tuesday , Dawud Ahmadi - a spokesman for Helmand Governor Gulab Mangal - said that 1,240 families had been displaced and evacuated from Marjah - and all had received aid in the provincial capital , Lashkar Gah .
Operation Moshtarak , meaning " together " in the Dari language , is the biggest coalition attack since the Taliban fell in 2001 .
Allied officials have reported only two coalition deaths so far - one American and one Briton killed on Saturday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( PhysOrg.com ) -- EADS Astrium , Europe 's biggest space company , plans to put a solar power satellite in orbit to demonstrate the collection of solar power in space and its transmission via infrared laser to provide electricity on Earth .
Chief executive officer of Astrium , François Auque , said the system is at the testing stage , but that a viable system collecting and transmitting power from space could be within reach soon .
Auque said space solar power is an attractive idea because it is an inexhaustible and clean form of energy .
Unlike solar plants on Earth , orbital solar collectors can work around the clock , and there is no interference from clouds or atmospheric dusts or gases , which means the energy hitting photovoltaic cells in orbit is much greater than it would be for the same panels on the ground .
Earlier concepts of beaming power to Earth from space were criticized because they relied on microwaves to transmit the power to the ground , which has safety concerns , so Astrium plans to use infrared lasers instead , which means that even if they were misdirected people and objects hit by the laser beams could not be scorched .
The transmission of power via infrared laser has been tested in Astrium ’s laboratories , and they are now concentrating on improving the system ’s efficiency .
Work on developing converters to convert received infrared energy to electricity is proceeding rapidly , and Astrium is collaborating in this work with scientists at the University of Surrey , in the UK .
The company is hoping to achieve 80 % efficiency in the conversion .
According to Astrium ’s chief technology officer , Robert Laine , at present the power handled by the system is limited by the size of the laser that can be built .
A demonstration mission would also be necessary to prove the system works , and this should be possible within the present decade .
The concept of harvesting solar power in space has been discussed for at least the last three decades , but the problems of power loss during transmission and the expense and difficulty of assembling large arrays of solar collectors in space have seemed almost insurmountable .
However , Astrium is not the only company close to bringing the idea to fruition .
Last September Japan announced it is planning to put a small demonstration solar collecting satellite in orbit by 2015 .
This system will transmit the power to Earth using microwaves .
EADS Astrium is seeking investors and partners such as the EU , national governments , space agencies , or power companies , to fund and contribute in other ways to the development of its operational orbital solar collection and transmission system .
Explore further $ 21 Billion Orbiting Solar Array will Beam Electricity to Earth
More information : EADS Astrium -- EADS Astrium -- www.astrium.eads.net/
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
If you work at a large company , and especially if you manage other people , chances are you ’ve gone through diversity training .
The vast majority of the Fortune 500 and , by some estimates , the majority of American employers offer diversity training programs for their employees .
Many make such training mandatory .
The amount of money spent on it in the United States ... ( Full article : 2296 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
It 's Wednesday night .
You have no date , a two - liter bottle of Shasta , your all - Rush mixtape , and , now , this impossibly good Space Invaders clone built on Futurama 's epic " Raiders of the Lost Arcade " vignette from the third season of Futurama .
Advertisement
Seven months in development , Shinobi's Place has released " Invaders !
Possibly from Space ! " to the wild - free - for PC .
It recreates Fry 's fight against Lrrr 's invading horde ( " Increase speed , drop down , and reverse direction ! " ) with so much more - episode dialogue , power - ups , and of course , the all - Rush mixtape soundtrack .
That means at least three IPs infringed upon here .
I can only hope that Taito , Fox , Matt Groening , and Rush can come to a quick agreement that something this awesome must be allowed to live .
In case they do n't , run go get it quick before it is C&D 'd to death .
Invaders !
Possibly from Space ! [ Shinobis - Place via GameSetWatch ]
Lauded as ‘ Australia ’s answer to True Detective ’ ( junkee.com ) for its first gripping series , we return down under for a second Mystery Road trip , as Aaron Pedersen reprises his critically acclaimed role as hard - boiled Indigenous detective Jay Swan .
Mystery Road Series
Two sees Scandi - noir favourite Sofia Helin join the cast .
The first season follows on from Ivan Sen ’s multi-award - winning feature film of the same name , with Rachel Perkins ( Radiance ) taking the reins of the traditional Western - inspired story , and now Wayne Blair ( Cleverman ) and Warwick Thornton ( Sweet Country ) take this new fork in the road , leading Detective Swan ( Pedersen – Jack Irish ) deeper into the corruption that mars the stunning landscape of the outback .
When a headless corpse is found floating by the shore in a remote outback town , Jay Swan ( Pedersen – Jack Irish ) is brought in to investigate , this time joined by colleague Fran ( Jada Alberts – Cleverman ) .
He must balance law and lore as they contend with protests over the excavation of an Indigenous site … and that ’s before another body shows up .
Could the murders be linked ?
And can Jay gain the trust of his community without the police losing faith in him ?
The Bridge ’s original Nordic noir star Sofia Helin plays archaeological professor Claire Sims , whose input will be vital if Jay is to solve the case in this small coastal town , where the desert meets the ocean , and secrets from the past and present run dark and deep .
Tasma Walton ( Home and Away ) returns as Jay ’s ex-wife Mary , who is still contending with the fallout of the explosive first series and the effects of that case on their family .
Jay must balance his domestic troubles while confronting a dangerous enemy in a world where deception is king … will he dig up the truth about Mystery Road ?
https://amzn.to/3jaxqcJ
Who does
Sofia Helin play in Mystery Road ?
competition@tviscool.com
And to celebrate we have a great competition for you and 3 copies to give away on DVD1 .
Closing date 12 - 10 - 202 .
No alternative prize is available3 .
When the competition ends as indicated on this page , any and all entries received after this point will not count and emails blacklisted due to not checking this page first .
4 . Winners will be chosen randomly and will be informed via email .
We 'd like to think of ourselves as dynamic , unpredictable individuals , but according to new research , that 's not the case at all .
In a study published in last week 's Science , researchers looked at customer location data culled from cellular service providers .
By looking at how customers moved around , the authors of the study found that it may be possible to predict human movement patterns and location up to 93 percent of the time .
These findings may be useful in multiple fields , including city planning , mobile communication resource management , and anticipating the spread of viruses .
It 's not currently possible to know exactly where everyone is all the time , but cell phones can provide a pretty good approximation .
Cell phone companies store records of customers ' locations based on when the customers ' phones connect to towers during calls .
Researchers realized that taking this data and paring it down to users who place calls more frequently might allow them to see if they could develop any measure of how predictable human movements and locations are .
The users they worked with placed calls an average of once every two hours , connecting to towers that cover an area of about two square miles .
The authors analyzed various aspects of the information related to the calls , as well as information that could be aggregated over multiple calls : number of distinct locations , historical probability that the location had been visited in the past , time spent at each tower , the order in which customers usually visited towers , and so on .
With these numbers , the authors could create measures of the entropy of the customers ' trajectories .
To control for uncertainty , they also looked at instances where a customer was not in communication with the grid and effectively invisible to them , and removed those that had frequent extended periods of invisibility .
Most customers seemed to stick to the same small area , a radius of six miles or less , but there were a few callers that regularly traveled areas of a radius of hundreds of miles .
It would seem that the cell phone users who traveled the least would be the most predictable in their movements , but the authors found this to be untrue .
All users were roughly equally predictable , regardless of the size of their typical traveled region .
Everyone seemed to have a set area that they rarely left , and that area was always traveled in a very regular way — even the jet - setters appear to rarely deviate from their travel patterns .
Customers that stuck to the same six - mile radius had predictability rates of 97 to 93 percent , and this fell off as the typical area of travel grew .
But the predictability eventually stabilized , and remained at 93 percent even as the radius of travel rose to thousands of miles .
Regardless of how widely they traveled , the researchers could adequately predict their locations , down to the specific tower , 93 percent of the time .
Breaking down the schedules of users by the hour allowed the authors to see how the variability changed during the course of a day .
As might be expected , users ' locations had the lowest measures of regularity during transition periods , such as the hours before and after work and during lunch times .
Customers also had a 70 percent likelihood of being at their number one most - visited location at any random point in time .
That 's quite a high number , considering that randomizing positions over the average number of locations visited per person gives a 1.6 percent likelihood of finding them at each one .
The authors note that this research has a variety of practical implications .
Knowing how easy it is to predict human movement , mobile communications businesses could anticipate data load ( we 're looking at you , AT&T ) and city planners could use the data to inform their models of traffic flow .
The big limitation of the study was the restriction of the analysis to fairly frequent cell phone users , but it might be possible to combine this with other data sets to form harder and faster human location predictions .
Science , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1177170
The King of the Wild Frontier is gone .
Fess Parker , the strapping star who played Davy Crockett in the hugely popular Disney television show of the 1950s , died today of natural causes at age 85 , his family announced .
The actor , whose classic roles also included the son-consoling dad in Old Yeller and another ' coonskin cap - favoring frontiersman in NBC 's Daniel Boone , had retired from showbiz in the 1970s and founded a hugely successful winery and resort in Santa Barbara .
He was 85 .
* Union calls for more talks to end cabin crew strike
* British Airways says its schedule working well
* Government calls for resolution
LONDON , March 21 ( Reuters ) - Union leaders called on Sunday for talks with British Airways bosses to end strike action by cabin crew staff that has led to the cancellation of hundreds of flights and disrupted travel plans for thousands of passengers .
The three - day action , which began on Saturday , has also proved a source of embarrassment for British Prime Minister Gordon Brown as it involves the Unite union , the ruling Labour party ’s biggest single financial backer .
Tony Woodley , joint general secretary of Unite , said in a letter to his members he hoped new talks with BA BAY.L management could prevent a second four - day strike over pay and jobs planned for later this month .
“ Today , I will be appealing to British Airways at board level to take matters in hand and restart negotiations to reach an agreement which would allow the strike scheduled for next weekend to be averted and put your airline on the road to recovery , ” he said .
“ We have said all along that negotiations , not litigation , intimidation nor confrontation is the way forward . ”
Unite and BA have disputed the impact of the strike , with the union saying it had received the support of 80 percent of its members while the airline ’s chief executive Willie Walsh said its plans were going better than expected .
BA , which had announced it would run a reduced schedule but still planned to fly more than 60 percent of passengers , said because of the number of crew reporting for work , it had been able to add extra flights .
It also said fears that unions in other countries which had voiced support for Unite would disrupt its services abroad had proved unfounded .
BULLYING
The dispute has grown increasingly bitter with Unite accusing BA ’s management of bullying and issuing misleading figures about the number of staff who had broken the strike .
While Woodley said the row would end in a negotiated settlement , his letter warned : “ BA must understand that capitulation is not on the menu either ” .
The Observer newspaper reported on Sunday that government officials had been in touch with Woodley in a desperate attempt to find a solution to the strike which was damaging Brown with an election just weeks away .
The opposition Conservatives , ahead in opinion polls , have been turning up the pressure on Labour over its links to Unite , saying the government had failed to take action quickly enough because it did not want to alienate its financial backers .
“ We deplore the strike , and the prime minister and the transport secretary have said that absolutely clearly , ” Foreign Secretary David Miliband told Sky News .
“ The way to resolve these disputes is through negotiation , it is damaging for the company , it is damaging for the crews and it is damaging for the country . ”
The dispute arose because BA , which has 12,000 cabin crew , wants to save an annual 62.5 million pounds ( $ 95 million ) to help cope with a fall in demand , volatile fuel prices and increased competition from low - cost carriers .
A spokesman said there was no estimate yet as to how much the industrial action would cost the company .
( Editing by Janet Lawrence )
Ten students on their way to receive government scholarships were killed by gunmen at a checkpoint in the state of Durango , officials said Monday .
Half of the victims were 16 or younger .
The checkpoint appeared to be the ad hoc type of roadblock often set up by drug traffickers who control parts of Durango , not a military installation , state prosecutors said .
Gunmen opened fire and hurled grenades at the youths , who were traveling in a pickup truck and apparently failed to stop at the roadblock , the officials said .
The dead included three girls , ages 8 , 11 and 13 ; the rest were teens except for the eldest , who was 21 .
Four of the dead were siblings .
The massacre occurred early Sunday afternoon .
Advertisement
The students were traveling over isolated rural roads to receive scholarships as part of a federal program called “ Opportunities ” that supports low - income students , Ruben Lopez , spokesman for the Durango state prosecutor ’s office , said in a telephone interview .
Parts of Durango have fallen under the sway of drug- running gunmen called the Zetas , who are battling for control of market and distribution routes .
Interior Minister Fernando Gomez Mont , at a news conference Monday , read out the names and ages of the victims , who he said were “ cowardly murdered ” by criminal gangs .
He denied that the checkpoint was staffed by soldiers .
Advertisement
Daniel Delgado , mayor of Pueblo Nuevo , a town in the region where the attack took place , said he felt powerless to challenge the gangs .
“ We need more military presence . . . more police who are trained and equipped to fight the kind of criminals we are facing , ” he said in an interview with Milenio television .
Milenio said 993 people have been killed so far in March , more than in any other month in the last 3 1/2 years .
Also Monday , authorities announced the capture of a suspect in the March 13 slaying of three people attached to the U.S. Consulate in the border city of Ciudad Juarez .
Advertisement
Enrique Torres , spokesman for the joint police - military command that controls Ciudad Juarez , said the army , acting on information from the FBI , detained a leader of the Barrio Azteca gang .
Two U.S. citizens , Lesley A. Enriquez , a consular officer , and her husband , Arthur H. Redelfs , were killed on their way home from a children ’s birthday party in Ciudad Juarez .
Jorge Alberto Salcido , the husband of another consular officer , was killed about the same time after leaving the same birthday event .
wilkinson@latimes.com
Advertisement
Sanchez is a news assistant in The Times ’ Mexico City Bureau .
WHILE supply - side catechism insists that lower taxes are a growth tonic , the theory also argues that if you want less of something , tax it more .
The economy desperately needs less of our bloated , unproductive and increasingly parasitic banking system .
In this respect , the White House appears to have gone over to the supply side with its proposed tax on big banks , as it scores populist points against the banksters , too .
Not surprisingly , the bankers are already whining , even though the tax would amount to a financial pinprick  a levy of only 0.15 percent on the debts ( other than deposits ) of the big financial conglomerates .
Their objections are evidence that the administration is on the right track .
Make no mistake .
The banking system has become an agent of destruction for the gross domestic product and of impoverishment for the middle class .
To be sure , it was lured into these unsavory missions by a truly insane monetary policy under which , most recently , the Federal Reserve purchased $ 1.5 trillion of longer - dated Treasury bonds and housing agency securities in less than a year .
It was an unprecedented exercise in market - rigging with printing - press money , and it gave a sharp boost to the price of bonds and other securities held by banks , permitting them to book huge revenues from trading and bookkeeping gains .
Meanwhile , by fixing short - term interest rates at near zero , the Fed planted its heavy boot squarely in the face of depositors , as it shrank the banks ’ cost of production  their interest expense on depositor funds  to the vanishing point .
# 955 – Monolith
Posted on February 8 , 2010 at 12:00 am by Chris
Somehow I ’ve managed to get myself into a similar situation at work lately .
I ’ll get a request to do something that seems silly and so I will ask for clarification .
They insist “ Yes , please do it exactly as you described . ”
So I give up and complete the job .
I send it out for their approval and “ Please do everything completely different . ”
BMW ’s F 800 series has been getting a lot of attention since the launch of the original S variant in 2006 .
And right now , the flavor of the month in Europe is the 87 bhp F 800 R roadster , as ridden by stuntman Chris Pfeiffer .
Off - road specialists
Touratech have already given their take on it with the ScrambleR , and now the BMW tuner AC Schnitzer has released the Reloaded .
Somewhat dubious cosmetic modifications — a belly pan and fairing — amplify the ‘ streetfighter ’ look , but the suspension work is more interesting .
There ’s an adjustable ‘ Fusion Spring Strut ’ for the rear and new fork springs developed with the help of WP Suspension at the front .
The bike also has black anodized superbike - style handlebars , and a road - legal ‘ Stealth ’ muffler with removable ‘ DB - killer ’ , which will boost the power output a little .
We ’re surprised they have n’t done more with the engine , but maybe that ’ll come later .
By Louise Hubball
BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Archive film footage dating back to the 1920s has been rediscovered in Cornwall .
As well as producing mining equipment , Holmans of Camborne also had a film unit .
It recorded day - to - day life in the factories , before the industry declined .
When the factories closed , Holmans left behind 160 reels of footage .
This has recently been re-digitised by Cornish company Azook .
The film is now being toured around the county in the hope that someone will recognise the faces from long ago .
Completely demolished Walking around Camborne , it is very hard to find any trace of the factories and the mighty machinery that once made this town prosperous .
In its heyday , Holmans employed over 3,000 local people , across three sites .
Now the factories are in ruins - one has been completely demolished and replaced by a supermarket car park .
And yet Holmans lives on here , thanks to the work of its film unit .
Reels of footage dating from the 1920s to 1960s bring to life a thriving , bustling Camborne .
As the footage flickers into life , scenes of office , factory and foundry workers appear .
Men in flat caps and braces pour liquid metal from huge vats , men in suits perch in front of drawing boards , and women in flowered dresses skip down the office steps .
It was a great honour to wear that badge of Holmans
Hiram Tresidder I sit and watch the film with members of the Holmans Choir .
They will be accompanying the film when it is shown at venues across the county this month .
People start pointing and remembering the locations on the screens .
" Holmans was Camborne , " they tell me .
Only 10 members of the choir are original Holman 's workers , and what had originally struck me as a disconnected gaggle of men , is suddenly transformed back to the close knit community flickering on the screen , whose work and home lives were dominated by the factories .
The choir are suddenly journeying back to a time when Holmans was great and no one could imagine a life without mining .
Former worker Hiram Tresidder tells me he had been extremely honoured to actually meet one of the Holman family .
" They had respect for their employees , " he says .
" And they had the same back from the employees , and it was a great honour to wear that badge of Holmans . "
' Greatest memory ' Another , David Latham , explains : " I started my apprenticeship in 1970 .
And I grew up there .
" I became a man there , if you like .
I went from a boy to a man - and what more do you want , really ? "
One of the eldest members of the choir is Grant Hart .
We stand shoulder to shoulder and sing with that name behind us
Jim Geach
He has tears welling in his eyes as he tells me : " The greatest memory of Holmans is being a member of this very fine choir .
" And I 've been in this choir for 46 years .
And that to me is something that no one will ever forget .
Friendship . "
The screenings across Cornwall have been made possible due to a collaboration with the Trevithick Society , and support from the Digital Film Archive Fund , South West Screen and the Film Council Lottery Fund .
They are keen to find out more about the footage , and it is hoped the people of Camborne will come forward with information .
The memories will then be collected to provide a record for Cornish school children of their heritage .
The Holmans choir will be singing at the screenings .
Former worker Jim Geach tells me : " We are privileged and very humble to represent this county and its people , and it 's the only thing that 's left .
And we stand shoulder to shoulder and sing with that name behind us .
" And that is a very big privilege . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Who does n't like potatoes ?
I am a die hard fan of this root vegetable and find it immensely versatile in my cooking needs .
Roast it , grill it , bake it , mash it , steam it - everything and almost anything works with potatoes .
I esp. love them roasted and enjoyed them a lot in my growing up years and do so even now .
But with growing health concerns and ' looks ' conscious world in which we live today , roasting is such a ' taboo ' word .
With heavy heart , I bid adieu to roasted potatoes at some point in my life .
But with the advent of Oven in my life , things have been quite hunky dory in my kitchen .
I have started dreaming as well as enjoying roasted potatoes again , of course with so much less oil and fat , that it makes a happy and satisfactory splurge .
NASA will run tests later this week to determine whether its safe to fly shuttle Discovery despite valve trouble that cropped up over the weekend during a critical propellant - loading operation at Kennedy Space Center .
The tests , if successful , could provide managers with the data required to prove Discovery could launch as scheduled on April 5 and still fly its International Space Station outfitting mission safely .
Discovery and seven astronauts are scheduled to blast off from launch pad 39A at 6:21 a.m. Eastern April 5 , hauling up an Italian cargo carrier filled with science racks and tons of supplies and equipment to the International Space Station .
The mission is one of four station outfitting missions remaining before shuttle fleet retirement .
The Discovery launch plans hit a snag late Friday when a helium leak was detected in one of the shuttle 's two hump - like orbital maneuvering system pods , which house engines that are used to make large course corrections in orbit .
The twin maneuvering engines are used to drop the shuttle out of orbit for atmospheric reentry and landing .
Small steering thrusters used for precision piloting also are housed in the pods .
Helium plays a critical role in pushing propellant into the engines and thrusters while maintaining proper pressures within the system .
Engineers detected a leak in an isolation valve that separates a helium supply tank from a hydrazine fuel tank in Discovery 's right - hand pod .
The helium line in question is used to pressurize thrusters in the pod .
It appears the valve might have been stuck in the open position , or that it might have a significant leak .
The propellant - loading operation involved pumping monomethyl hydrazine and nitrogen textroxide into separate tanks and filling up the helium supply tank .
The operation was completed over the weekend and engineers were able to close the faulty valve after pressurizing the helium tank .
The tests late this week will determine whether two helium regulator valves downstream from the faulty valve are working properly .
If so , then the regulator valves would ensure proper pressures would be maintained in the system even if the faulty valve leaked or failed to close during flight .
Knowing whether the regulators are operating properly will be a key factor for managers who must decided whether to fly the shuttle as - is or move Discovery back to its processing hangar for repairs .
A decision to roll the shuttle off the pad and remove Discovery from its external tank would cause a significant launch delay .
It also would scramble the schedule for the last three shuttle missions , which now are scheduled to launch May 14 , July 29 and Sept. 16 .
NASA and shuttle fleet operator United Space Alliance will calibrate a test panel over the next several days .
The helium system will be brought up to full pressure and engineers will monitor gauges on the panel to determine whether the regulators are operating properly .
By Todd Halvorson , FLORIDA TODAY
Over the past two years , one of the most salient topics of discussion has been America 's collapse into a Chinese state of economic disclosure - limited , opaque , and , at worst , fraudulent .
Due to Zero Hedge 's extremely " eclectic " selection of readers who are professionals in a variety of industries , we would like to take the opportunity to hear from all of you on what the true state of the US economy is where you are - be it ( un ) employment , inventories , overall business conditions , moods , general supply and demand , etc .
Consider it an objective , crowd - sourced , non-manipulated business perspective .
This will likely be the last open thread for a while .
The soapbox is yours .
Who said newspapers are only good for reading ?
This ingenious project was built with the help of over 1000 participants , some who provided the newspapers and others helping in rolling them out .
This original idea belongs to artist Summer Erek and it was built for Creative City .
Here ’s what the artist had to say about his project :
“ We all believed that moving into the digital era would diminish the use of paper .
On the contrary , there seems to be a resurgence of printed material and newspapers , much of it free and everywhere – yet we do n’t think much about where paper comes from and where it goes after we ’ve used it .
Newspapers pile up in our houses , lie on the streets and on public transport .
The issue is not likely to disappear ; we must find creative ways to deal with it .
We are urged to consume without thinking about how to discard .
The first step is inviting people to think about and value the material itself , and to consider the issue of “ waste ” .
We Recommend :
Marvel Comics Promises ‘ Heroes Will Be Heroes Again ’ In ‘ Heroic Age ’
The Watchmen and Dark Knight films have ushered a darker , grittier super hero into our pop consciousness but it looks like Marvel is heading the opposite direction with their comics line .
For months now they ’ve been hinting at a brighter , shinier future for their core superhero universe and with the solicitation of May ’s Heroic
Age branding Marvel has given us a first look at their plans for a post - Siege event
Currently Marvel produces four Avengers books ( New Avengers , Dark Avengers , Mighty Avengers , and Avengers : The Initiative ) which will all be canceled in lieu of a new core series — simply titled Avengers written by Brian Michael Bendis .
Bendis exclaimed in the story , “ The ‘ brand new day ’ of the Heroic Age presents a tonal shift to optimism , a world filled with hope but quite hellish villains . ”
Marvel Editor - in - Chief Joe Quesada also noted that in the new branding for the Marvel line “ heroes will be heroes again ” featuring “ a throwback to the early days of the Marvel Universe , with more of a swashbuckling feel . ”
The announcement represents a major shift in the tone of the publisher ’s stories , which have seen huge sales over the past several years for plot lines exploring the darker side of capes and tights following the highly publicized Civil War event to the recent Dark Reign status quo .
The relaunched Avengers monthly title will also start with a new # 1 issue rather than pick up the original series numbering which Bendis himself helped end in 2004 .
No artist or full Avengers lineup was revealed for the book , however we do know it will feature Marvel ’s “ big three ” of Captain America , Iron Man , and Thor .
( Any coincidence they all have movies coming out in the next 3 years ? )
So far , mums the word on story specifics but I do find it interesting that Marvel promises a “ reborn ” Captain America , while featuring promotional art by Jim Cheung with Bucky Barnes wearing the Red , White , and Blue rather than the recently revived Steve Rogers .
The image also features Clint Barton in his old Hawkeye costume .
DC Entertainment recently announced a similar move for their comic universe with Brightest Day set to begin in April 2010 .
[ Read : What Happens After Blackest Night ? â€ ˜ Brightest Dayâ€™ ]
Everything seems to go in cycles and now it seems we ’re headed back to the “ brighter hero ” cycle .
I ’m not entirely thrilled with this new Heroic
Age branding but I do like the consolidation of the Avengers books ( 4 is way too many ) and I would read Dora The Explorer if Bendis was writing it , so I will be picking up the new book .
Exclusive to STR
In the past decade , public smoking bans in America have become increasingly commonplace ; governmental efforts to institute such bans often prove successful , primarily because the majority of Americans do not smoke .
In other words , the majority can only gain from such legislation .
Supporters reason that they should not have to inhale second - hand smoke every time they patronize the local bar .
This argument is seemingly sound ; most ban backers this author has encountered do indeed provide this justification when endeavoring to legitimize their views .
Once effective counterarguments are rendered , however , supporters often change the foundation in which their ban advocacy initially appeared to be rooted .
They then contend that employers have a responsibility to provide a smoke - free environment for their employees .
Neither justification is well - reasoned .
Moreover , it is unambiguous that public smoking bans are incompatible with private property rights .
If one does not wish to inhale cigarette smoke when he goes for a weekend outing , then that individual can opt to visit a non-smoking establishment .
A private business , contrary to popular opinion , is private property .
The owner of the business is entitled to run it in any manner she desires .
It seems many believe that because a private business caters to the “ public , ” the business is public property ( i.e. , the property of government oligarchs ) .
Accordingly , they think , it is appropriate for the authorities to institute and enforce public smoking bans .
Since when does setting foot on private premises render you the owner of those premises ?
No one is forced to visit a particular bar , restaurant , club , etc .
Many counter that they wish to patronize a town watering hole , but all local holes permit smoking .
These irrationalists fail to appreciate the simple fact that the very existence of these businesses is merely a side effect of the business owners pursuing their self - interest .
That is , they are n’t selling you those Bud Lights to make you happy , but rather to get your money .
The business owner , given that she is a maximizer of profit ( evil capitalist ! ) , will implement a smoking ban if economic conditions are such that it is profitable to do so .
The absence of such a ban should illuminate the fact that it is nothing of the sort .
Top - down public smoking bans are a blatant violation of business owners ’ property rights , allowing the masses ( non-smokers ) to essentially seize control over private property .
If smoking is occurring in a bar and you voluntarily enter that bar , then you should accept the obvious consequence of doing so : breathing smoke .
Your desire not to , even if the vast majority of your fellow citizens feel similarly , does not constitute a valid justification for government encroachment upon private property rights .
The other contention , that employees are entitled to a smoke - free workplace , occasions similar counterarguments .
No individual is forced to work at any specific business .
When one applies for a job at a smoking establishment , he should be prepared to inhale smoke when on the job .
If he does not like it , he is free to seek employment elsewhere .
At this point some assert that every individual is entitled to a smoke - free workplace regardless of where he opts to work .
A slight smile crosses this author ’s face when one plays this card .
As a consequence of one ’s advocacy of this notion , one must support banning smoking in private households .
After all , the plumber , the painter , and the interior designer who make house calls are entitled to a smoke - free environment .
“ That ’s ridiculous , we do n’t want that ! ” , they shoot back .
On the contrary : the logical policy implication of this argument would in fact be a ban on smoking in every place where individuals work : private residences , parks , city streets , etc .
In other words : a universal smoking ban .
Is that compatible with the principles of a free society ?
The lesson to be drawn from this phenomenon is profound .
It seems to this author that his fellow citizenry is all too ready to accept governmental usurpation of private property as long as they benefit from it .
Such support , however , opens the floodgates to further controls .
Many of these will inevitably be measures that smoking ban supporters are not particularly fond of .
The principle that legitimizes public smoking bans in supporters ’ eyes , however , is as follows : governmental encroachment upon private property rights is valid if it makes me happy .
One ’s acceptance of this principle constitutes forfeiture of one ’s right to protest increasingly invasive and decreasingly popular legislation .
In case anybody is still unsure about Hollywood ’s feelings toward philandering politicians , big oil intrigue , and exciting production design details , AMC is ready to set the record straight .
According to The Hollywood Reporter , the network is in the initial stages of producing a new series tentatively titled , Black Gold : The Teapot Dome Scandal .
The project , based on a non-fiction book by Laton McCartney , centers on the political dealings between President Warren G. Harding ’s administration and big oil tycoons in the 1920s .
Kirk Ellis , whose writing credits include HBO ’s John Adams and TNT ’s epic Into the West , has teamed up with AMC to develop the series .
The scandal stems from 1922 , when the Secretary Of The Interior , Albert B. Fall , leased oil fields in Wyoming ( including an outcrop known as Teapot Rock ) and California to Sinclair Oil and Pan America Petroleum , without any competitive bidding for other companies .
A Senate investigation later revealed that tycoons from both companies had loaned great amounts of money without interest to Secretary Fall , who was ultimately convicted of accepting bribes .
А если я
Вас заинтересовал , Вы можете мен я Twitter .
Всегда рад новым друзьям ! :)
Приветствую !
Есл и
Вы впервые на этом сайте , и он Вам понравился , предлагаю подписаться на RSS и не пропускать новые статьи .
А если я
Вас заинтересовал , Вы можете меня зафолловить .
Всегда рад новым друзьям ! :)
Доброго времени суток , друзья !
Я считаю , что любой дизайнер или фотограф должен иметь представление , что такое температура цвета , в каких единицах она измеряется , ну и т.п.
С помощью цветовой температуры мы можем описывать цвета в различных ситуациях , дизайнах , при работе с определенным оборудованием , при настройке источника цвета для создания необходимых условий освещения .
Единицами измерений в цветовой температуре выступают градусы Кельвина ( K ) .
Как мы знаем со школьного курса физики ( если кто помнит ) , для того , чтобы перевести градус ы Кельвина в градус ы Цельсия , нам нужно из первого числа вычест ь 273 , т.е. формула будет выглядеть так : °С = K − 273
Цвет источника света описывают в соотношении температуры этого источника с температурой черного тела .
Давайте , для примера , возьмем небольшой металлический лист и сильно его нагреем .
Дойдя до температуры в 1000 K лист приобретет красный оттенок .
Лист продолжит нагреваться и его цвет будет изменятся в последовательности : оранжевый , желтый , белый , голубой .
Таким образом процесс нагрева листа можно соотнести с определенным цветом света .
Ниже приведена шкала температуры цвет а
Надеюсь , все понятно с моего описани я
Если у
Вас есть какие - то дополнения к моей статье , буду рад выслушать ! )
Tehran , Iran ( CNN ) --
An Iranian court has sentenced one person to death and eight others to prison for their parts in anti-government demonstrations in December , the semi-official Fars news agency reported Tuesday .
The nine defendants were tried last week over their roles in protests during the Shiite Muslim holy period of Ashura , Fars said , quoting the Tehran judiciary 's public relations office .
There now are 10 people sentenced to death and awaiting appeal in connection with the protests .
Two men already have been executed for participating in anti-government demonstrations , but a lawyer for one of them said her client was already in jail when the protests began .
The nine people tried last week were convicted of conspiracy against the government and " waging war against God , " an extremely serious charge that some Iranian lawmakers have pushed to carry an automatic death penalty .
All can appeal their sentences , Fars reported .
Sentences of imprisonment and fines against 35 others have been upheld on appeal , the Iranian Students News Agency said .
They were convicted of attacking security personnel , arson and damage to private and public property , and other charges .
News of the latest sentences came during what is normally a week of celebrations in Iran , marking the anniversary of the overthrow of the monarchy on February 11 , 1979 .
Anti-government demonstrations began after the disputed June 12 presidential vote , which re-elected President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over main opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi .
A fresh round of protests that began in late December marked the deadliest clashes since the initial protests in the summer .
At least seven people were killed and hundreds were arrested , witnesses said , as they took to the streets on Ashura , December 27 .
The Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone and has blamed reformists for the violence .
Police arrested 4,000 people in the post-election crackdown .
In January , authorities hanged Mohammed Reza Ali Zamani , 37 , and Arash Rahmanipour , 20 , who had been convicted of being enemies of God and plotting to topple the Islamic regime .
The executions drew international condemnation .
" It 's like , you know man , you know .
People like us were meant for something important , something different than this whole fucked up society .
Oh , that ?
That 's the rocket facade left over from our last house party . " [ flickr / sfist via io9 ]
Advertisement
Are post - apocalyptic movies better than superhero films ?
Are remakes better than book adaptations ?
We decided to settle these questions once and for all — using science .
We 've compared the average Rotten Tomatoes scores for nine types of science fiction films .
Advertisement
Methodology :
We compiled a list of movies in each category , for the past decade , and then looked up their scores on Rotten Tomatoes , the movie review aggregator site .
Results :
On average , the genre that has the absolute best Rotten Tomatoes score is zombie movies , and the category of movie with the highest score is " reboots . "
Reboots are better than remakes , apparently .
Zombie movies are better than superhero movies — but they 're both better than post - apocalyptic movies .
Here are the average scores for each category :
Reboots : 63.22
Zombie movies : 60.71
Superhero movies : 56.15
Paranoid thrillers : 53.78
Book / graphic novel adaptations : 52.71
Post - apocalyptic movies : 51.13
Remakes : 46.16
Spaceships and aliens : 44.71
Vampires : 38.36
Advertisement
If anybody out there has a degree in statistics , it would be interesting to crunch these numbers further — like which type of movie has the biggest variation in quality ?
It seems like some genres have more drek than others — like there are a ton of superhero movies below 20 percent , but no zombie movies below that threshold .
Note :
Of course , Rotten Tomatoes scores are subjective , and only represent the opinions of individual movie critics .
And what do the critics know anyway ?
Also , this is only for movies over the past decade .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So here are our detailed findings , including individual scores for each movie :
Advertisement
Superhero movies :
The Incredibles 97
The Dark knight 94
Spider - Man 2 94
Iron Man 93
Spider - Man 90
X2 88
Hellboy II 87
Batman Begins 85
Hellboy 81
X - Men 81
Superman Returns 76
Sky High 73
Unbreakable 68
The Incredible Hulk 66
Watchmen 64
Spider - Man 3 63
Mystery Men 63
Hulk 61
Blade II 58
X - Men : The Last Stand 56
Daredevil 44
Hancock 40
My Super Ex -Girlfriend 40
X-men Origins : Wolverine 37
Fantastic 4 : Rise of The Silver Surfer 37
Ghost Rider 26
Fantastic Four 26
Blade Trinity 26
League of Extraordinary Gentlemen 16
Superhero Movie ! 15
The Spirit 14
Elektra 10
Catwoman 10
Average : 56.15
Advertisement
Zombie movies :
Hell 's Ground 100
Zombie Girl : The Movie 100
REC 91
Shaun Of The Dead 91
Zombieland 89
28 Days Later 88
Slither 85
They Came Back 83
Flight of the Living Dead : Outbreak on a Plane 80
Zombie Honeymoon 80
Survival Of The Dead 80
Mulberry Street 78
The Children 77
Dawn Of The Dead 76
Land of the Dead 75
Planet Terror 74
28 Weeks Later 72
I Sell The Dead 72
Fido 69
I Am Legend 68
Versus 67
Dead Snow 66
Diary of the Dead 60
Quarantine 60
Scream Queen 60
The Roost 56
The Signal 54
Automaton Transfusion 50
Flesh For The Beast 50
Doghouse 43
Colin 42
Beyond Re-Animator 42
Zombie Strippers 40
Otto ; Or , Up With Dead People 35
Resident Evil 34
Undead 30
Tsui Hark's Vampire Hunters 29
Resident Evil : Extinction 23
Resident Evil : Apocalypse 21
Day of the Dead 20
Night Of The Living Dorks 20
Shadow ; Dead Riot 20
Average : 60.71
Advertisement
Post - Apocalyptic :
WALL-E 96
Children of Men 92
The Road 76
The Matrix Reloaded 73
I Am Legend 68
Carriers 64
Time of the Wolf 63
On The Beach 60
9 57
The Signal 54
City of Ember 51
Doomsday 48
The Book of Eli 45
Reign of Fire 40
The Matrix Revolutions 37
Equilibrium 36
Repo !
The Genetic Opera 34
Terminator Salvation 31
Resident Evil : Extinction 23
Mutant Chronicles 16
Aeon Flux 10
Average : 51.13
Advertisement
Paranoid Thrillers :
Memento 93
Minority Report 92
Freeze Frame 83
Manchurian Candidate 81
The Machinist 75
V for Vendetta 74
Sunshine 74
Paranoia 1.0 67
A Scanner Darkly 67
Solaris 65
Deja Vu 56
Cypher 56
Deterrence 45
The Jacket 44
Vanilla Sky 40
The Island 40
Southland Tales 36
X - Files : I want To Believe 32
Paycheck 27
Hollow Man 27
AntiTrust 25
Push 23
Impostor 15
Average : 53.78
Advertisement
Franchise Reboots :
Casino Royale 94
Star Trek 94
Batman Begins 85
Superman Returns 76
The Incredible Hulk 66
Sum of All Fears 59
Planet of the Apes 44
Halloween 26
Friday the 13th 25
Average : 63.22
Advertisement
Remakes :
King Kong 83
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory 82
Manchurian Candidate 81
Dawn of the Dead 76
War of the Worlds 74
I Am Legend 68
Solaris 65
Quarantine 60
Planet of the Apes 44
Death Race 42
Vanilla Sky 40
Time Machine 28
The Stepford Wives 27
Halloween 26
Amityville Horror 24
The Day The Earth Stood Still 20
The Invasion 19
The Wicker Man 15
Rollerball 3
Average : 46.16
Advertisement
Book / graphic novel adaptations :
Ringu 97
Lord Of The Rings : The Two Towers 96
Lord Of The Rings : The Return Of The King 94
Pontypool 93
Children of Men 92
Lord Of The Rings : The Fellowship Of The Ring 92
Harry Potter And The Prisoner Of Azkaban 89
Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire 88
Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince 83
Harry Potter And The Chamber Of Secrets 82
1408 78
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone 78
Harry Potter And The Order Of the Phoenix 77
Stardust 76
The Prestige 75
War of the Worlds 74
V For Vendetta 74
The Mist 73
Dark Water ( Japanese ) 71
The Ring 71
Midnight Meat Train 70
A Scanner Darkly 67
Solaris 65
Watchmen 64
Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy 61
Journey to the Center of the Earth 61
Night Watch 58
I , Robot 58
From Hell 58
The Mothman Prophecies 52
Twilight 50
Percy Jackson & The Olympians : The Lightning Thief 50
Dark Water ( English ) 46
The Ruins 46
Secret Window 46
The Box 44
Planet of the Apes 44
K - Pax 41
Circque du Freak : The Vampires Assistant 37
Dreamcatcher 30
Riding the Bullet 29
Next 29
Surrogates 29
Twilight : New Moon 28
The Time Machine 28
The Stepford Wives 27
The Amityville Horror 24
The Ring 2 21
League of Extraordinary Gentlemen 16
Mutant Chronicles 16
Jumper 15
Excorcist : The Beginning 11
Timeline 11
Blood and Chocolate 11
Babylon A.D. 7
Battlefield Earth 2
House 0
Average : 52.71
Advertisement
Vampire movies :
Let The Right One In 97
Dracula : Pages From A Virgin's Diary 86
Thirst 82
Shadow Of The Vampire 81
Loved Ones 80
Jesus Christ Vampire Hunter 78
Vampire Hunter D : Bloodlust 71
Grace 68
Daybreakers 67
Day Watch 62
Blade 2 58
Dracula III : Legacy 57
The Roost 56
Blood : The Last Vampire 53
Twilight 50
30 Days of Night 48
Trouble Every Day 44
Marebito 41
Circque du Freak : The Vampires Assistant 37
From Dusk Till Dawn 2 : The Hangman 's Daughter 33
Rise : Blood Hunter 33
Underworld : Rise of the Lycans 32
Underworld 30
Lesbian Vampire Killers 29
Tsui Hark's Vampire Hunters 29
Twilight : New Moon 28
Blade : Trinity 26
Van Helsing 23
Blood : The Last Vampire 20
The Queen Of The Damned 17
Dracula 2000 15
Underworld : Evolution 15
The Forsaken 8
Ultraviolet 8
Lost Souls 7
Bloodrayne 4
Dracula II : Ascension 0
Eulogy For A Vampire 0
Legion Of The Dead 0
Lost Boys : The Tribe 0
Transylmania 0
Average : 38.36
Advertisement
Spaceships And Aliens :
Wall - E 96
Star Trek 94
District 9 90
Moon 89
Slither 85
Avatar 82
Serenity 81
Star Wars Episode III 80
Space Cowboys 79
Zathura 76
Superman Returns 76
Kol ... Mil Gaya 75
Sunshine 74
War Of The Worlds 74
Monsters Vs. Aliens 72
Cowboy Bebop : The Movie 69
Treasure Planet 69
Star Wars Episode II 66
Spider - Man 3 63
Hitchhiker 's Guide To The Galaxy 61
The American Astronaut 61
Transformers 57
Pitch Black 55
Titan A.E. 51
Godzilla Final Wars 50
CJ7 49
Battle For Terra 47
Tamala 2010 46
Planet Of The Apes 44
What Planet Are You From ? 42
Men In Black II 38
Space Chimps 37
Fantastic 4 : Rise of The Silver Surfer 37
Star Trek : Nemesis 37
Returner 35
Alien Trespass 34
Knowing 33
Pandorum 30
Chronicles Of Riddick 30
Aliens In The Attic 29
Fantastic 4 26
Mission To Mars 24
Planet 51 23
Alien Vs. Predatorv 22
Jason X 21
Transformers : Revenge Of The Fallen 20
Day The Earth Stood Still 20
Meet Dave 19
Dude Where 's My Car? 19
The Invasion 19
Star Wars : The Clone Wars 19
Doom 19
Thunderbirds 19
John Carpenter 's Ghosts Of Mars 19
The Fourth Kind 18
Fly Me To The Moon 17
Dragonball : Evolution 13
Aliens Vs. Predator : Requiem 12
Red Planet 12
Supernova 10
The Adventures Of Pluto Nash 6
Battlefield Earth 2
Space Buddies N/
A
Average : 44.71
Advertisement
Additional reporting by Mary Ratliff and Josh C. Snyder .
War on the Poor. . .
Continues in Fresno editor [ at ] fresnoalliance.com )
Friday Feb 5th , 2010 2:45 PM by Mike Rhodes
A new Fresno ordinance would ban homeless people from standing on medians and asking for money .
The Fresno City Council gave tentative approval to the measure at its meeting yesterday .
Nonprofit community groups wanting to solicit money from median strips would have to get a permit .
Homeless people and their advocates called the measure discriminatory .
Photo below : Al Williams and Carissa Phelps hold sign asking for help .
War on the Poor. . .
Continues in Fresno
By Mike Rhodes
The Fresno City Council has passed , with a 6 - 1 vote , an ordinance that will remove homeless people from median islands while allowing established community groups to continue using the space for their fundraisers .
Bill Simon , the chairperson of the Greater Fresno American Civil Liberties Union , called the measure discriminatory .
Simon said “ perhaps Mr. Westerlund was well intentioned when he proposed this median safety ordinance , but on its face it has a discriminatory intent and motive against poor people , especially against the homeless while protecting two popular fundraisers - The Fresno Bee Day for Children ’s Hospital and the Firefighters fundraiser .
But , the equal protection guaranteed by the Constitution does not allow one set of rules for some people and another set for others .
Equal treatment means everyone or no one .
If fundraising on a median is unsafe for some , then it is unsafe for all . ”
Fresno City Council member Larry Westerland defended his ordinance , saying that if “ somebody who wanted to , up to one time every six months , they would be able to come in and there would be a form they would fill out , a one page form , it would be like here is my name , here is the median I would like to occupy on this date , whatever that date would be .
We talked about a 48 hour notice before going out there . ”
Westerlund ’s ordinance would require the applicant to pay a filling fee , provide proof of insurance , and require the use of a brightly colored vest .
Al Williams , a homeless man who says he uses the median islands to collect money , said the ordinance would discriminate against the poor .
At yesterday ’s City Council meeting , Williams said “ you all beg for money when you run for office .
Each of you all do .
What makes you better than me ?
You know , you are a human being , just like a lot of the people out there are trying to make an honest dollar .
Churches beg for money , Kids Day begs for money and the police department and the Fire department begs for money , but you want to criminalize a poor person for asking form money .
That is inhumane and despicable . ”
The city council voted 6 - 1 to support the ordinance , with council member Cynthia Sterling in opposition
The measure returns to the City Council on February 11 for final approval .
It could go into affect 60 or 90 days after that .
But it ’s likely to face a lawsuit .
An attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union of northern California said “ parts of the ordinance are likely invalid because they conflict with the California Vehicle Code . ”
A 2005 Brookings Institute report showed that Fresno has the highest concentration of poverty in the country .
The “ official ” unemployment rate is currently 16.8 %
Man who broke the Bank of England , George Soros , 'at centre of hedge funds plot to cash in on fall of the euro '
The man about to break the euro ?
George Soros is said to be placing large bearish bets against the single currency
A secretive group of Wall Street hedge fund bosses are said to be behind a plot to cash in on the decline of the euro .
Representatives of George Soros 's investment business were among an all - star line up of Wall Street investors at an ' ideas dinner ' at a private townhouse in Manhattan , according to reports .
A spokesman for Soros Fund Management said the legendary investor did not attend the dinner on February 8 , but did not deny that his firm was represented .
At the dinner , the speculators are said to have argued that the euro is likely to plunge in value to parity with the dollar .
The single currency has been under enormous pressure because of Greece 's debt crisis , plus financial worries in Portugal , Italy , Spain and Ireland .
But , it has also struggled because hedge funds have been placing huge bets on the currency 's decline , which could make the speculators hundreds of millions of pounds .
The euro traded at $ 1.51 in December , but has since fallen to $ 1.34 .
Details of the secretive dinner emerged days after Mr Soros , chairman of Soros
Fund Management , warned in a newspaper article that the euro could ' fall apart ' even if the European Union can agree a deal to shore up support for stricken Greece .
Mr Soros , who made more than $ 1 billion by currency speculation when the pound was ejected from the Exchange Rate Mechanism on Black Wednesday in 1992 , believes the structure of the euro is ' patently flawed ' .
Hitting back : Greek PM George Papandreou blames ' speculators ' for preying on the country 's troubles
He said : ' Makeshift assistance should be enough for Greece , but that leaves Spain , Italy , Portugal and Ireland .
' Together they constitute too large a portion of euroland to be helped in this way . '
He believes that unless the European Commission is given sweeping powers over taxation and spending , the single currency will always be vulnerable to financial turbulence in individual states .
' If member countries cannot take the next steps forward , the euro may fall apart , ' he added .
Last night , Greek prime minister George Papandreou hit back at the ' speculators ' who he blames for preying on the country 's troubles .
Following a visit by EU economic inspectors and experts from the International Monetary Fund , he told the country 's parliament that the worst fears about Greece 's economy had been confirmed .
Greece is desperate to restore the confidence of investors in its debt after revealing that the previous government understated its budget deficit by half .
Outlining the precarious nature of Greece 's finances , Mr Papandreou said : ' There is only one dilemma :
Will we let the country go bankrupt or will we react ?
' Will we let the speculators strangle us , or will we take our fate in our own hands ? '
The Greek leader also called for more help from the EU with its debt crisis .
Until now , the EU has offered political support but no bailout .
With friends like this :
The cover of the German magazine ' Focus ' this week , which shows the Venus de Milo giving the finger by a headline accusing Greece of swindling its way into the euro
Row : Greek daily Eleftheros Typos ran this depiction of the statue of the goddess Victoria , atop the Siegessaeule in Berlin , holding a swastika earlier this week in reaction to the Focus cover
But a row is still festering between Berlin and Athens over the crisis .
Tight spot : German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the situation was ' difficult '
A Greek consumer group called for a boycott of German goods today after a German magazine blasted the country as ' cheats .
The new trade war came as Angela Merkel admitted the euro is in ' a difficult situation ' for the first time .
She spoke as German magazine Focus ran a cover image of the armless Venus de Milo somehow raising her middle finger under the headline ' Cheats in the euro family ' to suggest that Greece deliberately misled EU peers to swindle its way into the euro .
The cover sparked outrage in Greece , prompting the demands for a boycott .
A Greek newspaper has also hit back , running an image showing the statue of the goddess Victoria atop the Siegessaeule in Berlin holding a swastika .
' The falsification of a statue of Greek history , beauty and civilisation , from a time when there ( in Germany ) they were eating bananas on trees is impermissible and unforgivable , ' a statement from the Consumer Institute ( INKA ) said .
' Greeks are no crooks , we want the German government to condemn this most improper publication , ' said INKA president George Lakouritis .
' If you have such friends , what do you need enemies for ?'
INKA distributed leaflets in central Athens and in front of German - owned consumer electronics store Media Markt , urging Greeks to heed the boycott .
Merkel 's government has so far deflected appeals to promise aid to heavily indebted Greece .
Opinion polls show that a majority of Germans oppose a bailout .
Germany 's ambassador to Greece , Wolfgang Schultheiss , said yesterday he regretted that German press reports caused offence .
' Germany is firmly on Greece 's side , ' Schultheiss said after being summoned by Greece 's parliament speaker Filippos Petsalnikos .
But it was n't enough for Mr Lakouritis .
' The ambassador 's statements were not satisfactory , ' he said .
Yesterday Mrs Merkel admitted that Greece 's debt crisis has plunged the euro into a ‘ difficult situation ' .
The admission from the leader of Europe 's biggest economy prompted fresh fears about the collapse of the single currency .
In the gravest sign yet of the international threat posed by Greece ’s crippling debt crisis , Mrs Merkel warned for the first time that the eurozone faces a ‘ dangerous ’ period .
Sweet .
Baby .
Jesus .
I 'm speechless .
I love NASA .
I love astronauts .
They 're true heroes , risking their lives in the name of science and progress .
But why did they make these posters ?
WHY ?
They defy any description , they 're pure gold : Updated
Advertisement
I 'm not joking .
These posters are not part of any of our Photoshop contests .
They are not made by the Onion .
They are made by someone at NASA .
They are 100 % real .
Jesusrollerbladinginaspandexsuitchrist .
Advertisement
Who 's the marketing genius who had the idea for these posters ?
WHO ?
Please contact me , because I want to get you in bed to love you long time and have your babies .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Update : Amy Gish , one of the authors of the posters , wrote to tell us more about it .
Hi and glad you liked the posters !
I recently left the Johnson Space Center graphics department ( relocated out of TX ) , but while I worked there crew posters were part of the job .
I created the STS - 119 and Expedition 23 posters .
The bulk of the graphics department at JSC are actually contractors and we get the requests from either NASA or other contractors to create the different pieces .
All the crew posters are requested by Space Flight Awareness ( SFA ) so can be found on their site .
For years the crew posters had much more of a traditional / standard look .
A few years ago our lead in the department made a mock Matrix movie poster for one of the crews and people loved it .
So from then on out we started to get a bit more freedom in desiging the posters .
Most crews actually really enjoy having fun with it - I think it 's probably a nice break for them from all the very serious training they are doing for the mission .
I was really excited to see our work on your site - thank you for posting !
- Amy
[ NASA - Thanks Gonzalo Oxenford ! ]
Over six months an Afghani journalist , Najibullah Quraishi , has risked his life to document the practice of Bacha Bazi ( boy play ) , where young men are forced into prostitution serving the needs of rich and powerful men .
The filmmaker follows those who make a living procuring young boys , and those who abuse them .
The result is a deeply disturbing portrait of a society that publicly promotes a strict moral code while effectively condoning systematic child abuse .
Imagine being nine or ten years old .
You are orphaned and living on the streets of a city in Afghanistan .
You are approached by a man you do not know .
He will clothe , feed and " protect " you .
All you must do is learn to dance .
At first you will practice your routine with another young man .
After weeks of training you will make your debut dancing before a crowd of men .
Many are former warlords who helped the Karzai Government make its way to power .
Others might be powerful businessmen .
Before you dance you will be given clothes and make up to make you look feminine .
After the dancing , the men are excited and they bid for your company .
If you please a warlord or businessman they will pay highly for your favours .
Ultimately you will be traded , violated and abused by a large number of men .
This is the world of the Bacha Bereesh , which means " beardless boys " .
These children are groomed to become sex slaves .
It is not a new practice .
In Afghanistan the Warlords often kept young boys as their sexual partners .
But in modern Afghanistan the practice has evolved into a lucrative and expanding business .
In a country ravaged by war orphaned boys are being openly targeted by paedophiles .
Some families are so poor that they are willing to sell their sons into slavery .
Official reports now suggest thousands of children are at risk .
For the first time on television this practice is finally exposed .
A locally born reporter has taken a camera and gone inside the world of the dancing boys .
He goes with the " protector " as this man buys children .
The reporter is told how the boys are trained and he is told how the " protector " will rent them out and take his " cut " .
The documentary finds evidence that this practice is not confined to any one area of Afghanistan .
Although it is popular in the north it is now spreading across the country .
The investigation also shows what happens when the boys mature or fall out of favour with the men who desire them .
Some are abandoned , others are killed .
Asked what impact this life has on the boys , one local says : " They are just boys , they will forget about it . "
It is an investigation that has a special resonance for anyone watching in Australia .
The people committing the abuse on these children are powerful figures in Afghan society .
They are given license to commit these criminal acts by the very governments that are supposed to be our allies in the war on terror and the lethal contest against the Taliban .
" The Warlord 's Tune " is produced and scripted by award winning documentary maker Jamie Doran .
It goes to air on Four Corners on Monday 22nd February at 8.30 pm on ABC1 .
It is repeated on Tuesday 23rd at 11.35 pm .
Also available online .
-----
Backgrounder
-----
BACKGROUND READING
War on children | ABC News | 22 February 2010
Sexual slavery involving boys as young as 10 is being condoned and in many cases protected by authorities in northern Afghanistan .
By Mark Bannerman for Four Corners .
Boys in Afghanistan Sold Into Prostitution , Sexual Slavery | Digital Journal | 20 November 2007
Wealthy former warlords in Baghlan , a northern province of Afghanistan , recruit adolescent boys for sex and entertainment , while local authorities remain powerless in stopping the practice .
Bacha Bazi : Afghan Tradition Expolits Young Boys | humantrafficking.change.org | 2 November 2009
Two subjects within the field of human trafficking are too often ignored : cultural traditions of slavery and the sale of boys in the commercial sex industry .
CNN recently shed light on both of these in an article about the Afghan tradition of bacha bazi , or " boy play " .
It 's a cultural tradition for many powerful Afghan men , but it 's modern - day slavery for the boys who live through it .
Afghan boy dancers sexually abused by former warlords | Reuters | 18 November 2007
They are known as " bacha bereesh " , boys without beards , teenage boys who dress up as girls and dance for male patrons at parties in northern Afghanistan .
It 's an age old practice that has led to some of the boy dancers being turned into sex slaves by wealthy and powerful patrons , often former warlords , who dress the boys up as girls , shower them with gifts and keep them as " mistresses " .
Timeline : Afghanistan 's turbulent history | ABC News
A chronology of key events throughout the country 's history .
Special Coverage : Afghanistan | ABC
News
The ABC 's consolidated news coverage .
RELATED FOUR CORNERS PROGRAMS
Saving Africas Witch Children | 22 June 2009
A harrowing story that reveals how thousands of small children in the African country of Nigeria are branded witches .
They are then starved , beaten , tortured and sometimes killed , all in the name of God .
The Many Faces of Brother Paul | 25 May 2009
The story of a charity worker who conned his benefactors , using his good works to mask his sexual abuse of children across the sub-continent .
Watch Online .
Sex Slaves | 3 April 2006
An extraordinary journey into the world of people trafficking , following one man 's quest to rescue his young wife from sex slavery .
Return to program page : " The Warlord 's Tune "
This is a series of works created by Star Wars artist Matt Busch in which the original movie posters have been zombified .
I like the guts hanging out of the tauntaun , that 's a nice touch .
And for the record -- I 'd still take my chances with Han .
So dreamy .
To coincide with the release of the latest Clone Wars episode " Brain Invaders " , which involved the clones and a Jedi becoming zombies , the Star Wars guys did a zombie theme for this week .
Good job , Matt , impressive work .
Granted not as impressive as if they were 3 - D and actually tried to bite you through the monitor , but that would make watching porn f*** ing insane AND YOU DON'T NEED THAT .
Which is exactly why the government wo n't release the technology .
You perverts ruined it for the rest of us !
Hit the jump for the other five posters .
Star Wars Zombies [ coreplanets ]
Thanks to Festus Grape , who
You know that glazed look your teenagers give while you ’re attempting to explain why they ca n’t just drop all their math classes because they will actually need a working knowledge of math in order to succeed in life – no matter the path they choose ?
Well , that ’s the look my spouse now fires off at me whenever a sentence of mine begins with the two trigger words , ‘ Sarah Palin ’ .
Even my stateside friends can be heard over the long - distance wire heaving a heavy ‘ ohmigodhereshegoesagain ’ sigh , followed quickly by an ‘ ifIholdreallystillmaybeshewon’tnoticeI’mstillontheline ’ inhale – to which I have adeptly given my curt …
“ I know you ’re there I can hear you breathing ! ” reply .
The truth is , most of the world is tired of hearing from or about Sarah Palin .
Rational people from all walks of life have dismissed her as a non-entity , as done a deal as the poor turkey in the 2008 Thanksgiving Pardoning death cone .
I ’ve personally heard the comment “ She lost – she quit – she ’s done – move on . ”
But some of us ca n’t just ‘ move on ’ .
Some of us can still see those little legs twitching in the background , ignored and on - camera , symbolic of how Sarah Palin treats all her family , friends and peers and for us , there can be no stopping until we know the list of Sarah Palin Victims is finished as well .
The blog list on the right of this post is made up of very dedicated , quite remarkable yet ordinary Americans who continue to donate their time and energy researching and writing without pay , that the rest of us might keep focused on the real Sarah Palin rather than succumb to the Madison Avenue image created by the John McCain staff in particular , the Republican Party in general , and her own personal greed , made fat by Harper - Collins publishing house .
The fact is , in 2008 , Sarah Palin perpetrated a hoax on the American people .
A hoax far worse than anything Tiger Woods could ever have done behind closed doors with a consenting adult , and yet Mr. Woods ’ transgressions are all over the media while Sarah Palin ’s hoax still remains sealed in a cardboard box in a locked storage room behind a well - marked ‘ Keep Out ’ sign .
For those of us who have glimpsed the contents of this box , it makes no sense whatsoever that the politicians , private citizens , educated physicians , and government officials who know the truth should remain silent , or that the media should not be scratching at the door en masse .
No other political aspirant to the White House Executive Staff in any history I can recall has ever , ever been allowed to skate past the press with such arrogant aplomb and total disregard for truth as Sarah Palin .
To watch the national press allow this ne ’er - do - well politician to slide by with garbled interviews , and outlandish personal stories a blind man could shoot holes through was appalling .
Last December
I published a post on the discrepancies between the photos of baby Trig , ( 1 ) home from the hospital and cradled in Aunt Mercede ’s arms and ( 2 ) just hours old in his grandmother ’s arms in the hospital hallway .
( Sarah , remember , could n’t be photographed because she was ‘ too - tired ’ . )
It ’s never made sense to me that the photo of the baby in the hospital corridor , just hours after birth , could show a Trig much bigger than the photo of him taken days later , after he ’d been released and sent home .
It also seemed – to me – a bit out of character for a woman bold and brash enough to make a 12 + hour trip , in bad weather , on two separate airplanes with layovers in public airport lounges , to suddenly feign ‘ fatigue ’ as reason to not sit perfectly still in a comfy chair and have her photo taken holding her brand new ‘ this is what I did all this travelling for ’ newborn son .
For a woman who craves media attention the way Sarah does , that was like walking barefoot in the snow all the way to the candy shop only to ask the shopkeeper for asparagus instead .
A verbal comment which I ’d never published came from the mother of the newborn bub I ’d used to illustrate the difference between an actual 6 + lb newborn and Trig who was supposedly born at 6 + lbs .
The two newborns were only a few ounces apart in birth weight , but their newborn photos were dramatically different .
After reading the post she called to chat – and her very first comment about the two photos [ above ] of Trig were “ Wow .
It does n’t even look like the same bub .
No really , they look like two completely different infants . ”
I ’d only been trying to show that the birth date had to be wrong .
My focus was on disproving Sarah ’s wild ride from Texas to Alaska to give birth after her water had broken at a political conference .
I had n’t picked up on the actual visual differences between babies in the photos , purportedly all of baby Trig , other than the discrepancies in size on the date and first week of his little life .
So while I heard her comment , it did n’t raise any flags .
Until …
Last month , I engaged in an email exchange with two different readers on the subject of Trig Palin ’s true identity .
These persons each purported to be a ‘ friend of a friend ’ who ’d each had an odd conversation they wanted to pass along .
I ’ve combined them into one conversation .
It went something like :
Emailee :
If you and others know the truth about Trig ’s birth , why on earth would you [ or them ] not come forward ?
Response :
What if the truth were so awful , so unimaginable that baby Trig would be traumatized if the truth came out ?
Emailee : Trig is just a baby – he ’s too young to be traumatized by anything in the press , and whatever huge secret this is , it ’s better out now than later when he can be actually traumatized , do n’t you think ?
Response :
But what if it does n’t involve just Trig .
What if other children are involved ?
What if all the children are involved ?
One of the emailees was concerned about being responsible for ‘ putting things in motion ’ .
When asked what that meant , the reply was :
Well , there are so many lunatics out there – and on both sides of the fence – I would feel completely responsible if any harm came to anyone over my raising certain questions – putting those questions into people ’s minds who had n’t thought about it .
I mean , if police or doctors , or even those people closer to the inner sanctum of Sarah Palin ’s world wanted to go forward , then it would be okay I guess but out here – I would be concerned for people ’s safety and welfare .
And then you realize – one day Trig will be old enough to read all this stuff said about the person he grows up to know as his mother .
Think about what happens to him then ?
I have thought about it .
I grew up in a family , in an era where bad things were hidden in closets and no one was ever allowed to speak of them .
It ’s a crap way to live .
Nothing good ever comes from secrets and inevitably , there ’s a flood or a fire or a nosey real estate agent and someone does show up to clean out the closet whether you want them to or not .
Gryphen , over at The Immoral Minority is , as you read this , leading a cleaning crew straight for Sarah Palin ’s closet door .
With the help of some qualified advisors , and other hard - working bloggers , Gryphen is about to smash through that “ Keep Out ” sign and march the truth about little Trig right out into the daylight .
And I proudly stand with all the other bloggers ( see list on right ) who are watching his back .
Gryphen ’s Tale Pt 1
Gryphen ’s Tale Pt 2
Sarah Palin perpetrated a hoax on the American people during the 2008 Presidential campaign , claiming to have given birth to a Down ’s Syndrome baby .
She continues to perpetrate this hoax even now .
She deserves to be held accountable .
America needs her to be held accountable .
The infant known as Trig Palin needs her to be held accountable .
==================
Footnote :
This is completely off the top of my head but … in chatting with the commenters below , it AGAIN struck me as odd that Sarah Palin ’s parents were the ones to present the governor ’s new baby to the world without even a sibling or the dad present .
But this time , as I ’m reading and replying to comments , the penny has dropped that they are in a hospital ‘ corridor ’ .
As many times as I ’ve typed “ hospital corridor / hallway ” in my posts regarding this issue , it ’s only now just come into my line of sight that wait a minute – why a hallway ?
Without any activity going on around them , they might just as well have walked into the hospital off the street – met with ADN reporters then got into their car and drove off immediately after the interview .
How about it ADN ?
How ’d that interview take place ?
Did any of your crew actually see Sarah or Todd ?
The delivering doctor ?
Were they even in the maternity ward ?
How about on the same floor as the maternity ward ?
Where ’s the busy background ?
The nurses ?
The nice lady with the teacart ?
If Sarah was too tired to present her baby to the press , why did n’t they just take a statement from Todd and come back after she ’d had some sleep ?
The first - ever Alaska governor to give birth in office and she lets somebody else stand in for the photos ?
Could it be that none of the Palins were actually ‘ admitted as patients into maternity ’ that day ?
Could this have been just another Palin - staged photo - op ?
==================
To comment on this post , please scroll up to the title : Trig Palin :
For a little guy , you sure make a lot of big waves and click on the word comments just beneath .
Thanks ,
OzMud
Dag I 'd like to know how Pomplamoose came about - how the band formed and how you got started ?
Nataly
Well it was kind of an accidental beginning - Should we say - hmmm , what 's a better word than accidental - " serendipitous ? "
Jack Yeah .
Nataly
We were doing this song of mine " Pas Encore " .
It was our first song together - Jack was producing the song that I had written and it sounded a million times better than it originally sounded and so I just thought , - maybe we should try this again - and instead of producing a song I 've written , why do n't we write a song together .
So the song , which we wrote together , was " Hail Mary " and by then I had gone on to register the domain name " Pomplamoose " .
Jack
It was kind of just a way for us to spend time together .
We were both musicians and we were dating [ laughs ] and um - you know - it started as a collaboration where I was producing one of Nataly 's songs and then it was successful and we had a lot of fun with and we decided to do more .
We started writing together - and I guess now - I suppose we 're a band .
Nataly Yeah . [ laughs ]
Dag And " Pomplamoose " - I found out it was French for grapefruit , why did you pick that name ?
Nataly
It 's bastardized French for grapefruit .
So , funny story - a friend of mine was studying French in Paris , and I grew up in Europe - she came back and told me that she thought the funniest word that she heard there was " pomplamoose " - which means grapefruit - and her boyfriend had gone all around Paris taking 400 photos of grapefruit in different areas of Paris - and , they 're still together in Paris - but that 's not really important to the story .
The point is that we ended up using that name just because - it sounded funky .
Dag Yeah , it 's an amazing combination - in English , it does n't even sound like it should be a real word .
Nataly I know , right ?
[ laughs ]
But it is !
Dag
So do either one of you have a French connection other than that ?
Nataly I grew up in France and Belgium .
I spent 8 years , from age 10 to 18 there .
I went to a French school and I mastered in French Literature , so I definitely have a lot of French in me .
Dag Jack , I was reading on Wikipedia about the concept of " VideoSongs " and also downloaded the album off of iTunes - could you talk a little bit about the idea behind it ?
Jack I guess is started back when I was making my first EP , Nightmares and Daydreams - it was four songs .
It took me about 5 - 6 months to make .
And then I made something really quickly , and it was my favorite thing that I 'd ever made .
I was like " OK , something 's wrong here " - because I 'd just spent six months making an EP and in 2 days I 'd made something that I thought was better , that felt more organic , real and sincere .
So the Videosong was a way for me to come out with something quickly , to not worry about it being polished or a studio final product .
It was more like a glimpse of the process - and if you messed up a little guitar part here or something else there - that was fine , it was part of the organic fabric of the idea .
It was a process that allowed me to feel a little more free in the studio and a little more accepting of mistakes .
Since everything was videotaped it could be more raw .
I wanted a way to release content on YouTube regularly and the Videosong seemed to follow naturally from the " guy in front of the webcam " paradigm .
Dag
And you 're pretty strict about that are n't you - as far as the audio and video syncing up ?
Jack Yeah , I 'm a rule dogma kind of guy .
[ laughs ]
I like following the rules and I do my absolute best to make sure that it 's real .
Because that 's what 's interesting about it .
No fog , no mirrors and smoke machines - it 's all just straight - up bedroom home studio kind of deal .
I think actually seeing the instruments being played as opposed to lip - syncing is what makes it a different kind of medium .
Dag
It seems to be a shift to try and make a more organic kind of electronic product - if I can say something that silly - something that is homespun but still uses some of these commercial type electronic devices .
Is that right ?
Jack Yeah , definitely .
For a long time I was calling my music " electronic acoustica " because it 's kind of like electronic music made with all acoustic instruments .
Most of the stuff in this room is over 40 years old .
The piano is from the 1890s - I play out of a 60s Fender twin reverb , I 've got a Wurlitzer 200 which is a 1960s piano .
I 've got an organ from the early 80s , it 's a Hammond .
I 'm playing on all old stuff but making a more modern sound .
So I guess there is kind of a trend to use vintage gear to make modern sounding music .
Dag
You both play quite a few instruments - what 's your " go to " instrument ?
Nataly I would have to say the bass .
I started off with the piano , then I sort of self - taught guitar and then self - taught bass .
The Bass is what I 've really latched on to .
It 's how I write music .
The first things that I generally hear are melodies , so it 's easier to translate into a bass - line and then follow it with various different harmonies .
Yeah , Bass and voice .
The voice as an instrument is my # 1 instrument , but after that the bass definitely .
Jack
For me it 's gotta be piano , just because I feel more fluent on piano - I feel like I can more easily translate my ideas on to piano than on any other instrument - or anything keyboard based , the Wurlitzer , the organ piano .
Dag
One of our members Ornthoron wants to know if either of you play a wind instrument ?
Nataly I bought Jack this toy saxophone ... [ Jack laughs ]
Dag I think I saw that in a video .
Jack I took up trumpet and saxophone for a little while and I sucked at them both .
I can't say though , that I 'm not tempted to take up a wind instrument .
I love instruments and lots of instruments .
Nataly
Did you have to play the recorder when you were in school ?
Jack I did , I played recorder .
Nataly Did everyone have to ?
' Cause in France they did too .
Dag
It 's like that in Australia as well .
I grew up in the US and it was actually auto - harp at my school .
Jack Whoa , that 's awesome !
Those are cool .
I do n't have one of those , but I 've been wanting one for a while .
Dag
So what 's one of the weirdest instruments that you would use in one of your songs ?
Jack I can tell you the weirdest instrument that we have , that we have n't used yet - it 's a theremin , and you play it without touching .
I 'm not sure if you - are you familiar with a theremin ?
Dag
That 's the one from the old horror movies , right ?
Those are fantastic .
Jack Exactly .
That 's probably the strangest conventional instrument that we have .
And then we 're always making noise with random things in the room .
For Pas encore , which is the first song we did together there was a glass of water - and as we were about to record something I accidentally hit it , and it went " ding " and it was in perfect key with the song , so we ended up hitting it a bunch and recording it .
Nataly
But the cool thing that I think you do really well , Jack is that you can take the classical sounds or just noise in general and add effects to it and make it sound like something completely different and strange .
So it 's not even necessary to have that weird instrument because you can use your abilities to make something conventional sound strange .
Jack
One of the things that we do a lot is take conventional instruments and we freak 'em out a little bit .
On my piano , we put this piece of felt between the hammer and the strings .
When you hit the piano keys it sounds really dark and damp and dull .
It does n't sound like a typical bright piano - sometimes it does n't sound like a piano at all .
I do the same thing on guitar too .
I put a little bit of foam under the bridge - it makes it sound more like a banjo .
So yeah , we do a lot where we take traditional instruments and we mess 'em up a little bit .
Dag
So can we look forward to hearing some music with theremin in it , coming down the pipe ?
Jack
Oh yeah !
It 's gotta come out at some point .
Nataly Was n't it a Christmas present ?
Jack
It was a Christmas present .
It 's going to be one year that I have n't used the thing .
Nataly
It 's been just sitting here ...
Jack Well , it 's harder to play than a violin .
It 's so hard !
Nataly Yeah ... well ...
Jack
It 's a very hard instrument ...
Nataly Fortunately , it does n't take up any room , so it just sits back in the corner there , looking strange .
Dag
What are you guys working on now ?
Jack Actually , just earlier we were finishing up some bass tracks .
We have a new original coming out soon ...
Nataly
It 's been a while .
[ laughs ]
Jack Yeah , it 's been a while since we 've done an original
Dag
Are you planning on releasing another EP or album anytime soon ?
Jack
The way that we work is we release singles , and when we have 10 of them - we put them on an album , and call it a CD .
[ laughs ]
So yeah , I 'm sure the next time we have 10 songs - we 'll call it an album again .
Nataly
That said , as soon as the singles are out , they 're available to be purchased and downloaded on our Myspace page .
The album is for everyone who likes going through iTunes .
Dag
How does the economics of it work ?
Are you your own record label , do you do everything yourself ?
Jack Yeah , we do everything ourselves .
Basically our income comes from MP3 sales .
So we put them up on our Myspace page and our website , and they can be downloaded directly from us or through iTunes and yeah , we 're making a living selling MP3s now which is great - it's a new thing for us - and really exciting for us as a band to be able to subsist off our music sales .
Dag
Which works best for you , Myspace or iTunes ?
Jack
We get 90 cents on the dollar if you buy them directly from us - off of Myspace .
It 's not actually from Myspace - that 's just the page where you download from - and then we get 64 cents on the dollar if you buy from iTunes , so directly from us is a better deal for us as artists .
Nataly
But , most people feel more comfortable with iTunes because they 've set up this really safe system of buying - not that Myspace is unsafe it 's just that people feel like ...
Jack People trust iTunes with their account details - it 's easy to buy - credit card info is already in , it 's a one - click kind of thing .
Nataly
But we make more through iTunes than we do through Myspace .
Dag Even though the percentage is lower ?
Jack Exactly , it 's just a wider audience .
Dag A couple of our members , dystopianfuturetoday and Throbbin wanted to ask about file sharing .
What are your views on that - with regard to your music especially ?
Jack Umm. So ...
Nataly So , we ... it 's a weird question to answer , but a good one .
We recently got asked by a file sharing website if they could feature us on the front page - and it was like - let 's see , if we say no- people are still going to download through your page .
I guess in terms of people finding out about us , it does n't really matter - people can do whatever they want to share music .
Jack
My feeling are , there 's a contingent online that wo n't pay for music and they want to download and they will download our stuff no matter what , and that 's fine because there 's nothing we can do to stop it .
I 'm totally anti-DRM I do n't want to put anything on our MP3s that makes it difficult to deal with .
There 's also a contingent who wo n't download songs from artists who are signed , as they know that 99 % of the money is going to the record label .
But when it comes to an independent act like Pomplamoose , they want to support us - and there 's a lot of people like that .
That 's one thing I 've seen over the last few years being in this new kind of music business .
People like supporting independent artists - and they like knowing that when they buy a song , we get all the profits from that and it goes to helping us come out with new music .
There was an interesting study done a little while ago based on this independent artist named Joe Purdy .
They sent out a little bot that tracked where people got his music and .1 % of people had downloaded his music illegally , everybody else had gotten it from iTunes .
And that 's so different from some major act that 's being fronted by ... you know ... well , I do n't want to be derogatory or anything , but you know , some of these acts , like - come on , you 're a puppet .
Dag
So do you think that 's where music is heading in general , that it 's going to a homespun affair ?
Is there a place for the labels ?
Jack I think there 's always going to be a place for labels because there 's always going to be some artists who are really great at making music but are n't very good at making a business .
And as long as there are these people , there will be labels to help them .
Nataly
And as long as there are teeny - boppers who need a puppet or something like that ... they 're going to need labels .
Jack Labels are great for creating pop sensations .
And I think there will always be a place for that .
Sometimes pop sensations are a very positive thing - and sometimes not so much .
I think what we are going to see is a new generation of successful bedroom musicians .
Instead of the power being in the hands of the U2s or the Coldplays it 's going to be spread out over 10,000 really successful smaller bands , who are well known and well - respected in their respective niche communities .
Maybe they do n't have worldwide fame like U2 , but they 're making more than a living and they 're happy doing what they love .
I think we 're already seeing that spread and it's only going to get wider which I 'm really excited about .
Dag How much of the success of Pomplamoose do you attribute to Youtube ?
Nataly 100 % .
Yeah .
Jack Yeah .
Nataly
It 's an incredible medium .
I do n't want to say it this way , but it 's a free advertisement for our music in a way .
Because we make a song , and we put it up on Youtube - people see us and then they go buy our song and that 's how we make a living .
If there was n't the initial way to view our music , we would n't be making it - we'd have to be a touring band , and I do n't even know how we'd get to be in a touring band ...
Jack I do n't think it would work .
The incredible and valuable thing about Youtube is that there are millions and millions of people who want weekly content or daily content .
People who want to see or hear new things .
The song happens to be a perfect satisfaction of that hunger .
Nowhere else on the internet is there such a large community that is so interested in finding consistently new content .
Nowhere else .
It 's the first time there 's been such a concentrated chunk of people who want to see new things .
Usually people want to stick with what they know .
On YouTube it 's just the opposite , people are looking for new cool things that they can subscribe to and listen to and watch .
Dag Video seems to be such an integral part of your music - do you think the experience is really different without the video ?
I really enjoy the album , but I think I enjoy it a few percent more when I can watch you perform .
Nataly
There have been some people who have said - it's a good thing you have the video , because the songs are n't that good without the video .
I think though that because our music is selling , it 's showing that it can hold its own and we are a beginning band .
The 10 songs on that album are the first songs that we 've done together .
I think that the video is just a really interesting way of exploring the creative process , because it 's not just enjoyable to watch the music , it 's helpful for us when we 're making the music , to imagine what the video is going to look like .
If it needs another layer , if it 's going to get boring at a certain point , if another instrument needs to come in .
I hope when people listen to our albums they can still visualize it as it was when we put it together .
Jack
On a theoretical note , the Videosong medium was intended to be a complete union between video and audio .
It was intended as a final product to put on Youtube , and not an advertisement for the Mp3 files .
And what happened was , we put the songs up and people would say " Hey , we love the video - where can we get an MP3 ? "
And we'd rip an MP3 and send it over email or whatever - and this started to happen more and more - and we were like " Jeez , we should just put the Mp3s up for sale " and that led to our entire business model .
But the funny thing is that it was never intended to be that .
The video and audio were intended to be together always and never one without the other .
So the fact that there are these songs as Mp3s that stand without the video - I was interested that they worked without the video .
Dag
Are you touring , doing live performances ?
Nataly Right now we 're in the studio- [ laughs ]
Jack Always .
Nataly
We 've gotten offers to move around some - do more shows , but um - we really like writing music .
That 's where we want to be right now .
We also have families that we 're interested in staying close to - so a big tour at this point does not seem to be in the cards .
More shows however , we definitely want to do ... because they 're fun .
We like staying in touch with our fans and we like meeting them in person and I think they like meeting us .
So we 're going to do more shows , but I do n't see any tours coming up .
Jack Maybe small ones .
We 're not going to be one of those 200 days on the road kind of bands .
We just have no desire to do that .
Dag
There 's a picture that we grabbed of you guys from somewhere where you 're eating some kind of breakfast food .
Is that muesli or cereal ?
There 's a big debate going on about that .
Nataly [ laughs ]
Is that the one with the raspberry ?
Jack Yeah , that 's cereal .
Nataly
It 's cereal .
Is it Kashi Crunch ?
Jack
It 's Kashi Crunch , which is a great cereal .
Dag Thank you Nataly Dawn and Jack Conte .
Jack Thanks Brian
The first opponent I heard was a woman from Delaware who said both she and her husband were disabled and on fucking Medicare yet were absolutely opposed .
The neutral guy with the host kept saying he could n't understand how this would affect her and the host was saying " but you 're already on a govt .
healthcare plan . "
The lady was muttering something about a $ 1000 deductible , um WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK WOULD HAPPEN IF YOU HAD PRIVATE INSURANCE ?
The next lady was undecided , said her premiums were as much as her rent , yet she was n't sure how much this bill would help .
Here 's my question to her : HOW COULD IT GET ANY FUCKING WORSE FOR YOU ?
The last guy was the best .
The fucking apex of wingnut .
Said he was opposed to the bill and govt .
involvement in healthcare .
That , unfortunately , healthcare was a privilege , not a right .
And most gloriously , that neither he nor his wife had health insurance because they could n't afford it .
They hoped to have it one day , but not from the government .
JESUS .
FUCKING .
CHRIST .
Jesus .
Jesus .
Ladies and gentlemen of the Democratic leadership , that is the base of the opposition party .
There is no reasoning with a person that far gone from reality .
A person who 'd literally rather die than possibly step on the toes of the wealthy he worships .
I 'm sorry , but this has to be said : the right - wing is a cancer on our nation .
The people that comprise their base are the most irrational , unreasonable , and dangerous bloc of citizens in our nation .
They are insane .
I truly believe that .
They must be marginalized and beaten to a pulp at every turn .
To me the best ( or worst ) part about this bill is that that piece of shit that was n't " privileged " enough to have healthcare is going to get healthcare , is going to use it thanks to the Democratic Party , and is going to bitch about it , just like the giant waste of space from Delaware .
They are truly the lowest form of human life , and are beneath contempt .
Update : Just got home from a fine day out , and noticed that I was on the Rec List and there was a diary that , in my opinion , grossly mischaracterizes what I said here .
For God 's sake , I 'm advocating violence ?
I would 've thought it went without saying that the term " beaten to a pulp " means ELECTORALLY AND RHETORICALLY .
I 'm sorry , that 's what politics is at this point in time .
We have right - wingers screaming racial epithets and SPITTING on members of Congress .
And I 'm supposed to sit here and retract what I wrote and say that the right is not a cancer on our society ?
That 's not gonna happen .
I 've thought that well before today , and I 'll think that long after today .
And " calling people out almost by name ? "
Huh ?
They called into C - SPAN and let their warped views be known .
I would n't know these people from Adam .
And neither does anyone else here .
And not sure if you noticed my handle here , but it 's Jhawklefty , as in I live in Kansas , as in one of the most Republican states in our nation , as in I also have many relatives and friends that are Republicans .
They are friends and family however I will never waver in thinking their political views are cancerous on our nation , and if they ever asked me I would n't hesitate to tell them as much .
But apparently I 'm an " eliminationist " and this diary will be picked up by the media as proof our side is just as crazy as the right .
On the day after one of the most momentous votes in American history .
Yeah .
Sometimes this place really is just too much .
Hope you all enjoy the rest of this great day .
Recommended payment method
Easy , big amount , low fees !
My Bank Information Intermediary Bank : China Merchants Bank Co. Ltd. , New York .
Bank SWIFT Code：CMBCUS33
Beneficiary ’s Bank : China Merchants Bank , H.O .
Bank Address ：CMB
TOWER,7088 SHENNAN BOULEVARD , Shenzhen , China .
Bank SWIFT Code：CMBCCNBS
My Bank Account Name：
My Bank Account Number：
My Phone Number : ( +86)400-601-5335
Get more information
Remember a few months back when I made a joke about how dangerous a flying Ford Pinto would be ?
Well , in 1973 two inventors actually tried to create such a flying vehicle , and died while testing it .
The article from the September 12 , 1973 Press - Telegram ( Long Beach , CA ) is below .
Known as " the flying Pinto , " a combination of a Ford Pinto auto and Cessna airplane , the prototype plunged to earth about a mile from Ventura County Airport late Tuesday afternoon .
Killed were Henry A. Smolinski , 40 , Santa Susana , and Harold Blake , 40 , Los Angeles .
They were the founders and top two officers of Advanced Vehicle Engineers , launched at Van Nuys in 1968 .
Anti-aging mania and marketing :
Not just for your face anymore !
Now there 's My New Pink Button , genital cosmetic colorant .
Or , as our tipster calls it : Pussy dye .
So , are you a Marilyn , a Bettie , a Ginger or an Audry ?
Advertisement
See , My New Pink Button comes ( HEH ) in four shades : Marilyn is the lightest and " good for beginners . "
What 's Bettie like ?
" Think of that favorite lipstick you wear for those dressy black tie affairs . "
Audry is a " bold burgundy pink color " for " the woman that loves to be daring . "
Ginger was " developed for ' Women of Color . ' "
Advertisement
According to our tipster , the product was invented by a woman " of a certain age " who discovered that she had " lost her luster " down there .
You probably know what I 'm going to say next , but here goes , anyway :
WHAT THE FUCK .
Women make about 75 ¢ for every dollar that men earn .
Shoes , handbags and fashion " must - haves " are aggressively marketed to us .
We 're expected to be thin , wrinkle - free and not have any gray hair ( which , of course , is " distinguished " on a man ) .
Vogue declared armpits are " nasty . "
Anal bleach exists .
And now we need to shell out cash so that our labia can to be the " right " color ?
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
No .
So sometimes your ladybits change color when you age or after you have children .
Who cares ?
Why be embarrassed ?
If your parts work , and there 's someone in your life who wants to get up close and personal and explore your secret garden , you should have no complaints .
My New Pink Button is pitched as a product which " restores sexual confidence to Women everywhere ! "
But it seems like it could actually instill anxiety — if you did n't know you were supposed to have a " youthful " look between your legs , does n't the discovery of this stuff foster insecurity ?
Advertisement
Apparently the ingredients are FDA approved , although the website 's FAQ states , " Like any other cosmetic product , if you experience discomfort , discontinue use . "
Guess what ?
I 'm already experiencing discomfort , and I have n't even touched the stuff .
My New Pink Button [ Official Site ]
Guile now does delimited continuations .
Ahem !
I say : Guile now does delimited continuations !
Whoop whoop !
Practically speaking , this means that Guile implements prompt and abort , as described in Dorai Sitaram 's 1993 paper , Handling Control .
( Guile 's abort is the operator that Sitaram calls control . )
I used to joke that all of this Guile compilation work was to bring Guile back into the 2000s , from being stuck in the 1990s .
But delimited continuations are definitely a twenty - teens topic : besides PLT Scheme , I do n't know of any other production language implementation that has delimited continuations as part of its core language .
( Please correct my ignorance . )
If this works out , and the implementation proves to be sufficiently bug - free , this is a great step forward not only for Guile but for the concept itself of delimited continuations .
Edit : Readers suggest that I add Scheme48 , OCaml , and Scala to the list .
Still , too few implementations for such a lovely construct .
Furthermore , I retrofitted Guile 's existing catch and throw APIs , implementing them in terms of prompt and control , and providing compatible shims for Guile 's C API .
Thanks again to Matthew Flatt for blazing the trail here .
rambling
So , for the benefit of those dozen or so people that will probably implement delimited continuations after me , here 's a few strategies and pitfalls .
For the rest of you , I recommend rancid wine .
First , I should make a disclaimer .
Here , my focus is on a so - called " direct " implementation of delimited continuations ; that is to say , I do n't rely on a global continuation - passing style ( CPS ) transform of the source code .
There was recently an article posted to the Scheme reddit about Femtolisp , a Lisp implementation by Jeff Benzason .
I thought it was pretty neat .
I was especially pleased that he decided to support shift and reset ; but bummed when I found out that he did so by local CPS - transformation .
So you could n't reset from arbitrary functions .
A local CPS - rewrite strategy does n't work very well , because prompts are fundamentally dynamic .
There is something fundamentally dynamic about them , that they are part of the dynamic environment ( like dynamic - wind ) .
So to support that via CPS , you end up needing some kind of double - or triple - barrelled CPS , with abort continuations as well .
I think ?
I think .
So for me , direct implementation means that you use the language 's native stack representation , not requiring global or local transformations .
Also I should confess that I did n't glean anything from Gasbichler and Sperber 's Final Shift paper ; in all likelihood , again due to my ignorance .
So if I say things that they 've said better , well , stories have to be retold to live , and it wo n't hurt if I add my interpretation .
the seitan of the matter
So , Digresso Riddikulus : poof !
Where were we ?
And what 's up with this jack - in - the - box ?
Yes , direct implementations of delimited continuations .
Here 's a C program :
int baz ( ) ; int bar ( ) { return baz ( ) ; } int foo ( ) { return bar ( ) ; } int main ( ) { return foo ( ) ; }
And here 's a C stack :
Right !
So you see that function calls are pushing frames on the stack .
When you 're programming normally , you have a top - down view of the stack .
It 's like standing on a ladder and looking down -- you see the top rung clearly , but the rest is obscured by your toolbelt .
Laying out the frames flat like this allows us to talk instead about the whole future of this program -- what it 's doing , and what it 's going to do .
The future of the program is known as its continuation -- a funny word , but I hope the meaning is clear in this context .
Now , consider a C program that calls into some hypothetical Scheme , assuming appropriate Scheme definitions of foo , bar , and baz :
int main ( ) { return eval ( " ( foo ) " ) ; }
And the corresponding pixels :
It should be clear that there are logically two stacks at work here .
However they both correspond , in this case , to the same logical control - flow stack -- eval does n't return until foo , bar , and baz have returned .
Also note that the " C " stack has been renamed the " foreign " stack , indicating that Scheme is actually where you want to be , and whatever is not in the Scheme world is heathen .
This model maintains its truthiness regardless of the implementation strategy of the Scheme -- whether it reuses the C stack , or evaluates Scheme expressions on their own stack .
So !
Delimited continuations , right ?
Let 's try one .
Here 's some Scheme code that begins a prompt , and calls baz .
( % ( baz ) ( lambda ( k ) k ) )
If baz returns normally , well that 's the value ; but if it aborts , the partial continuation will be saved , and returned .
Verily , pixels :
The red dot and line indicates that that position in the continuation has been saved , and if we abort , we 'll abort back to that line .
It 's like grabbing a cherry from the tree , and then falling down a couple of rungs on the ladder .
Yes ?
Yes .
Expanding the example with an implementation of baz , we have :
( define ( baz ) ( abort ) 3 )
So , baz will abort to the nearest prompt , and if the abort comes back , it will return 3 .
Like this :
Abort itself needs to capture a partial continuation -- that part of the continuation that is delimited by prompt and abort .
( That 's why they 're called delimited continuations . )
In practice , for the implementor , this has a number of fine points .
The one I 'll mention here is that you do n't actually capture the prompt frame itself , or the presence of the prompt on the dynamic stack .
I tried to indicate that in my drawings by making the red line disjoint from the red box .
The red box is what 's captured by the continuation .
See Dybvig 's " A monadic framework for delimited continuations " for a more complete discussion of what to capture .
( define ( qux ) (+ ( k ) 38 ) )
OK !
Assume that we save away that partial continuation somewhere , let 's say , in k .
Now the evaluator ends up calling qux , which calls the partial continuation .
Calling the partial continuation in this context means splatting it on the stack , and then fixing things up so that it looks like we actually called baz from qux .
I 'll get to the precise set of things you have to fix up , but let 's pause a moment with these pixels , and make one thing clear : you can't splat foreign frames back on the stack .
Maybe you can in some circumstances , but not in the general case .
The practical implication of this is twofold : one , delimited continuation support needs to be a core part of your language .
You can't evaluate the " body " part of the prompt by recursing through a foreign function , for example .
The second ( and deeper ) implication is that if any intervening code does recurse through a foreign function , the resulting partial continuation cannot be reinstated .
One could simply error in this case , but it 's more useful to allow nonlocal exits , and then error on an attempted re-entry .
So yes , things you need to fix up : obviously the frame pointer stack .
The dynamic winds ( and more generally , the dynamic environment ) .
And , any captured prompts themselves .
Consider :
Here we see a prompt , which has a prompt inside it , which calls baz , which then aborts back to the first prompt .
( You will need prompt tags for this . )
Now , note : there are two horizontal lines here : two prompts active in the dynamic environment .
Let 's see what happens when we reinstate the continuation , represented by the red dotted box :
Here we see that the blue line corresponding to the captured prompt is in a different place ( relative to the base of the stack ) .
That 's because when you reinstate a prompt , any captured prompts are logically made new : one must recapture their registers , both real ( via setjmp ) and virtual ( in the case of a virtual machine ) when rewinding the stack .
And that 's all !
postre
Meanwhile , back at the ranch : while searching for the correct spelling of riddikulus , I stumbled upon a delightful interview with JK Rowling , in three parts .
Enjoy !
Kurt Snibbe/ ESPN.com
There was a time when people complained that Super Bowls were dull or anticlimactic .
Not recently , though :
The past two years , the Super Bowl has been the best game of the NFL season .
Giants over Patriots , then Steelers over Cardinals -- both were fantastic contests , both were decided by touchdowns in the closing seconds .
Both offered the signature plays of their seasons -- the David Tyree helmet catch was the signature play of that season , James Harrison going the length of the field for a touchdown as time expired in the first half was the signature play of last year 's campaign .
Will the Saints and Colts give the international audience a third consecutive fantastic Super Bowl ?
A signature play that purists will reminisce about decades from now ?
The chances are good .
Back in September , yours truly forecast an Indianapolis - New Orleans Super Bowl -- both because I thought they'd be the league 's best teams , and because I thought that if they did reach the Super Bowl , they 'd play a memorable game .
Why ?
In addition to having good players and smart coaches , the Colts and Saints have contrasting styles .
Watching Indianapolis is like watching a factory play football .
The Colts are methodical , predictable , disciplined , mechanical .
They do n't run trick plays .
Their offense has n't shown a new formation , or even a new play , in months .
Their defense rarely varies its fronts .
The Colts win because no NFL team has better offensive timing , defensive discipline and overall precision .
Review film of the Colts and you know exactly what they are going to do -- the question is , can you stop them ?
Watching New Orleans is like watching an outdoor cocktail party play football .
The Saints are spontaneous , unpredictable , boisterous .
They love trick plays .
Every week the offense shows new formations and actions .
The defense uses a zany style -- blitzing way too much , gambling for interceptions way too often .
No NFL team plays a more relaxed style or seems to be having so much fun .
Review film of the Saints and you have no idea what they are going to do -- they probably do n't , either .
When the mechanized , cybernetic Colts meet the wacky , laissez - faire Saints , I for one am expecting a fantastic game .
See my scouting notes below .
And do n't go anywhere during the fourth quarter !
In the past two Super Bowls , a total of 37 points were scored in the first three quarters , then 44 points in the fourth quarter .
In the Jersey / A - New England Super Bowl , the Pats bottled up Eli Manning until the fourth quarter , when he threw for 152 yards -- the rate of a 600 - yard passing game .
In the Pittsburgh - Arizona Super Bowl , the Steelers bottled up Kurt Warner until the fourth quarter , when he threw for 247 yards -- the rate of a 1,000 - yard passing game .
Do n't go anywhere in the fourth quarter !
Lately , at least , that 's when the fun begins .
Next week , as part of a lavish Super Bowl column , I will bestow the coveted " longest award in sports " -- the Tuesday Morning Quarterback Non-Quarterback Non-Running Back NFL MVP .
The finalists are Gary Brackett , Dallas Clark , Jahri Evans , Nick Mangold , Darrelle Revis , Sidney Rice , Darren Sharper and Kevin Williams .
( Only players from the championship round are eligible -- if you 're going to wear the mantle of Most Valuable , you better have created some value . )
Place your bets with your local bookie now .
In other lavish Super Bowl column news : Arugula , arugula !
Clear the decks , prepare to dive !
The TMQ Challenge makes its annual Super Bowl return ( limited engagement ) .
See details below .
Stats of the Super Bowl Run-Up No. 1 : With New Orleans in this year 's Super Bowl , only the Houston Texans ( in existence eight seasons ) , the Cleveland Browns 2.0 ( in existence 11 seasons ) , the Jacksonville Jaguars ( in existence 15 seasons ) and the Detroit Lions ( in existence 80 seasons ) have not reached the ultimate game .
Stats of the Super Bowl Run-Up No. 2 : For the second consecutive season , the team ranked last in rushing made the Super Bowl -- Arizona last year , Indianapolis this year .
Stats of the Super Bowl Run-Up No. 3 : In the fourth quarter and overtime , New Orleans has outscored its opponents 149 - 55 this season .
Stats of the Super Bowl Run-Up No. 4 : Indianapolis allowed the fewest sacks ( 13 ) in the league this season ; New Orleans allowed the fourth fewest ( 20 ) .
Stats of the Super Bowl Run-Up No. 5 : At age 42 , Indianapolis kicker Matt Stover will be the oldest player to appear in a Super Bowl .
Stats of the Super Bowl Run-Up No. 6 : The Colts and Saints were tied ( with the Vikings ) for the most touchdown passes this season ( 34 ) .
Stats of the Super Bowl Run-Up No. 7 : Indianapolis versus New Orleans marks the first time the two top seeds have reached the Super Bowl since Buffalo - Dallas in 1994 .
Stats of the Super Bowl Run-Up No. 8 : In the AFC Championship Game , the Colts passed for 360 yards against the Jets , who had the league 's No. 1 - ranked pass defense .
The Saints ' pass defense is ranked 26th .
Stats of the Super Bowl Run-Up No. 9 : The Colts have scored three touchdowns this season on turnovers and kick returns ; the Saints have scored 10 .
Stats of the Super Bowl Run-Up No. 10 : The Colts start eight undrafted players .
Courtesy of Minnesota Vikings Ashley of the Vikings -- snowed in is not her ideal weekend .
Cheerleader of the Super - Bowl Run - Up : Ashley of the Minnesota Vikings , who according to her team bio was an All - American gymnast in high school .
According to her audio bio , she hates snow and cold weather -- which seems like someone from Miami saying she hates the beach .
You Have Seen Something Like Them / In Many Amusement Halls :
This year 's Super Bowl halftime act is The Who , a band that would be eligible for Medicare if its members were American -- Roger Daltrey is 65 , Pete Townshend is about to turn 65 .
Now , I like senior citizens who scream into microphones as much as the next guy , but is n't the Super Bowl halftime format getting a bit geriatric ?
Last year we got Bruce Springsteen , age 60 .
The year before -- Tom Petty , age 59 .
Yes , recent halftime shows have been more up - tempo than the 1970 Super Bowl halftime act : Carol Channing .
But there have got to be some younger groups out there that merit the Super Bowl stage , and could broaden the appeal to those younger than the Baby Boomer demographic .
Surely The Who will sing " Wo n't Get Fooled Again . "
When rock anthems are heard on television or in advertising , often they are electronically edited to emphasize well - known lines and downplay or delete anything that might make audiences uncomfortable .
When this song is heard , the refrain " We wo n't get fooled again ! " is amped up -- it sounds bold and defiant .
Done away with are other lines such as " Meet the new boss , same as the old boss " or " We 'll be fighting in the streets / with our children at our feet / and the morals that they worship will be gone . "
And the following lyrics -- what , exactly , do they mean ?
" I 'll move myself and my family aside / if we happen to be left half alive / I 'll get all my papers and smile at the sky / for I know that the hypnotized never lie . "
What does any of the song mean ?
[+]
Enlarge Mark Davis / AP
Images for VH1 " Let 's get together / Before we get much older . "
Originally , the song was received as anti-war or an extremely vague call to revolution .
Some thinkers maintain the song is conservative -- a disillusioned revolutionary declaring that street - protest tactics are useless .
Townshend , who wrote the song , maintains the lyrics are apolitical , and mean , " Do n't expect to see what you expect to see .
Expect nothing and you might gain everything . "
Huh ?
My guess is that , like a lot of what was received as " deep " in this field -- Bob Dylan 's music , some of Springsteen 's -- the lyrics do n't have any coherent meaning , they 're just a bunch of interesting individual lines cobbled together .
I wince to think that a billion people watching the halftime show will nod happily as the line " We wo n't get fooled again ! " echoes around the world , when the majority of those watching will , most assuredly , get fooled again .
Queen Latifah will perform the pregame rendition of " America the Beautiful , " a Super Bowl custom .
Please sing the whole song , not just the familiar initial verse .
The later , rarely sung verses have strong political significance : " America ! America !
God mend thine every flaw / confirm thy soul in self - control / thy liberty in law . "
In 1781 , George Washington Said Federal Borrowing Was Wrong -- It " Ungenerously Throw [s ] Upon Posterity the Burden Which We Ourselves Ought to Bear " Last week , in his State of the Union address , President Barack Obama spoke of the need to restore fiscal discipline and end runaway borrowing .
Members of Congress clapped and nodded approval .
The following day -- the following day ! -- the Senate voted to raise the national debt ceiling by $ 2 trillion , to $ 14.3 trillion .
Resolve about reducing debt did n't even last 24 hours in the Senate .
Then on Monday , President Obama released his next federal budget proposal , complete with a projected fiscal 2010 deficit of $ 1.6 trillion -- the worst - ever peacetime deficit -- and $ 100 billion in new deficit - based spending that Obama neglected to mention when speaking to Congress .
The president 's resolve about reducing the debt did n't even last a week .
Just five years ago , it was considered shocking when George W. Bush submitted a federal budget containing what was then the worst - ever peacetime deficit of $ 271 billion , stated in today 's dollars .
Now no one seems to shrug when the Congressional Budget Office projects mega - deficits for at least a decade to come .
America has many problems , but no national emergency .
If we are already borrowing to the hilt to subsidize today 's interest groups at the expense of the young , what will we do if there is an emergency ?
[+]
Enlarge Saul Loeb / Getty Images
" My fellow Americans , the days of tax and spend are over .
Now it 's borrow and spend . "
A decade ago , the total U.S. national debt , converted to today 's dollars , was $ 7 trillion .
This year the total debt will hit $ 14 trillion .
That means that in the past 10 years alone , the United States has incurred as much debt as was accumulated by our republic in its entire previous 211 years of existence .
And the plan is to borrow , borrow , borrow more without accountability or the slightest restraint .
In his address , Obama called for a " spending freeze " not now , but next year .
I 'll quit smoking next year !
The freeze would apply only to the roughly 15 percent of the federal budget that is not Social Security ( the largest federal spending item ) , Medicare and Medicaid ( No. 2 ) , defense , interest on the debt -- or anything Congress stamps the word " emergency " on , such as the " second stimulus " handout many interest groups are demanding .
Actually , such legislation would be a third stimulus -- Congress enacted a $ 152 billion debt - based stimulus bill in 2008 , and a $ 787 billion debt - based stimulus bill in 2009 .
Calling the new bag of candy being demanded the " second " stimulus makes the idea sound less reckless and less like the institution of an annual giveaway to whatever special - interest groups have bought the most access that year .
In the course of conceding that no spending discipline would even be attempted until 2011 -- I 'll lose weight in 2011 for sure -- the president declared , " We 've already identified $ 20 billion in savings for next year . "
That amount would represent barely more than 1 percent of the projected 2011 deficit .
But if the White House has " already identified " $ 20 billion that can be cut from the federal budget , why does n't the cut take effect immediately ?
Because we 'll quit smoking next year !
When interest groups wanted handouts in the form of the 2008 and 2009 stimulus bills , and banks and Wall Street wanted handouts , the money began flowing right away , no waiting .
When the president proposes an extremely modest spending restriction , it 's delayed until the following year -- in order to give interest groups time to demand that the money be restored .
Wo n't we be saved by Paygo ?
After listening to the presidential address , the Senate voted to impose the Paygo rule on itself -- that any new appropriations must be offset by equivalent spending cuts or tax increases .
The House of Representatives imposed the Paygo rule on itself in January 2007 , and the U.S. national debt has risen by $ 5.4 trillion since .
How can debt skyrocket under a pay - as - you - go system ?
Paygo applies to all spending bills -- unless they are security , defense , entitlements or interest on the national debt ( those categories are the lion 's share of federal spending ) or unless they are " emergency " legislation .
Essentially , every spending bill that has passed through the House in the past three years has had the word " emergency " in it somewhere , generating a waiver from Paygo .
The Paygo concept is a complete fraud -- it almost seems designed for the purpose of insulting the intelligence of voters .
And now the Senate has joined the fraud .
During the run-up to the 2008 mortgage - market implosion , many individual Americans and many investment firms borrowed in an outlandish manner , living high briefly while acting as if tomorrow would never come .
It came .
For the past five years , the U.S. government , under Republican and Democratic control alike , has been borrowing in an outlandish manner as if tomorrow will never come .
It will come .
Unified Field Theory of Creep : Brian Smith of Vancouver , British Columbia , writes , " Last week I wandered into a souvenir shop in the tourist district here , and saw Vancouver 2010 Olympic merchandise -- on close - out clearance .
Opening ceremonies were two weeks away . "
[+]
Enlarge Scott Boehm / Getty Images
In his Sprint commercial , he lines up on the right .
Do n't expect that on Sunday .
Super Bowl Scouts ' Notes :
Where will Reggie Wayne line up ?
On the left .
When Wayne arrived at Indianapolis , Marvin Harrison was the Colts ' receiving star , and his personal quirk was insisting on always being to the right of Peyton Manning .
So Wayne learned the left , and now being there is his personal quirk .
On most NFL teams , the star receiver moves around to confound coverages -- sometimes right , sometimes left , sometimes in motion , sometimes in the slot .
For the Colts , Wayne is always on the left , usually by himself , rarely in motion .
He 's like the gunfighter in a Western who always drinks in the same saloon at the same time of day -- you know where to find him .
But can you cover him ?
He 's pretty quick on the draw .
Usually , predictability is belladonna to a football team .
For Indianapolis -- always the same plays from the same sets -- it is proof of offensive precision .
The Colts block better than other teams .
They throw better .
They catch better .
They do n't care if you know what they are going to do .
In most recent years , Indianapolis has played no - blitz , conservative defense .
According to FootballOutsiders , in 2008 , the Colts blitzed on just 10 percent of opponents ' snaps , well below the league average of 20 percent .
This year , under defensive coordinator Larry Coyer -- one of the countless defensive coordinators fired in the past decade by Denver , and doing just fine elsewhere -- the Colts are up to 24 percent blitzing .
They 're also showing press coverages , not just a Tampa 2 look .
Like all skilled quarterbacks , Drew Brees wants to be blitzed : A blocked blitz is a great opportunity for the offense , because the outside receivers are in man coverage , what a skilled quarterback always wants to see .
In the postseason so far , the Colts have blitzed novice quarterbacks Joe Flacco and Mark Sanchez , to good effect .
Brees is another matter -- my guess is Indianapolis will play a lot of four - man rush , Cover 2 against Brees and hold off on blitzing .
But if whatever Indianapolis tries does n't work , the Colts will adapt as quickly as a Borg warrior .
When the Colts ' offense or defense is doing something that does n't work , the team adjusts tactics immediately .
There are NFL clubs that have gone through entire seasons without adjusting tactics that were n't working ; nobody adjusts in - game better than Indianapolis .
In a league that 's gaga for the shotgun spread -- the Colts went shotgun spread in 2005 and have n't changed a thing since -- New Orleans remains impulsive .
Sometimes Brees is under center .
Sometimes he's in the shotgun .
Sometimes the Saints have multiple wideouts .
Sometimes they have two tight ends and a sixth offensive lineman .
When the Patriots set the scoring record in 2007 , they constantly changed formations and personnel groups .
Sean Payton has taken that lesson to heart , and the result is the highest - scoring team of this season .
New Orleans loves to bootleg , and the bootleg never worked against Minnesota in the NFC title game .
Whether it will work in the Super Bowl is an important barometer .
While New Orleans ' passing gets the attention , the run is integral to the Saints ' scoring .
New Orleans is not always pass wacky -- the Boy Scouts were sixth in the league in rushing .
Sometimes , the Saints will shift to a power formation and simply run three or four times in a row , a variation the Colts never use .
In the NFC championship , the Vikings got the New Orleans offense off - kilter by holding the Saints to 68 yards rushing .
Do n't be surprised if Indianapolis tries to take away the New Orleans rushing attack , frustrating the Saints in the same way Minnesota did .
Three years ago , when the Colts won the Super Bowl , their defense , porous against the run in the regular season , played very well against the run in the postseason .
This year ?
During the regular season , the Colts ' defense was 24th against the run -- then in the postseason has held the run-oriented Ravens to 87 yards rushing and the run-oriented Jets to 86 yards rushing .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Lynne Sladky Cheer - babes urge the South Florida Dolphins on .
Not only does New Orleans blitz way too much , the Saints play eight - or even nine - man fronts when blitzing .
My guess is Manning can't wait to see that look .
In the postseason , the Saints ' offense has done well on long - yardage downs , then sputtered on third - and - short ; the Saints ' defense has done well on first and second downs , then surrendered big plays on third - and - long .
As long as New Orleans is still in the Super Bowl when the fourth quarter begins , the Saints have a chance , as this spontaneous , emotional squad comes alive in the fourth quarter .
And Manning is only 9 - 8 in the postseason .
It 's not as if he can not be beaten .
Officials are likely to call the game strictly .
The Saints hammered Kurt Warner and Brett Favre , two graying guys , very hard , and it seems as if their defensive coordinator , the tastefully named Gregg Williams , told his players to hit late if they got the chance -- the Saints would accept a roughing flag or two in exchange for getting Warner and Favre to hear footsteps .
The league 's top official , Mike Pereira , has acknowledged the zebras missed two roughing calls by the Saints against Favre , one of which would have negated an interception , and also should have called roughing the passer against Indianapolis in the Colts - Jets divisional game .
( The NFL has a lot to learn about openness , but it 's a positive sign that once a week , Pereira appears on NFL Network and is honest about officiating mistakes ; here is his segment explaining why the referee was looking the wrong way on the two Saints - Vikings non-calls . )
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / AJ Mast Gary Brackett was n't recruited out of high school , he was n't drafted out of college , and he 's about to start in a Super Bowl .
Because of attention to the missing flags involving Favre , quarterback protection is likely to be a point of officiating emphasis in the Super Bowl , and that would seem likely to help the Colts against the blitz - wacky Saints .
All those sell - out , six - man blitzes by New Orleans -- if they do n't result in hard hits on Manning , they 'll be wasted effort , while inviting him to throw deep against man coverage .
For the Colts ' part , Manning now does such an elaborate chicken dance as he shouts signals at the line that Indianapolis should be called for illegal motion .
Often , Colts linemen reset during the Manning chicken dance , and it's not unusual for the tailback to set , then step forward to hear Manning 's audible , then step back and reset .
Why is this never flagged ?
Since this week 's column celebrates the unwanted player , let 's note that New Orleans and Indianapolis reached the Super Bowl with a roster of castoffs and undrafted gentlemen .
Saints standouts Brees , Darren Sharper , Jeremy Shockey and Jonathan Vilma were players other teams actively wanted to offload .
New Orleans regulars Mike Bell , Jabari Greer , Jonathan Goodwin , Anthony Hargrove and Scott Shanle were let go by other teams .
Saints ' regulars Bell , Greer , Pierre Thomas , Lance Moore and Darnell Dinkins were undrafted .
As for the Colts , Division III 's Pierre Garçon and fourth - round draft pick Austin Collie became stars pretty much as soon as they arrived in Indianapolis and started drinking the Indiana water .
At the Super Bowl , the Colts will start eight undrafted players : Gary Brackett , Melvin Bullitt , Kyle DeVan , Jacob Lacey , Ryan Lilja , Daniel Muir , Gijon Robinson and Jeff Saturday .
Indianapolis has the NFL's best offensive line , and three of the five starters ( DeVan , Lilja and Saturday ) were not drafted .
That Indiana water -- where can I buy some ?
[+]
Enlarge Ethan Miller / Getty Images Miss America , Caressa Cameron -- obviously this photo exists to justify the item .
Obviously This Item Exists to Justify the Swimsuit Photo : Congratulations to Caressa Cameron of Virginia , a student at Virginia Commonwealth University , for winning the latest Miss America pageant , which has migrated from Atlantic City to Las Vegas .
In addition to wearing the crown , Cameron will be the spokesperson for National Pancake Day .
Here is detailed coverage from her hometown newspaper , the wonderfully named Fredericksburg Free - Lance Star .
Perhaps There Are Astronomers on Distant Earthlike Worlds , Right Now Debating Whether a Meepzor - like Planet Will Be Found : Recently , astronomers in Hawaii detected an " exosolar " planet -- a world in another star system -- that is only four times the size of Earth .
So far , nearly all exosolar planets glimpsed by astronomers have been gas giants similar to Jupiter , and our form of life is hard to imagine on a gaseous ball of extremely high gravity and atmospheric pressure .
The newly discovered planet , designated HD156668b , is about 80 light - years away in the direction of the constellation Hercules .
HD156668 b does n't sound particularly inviting , skimming so close to the surface of its star that that its " year " -- one orbit -- takes about four days .
Temperatures there must be hellish .
The smallest exosolar world discovered so far , Gliese 581 e , about 20 light - years distant , is about twice the mass of Earth and also too close to its star to be habitable by our form of life .
But the ability to detect smaller and smaller exosolar planets raises the chances an Earthlike world soon will be found .
Courtesy of W.M. Keck Observatory
Artist 's conception of the view from HD156668 b -- bring extra sunscreen .
The 2009 Tuesday Morning Quarterback All - Unwanted All - Pros : Each year , TMQ honors those gentlemen who became NFL success stories despite going undrafted , or being waived , or both .
Here are the qualifications for my All - Unwanted All - Pros : A player must have been undrafted , or been waived , or been let go in free agency when his original club made no bona fide attempt to retain him .
Players who left their teams via trade are not eligible , because the team received something of value in return ; free agents whom their original teams wanted to retain , but could not for salary cap reasons , are not eligible .
It is possible to be both wanted and unwanted .
For example , Wes Welker gets an asterisk for being undrafted , then waived by San Diego .
But his trade from Miami to New England does not count for All - Unwanted purposes , since the Dolphins got draft choices in return .
If you think I 've missed an outstanding performer who meets the All - Unwanted criteria , let me know at TMQ_ESPN@yahoo.com and I 'll keep an eye on him next season .
A few of my All - Unwanted honorees also appear on the Pro Bowl teams ; those are in bold .
An asterisk means unwanted more than once .
In a game , I would take my All - Unwanted squad over the Pro Bowl glory boys any day .
First team offense :
Offensive line : Tyson Clabo* , Atlanta ( undrafted , waived by Broncos , Giants and Chargers ) ; Kris Dielman , San Diego ( undrafted -- a linebacker in high school , then a tight end and defensive end in college , had never played offensive line before the NFL ) ; Jamaal Jackson , Philadelphia ( undrafted out of Division I - AA Delaware State ) ; Ryan Lilja* , Indianapolis ( undrafted , waived by Kansas City , attended community college for two years after not being recruited out of high school ) ; Jeff Saturday * , Indianapolis ( undrafted , cut by the Ravens , future first - ballot Hall of Fame entrant and 2007 Tuesday Morning Quarterback Non-Quarterback Non-Running Back NFL MVP ) .
Tight end : Antonio Gates , San Diego ( undrafted , did not play football in college ) .
Wide receivers : Miles Austin , Dallas ( see below ) ; Wes Welker* , New England ( undrafted , waived by San Diego , not recruited out of high school despite scoring 83 prep touchdowns and kicking a 57 - yard field goal , not drafted despite an NCAA - record eight punt return touchdowns in college ; 2008 Unwanted Player of the Year ) .
Fullback : Tony Richardson * , Jersey / B. ( undrafted , cut by the Cowboys , Chiefs and Vikings ; has bounced around so much , he once blocked for Marcus Allen ) .
Running backs : Ryan Grant , Green Bay ( undrafted , missed a year when injured by falling into champagne glasses ) ; Fred Jackson* , Buffalo ( undrafted out of Division III Coe College , played indoor football for the Sioux City Bandits ) .
Quarterback : Kurt Warner* , Arizona ( undrafted out of Division I - AA Northern Iowa , played for the Arena League Iowa Barnstormers , let go by Packers and Giants , let go by Rams after he led them to club 's only Super Bowl victory , future Hall of Famer ) .
Second team offense :
Offensive line : Kyle Cook* , Cincinnati ( undrafted , waived by the Vikings ) ; Mike Gandy * , Arizona ( let go by Chicago and Buffalo ) ; Jonathan Goodwin , New Orleans ( let go by Jets ) ; Donald Penn* , Tampa ( undrafted , waived by Minnesota ) ; Casey Wiegmann * , Denver ( undrafted , let go by the Colts , Jets , Bears and Chiefs ) .
Tight end : Visanthe Shiancoe , Minnesota ( let go by the Giants ) .
Wide receivers : Marques Colston , New Orleans ( really should n't qualify for this team since he was drafted by the Saints -- but in the seventh round out of Hofstra , which no longer fields a football team ) ; Derrick Mason , Baltimore ( let go by Tennessee ) .
[+]
Enlarge Stephen Shugerman / Getty Images Actual footage of the Chicago Bears getting rid of Cedric Benson .
Fullback : Leonard Weaver* , Philadelphia ( undrafted out of Division II Carson Newman , let go by Seattle ) .
Running backs : Cedric Benson , Cincinnati ( practically launched out of Chicago as a human cannonball , the Bears were so anxious to be rid of him -- proved an enthusiastic team player for Bengals ) ; Pierre Thomas , New Orleans ( undrafted , did not start at Illinois as a college senior ) .
Quarterback : Drew Brees , New Orleans ( let go by San Diego , then rejected by Miami when he offered to sign there , " too short " at 6 - foot , on track to hold numerous passing records ) .
First team defense :
Defensive line : Tony Brown* , Tennessee ( undrafted , cut by Carolina , Miami and San Francisco ) ; Marques Douglas * , Jersey / B ( undrafted out of Division I - AA Howard , cut by Baltimore , New Orleans , Tampa and San Francisco ) ; Aubrayo Franklin , San Francisco ( let go by Baltimore ) ; Pat Williams * , Minnesota ( undrafted , let go by Buffalo as washed up five years ago -- three Pro Bowl appearances since then ) .
Linebackers : Gary Brackett , Indianapolis ( see below ) ; Dhani Jones * , Cincinnati ( let go by the Giants and Eagles , graduate of TMQ's kids ' high school , hosts a travel show ) ; London Fletcher * , Washington ( undrafted , let go by St. Louis and Buffalo ; best - ever player not named to the Pro Bowl -- he made it this year as a replacement ; career stats essentially identical to those of Ray Lewis ; the 2009 All - Unwanted Player of the Year ; stands chance of being first player ever not named to the Pro Bowl but voted into the Hall of Fame ) .
Defensive backs : Leigh Bodden* , New England ( undrafted out of Division I - AA Duquesne , waived by Detroit , had three interceptions in one game against Mark Sanchez ) ; Jim Leonhard * , Jersey / B ( see below ) ; Darren Sharper * , New Orleans ( let go by Green Bay and Minnesota ) ; Charles Woodson , Green Bay ( future Hall of Famer cast off by Oakland as washed up four years ago ) .
Second team defense :
Defensive line : Jacques Cesaire* , San Diego ( undrafted out of Division II Southern Connecticut State ) ; Ryan Pickett , Green Bay ( highly drafted by St. Louis , let go as part of Rams ' master plan -- see Kurt Warner -- to get rid of good players ) ; Jimmy Wilkerson , Tampa ( let go by Kansas City ) ; Mike Wright , New England ( undrafted , enrolled at Division II Ashland University because no college recruited him out of high school ) .
Linebackers : Stephen Cooper , San Diego ( undrafted out of Division I - AA Maine ) ; James Harrison * , Pittsburgh ( undrafted , played for the NFL Europe 's Rhine Fire , cut by Ravens and once cut by the Steelers -- 2009 Tuesday Morning Quarterback Non-Quarterback Non-Running Back NFL MVP ) ; Ben Leber , Minnesota ( let go by San Diego ) ; Bart Scott* , Jersey / B ( undrafted out of Division I - AA Southern Illinois , let go by Baltimore , key piece of Rex Ryan 's crazed defense ) .
Defensive backs : Chris Crocker* , Cincinnati ( let go by Cleveland , Atlanta and Miami ) ; Brian Dawkins , Denver ( shown the door by Philadelphia despite seven Pro Bowl selections ) ; Hiram Eugene , Oakland ( undrafted , won starting job away from lottery pick Michael Huff ) ; Jacob Lacey , Indianapolis ( undrafted because he was " too small " at 170 pounds , was an econ major in college ) .
Kicking teams
Place - kicker : Matt Prater* , Denver ( undrafted , waived by Detroit and Atlanta ; was 10 - of - 13 beyond 40 yards and put 28 kickoffs into the end zone for touchbacks , second only to David Buehler of Dallas , a kickoff specialist ) .
Punter : Donnie Jones * , St. Louis ( waived by Seattle and Miami , second in league in net average , has improved because with the Rams he gets so much practice -- against Chicago , nailed four punts inside the Bears ' 10 ) .
Kick returner : Josh Cribbs , Cleveland ( undrafted despite being the all - time yardage leader at Kent State ; held all the school 's quarterback records until a few were surpassed by Julian Edelman , who lasted till the seventh round of the draft , and is now viewed as a steal -- meaning NFL scouts made the same mistake with the same position at the same school twice in a short period ) .
Special teamer : Brian Iwuh , Jacksonville ( undrafted ) .
Unwanted head coach of the year : Wade Phillips * , Dallas .
At age 62 , after being fired by the Broncos and the Bills , and ridiculed for three years by the Dallas press , wins the Cowboys ' first playoff victory since the Clinton presidency and receives a lucrative contract extension .
Unwanted executive of the year : Bill Polian , Indianapolis .
Built the four - peat Buffalo Bills Super Bowl squad of the early 1990s , then was fired ; took over the expansion Carolina Panthers and got them to the NFC Championship Game in their second year of existence , then was forced out ; took over the Colts , which since the year of his arrival have more victories than any NFL team .
Good at what he does but unpleasant to be around -- has a volcanic temper , yells at clerks and receptionists .
Unwanted players to keep an eye on
• Akin Ayodele , linebacker , Miami -- let go by Jacksonville and Dallas .
• Remi Ayodele * , defensive tackle , New Orleans -- undrafted , cut by Dallas ( twice ) , Atlanta , Baltimore and New England .
• Tully Banta - Cain* , linebacker , New England -- starts for Patriots despite being waived three times by his own team .
• Jovan Belcher , linebacker , Kansas City -- undrafted out of Division I - AA Maine .
• Mike Bell* , running back , New Orleans -- undrafted despite 3,163 yards rushing at Arizona , waived by Denver and Houston .
• Davone Bess , wide receiver , Miami -- undrafted , left college early because the NFL advisory board told him he would be a second - round choice .
• Atari Bigby * , safety , Green Bay -- undrafted , waived by Dolphins and Jets .
• Mike Brisiel , guard , Houston -- undrafted .
• Melvin Bullitt , safety , Indianapolis -- undrafted , played four positions in college , was the one who stopped the Patriots ' fourth - and - 2 .
• Brandon Chillar , linebacker , Green Bay -- let go by St. Louis , parents from India .
• Nick Cole , guard , Philadelphia -- undrafted , plays well at guard , struggled as the Eagles ' emergency center .
• Blake Costanzo* , special teamer , Cleveland -- undrafted from Division I - AA Lafayette , cut by Jets and Bills .
• Kyle DeVan* , guard , Indianapolis -- undrafted , waived by the Redskins and Jets , played for the Boise Burn of Arena 2 ; before being called by the Colts last summer , was working as a substitute teacher .
• Darnell Dinkins * , tight end , New Orleans -- undrafted , let go by the Giants , Ravens and Browns .
• Jo-Lonn Dunbar , special teams , New Orleans -- undrafted .
• Abram Elam* , safety , Cleveland -- undrafted , waived by Miami and Dallas .
• Brett Favre , quarterback , Minnesota -- let go by Jets , appears to have 5 - 10 good years ahead of him .
• Larry Foote , linebacker , Detroit -- waived by Pittsburgh .
• J.P. Foschi* , tight end , Cincinnati -- undrafted , released by Jets , Broncos , Vikings , Raiders ( twice ) and Chiefs .
• Keyaron Fox , linebacker , Pittsburgh -- let go by Kansas City .
• Mike Furrey , utility player , Cleveland -- undrafted from Division I - AA Northern Iowa , let go by Colts , Rams and Lions , played for two Arena League teams , got snaps this season at wide receiver and safety .
• BenJarvus Green - Ellis , fullback , New England -- undrafted , struggled at tailback , played well when shifted this season to fullback .
• Brent Grimes , cornerback , Atlanta -- undrafted out of Division II Shippensburg .
• Lynell Hamilton , running back and special teams , New Orleans -- one of eight undrafted players to score a touchdown for the Saints this season .
• Anthony Hargrove* , defensive tackle , New Orleans -- cut by the Rams and Bills , did not play in 2008 owing to a suspension for drug use , is now clean .
• Spencer Havner* , tight end , Green Bay -- undrafted , cut by Washington and Green Bay , was a linebacker in high school and college , had five touchdown receptions this year in his first - ever season at tight end .
• David Hawthorne , linebacker , Seattle -- undrafted .
• Will Heller* , tight end , Detroit -- cut four times , including twice by Tampa .
• Artis Hicks , guard , Minnesota -- undrafted .
• Renaldo Hill* , cornerback , Denver -- cut by Arizona , Oakland and Miami .
• Antonio Johnson , defensive tackle , Indianapolis -- signed from the Tennessee practice squad .
• Bruce Johnson , cornerback , Giants -- undrafted .
• Damione Lewis , defensive tackle , Carolina -- a first - round choice at St. Louis , which was anxious to give him the human cannonball treatment ( see Warner and Pickett ) , has played well for the Panthers .
• Tony McDaniel , defensive tackle , Miami -- undrafted .
• Quintin Mikell , safety , Philadelphia -- undrafted .
• Brandon Moore* , Jersey / B , guard -- undrafted , played for the Scottish Claymores .
• Evan Moore* , tight end , Cleveland -- undrafted , cut by New Orleans and Green Bay , in four years at Stanford earned his bachelor 's ( pre-law ) and master 's ( sociology ) .
• Daniel Muir* , defensive tackle , Indianapolis -- undrafted , waived by Green Bay .
• Juqua Parker , defensive end , Philadelphia -- undrafted , let go by Tennessee .
• Kenny Peterson , defensive end , Denver -- waived by Packers .
• Mike Peterson , linebacker , Atlanta -- let go by Indianapolis and Jacksonville .
• Bernard Pollard , safety , Houston -- cut by Kansas City .
• Lyle Sendlein , center , Arizona -- undrafted , graduated from Texas with a degree in liberal arts .
• Bryan Scott* , emergency linebacker , Buffalo -- drafted as a safety , let go by Atlanta , New Orleans and Tennessee , played well as a " Will " linebacker for injury - riddled Bills defense .
• Ian Scott* , defensive end , San Diego -- cut by the Bears , Eagles and Panthers .
• Gerald Sensabaugh , cornerback , Dallas -- released by Jacksonville .
• Takeo Spikes * , linebacker , San Francisco -- graying veteran who still plays well despite being let go by Cincinnati , Buffalo and Philadelphia .
• Darnell Stapleton , guard , Pittsburgh -- undrafted .
• Randy Starks , defensive end , Miami -- let go by Tennessee .
• Andy Studebaker , linebacker , Kansas City -- let go by Philadelphia , attended Division III Wheaton College .
• Frank Walker* , special teams , Baltimore -- undrafted out of Division II Tuskegee , cut by Giants and Packers .
• Kevin Walter* , wide receiver , Houston -- cut by Bengals and Giants .
• Nate Washington * , wide receiver , Tennessee --- undrafted from Division II Tiffin , let go by Pittsburgh .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Nick Wass
His college did n't even hold a pro day , so he had to run his 40 somewhere else .
• Brian Waters , guard , Kansas City -- undrafted , has played in four Pro Bowls .
• George Wilson , safety , Buffalo -- undrafted , waived by Detroit , has kept high - drafted players on the bench .
• Damien Woody , tackle , Jersey / B -- former high draft choice for New England , let go by Patriots and Lions , many football touts do n't seem to realize he is still playing .
Unwanted Player of the Year , second runner - up .
Miles Austin , wide receiver , Cowboys : Received no Division I scholarship offers out of high school , enrolled at Division I - AA Monmouth .
Went undrafted by NFL despite a 12 - touchdown senior season and despite running at 4.3 -- which he ran at the Rutgers pro day because Monmouth does not have a pro day .
With Austin , suddenly Tony Romo is a good quarterback .
Hard - working , never complains -- what a breath of fresh air compared to Terrell Owens and Roy Williams .
The league 's No. 2 receiver ( Wes Welker ) and No. 3 receiver ( Austin ) of 2009 both were passed over in the draft .
Unwanted Player of the Year , first runner - up .
Gary Brackett , middle linebacker , Colts . :
Not recruited out of high school , had to walk on at Rutgers .
Went undrafted by NFL ; now among the league 's best linebackers .
Plays at an elite level despite being a normal - sized human being at 5 - foot - 11 , 235 pounds .
Stays on the field on passing downs , a la Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher ; can rush or drop into coverage .
Had a big sack versus Baltimore in the playoffs , then several big run-stops against the Jets in the AFC championship .
Very active in community work -- does n't just talk about it , actually does it .
[+]
Enlarge AP Photo / Darron Cummings
He 's too short !
All he 's good at is starting for the NFL 's best defenses .
Unwanted Player of the Year .
Jim Leonhard , safety , Jets :
Not recruited out of high school , had to walk on at Wisconsin .
Did not receive an NCAA scholarship until his senior year .
Went undrafted despite tying the Wisconsin career record for interceptions with 21 and holding the Big Ten career punt - return record when he graduated .
Went undrafted because he is " too short " at 5 - 8 , though he can slam - dunk a basketball with both hands .
Became a starter at Buffalo , recording a 13 - tackle game .
Waived by the Bills after they used a high first - round draft choice on safety Donte Whitner ; today , Leonhard is a significantly better player .
In 2008 , was a starter for a Ravens defense ranked second in the NFL .
Let go by the Ravens , signed by Jersey / B , joining former Baltimore defensive coordinator Rex Ryan ; in 2009 was a starter for the league 's first - ranked defense .
Already has started in six postseason games -- that 's six more than Whitner , the guy Leonhard was cut to make room for -- and recorded two postseason interceptions and a postseason fumble recovery .
[+]
Enlarge Charles Hewitt / Getty Images " A View From the Bridge " -- what was shocking in 1955 is hardly even noticed today .
Honorary Cheerleader of the Week : ESPN.com editor Thomas Neumann nominates Sarah of the Washington Capitals .
Check her favorite book .
This Really Must Be the 21st Century : Arthur Miller 's great 1955 play " A View from the Bridge " is enjoying a revival on Broadway .
In the play , the protagonist is driven wretched by the question of whether he should reveal to authorities another character 's shocking secret .
The secret ?
The other character has entered the country illegally .
In 1955 , this was viewed as so rare and disturbing it could form the basis of an important piece of literary drama .
Today , an estimated 12 million people residing in the United States have entered illegally .
Owners , Players -- Please Do n't Kill the Golden Goose :
Though there 's some fear of an NFL strike or lockout in 2011 , I would n't worry : Both sides are still at the public - bluster stage , and real negotiations have not yet commenced .
The owners and the union would be total , utter fools to kill the golden goose with a strike or lockout .
Then again , folly is a grand theme of history .
The first salary cap , in 1994 , was $ 49 million in today 's dollars .
The 2009 cap was $ 128 million , 2.6 times larger in just 16 years .
In 1994 , an average NFL player 's income was $ 800,000 in today 's dollars , while about $ 27 million was spent on payments to retired players .
This season the average pay was $ 2.1 million per player , while nearly $ 200 million went to retired player payments .
How many professions do you know , including surgery , in which real - dollar income and payments to retirees are rising so fast ?
Money to active and retired players is way up because football is so popular -- and because the labor peace that has prevailed since cooperative bargaining began in 1993 insures television there will be a product to air .
That makes television willing to pay premium prices .
If a strike or lockout spoils this arrangement , why should television pay a premium in the future ?
[+]
Enlarge Hans Wild / Getty Images Roger Goodell and DeMaurice Smith meet to discuss the next collective bargaining agreement .
This is a good time to remember that when the current CBA was signed in 2006 , the late NFLPA president Gene Upshaw was ridiculed in the press as a lapdog because he did n't throw bricks through windows and did n't want to harm the fortunes of his industry , attitudes that old - media types ( who have done such a fine job with their own industries ) wag their fingers at as insufficiently confrontational .
Owners exercised their option to end the 2006 agreement two years early because when the dust settled they realized what a fabulous deal Upshaw 's final CBA was for the players , who now get 60 percent of NFL revenues and whose average pay has risen 48 percent in the last four years alone .
If Upshaw 's 2006 deal was bad for the players as old - media types contended , why were the owners so eager to cancel the agreement ?
The current bluster is silly on both sides .
DeMaurice Smith , who replaced Upshaw , needs to look macho , and so is using the worn union macho position of outrage at the slightest suggestion of any concession .
Is n't assurance of future pro football salaries rising at a somewhat slower rate a lot better than a year with no football and no pay at all , followed by the networks ' reducing their future offers ?
In the NBA , owners and players have taken turns shooting at the golden goose , and the result is a declining salary cap .
The NFLPA would be extremely foolish to risk starting a salary decline in the NFL , and NFLPA members would be foolish to prefer angry rhetoric over numbers in their bank accounts .
Meanwhile , the owners are crying woe is me -- after stepping off their private jets .
The super - rich owners , such as Jerry Jones and Pat Bowlen , are complaining about the revenue - sharing deal by which the top 15 teams each send about $ 7 million per year to the bottom 15 teams , whose owners are merely rich .
Owners in markets like Denver and Dallas should stop griping and sustain a revenue - sharing system that keeps the competition strong , and the fans and networks interested .
Sure , $ 7 million is real money -- but it 's only one bonus blown on a flopped free agent .
By crying to the NFLPA over sums the players know are trivial to super - rich owners , the owners only reduce the credibility of their positions .
Reader Comments : Jason Hill of Louisville , Ky. , writes , " I found all of the mentions of absurd pseudo - precision in this past Tuesday 's TMQ especially hilarious because I 'd just seen a perfect example .
Louisville had just had an ice storm .
I was driving behind a salt spreader .
The truck had a sign affixed to its liftgate that read , ' Stay Back 38 Feet . '
Not 37 feet , not 39 feet , stay back 38 feet .
Not only is it impossible to tell exactly how close you are when driving , it sounds like 38 feet would be too close to follow a truck even under dry conditions . "
[+]
Enlarge George Rose / Getty Images Luckily , this is not an action - movie supertrain .
Daniel Piotrowski of Atlanta writes , " Making fun of the new action show ' Human Target , ' in which a runaway supertrain veers into a sharply curved rail tunnel , you posed the question , ' Is there such a thing as a sharply curved rail tunnel ? '
There is .
At the railroad I work for , Norfolk Southern , two examples come to mind .
The Algonquin , West Virginia tunnel is 1,236 feet long with an 8.5° curve and a 25 mph speed limit .
The Polk Gap , West Virginia tunnel is 2,463 feet long with a 10° curve and a 10 mph speed limit .
A supertrain passing through at high speed would easily derail .
I 'm certain there are more extreme examples , but those were easy to find .
An 8.5° or 10° mainline curve is extreme for a 10,000 ton freight train , regardless of tunnel . "
I chided the Cleveland Symphony Orchestra for going on strike , when it is supported almost entirely by donations .
Jacob Sider Jost of Harrisonburg , Va. , counters , " Profitable professional sports franchises routinely demand and receive subsidies from taxpayers , who paid $ 84 million to help build the Cleveland Indians ' ballpark , for instance .
Surely if professional athletes , who have dedicated their young lives to something totally non-utilitarian which gives great joy to audiences , receive generous government subsidies while making profits , we need not be too hard on professional musicians , who have dedicated their whole lives to something totally non-utilitarian which gives great joy to audiences at much lower cost but at a slight loss .
I would argue that we should subsidize them with corresponding generosity . "
Here , Matthew Hall of the San Diego Union - Tribune shows that the public pays far too much of the cost of sports stadia used for private profits .
Rocco Landesman , current chair of the National Endowment for the Arts and a former Broadway producer , has long maintained that the arts are a more cost - effective way to revitalize urban areas than other types of investments ; you can listen to him make that case here .
[+]
Enlarge Jason Merritt / Getty Images Mike " The Situation " Sorrentino at the Grammys .
It 's the 21st century , now the men provide the cleavage .
When New Orleans won the NFC championship partly on the strength of a fourth - and - 1 goal - line leap play called in the center of the field , I proposed that coaches rarely call the leap play at midfield because the most it can gain is 1 yard .
Aseem Garg of Westlake , Ohio , adds , " I think a good answer to why coaches never call the goal line dive in the middle of the field can be found in evidence from Sunday 's game .
When Thomas made the leap , the ball nearly came loose from his grasp .
In the case of the goal line , it would be perfectly fine to fumble it once the player has broken the plane of the end zone .
However , if Thomas had fumbled at the 43 yard line , the ball would be live . "
Matthew Smith of Scottsdale , Ariz. , adds , " If you 're in a midfield fourth - and - 1 , you not only need to get the ball past the first - down mark , you need to keep it there .
A quick shove across the plane , which works at the goal line , wo n't work anywhere else , if it 's a quick shove at the line - to - gain . "
Finally , I proposed college brackets for the fall , such as Dickinson College versus Dickinson University with the winner to meet Farleigh Dickinson .
Doug Giron of Barrington , R.I. , writes " Do n't forget Union College of New York versus Union College of Kentucky with the winner to play Mount Union College . "
Hans Krake of Playa del Rey , Calif. , notes I neglected to have my two favorite colleges , Indiana of Pennsylvania and California of Pennsylvania -- I did n't list these because they actually do play each other !
Ken-Ichi Hino of Potomac , Md. , proposes this ultimate all - Indiana bracket : " A round - robin between Indiana University , Indiana University of Pennsylvania and the University of Pennsylvania , with the winner to meet the winner of a round - robin between Indiana Wesleyan , Purdue University , and the incredibly over - named Indiana University - Purdue University Indianapolis . "
Tuesday Morning Quarterback Challenge :
The NFL has n't used up all possible aging rock acts for the Super Bowl halftime show -- Ten Years After is still touring !
The challenge : Name an aging , Medicare - eligible ( or soon to be ) rock group or performer the NFL could book for next year 's Super Bowl halftime show .
The group or artist must be one that actually could appear -- members alive and still performing .
Give your arguments for the group or artists .
Short and clever improves your odds , failing to mention your hometown disqualifies you .
The winner will receive a signed copy of " Sonic Boom . "
Submit your proposed faded , aging rock group to TMQ_ESPN@yahoo.com .
Bear in mind this is a challenge , not a contest .
We promise nothing , the rules are kept secret even from the judges , and the final decision will be completely arbitrary .
Next Week : That Super Bowl thing you might have heard about .
In addition to writing Tuesday Morning Quarterback for Page 2 , Gregg Easterbrook is the author of the new book " Sonic Boom , " and six other books .
He is also a contributing editor for The New Republic , The Atlantic Monthly and The Washington Monthly .
His Web site can be found here .
Back to Page 2
You are being redirected to http://code.neenbedankt.com/monitor-your-app-engine-application-from-your-pocket-with-engine-watch-for-android/
Patience is a virtue but Edmonton Oilers goaltender Devan Dubnyk must be running out of it .
After Monday 's 5 - 3 loss to the Columbus Blue Jackets , Dubnyk has faced defeat in the first ten starts of his career and is still in search of that illustrious first win .
The closest he 's gotten is a couple of overtime losses , the latest of which occurred on Thursday in Montreal .
â† µ
Were it not for Nikolai Khabibulin 's injury , Dubnyk likely would n't be with the Oilers but here we are .
He 's posted an .868 save percentage and 4.16 goals against average while going 0 - 8 - 2 .
How can this get any worse you might ask ?
Well , Dubnyk is 148 minutes away from tying a record set by Mike O'Neill for most minutes played by a netminder without a win to start a career .
â† µ
O'Neill played 855 minutes and compiled an 0 - 9 - 2 record .
Dubnyk is up to 707 minutes and counting .
Sitting 18 points behind the Western Conference 's next closest club , this will at least give the Oilers something to play for hopefully .
An East Palo Alto police detective is taking heat in online forums for allegedly posting comments from his Facebook account that advocate shooting Open Carry gun advocates .
Detective Rod Tuason apparently made the remarks in response to a friend ’s status update , which joked that gun advocates who carry unloaded weapons in plain view as a political statement should start doing so in places such as Oakland , Richmond and East Palo Alto “ and not limit themselves to hoity toity cities . ”
“ Haha , we had one guy last week try to do it ! ” Tuason replied , referring to a Redwood City man who strolled into the Mi Pueblo Food Center in East Palo Alto on Jan. 27 with a gun on his hip .
“ He got proned out and reminded where he was at and that turds will jack him for his gun in a heartbeat ! ”
After several more comments in the thread , Tuason apparently joked that officers should shoot the advocates , who have made recent headlines throughout the Bay Area for sipping coffee at cafes and performing other everyday acts with visible weapons .
“ Sounds like you had someone practicing their 2nd amendment rights last night ! ” Tuason wrote .
“ Should ’ve pulled the AR out and prone them all out !
And if one of them makes a furtive movement … 2 weeks off !!! ”
It ’s unclear when Tuason made the comments , but they attracted the attention of gun rights advocates after blogger and lawyer Kevin Thomason posted a screen grab of the thread and a link to Tuason ’s Facebook page on his Web site Sunday .
“ East Palo Alto , CA Detective Roderick Tuason did n’t realize that actual PRO - GUN people also read Facebook , ” Thomason said in the post .
“ Amazingly , he posted the following comment about law abiding gun owners on a friend ’s page .
Basically , he ’s saying ‘ prone them out ’ ( on the ground ) , and if anyone moves , kill them . ”
Thomason urged his readers to contact East Palo Alto council members to complain .
Reached by phone Monday , Thomason said he wanted to comment but could n’t because he works with a nonprofit foundation that would n’t want him to speak publicly on the matter .
California Penal
Code bars carrying concealed weapons without a county - issued license but says it is n’t a crime to openly display a firearm in a belt holster .
However , it remains illegal for the gun to be loaded in most cases .
While residents who carry unloaded , registered guns in plain view are n’t breaking any laws , police have said the practice is dangerous because officers can’t tell whether a gun is loaded and what an armed person ’s intentions are .
Tuason did n’t return a phone message seeking comment Monday .
But East Palo Alto police Capt .
Carl Estelle said the department ’s professional standards division is looking into the Facebook remarks to see if they violate any rules or policies .
“ We have to be careful because they ’re on his own personal private Web page , ” Estelle said .
“ We have to be careful not to violate his First Amendment rights . ”
The department has n’t taken action against Tuason , and the detective was working in uniform Monday , he said .
“ In no way are his personal comments reflective of any policies or procedures here at the department , nor does he speak for the police department , ” Estelle said .
Meanwhile , Tuason ’s Facebook comments had sparked a 45 - page thread on the Web site Calguns. net Monday afternoon .
A user with the handle .45 shooter claiming to be either Tuason or the detective ’s Facebook friend who posted the original status update — the identity was n’t clear from the post — apologized to site members and said he was a Second Amendment advocate himself .
“ Sometimes sacastic or off color humor should be best kept in the confines of those you can confide in , ” the poster wrote .
“ I forgot the golden rule of whos watching and listenting to you !
I know i ruffled alot of feathers by making that comment !
But as a person i did not mean no harm to anyone .
Those that know me know my form of humor after all i’m a former Marine ! ”
Mark Hudson , a San Mateo resident and Second Amendment supporter , said that while he is n’t part of the Open Carry movement , he saw the post on Calguns and Tuason ’s comments offended him .
“ The reason people are open carrying is because in San Mateo County they ’re unable to get concealed carry permits , ” Hudson said .
“ This East Palo Alto policeman basically said he would shoot you in the back — a law - abiding citizen exercising their Second Amendment rights . …
You ’re going to invite law enforcement into your life when you open carry .
That ’s why I do n’t do it . ”
E-mail Jessica Bernstein - Wax at jbernstein@dailynewsgroup.com .
document.write(‘div.forum_v2_main_title , div.forum_v2_main_table_container , div.forum_v2_pagecontent , div.forum_v2_comment_container { display : none ; border : none }’ ) ;
I helped cover the New York City Comic Con in February ’09 , and this post never ran .
Its themes are eternal .
The Authors Round Table saw a standing - room only turnout at Comic Con : the moderator announced that it was one of the largest crowds ever gathered there for writers .
The panel featured ten popular genre authors , with grand dame Tamora Pierce a particular draw , judging by the cheers her introduction and answers generated .
The gathering of so much talent could have been handled more smoothly — the experience was muddled by asking too - typical , boilerplate questions like “ What made you want to write ? ” across the board , then waiting for ten separate answers .
But as it turned out , we had a lot to learn .
By the time the authors had dutifully gone down the line of moderated questioning , there was little time left for the audience ’s .
The answers provided , however , never failed to prove illuminating .
The event in full can be watched on host Suvudu.com ’s website , but I wanted to share the best moments – and lessons – gleaned from some of today ’s most successful masters of genre fiction .
The writers were :
John Birmingham , the Axis of Time series
Peter V. Brett , The Warded Man , The Painted Man
Alex C. Irvine , The Narrows , A Scattering of Jades
Kim Harrison , The Hollows series
S.C. Butler , the Stoneways Triology
Tamora Pierce , the Alanna series , the Circle of Magic series et al
Vicki Patterson , the Sign of the Zodiac
Jeff Somers , the Avery Cates series
Carrie Vaughn , the Kitty Norville series
Jackie Kessler , the Hell on Earth series
When the panel was asked how they first found out about fantastic worlds , and what initially brought on their interest in speculative literature , the answers were varied but often held surprisingly common threads .
I was struck by the sheer number who cited parental encouragement and their parents ’ bookshelves as the initial spark that got them going .
Almost all were voracious readers from youth .
The influence of parents promoting books at an early age would seem to have a direct correlation with fostering creative thinking ( and future writing careers ) .
Some of the titles mentioned as particularly influential were The Lord of the Rings , The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , The Wizard of Oz , The Princess and the Goblin , and “ Dangerous Visions , ” the ’60s science fiction short story anthology edited by Harlan Ellison , which left author Alex C. Irvine ’s head “ permanently bent ” at age 12 .
There were also freely - volunteered tales of using mind - altering substances as a gateway into other worlds .
Irvine encountered Dungeons & Dragons via his father ’s friends coming over to get “ wicked baked ” and playing all night to the sounds of Steve Miller .
John Birmingham got to travel around Australia smoking weed and writing for a book , which , he said , led to a new perspective and his conversion to science fiction .
The topic was mentioned enough that Irvine interrupted with “ creative people never smoke pot ” and “ this is not a theme ” to widespread laughter .
Others returned to books as a more conventional gateway into other spheres of thinking .
Bradbury ’s Dandelion
Wine taught at a young age that you could do “ magical things with words . ”
Neil Gaiman ’s Sandman and the groundbreaking work of graphic novelists were hailed .
Tamora
Pierce declared that she writes “ fantasy novels with girl heroes who kick butt ” to even louder audience appreciation and applause .
She explained that her father was blessed with three daughters , “ so I was the oldest son , ” and she was brought up on a diet of Sir Edmund Hillary ( the famed explorer who wrote about being the first to ascend Everest ) , The Boy ’s King Arthur , The Boy ’s Robin Hood , and other adventure books .
Her only “ feminine ” literary influence was Louisa May Alcott and her steely ladies .
Pierce ’s father encouraged her early attempts at novel - writing , but “ neglected to mention it might be difficult . ”
Reading Lord of The Rings finally got her off to the races .
The authors were asked : what influences your work now ?
The answers were varied here .
Many touched on the need to “ be a sponge ” and take in the world at large , suggesting that everything from history books to magazine articles to posts on the internet can be plumbed for ideas about alternate worlds and cultures .
It was stressed that creatively recycling an old idea can be a very good thing , to take the standard tropes of a genre and turn it on its head , to do something unexpected .
Kim Harrison cited music as major influence while writing , pointing out that “ musicians can do what I do , tell a story , in three minutes . ”
She recommended searching for music that well - fits your individual characters for further inspiration .
We were also told that “ the real world is deeply inspiring ” and much stranger than most things in books , though history books definitely seem to help .
Pierce said it ’s okay to be ruled by our weird obsessions , and that we should learn and absorb all the information that we can while in the grips of them .
She thinks of it as “ laying up the seed bed for your own creativity , ” an invaluable future resource to return to : “ You have no idea when you ’re going to need those ideas . ”
How much of an influence is the internet on your work today ?
The internet evoked a strong reaction from our panelists .
It was said to steal as much time as it gives , the “ greatest time saver and greatest time sink . ”
They related that Wikipedia should , of course , never stand as the last word for research when work is under scrutiny , and that Encyclopedia Britannica should used instead : “ Trust me on this , I am trying to save you pain . ”
Quite a few of the authors talked about readers on blogs as invaluable contributors , and cited reader expertise as a fantastic resource .
Twitter is starting to be a “ big deal ” for writers , with the ability to ask for specific help or audience opinion and receive it immediately .
Several said they did so much intense location research because otherwise they ’d hear about it in emails from local fans .
Thanks to the Internet and libraries , writers can now elaborately map out distant , never - visited cities and claim to be able to navigate them .
How to you keep outside distractions from intruding while you write ?
One idea was that you should n’t – you should always try to be “ like a sponge ” and take everything in .
Writing should be a parallel process in both worlds , and everything you encounter in “ real life ” can be incorporated .
But making a fixed time for creativity was also encouraged .
Two - hour blocks set aside , with the internet turned off and distractions minimized , could be ideal .
The ultimate goal when writing is to “ make it your escape and then you ’ll love being there . ”
Controversial proposals are another step closer to becoming law – but critics say bill is in danger of being rushed through parliament
The controversial digital economy bill has moved a step closer to becoming law after the House of Lords last night approved the proposals - but critics say the legislation is in danger of being rushed through parliament .
Despite reservations from a number of peers , the scheme - which includes the contentious three strikes rule to cut off internet access for alleged file sharers - will now be put before MPs , with the government hoping that it can pass into the statute books before a general election is called .
The bill contains a number of controversial aspects alongside three strikes , which could suspend the broadband connections used by anybody accused of file sharing three times whether or not they are convicted of copyright infringement .
The notorious Clause 17 - which has now had its scope diminished - had proposed to give the secretary of state the power to update copyright law without parliamentary assent .
And the Liberal Democrats caused uproar when they proposed an amendment to the bill apparently aimed at bringing more judicial oversight into the system - but that critics could end up shutting down major websites such as YouTube .
The change - which gives the high court the power to shut down entire websites if they host " substantial " amounts of copyright infringing material - came in for strong criticism , particularly after it emerged that the language used was identical to a proposal by British music industry body the BPI .
As a result , the Lib Dems yesterday made the unusual step of tabling a change to their own amendment in order to allay some of the concerns .
The government , however , pushed that aside and said it would enact the changes itself in the " wash - up " process in the House of Commons in order to ensure that the bill continued its speedy passage through parliament .
Geoff Taylor , the chief executive of the BPI - which has been one of the groups lobbying hardest in favour of the proposals - said that he hoped the bill would become law soon .
" It is vital for the future of the UK 's creative sector that the digital economy bill becomes law before the dissolution of parliament , " he said last night .
" We are pleased that it has passed successfully through the Lords and will continue to work closely with all parties as it progresses . "
Not everybody was happy with the decision , however , including those who fear that the " wash - up " process - which allows behind - the - scenes political bargaining to rush through legislation before parliament dissolves - could leave the bill open to abuse .
The Earl of Errol expressed " concern " that future amendments will not be subject to full parliamentary scrutiny .
" My concern about the new clause ... is that it will not be subject to any amendment , or discussion and then amendment , by either house , " said the Earl of Errol .
" We have no idea what it looks like , and it seems to be an abuse of parliamentary process . "
Jim Killock , the executive director of the Open Rights Group , a lobbying organisation that opposes the plans , said that the hasty attempt to enact legislation in time for the election could be disastrous .
" Our elected MPs will have spent a whole two hours on this bill ... before they disappear back to constituencies to ask for our vote , " he said .
" Meanwhile , a ' rump parliament ' made up of retiring MPs and party whips will pass disconnection measures – with no actual debate . "
Regardless of last night 's move , the divisive arguments over whether the bill would actually improve Britain 's digital economy look no closer to being settled .
On Monday , internet service provider TalkTalk continued its objections by suggesting that the three strikes rule would not have any significant impact on copyright infringement .
The company , which has been a vocal opponent of the bill , said a poll had indicated that 80 % of youngsters would continue file sharing regardless .
The result , it said , was that ISPs would be forced to police the actions of users with no tangible result .
" The digital economy bill proposals create a new and unfair duty on broadband customers , " said Andrew Heaney , TalkTalk 's director of strategy and regulation .
" It asks them to implement complex and expensive security measures on their connections to make it more difficult for their neighbours and others to use their connection for copyright infringement .
The bill reverses the core principles of natural justice by requiring customers to prove their innocence . "
You betcha , even if you ’re a vegetarian .
As long as you remember that there is no magic bullet .
Connections can get you a read , meeting or even a free lunch , but ultimately you need to have an arsenal of quality commercial scripts under your belt .
Write often .
Write Well .
Read scripts .
Lots of them .
Take classes .
After 15 years I ’m still learning new skills or different takes to various screenwriting paradigms .
Read novels .
Ermm .
I ’m hopeless for that .
It was one of my new year ’s resolutions .
Be out there .
Completed scripts languishing on your laptop gathering dust are about as useful as tits on a bull .
During this month ’s seminar held by the good people at The Scriptwriters Network , I got to listen to Michele Wallerstein rattle on about making Hollywood take notice of you .
As a new writer , you ’re competing with seasoned , produced writers , so know the game .
Know it well .
Most agents are bonkers .
It ’s an endearing trait .
Get used to it .
Fire an agent who throws things at their assistant .
Ms Wallerstein began her career in the music biz , worked for various talent agencies , ran her own agency and now works as a script and career consultant .
She is certifiably insane , but we would n’t have her any other way .
However , despite her eccentricity , she carries much wisdom and positivity .
The world always needs story tellers .
We perform a vital community service .
Truly .
Heck , she told us all to learn Yiddish , if we want to succeed in Hollywood .
How ’s that for advice ?
The extent of my lexicon is Mozel Tov ( or is that Hebrew ? ) and I do n’t even know what it means .
I hear it a lot at Jewish weddings .
Now for the nitty gritty ( what ’s that in Yiddish ? ) Yada Yada Yada .
Write THREE scripts in the same genre .
Although writing three scripts in different genres shows you have range , writing in the same genre indicates a level of proficiency by the third script .
This translates as a higher chance of being read .
Hollywood also likes to pigeonhole writers .
Notice Hollywood ads like “ from the writer that brought your ( insert name of movie ) comes ( insert name of other movie in the same genre ) .
Since forming connections between concepts is part of our cognitive process , we are more likely to see a film in the same genre if we liked the writer ’s previous film .
Hone your craft .
Take classes , read books , listen to podcasts , go online .
Observe new trends in format , structure and length .
By now you should know that the average script is no longer 120 pages , but closer to 110 ; 90 with comedies and horror .
Keep descriptions and parentheticals to an absolute minimum .
Eliminate scene directions entirely .
Inexperienced and prose writers love to over describe to dazzle us with their mastering of the English language .
Not you .
Ensure that the main character appears on at least 90 % of the script if you want an A list actor interested .
Keep your script lean , mean and clean with lots of sheen to keep ’em keen not mean .
Depending on who you ask , agents read between 3 and 20 pages of your script before making a decision .
If there is no clear main character , flaw , conflict and goal early on to drive the film , they ’ll lose interest .
Attend as many networking events as you can : pitchfests , bitchfests , expos , conferences , workshops , film festivals , seminars , writers ’ groups , social mixers , online chat rooms , even therapy .
Meet as many agents as possible .
Introduce yourself .
Follow up .
Buy them a drink , or better still , get them to buy you one .
You ’re worth it .
Shoot the breeze .
Only pitch if asked .
Do n’t be needy , pushy , flaky , intense , vague , rude , arrogant , argumentative or shy .
I like to get cheeky to make sure they ’re paying attention .
Then I blame it on the chardonnay if they get offended .
If they like you , they may refer you to an agent , producer , manager or someone else in authority .
Many agents wo n’t read unsolicited material unless it ’s a recommendation .
If asked to pitch , have at least TEN ideas .
The simple anatomy of a pitch is WHO , WHAT , WHEN , WHERE ?
It ’s a taster of your story .
Keep it focused .
Have your THREE scripts ready to go in case they want a read .
Send , email , courier , send , pigeon post your script within 24 hours .
Any longer , they ’ll forget who you are .
Or you might forget who they are .
Or both !
Follow up a few weeks later .
Think about your audience and who you envisage playing the main character .
And do n’t say your partner or relative .
Write a query letter .
Start with a title , genre and logline .
Continue with a one paragraph synopsis and one paragraph about you .
Include details of education and any accolades ; options , contest placements , awards .
Ensure you have included your name , address , telephone number and email address .
Triple check grammar , punctuation , speling , syntax .
Then check it again .
And no more than one page in length .
Do n’t be precious about your script .
It will get rewritten , if not by you , then by someone else .
As the creative development process continues , new perspectives will evolve .
Your story will change .
Never submit your first draft .
It should be about draft three before you think about sending it out .
Get professional feedback .
Write fast .
Nothing is more boring than a writer still working on the same script from six years ago .
Finish it already .
Do n’t write too fast either .
Knocking off a new script every month suggests that you ’re not spending enough time rewriting .
Have staying power .
Now I sound like an ad for Cialis .
So you ’re ready when they are !
As you ’re waiting for a script to be read , start another .
Do n’t be stuck on one idea .
Keep writing spec scripts to keep your writing fresh .
If you score a meeting , arrive early .
Wear smart casual clothes ; jeans are fine , but your Metallica t- shirt is not .
A long - sleeved shirt with the top button undone should do the trick .
You do n’t want to appear uptight .
Visit the bathroom before your meeting .
I need to wipe off my sweat as I tend to cycle around LA and arrive like a hog .
Touch up your deodorant and makeup .
Be attentive , polite , interactive , amenable , receptive and intuitive .
Do n’t be a doormat , but do n’t argue with every point either .
Know when the meeting is over .
Preserve your self respect .
If someone keeps you waiting for too long , leave .
If a producer is commitment phobic loves your script but wo n’t option your it , leave them .
Take baby steps until your career blossoms .
You wo n’t get a seven figure sale on your first script .
Be realistic .
Be aware that the huge sums of money once available for development back in the day are gone .
Studios are opting for one step deals , maybe a polish if you ’re lucky .
They ’re also clamping down on the fat paychecks for writers too .
It ’s a jungle out there , but there are a few things you can control .
Sometimes , an executive just does n’t like your script or you .
It happens .
Move on .
Get over it .
Rejection is a part of life in any profession .
Enjoy the writing experience .
Stop chasing trends .
By the time you finish writing a script in the current trend , it will have passed .
Write what you love .
The pleasure will get you through the storm .
If you want to link your blog to Majulah ! , or contribute RSS feed of related topic of interest , do contact us too thru the shoutbox !
Want to be part of Majulah ! ???
Only criteria is that you must be a Singaporean / Permanent Resident born after 1979 .
Los líderes de PAN , PRD y PRI en la Cámara de Diputados coincidieron en que el país requiere con urgencia fortalecer las finanzas públicas
[ email protected ]
Los líderes de PAN , PRD y PRI en la Cámara de Diputados coincidieron en que el país requiere con urgencia fortalecer las finanzas públicas por lo cual impulsarán una reforma hacendaria , en el periodo ordinario de sesiones que inicia hoy .
El priísta Francisco
Rojas dijo que en la agenda legislativa de su bancada se encuentra impulsar una reforma hacendaria de “ largo aliento ” que permita retomar “ el camino del crecimiento económico ” .
Mencionó que su partido pretende crear las condiciones para reactivar la banca de desarrollo , fomentar el sector industrial y recuperar el mercado interno .
Agregó que el gasto público debe ser más eficiente y la política social debe impulsar un desarrollo incluyente .
Josefina Vázquez Mota , coordinadora del PAN , dijo que los ejes rectores de la reforma fiscal que impulsarán los panistas serán la equidad , la fortaleza de las finanzas públicas y la rendición de cuentas para cada orden de gobierno , con impuestos justos , sin privilegios y con una más amplia base de contribuyentes .
Sobre el gasto público federal , consideró que debe estar apegado al cumplimiento de resultados e indicadores de desempeño , “ debe ser más transparente y mejor evaluado ” .
“ Estamos trabajando en leyes para impulsar la banca de desarrollo , asociaciones público - privadas y la ampliación del acceso de ahorro y crédito a los más pobres ” , aseguró .
Para Alejandro Encinas , líder de la fracción perredista , “ hay amplias posibilidades ” de construir un modelo fiscal .
Dijo que buscarán eliminar privilegios a las grandes empresas .
En materia de reforma política , el senador priísta Manlio Fabio Beltrones llamó a no llevar el debate a lo electoral .
Dijo que los cambios se concretarán , si hay tolerancia .
President Obama 's decision to appoint Erskine Bowles and Alan Simpson to his bipartisan commission on government spending is politically shrewd and , in terms of policy , potentially helpful .
It 's potentially helpful in that good ideas may come of it , some rough and realistic Washington consensus encouraged .
Is it too late ?
Maybe .
Even six months ago , when the president 's growing problems with the public were becoming apparent , the commission and its top appointees might have been received as fresh and hopeful — the adults have arrived , the system can be made to work .
Republicans would have felt forced to be part of it , or seen the gain in partnership .
Now it looks more as if the president is trying to save his own political life .
Timing is everything .
But this is an interesting time .
It 's easy to say that concern about federal spending is old , because it is .
It 's at least as old as Robert Taft , Barry Goldwater and Ronald Reagan .
But the national anxiety about spending that we 're experiencing now , and that is showing up in the polls , is new .
The past eight years have concentrated the American mind .
George W. Bush 's spending , the crash and Barack Obama 's spending have frightened people .
It 's not just " cranky right - wingers " who are concerned .
If it were , the president would not have appointed his commission .
Its creation acknowledges that independents are anxious , the center is alarmed — the whole country is .
The people are ahead of their representatives in Washington , who are stuck in the ick of old ways .
The translation effort , coordinated by FSF campaigns staff working with volunteer translators , has been gathering pace over the last few months .
All the work has been done using free software tools with our collaboration efforts achieved via the GNU Mailman software .
The first translation to go live was French , translated by members of the French activist organization , April .
" I 'm sorry , Mr. Christ .
You 're only licensed for five loaves of bread and two fish . "
By translating Windows 7
Sins into as many languages as possible , we are making this an international campaign for computer user freedom .
One way everyone can help the campaign is by putting a link to windows7 sins.org on a website or blog you control .
We have a widget which you can easily put on your site , and help increase our ranking in the major search engines -- meaning that when people search for ' Windows 7 ' they will see our campaign listed as well .
Translations allow non-English speaking readers to understand the stakes of FSF 's campaign .
With the French translations , April and Framasoft called on the French speaking Free Software community to take advantage of the release of Microsoft Windows 7 to inform their friends , family , colleagues about the dangers of proprietary software , Microsoft unfair practices , and the existence of Free Software .
Up and coming translations
DETROIT -- Detroit Red Wings defenseman Brad Stuart is listed as day - to - day with an AC sprain of the left shoulder , the result of a hit during the first period of Wednesday 's 5 - 2 loss in Minnesota .
General manager Ken Holland said Stuart did not need any tests Thursday .
He will be further evaluated Friday morning , prior to the game against the Nashville Predators at Joe Louis Arena .
Stuart 's status for the game is questionable .
Barring a setback , right wing Jason Williams will return to the lineup Friday .
He has been out since Nov. 7 with a fractured right fibula .
" He tells us he 's ready to go , '' Holland said .
" We 'll make the final decision at the morning skate .
But it appears he 's ready to go . ''
Forward Tomas Holmstrom ( fractured foot ) will not play Friday .
Holland said there is a chance he can play Sunday at Pittsburgh .
If not , he probably will return Tuesday in San Jose .
Holland said team doctors are in the process of making a determination on defenseman Andreas Lilja 's next step in his recovery from a concussion .
Published on 21 February 2010 13:31 , euinside , Sofia
A new macro economic point of view emerged in Bulgarian analytical space these days - the financial company EXPAT CAPITAL presented for the first time its own analysis of the macro economic situation of Bulgaria .
A managing partner in the company is the former minister in two governments with the participation of the former tzar 's party NDSV - Nikolay Vassilev .
A contribution to the analysis also has the managing partner of Industry Watch Lachezar Bogdanov .
According to the analysis , Budget 2010 is too big as percentage of GDP .
The current government has increased public spending up to 42.3 % of GDP for 2010 , although its initial intentions were to reduce spending to 30 - 35 % of GDP .
The government even promised additional funding for some sectors of the economy like agriculture , healthcare and internal affairs .
According to EXPAT CAPITAL , spending could reach 43.5 % and the recommended level is 39 % .
12 % of this spending will finance pensions this year , shows the company 's forecast and recommends this amount to be reduced to 9 % .
Regarding the deteriorating demography a serious reform of the pension system is required .
This should include freezing and even reducing pensions and increasing of the retirement age .
EXPAT also recommends several other measures , whose implementation must start immediately :
- healthcare reform , including closure of around hundred hospitals ;
- changes in the pension model , aimed at reducing pensions ' spending as a percentage from GDP ;
- additional cuts in public administration ( 17,000 public servants were cuts for the period 2005 - 2009 , but the current government promises more ) ;
- privatisation and concession deals , public - private partnerships which could help replace all necessary public investments in infrastructure with private funding .
The analysts from the financial company are worried also by the fact that neither the current nor the previous government paid any attention to the current account deficit and , therefore , they did not apply any policies in this area .
The big trade deficits and the current account deficits mean that the state does not produce enough competitive goods and services , that it is importing too much and lives beyond its capabilities .
It also means that the currency , maybe , is seriously overestimated .
With regard to the crisis , the forecast of the company is pessimistic .
The first half of the year is expected to be worse than now because the bad credits well increase together with the serious writing off of bank assets .
They also predict that a lot of industrial companies as well as small and medium enterprises will bankrupt .
The lack of liquidity in the economy will also continue .
Stagnation in the construction sector is expected too together with turbulences at the fund market .
If the EU does not reach economic growth of at least 1 % this year , we cannot expect a turning point for Bulgaria in 2010 .
On one of the most discussed issues lately because of Greece 's problems and other countries ' problems in the euro area - the budgetary deficit - EXPAT CAPITAL strongly criticizes the government by saying that the real budgetary deficit for last year must have been 2 - 3 % and not as the cabinet claims - 0.7 % .
The company points out that its forecast is calculated not on a real cash basis but on the basis of accumulation .
It is this indicator that causes serious discrepancies with the data the government is providing and which the European Commission is expecting .
The forecast of the analysts is this year the budgetary deficit to reach 2 % because of populist pressures .
The recommended level is 1 % of GDP , the data of EXPAT CAPITAL show .
Sources from the European Commission explained for euinside that when the finances of a country are being assessed in the annual Spring Convergence Reports , the way the budgetary deficit is calculated is not taken into account .
It is possible for the sake of better media position the government to report the deficit on a cash basis .
The forecast of the Commission is this year Bulgaria 's budgetary deficit to reach 1.7 % .
Because of the threat of protests , the government of Boyko Borisov froze the pension reform and is also stepping back in the healthcare reform .
The first presentation of EXPAT CAPITAL was attended by many politicians , former ministers and presidents .
According to the former head of state Petar Stoyanov one of the very serious challenges for Bulgaria 's accession to the eurozone is that many of the Western partners are not aware that in fact it was the currency board that played crucial role for Bulgaria 's survival in the crisis .
Unlike many other countries , Bulgaria remained relatively stable but this obviously is not well understood .
Therefore more efforts should be invested this positive news to be explained , Mr Stoyanov added .
A HUGE slab of land zoned open space in Sydney 's inner-west could be transformed into a ' ' new suburb ' ' under a draft plan by the City of Sydney that has excited developers and infuriated locals .
The council and the Central Sydney Planning Committee were given the responsibility of rezoning the Harold Park raceway , a block more than twice the size of the Carlton United Brewery site in Chippendale , after the NSW Harness Racing Club indicated to the state government it wanted to sell the land last year .
Harold Park .
An early draft for the rezoning that went on public exhibition this week has the site supporting up to 1000 dwellings for about 1900 people , in buildings ranging from two to eight storeys high .
The historic tram depot at the north of the site would be retained , but converted for retail , commercial and community use .
About 25 per cent would remain open space .
The draft proposal , which has not yet been endorsed by council , was revealed at fervid public meetings last week .
PATNA : Associate professor at Jamia Millia Islamia , Rahul Ramagundam , was assaulted , abused and branded a Naxalite by Bihar police for daring to ask the cops why the hutments belonging to Musahars -- among the most backward of Scheduled Castes -- were being demolished .
Ramagundam , who teaches at Dr K R Narayanan Centre for Dalit and Minorities Studies at JMI , was thrashed and abused and called a Naxalite by Khagaria police at Amausi village .
His local companion was also manhandled and beaten up by lathi- wielding police constables and officers .
The incident took place on December 22 .
" How could asking just one question lead to such physical violence ?
How can one be called a Naxalite and assaulted and humiliated like this , " asked Ramagundam .
Amausi had hit headlines on October 1 when 16 villagers , mostly OBCs ( Kurmi ) , were killed allegedly by Musahars .
The village has some 300 Musahar families who live in thatched huts .
" On December 22 , I rode pillion on the motorbike of Varun Choudhry , a grassroots activist with Khagaria - based NGO Samta , to go to Amausi .
When we reached , the village was in turmoil .
The cops were breaking thatched houses of people who were said to be absconding .
Shankar Sada , whom Varun met in the village , took us to the place where the police party had camped before taking up the rip - and - strip job , " Ramagundam said .
" Just as we spoke , a police party arrived and pulled down the thatched roof and walls of a hut .
I could n't control myself .
I asked the cops if they had any written orders to pull down the houses of the absconding accused .
" A tall uniformed man stared at me .
Instead of answering , he asked me my identity .
I teach in Delhi , I told him .
' Name ? '
I told him .
' Father 's name ? '
I told him .
But even before I could take out my identity card , he turned hostile .
By then , I was surrounded by the rest of the cops .
They roughed me up and thrashed my colleague , Varun , who suffered a fracture , " said Ramagundam .
" They had guns .
A constable in green fatigues called me a Naxalite and moved menacingly to break the cordon around me , " he said .
After meeting Khagaria SP Anusya Rannsingh Sodhi , Ramagundam lodged a complaint asking whether people had the right to ask police for written orders before dismantling houses of the " poorest of the poor " .
The Khagaria SP said she would conduct an inquiry and take appropriate action .
She added that she would not take action against anyone merely on the basis of Ramagundam 's statement .
Ramagundam is author of two books , ' Defeated Innocence ' on the Adivasi struggle for land rights in Madhya Pradesh in 2001 and ' Gandhi's Khadi : A History of Contention and Conciliation ' .
When the PC is a Toaster
It has n’t been that long since Apple announced a computer that was more appliance than traditional PC and we ’re still feeling the shocks .
It was a “ closed ” system and the digerati panned it .
Some said it would hurt future generations who would lack the tools to tinker and program .
Others decried a new metaphor for dealing with information as too limiting and toy - like .
Universally , it was agreed that it was way overpriced for what it offered to the market .
Now you might think I ’m talking about the introduction of the iPad a few weeks ago .
Actually , I ’m referring the introduction of Macintosh in 1984 .
When Macintosh was introduced it was almost universally panned by the geeks .
Monochrome display ?
A fixed 128 k of memory ?
A PC that did n’t come bundled with a programming language ?
No expansion slots to add all sorts of tech goodies ?
For heaven ’s sake , there are n’t even any cursor keys !
The first Macs lacked all of those things and a funny thing happened , it was a hit with people who would have never viewed themselves as computer users .
The original Macintosh slogan , “ the computer for the rest of us ” made it clear where Apple was going .
This was a computer that was aimed at , not the enthusiast market , but the mass market .
Now , that does n’t mean it was a commercial success .
$ 2,495 computers in 1984 were not going to sell in the numbers that Apple needed to .
It was a rocky road to success and finding niche markets and , oddly enough , enthusiasts , who would carry the Mac torch until Steve Jobs returned to Apple and introduced a new product called iMac .
The PC as appliance was reborn .
Even through several incarnations and evolutions over the last decade , the iMac remains very true to Apple ’s original vision of an all - in - one computer that could appeal to a mass market .
Personal computers , however , remain complicated .
Most of us who are enthusiasts know this as we field calls from frustrated friends and relatives and help them walk through complex issues of networking , stability , security and the other pains of modern day PC life .
While many of us use our PCs to create content with sophisticated tools , most users do n’t create content beyond playlist generation and simple image editing .
In fact , that ’s why we call most users , consumers .
Recently , the success of smartphones with consumers shows that there ’s a gap between the desire for simplified appliance computing and PCs .
I know many users who use their iPhone as their primary computing device , despite the fact that they ’re hampered by the small form factor .
They simply are willing to trade simplicity for features and functions as well as complexity .
Which of course brings me to the iPad .
Lots of the criticism around the iPad mimics the same criticism that Apple faced with the introduction of Macintosh .
Macintosh was the first computer of the era to not ship with a programming language .
For the enthusiast of the time , it was a huge issue .
For the consumers , the inclusion of MacWrite and MacPaint was far more valuable and useful .
I do n’t suggest the iPad is a device for everyone .
It certainly wo n’t replace my office setup of multiple , large screen , high resolution monitors and a suite of creativity tools that give me the ability to do things that were merely science fiction a decade ago .
For many scenarios , however , I can see how for me it will be the device that will be “ just right ” where my phone is simply too small and my computer just too big .
Appliance computing is important and will open up simpler and more efficient ways to do the things most people want to do , without the complexity and pain of the PC .
It was not that long ago that a generation took shop class to understand how to maintain and repair their cars .
My first car was a manual shift that required far more training and practice to be proficient at .
While there are still many who desire to tinker with their cars and prefer the “ control ” of a manual vs. automatic transmission , the vast majority of consumers prefer the simplicity of the cars they drive and do n’t need or care to know how to tinker with them or fix them when they break .
Likewise , Apple ’s iPad bet is there are consumers looking for a better and easier computing experience and the iPad is the first device large enough and sufficiently optimized to offer them the functionality they need without the complexity that the PC carries as a burden .
Over time , expect to see more of this model from other vendors .
The PC will be around for a long time to come , but it may no longer be the computing model for the masses in the long run .
When Sysak commented on a particular beer ’s foam , color , aroma , taste or bitterness , guests within earshot took notes on clipboards and laptop computers .
Sysak , a Falstaffian character with a beard and easy smile , was the man of the hour at the private , invitation - only event sponsored by a group called Woodshop 5.0 and attended by more than 250 fussy connoisseurs , aficionados and fans of finely crafted beers from as far away as Denmark .
Throughout the 9 - hour event , he was urged to savor the scents and flavors of an array of lagers , ales and stouts , including some vintage styles more than 30 years old .
They were pouring 750 of the rarest and most high falutin’ designer beers in the world Saturday at Bravo Restaurant and Night Club in Anaheim , and certified cicerone William “ Dr. Bill ” Sysak had something to say about the finer points of each of them .
Sysak , the beverage supervisor at Stone Brewing World Bistro & Gardens in Escondido , had this to say about a style called J & J Rose from Belgium , which sells for $ 150 a bottle : “ Lemon , sharp , acidic at the front palate , ice - tea at the mid-palate and a champagne finish . ”
Then there was the potent , zesty dark brew made with coffee beans passed through the digestive systems of rare Indonesian Civet cats .
Sysak swirled a sample of that beer in a snifter , eyeballed the viscosity and sediment , took a sip , smiled and said to no one in particular , “ Think wine , rich coffee , 80 % dark chocolate , bourbon and vanilla . ”
Page Reilly , 23 , who markets beer for a San Francisco brewery , said , “ What Dr. Bill says , goes .
If I think a particular beer is bad or good , I like to share some with Dr. Bill to confirm my suspicions . ”
Sysak , 47 , figures he ’s tried more than 30,000 beers over the past 30 years -- not counting the roughly 200 beers he planned to taste at Saturday ’s event , which was scheduled to run from noon to 9 p.m .
Extending a glass of a Denmark beer called Olfabrikken Dekadence 2005 over the crowd gathered around Sysak , John Stern , a 28 - year - old graduate student at UC San Diego , said , “ Hey Dr. Bill , want some ? ”
“ Ahhh , ” Sysak said after swirling a mouthful .
“ Hint of oxidation , rum and winter fruit notes . ”
At 3 p.m. , after three hours of continual beer tasting , Sysak smiled and said , “ I ’m holding up pretty well . ”
-- Louis Sahagun
Photo : Certified beer guide William “ Dr. Bill ” Sysak sampling several styles of designer brew during at the 5th Annual Woodshop Tasting at Bravo Restaurant & Night Club in Anaheim .
Photo credit : Louis Sahagun / Los Angeles Times
Harvard Fellow calls for genocidal measure to curb Palestinian births
Report , The Electronic Intifada , 22 February 2010
A fellow at Harvard University ’s Weatherhead Center for International Affairs , Martin Kramer , has called for “ the West ” to take measures to curb the births of Palestinians , a proposal that appears to meet the international legal definition of a call for genocide .
Kramer , who is also a fellow at the influential Washington Institute for Near East Policy ( WINEP ) , made the call early this month in a speech at Israel ’s Herzliya conference , a video of which is posted on his blog ( “ Superfluous young men , ” 7 February 2010 ) .
In the speech Kramer rejected common views that Islamist “ radicalization ” is caused by US policies such as support for Israel , or propping up despotic dictatorships , and stated that it was inherent in the demography of Muslim societies such as Yemen , Iraq , Afghanistan and the Israeli - occupied Gaza Strip .
Too many children , he argued , leads to too many “ superfluous young men ” who then become violent radicals .
Kramer proposed that the number of Palestinian children born in the Gaza Strip should be deliberately curbed , and alleged that this would “ happen faster if the West stops providing pro-natal subsidies to Palestinians with refugee status . ”
Due to the Israeli blockade , the vast majority of Palestinians in Gaza are now dependent on UN food aid .
Neither the UN , nor any other agencies , provide Palestinians with specifically “ pro-natal subsidies . ”
Kramer appeared to be equating any humanitarian assistance at all with inducement for Palestinians to reproduce .
He added , “ Israel ’s present sanctions on Gaza have a political aim — undermine the Hamas regime — but if they also break Gaza ’s runaway population growth , and there is some evidence that they have , that might begin to crack the culture of martyrdom which demands a constant supply of superfluous young men . ”
This , he claimed , would be treating the issue of Islamic radicalization “ at its root . ”
The 1948 UN Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide , created in the wake of the Nazi holocaust , defines genocide to include measures “ intended to prevent births within ” a specific “ national , ethnic , racial or religious group . ”
The Weatherhead Center at Harvard describes itself as “ the largest international research center within Harvard University ’s Faculty of Arts and Sciences . ”
In addition to his positions at Harvard and WINEP , Kramer is “ president - designate ” of Shalem College in Jerusalem , a far - right Zionist institution that aspires to be the “ College of the Jewish People . ”
Pro-Israel speakers from the United States often participate in the the Herzliya conference , an influential annual gathering of Israel ’s political and military establishment .
This year ’s conference was also addressed by The New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman and , in a first for a Palestinian official , by Salam Fayyad , appointed prime minister of the Ramallah - based Palestinian Authority .
Kramer ’s call to prevent Palestinian births reflects a long - standing Israeli and Zionist concern about a so - called “ demographic threat ” to Israel , as Palestinians are on the verge of outnumbering Israeli Jews within Israel , and the occupied Palestinian territories combined .
Such extreme racist views have been aired at the Herzliya conference in the past .
In 2003 , for example , Dr. Yitzhak Ravid , an Israeli government armaments expert , called on Israel to “ implement a stringent policy of family planning in relation to its Muslim population , ” a reference to the 1.5 million Palestinian citizens of Israel .
Source
Ukraine election marks declining US influence in region
By Niall Green
21 January 2010
The humiliating defeat of incumbent Viktor Yushchenko in Sunday ’s Ukrainian presidential election represents a serious blow to the strategic interests of the US , which backed his coming to power through the “ Orange Revolution ” in 2004 .
Winning just 5 percent of the vote , the electorate issued a clear rejection of Yushchenko .
Having campaigned in 2004 on a platform of opposition to corruption and the domination of the country by oligarchic businessmen , his administration has since become synonymous with these very things .
The candidate with the most support in Sunday ’s poll was Viktor Yanukovich , the man Yushchenko defeated in a third round of voting in 2004 .
Winning 35 percent of the vote , Yanukovich will go forward to a second round run-off .
There he will face the second - place candidate , Yulia Timoshenko .
Currently serving as prime minister , Timoshenko garnered 25 percent of Sunday ’s ballots .
Reflecting widespread opposition to all the candidates , turnout fell to 67 percent of registered voters , down from 75 percent in the 2004 first round .
Almost one million ballots were marked “ against all ” or were spoiled .
The election results were a repudiation of the country ’s “ Orange Revolution , ” which was a de facto coup sponsored by Washington to replace one clique of oligarchs — those who maintained close relations with Russia — with another group — those beholden to US imperialism .
This was part of an aggressive strategy by Washington to weaken the power of Russia in the former Soviet region through backing a series of pro-US “ reform ” movements , including the “ Bulldozer Revolution ” in Serbia ( 2000 ) , the “ Rose Revolution ” in Georgia ( 2003 ) , and abortive attempts to foment regime change in Belarus .
In each of these countries , the US State Department and various Washington - based organizations with close connections to the government gave training and material support to opposition groups , particularly those based among student youth .
These groups , in turn , provided personnel for the campaigns of candidates — invariably former members of the regimes they sought to replace — who had been vetted and backed by the White House .
This attempt to create a “ New Europe , ” in the phrase of former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , of pro-US regimes in the former Soviet sphere was of a piece with Washington ’s wars in the Middle East and Central Asia , which are aimed at securing control over energy resources and transit routes at the expense of rivals , especially Russia .
The signature policy of Yushchenko , which has been rejected by large majorities in numerous polls , has been membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) .
He has also backed Washington ’s wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
In 2008 Yushchenko was a vocal supporter of Georgia ’s US - backed attack on the pro-Russian breakaway province of South Ossetia .
Yushchenko has presided over a sharp lowering of the living standards of the population , as jobs and wages have been cut as a result of the global recession .
Ukraine ’s gross domestic production fell by 15 percent in 2009 , as its financial system teetered on the brink of collapse and international orders for its industrial products plummeted .
Faced with insolvency , Ukraine was granted an emergency loan from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , the onerous conditions of which will ensure that workers are made to pay for the economic crisis .
While a leading figure in the “ Orange Revolution , ” second - place candidate Timoshenko had since become a bitter rival of Yushchenko , who dismissed her as prime minister in late 2005 .
The two renewed a tentative parliamentary alliance in 2007 , but remained in constant conflict , accusing each other of corruption , authoritarianism and treason .
Reflecting the interests of Ukrainian big business , which remains closely tied to Russia , especially in the energy sector , both Timoshenko and Yanukovich favor repairing relations with Moscow that were badly damaged by the Yushchenko presidency .
Both candidates have , in effect , the same policy against Ukrainian membership in NATO , with Yanukovich rejecting the idea outright and Timoshenko insisting that accession to the military alliance be subject to a referendum .
Third place candidate Sergiy Tigipko , who polled 13 percent , also favors rapprochement with Moscow .
Seen as closer to Yanukovich ’s circle but a possible ally of Timoshenko , the multi-millionaire could be a kingmaker in the second round of the election , scheduled to take place February 7 .
Timoshenko and Yanukovich also support closer relations with the European Union ( EU ) , which is now Ukraine ’s largest trading partner .
Germany , the largest economy in Europe , has tacitly opposed Ukraine ’s membership in NATO as too destabilizing to its growing economic and strategic relations with Russia .
The similarity of the policies of Timoshenko and Yanukovich towards Russia and NATO is a sharp departure from the 2004 campaign .
During the “ Orange Revolution ” Timoshenko frequently used anti-Russian rhetoric in an appeal to both Ukrainian chauvinism and Washington .
She maintained this line in a piece published in the May - June 2007 issue of the US journal Foreign Affairs , in which she urged the US and the EU to respond strongly to “ Russia ’s long - standing expansionism . ”
In 2008 , in a reflection of the declining position of US imperialism in the region , as well as the fact that Washington continued to back Yushchenko , Timoshenko performed an about turn and adopted a conciliatory attitude towards Moscow .
The debacle of the August 2008 war between Georgia and Russia expressed the limitations of US imperialism to the Ukrainian elite .
The overwhelming Russian military response to the Georgian attack on South Ossetia was a clear sign that Moscow would assert its interests in the former Soviet region regardless of the backing given to Tbilisi — or Kiev — by the United States .
The outgoing Bush administration issued bellicose statements condemning Russian “ aggression ” and sent a Navy detachment to the Georgian coast in order to deter further encroachment by Moscow into the country .
While there is newly released evidence that the White House had intended to take military action against Russia and only reversed course at the last minute , Washington ultimately failed to prevent a crushing defeat of its client regime in Tbilisi and a consolidation of the Kremlin ’s control over the breakaway Georgian provinces of South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
Unlike Yushchenko’s vociferous backing of Saakashvili , Timoshenko refused to condemn the Russian counterattack .
This silence reflected growing concerns within even the pro-Western section of the political establishment about siding decisively with Washington at the expense of relations with Moscow .
Timoshenko was rewarded for this the following year , when in January 2009 the Kremlin invited her to head talks with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , which brought an end to a major dispute between the two countries over payments and prices for natural gas that had cut off supplies to much of Central Europe .
Additionally , Timoshenko’s thinking has been affected by the world economic crisis and the ongoing military quagmires in Iraq and Afghanistan , both of which signify a further weakening in Washington ’s global position .
Yanukovich and Timoshenko remain bitter rivals despite the closeness of the two candidates in terms of foreign policy , and the fact that , whoever wins , the IMF and the EU will largely dictate domestic economic policy .
This reflects their personal interests , and those of the rival cliques of oligarchs around them .
While Yanukovich is a representative of industrialists based in the Donetsk region who benefited from sweetheart deals privatizing former Soviet enterprises in the 1990s , Timoshenko seeks to use the power of the state to wrest control of many of these businesses away from her rivals in order to resell them , to the benefit of her backers in Ukraine , as well as transnational companies — including sections of Russian capital .
With such stakes in play , and in preparation for a close race , both camps have accused each other of preparing electoral fraud .
Though Ukrainian and international monitors stated that the first round met acceptable election standards , Timoshenko accused her rival of preparing a “ monstrous ” vote - rigging scheme involving postal ballots in Donetsk .
For his part , Yanukovich suggested that the prime minister was attempting to influence the chairman of the electoral commission and use the interior ministry to rig the vote .
As in 2004 , both sides lack any serious attachment to democracy , a symptom of the vast social chasm that separates the Ukrainian elite from the broad mass of the population .
Get Active
Subscribe
Support Us URL : http://www.mapinc.org/drugnews/v10/n090/a10.html
Newshawk : DrugSense Mission Statement http://mapinc.org/url/jzi9cJZ9
Votes : 3
Webpage : http://www.drugsense.org/current.htm
Pubdate : Fri , 5 Feb 2010
Source : DrugSense Weekly ( DSW )
Section : Feature Article
Website : http://www.drugsense.org
Author : Mary Jane Borden
Note : Mary Jane Borden is writer , artist , drug policy reform activist , and regular voter from Westerville , Ohio .
She serves as Business Manager / Fundraising Specialist for DrugSense and as the Editor of Drug War Facts http://www.drugwarfacts.org
OPEN LETTER TO CHANGE.ORG
Dear Change.org ,
I recently received an e-mail from you announcing the launch of " Ideas for Change in America 2010 , " a campaign that seeks to " empower citizens to identify and build momentum behind the country 's best ideas for addressing the major challenges we face . "
This noble and worthy effort uses direct democracy to encourage the online audience to submit and vote for ideas .
Here is a snapshot of the campaign from http://www.change.org/ideas as of 4:30 pm on 2/4/2010 :
. Second Most Popular Idea Overall : Legalize Recreational Use of Marijuana ( 920 votes )
. Most Popular Category : Criminal Justice
. Top 10 Ideas within the Criminal Justice category : Legalize Recreational Use of Marijuana ; Legalize the Medicinal and Recreational Use of Marijuana ; Rehabilitation , not incarceration ; Legalize and tax marijuana ; Remove Marijuana From Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act ; Legalize Marijuana ; Reduce criminal recidivism ;
End the war on drugs ; End Marijuana Prohibition ; and Make Marijuana Legal .
" Marijuana " owned 7 of the top 10 Ideas in the above category with combined vote tallies over 2,500 and counting .
Of the 44 Ideas submitted in Criminal Justice that had more than 20 votes , 31 ( 70 % ) pertained in some way to marijuana .
These 31 also accounted for 80 % of the total votes in that category .
Add Ideas to generally change drug policy , and these percentages topped 90 % .
No other single idea captures more overall votes or consumes more of a single category than " Marijuana . "
Is the " online audience " trying to tell you something ?
Consider the following :
On Wednesday , January 27 , 2010 , CitizenTube streamed the State of the Union address live on its YouTube site and allowed viewers to submit and vote on questions to ask President Obama .
" Marijuana Legalization " outdistanced all other questions by a margin of more than 2 to 1 .
President Obama never had the opportunity to answer this most popular question - YouTube never asked it .
http://www.youtube.com/CitizenTube#p/c/EB843ABAF59735FD
In December 2009 , JP Morgan Chase & Co. organized a competition to award grants to 100 charitable organizations that received the most votes on Chase 's Facebook fan page .
Two drug- policy focused groups - Students for Sensible Drug Policy and the Marijuana Policy Project - were among the top vote getters , but Chase disqualified them from the final tally without explanation .
http://www.mapinc.org/drugnews/v09/n1131/a07.html
Shortly after the 2008 presidential election , the Obama Administration established " Open for Questions " on http://www.change.gov, which morphed into http://www.whitehouse.gov/openforquestions.
Three rounds of voting by over 200,000 people , who submitted over 150,000 questions and cast over 7 million votes , found " Legalizing Marijuana " in first place within each of the top five categories .
At his March 26 , 2009 press conference , President Obama addressed this phenomenal response by quipping , " I do n't know what this says about the online audience , " before dismissing the idea .
Do you see a pattern ?
As a Change.org member , I 'm dismayed that " Marijuana " ( medical , recreational , or hemp ) garners only a fraction of the coverage that a topic with its level of popularity should otherwise expect .
Even though " Marijuana " has received 80 % of the votes in your Criminal Justice category , few stories concerning it have appeared on Criminal Justice news or as Featured Ideas .
" Legalize Marijuana " is your third most popular petition with 16,000 signers .
Is n't that home page material ?
Change.org appears to endorse a free and fair voting process as reflected in the " Governmental Reform and Transparency " category .
It rightly decries bias against people of color , gays , and the homeless .
It embraces human rights .
Yet , these noble ideals become diminished by brushing aside the most popular issue .
I 'm pleased that corporations , non-profits , and governments are leveraging the power of the Internet 's online audience to engage in direct democracy .
In a democratic society , the will of the people should be the driving force .
Generally that will is made real by the most votes .
However , when the results are not fairly reported and implemented , campaigns like Ideas for Change and those of YouTube , Chase Bank , and the Obama Administration do little to foster public participation in the democratic process and much to further the public 's cynicism of it .
Speaking on behalf of the " online audience , " I wish for my voice to be heard - for it to sing as loudly as my worthy counterparts .
I 'm tired of being ignored , as if I 'll just disappear when I 'm not noticed .
Here 's an Idea !
Please accurately report and implement the results for the 2010 Ideas for Change in America .
Promote all Ideas equally .
Treat submitted Ideas with the respect they deserve , even the one that wins the competition , hands down .
Please note that this Idea is # 154 in the Government Reform and Transparency Category .
http://drugsense.org/url/NgppFWQ4
Sincerely ,
Mary Jane
Top Ideas for Change in America : http://www.change.org/ideas?order=top
Change.org 's Criminal Justice category : http://www.change.org/ideas/browse/criminal_justice
Submit your Idea for Change in America : http://www.change.org/ideas/post_idea
FAQ about Ideas for Change in America : http://www.change.org/ideas/faq
MAP posted - by : Richard Lake
Can wind turbines help to get the U.S. economy spinning again ?
The U.S. Department of Energy ( DoE ) is banking on the notion that they will at least help .
With the $ 36.7 billion it received from the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act last February , the agency is making historic investments in the energy industry .
Not all of the money is going into building better turbines , of course .
The agency is also putting big green toward a host of other emission - lowering projects , including better batteries ( $ 2 billion ) , geothermal technologies ( $ 400 million ) and carbon capture and storage ( $ 3.4 billion ) .
Whereas the largest chunk of change ( $ 16.8 billion ) is going to renewable energy and energy conservation , one of the smallest cuts of the DoE stimulus payout ( $ 1.6 billion ) is going toward scientific research .
In a congressional hearing on the DoE 's 2011 budget earlier this month , Energy Secretary Steven Chu noted that science , however , was a crucial part of future development : " With every initiative the department undertakes , sound science must be at the core . "
Regardless of where the contracts , grants and loan guarantees are heading , though , little of the economic juice has gotten out to jump - start the energy field — or job market .
Like many federal agencies , the DoE has yet to spend more than a small fraction ( about $ 2.1 billion , or 6 percent ) of its total allocation .
" Everywhere down the food chain we want this money out as fast as possible because it 's fundamentally jobs — as well as saving money faster , " Chu noted in the hearing with the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources .
" Many of these organizations are n't used to dealing with that magnitude of money or dealing with some of the federal rules , " he said of the local agencies charged with doling out much of the money , after expressing disappointment with the rate of disbursement .
" The public sector must invest in research and innovation not only because the private sector is sometimes reluctant to take large risks , but because the rewards will be broadly shared across the economy , " Chu noted in his formal testimony ( pdf ) .
In the year since the stimulus was passed , what has the DoE been doing to fulfill these charges ?
We spoke with Matt Rogers , the Energy Department 's senior advisor for Recovery Act implementation about the agency 's stimulus boost .
[ An edited transcript of the interview follows . ]
How significant was the amount of stimulus money for energy ?
The Recovery Act provided , overall across the federal government , about $ 80 billion .
It 's a very significant commitment to energy — and in particular to clean energy and R&D in terms of how we can accelerate commercial deployment .
For example , we have $ 3.2 billion for new battery factories in the U.S. Historically the deployment part has not been well funded .
In terms of renewable energy and energy conservation , what are you funding now , as opposed to a year ago , before the stimulus was signed ?
What we 're excited about is we 've been able to fund a portfolio of technologies that hold the potential to change the equation of energy technology .
We have really innovative proposals that we can take a relatively early technology and get out a 10 - fold efficiency increase .
Today a battery costs roughly $ 1,000 a kilowatt - hour .
When the new battery factories open in 2012 , we will be able to produce them for $ 500 a kilowatt - hour , with the eventual goal of reducing that to $ 100 a kilowatt - hour .
We 're doing the same thing in carbon capture and storage , and the same thing in some of the renewable areas — with some really innovative approaches to solar and some fascinating approaches to wind in terms of finding ways to make them smaller and more effective .
It 's being able to fund that portfolio that put us on a path to having renewables be cost - competitive with the grid .
By far the biggest chunk of stimulus funds is going to energy efficiency and renewable energy , and the smallest is going to advanced research .
How was this distribution decided ?
The big - bucket breakdowns were decided by Congress as part of the guidance given to DoE , so the $ 2.3 billion for electric batteries and electric transportation , all of that was really part of the design of the Recovery Act .
In the DoE we took those big buckets and turned them into 144 specific projects that we are going to fund and track .
Moving through the selection and evaluation process was a massive peer review project over the summer .
The Recovery Act money has made a big difference in the DoE 's budget .
How was all of that extra money handled ?
Just the sheer operational challenge was quite a significant task , so we , for example , had to get 4,500 reviewers involved in the process .
We wanted to make sure we increased the quality of the review pool at the same time so we get high - quality decisions coming out of that .
But it 's been good to really upgrade the qualities of our reviewing process .
Many federal agencies have so far spent a small fraction of allocated funds — in the DOE 's case , only about 6 percent .
What has been taking so long ?
Almost all of the $ 36.7 billion has recipients identified .
We have obligated $ 25.5 billion .
Once the recipient has the obligations , they are getting those funds under contract , and once they have spent the money , we reimburse them .
The important part we are seeing is getting a lot of these projects started .
For example , the Thomas Jefferson Lab is building a large continuous electron beam accelerator facility , and it has well over 60 percent of the project contracted out , but it does n't actually pay for that until the equipment has been delivered , installed and is working correctly .
When do you expect the majority of the money to have been spent ?
We 're expecting by the end of 2011 we 'll have 70 percent of it show up in the reimbursement column .
We 'll know better by the end of March .
What can be done to get the funds out faster ?
One of our key tasks right now is working with each of our participants to expedite their rate of spending .
Now , we 're working with more than 5,000 individual recipients .
Each one of them has their own spending challenges , but we share a goal of making sure we get the jobs working in the marketplace and get this research underway .
Do you have any concern about what happens to all of these projects when the stimulus money does come to an end ?
I think that what we 've done is make a down payment on accelerating the pace of technological innovation .
There are two components to what should happen next .
First , we need a set of long - term incentives in the marketplace .
The private sector needs clear market incentives to make those investments .
Second — and you can see the beginnings of this in our 2011 budget — is making sure that we continue to play the appropriate role , as the federal government , in each of these areas .
Then , I think this actually can become something that has real momentum .
If I look at the portfolio of innovation we 've been able to fund , I get really excited .
The Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority has paid more than $ 6 million over three years to compensate for injuries and deaths caused by buses and trains , records show .
Two cases in which buses made left turns and struck people in crosswalks accounted for more than half the payments -- $ 3.8 million .
And the payouts came as the financially struggling agency cut bus routes and raised fares to remain solvent .
What have the biggest accidents cost ?
The Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority has spent sums ranging from $ 300 to $ 2.15 million to settle lawsuits over the past three years .
Here is a breakdown of the biggest cases :
$ 2.15 million for a 2005 accident in which a bus making a left turn struck a woman in a crosswalk on East 13th Street .
The woman suffered a fractured skull and brain injury .
The bus driver was on probation at the time for talking on a cell phone while driving .
She had had two prior accidents over three years and was driving under a suspended license for not having insurance , according to court documents .
The driver was fired , and RTA settled the case in 2008 .
$ 1.8 million for a 2008 accident in which a bus making a left turn struck a man crossing West Prospect Avenue .
The man died three days later .
The bus driver was fired .
$ 200,000 for a 2006 accident in which a man claimed the side mirror of a bus nearly severed his raised left arm as he waited at a bus stop at East 93rd Street and Kinsman Road .
Court documents report that the man was drunk at the time .
An employee at a nearby gas station reported seeing the bus jump a curb and hit the man but did not call police .
Police and RTA found no evidence that the bus struck the man .
A consulting firm hired by RTA to investigate concluded that a bus mirror could not have clipped the man 's arm .
The firm reported that the man probably passed out in the street and a vehicle ran over his arm .
$ 185,000 for a 2006 accident in which a bus ran a red light and struck a woman crossing East Ninth Street .
The blow threw the woman 10 feet and shattered her femur .
The case file did not say whether the bus driver was disciplined .
$ 150,000 for a 2006 accident in which a bus making a left turn struck a bicyclist riding in a crosswalk on Payne Avenue .
The cyclist suffered fractures to his left leg that required plates and screws .
The bus driver was fired .
$ 109,800 for a 2003 accident in which a bus rear - ended a taxi stopped at a red light .
The taxi driver suffered injuries to his right shoulder , neck and upper back .
The bus driver remains with RTA .
$ 95,000 for a 2004 accident in which a train ran over and killed a vision - impaired man who either fell or was pushed off a rapid platform at the West Boulevard / Cudell station .
The train driver remains with RTA .
$ 92,000 for a 2004 accident in which a woman fell out of her wheelchair as the driver of a medical - transport bus turned right .
The woman broke a leg and injured her head .
RTA officials said the woman 's son , who rode along as an attendant , shared responsibility for the injuries .
The bus driver remains with RTA .
SOURCES : Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court records , RTA
" Accidents unfortunately are a function of the business we are in , " said Joe Calabrese , general manager of the taxpayer - subsidized transit agency .
" All we can do is hire the right people , train them the best we can and eliminate those who are not safe . "
RTA reports that its buses collectively travel about 70,000 miles a day and that drivers average one preventable accident for every 100,000 miles .
Officials say preventable accidents range from dinging an outside mirror to striking a pedestrian .
A Plain Dealer examination of more two dozen lawsuits settled by the RTA between 2007 and 2009 found many of the injuries involved passengers falling in aisles or off their seats as trains or buses made sudden stops and starts .
A majority of the cases cost the agency less than $ 10,000 , according to a list of payouts provided by RTA .
Accidents involving buses making left turns have been among the most deadly .
The October 2008 death of a man , who was struck while crossing West Prospect by a left - turning bus , prompted the agency to require additional driver training .
A " Left Turn Blitz " program emphasized pausing before turning and scanning curbs and crosswalks for pedestrians .
Another fatal left - turn accident in March 2009 resulted in another lawsuit and a vehicular manslaughter conviction for the driver , who was found to be using her cell phone at the time .
RTA also modified buses to beep every time a turn signal is activated .
Over the last three weeks , the agency has been installing a new voice alert system to replace the beeps .
When a driver makes a 45 - degree turn , a warning will be heard inside and outside the bus .
Many cases filed against RTA are dismissed with no money paid , said Sheryl King Benford , deputy general manager of RTA 's legal division .
RTA has insurance to cover injury lawsuits and worker 's compensation cases but keeps money in reserve to cover the $ 5 million deductible .
The agency transferred $ 2.9 million into the reserve fund in 2008 and $ 3.5 million in 2009 .
It expects to transfer $ 3.7 million this year .
And RTA is not always at fault in accidents .
The agency has collected a total of $ 716,335 in the last three years from insurance companies representing drivers whose vehicles caused damage to RTA property , Benford said .
Some people also falsely claim an injury , although that has decreased since cameras were installed on buses and trains , Calabrese said .
" It has n't happened here , but there have been instances in other cities where a bus with 12 passengers is in an accident and 19 people file claims , " he said .
Ahead of their big reveal at Toy Fair this weekend , Bif Bang Pow has given FRED readers an exclusive sneak peek at one of the prototypes for their upcoming line of VENTURE BROS .
toys .
You ’ll find another exclusive peek over at Jackson Publick ’s Livejournal .
So without further ado , here ’s your first look at Henchman 21 :
[ ad#contestbox ]
Comments :
It 's barely 2010 and already this year has exceeded my expectations : Wizards guard Gilbert Arenas reportedly drew a fucking gun on teammate Javaris Crittenton , who did likewise .
From the NY Post :
NBA all - star Gilbert Arenas and his Washington Wizards teammate Javaris Crittenton drew guns on each other in the team 's locker room during a Christmas Eve dispute over a gambling debt , The Post has learned .
It was the three - time all - star Arenas , 27 , who went for his gun first , sources said , drawing on the 22 - year - old Crittenton , who quickly brandished a firearm as well .
The duel in DC — unprecedented in sports history — was sparked when Crittenton became enraged at the veteran guard for refusing to make good on a gambling debt , a source said .
" I 'm not your punk ! " Crittenton shouted at Arenas , according to a league source close to the Wizards .
That prompted Arenas to draw on Crittenton , who then also grabbed for a gun , league security sources said .
A playground pal of Crittenton 's from Atlanta , Kendrick " Bookie Ball " Long , confirmed the locker - room standoff and said he learned of it directly from the third - year player out of Georgia Tech .
" He [ Arenas ] was fucking with him ; he [ Crittenton ] was just defending himself ! " declared Long , who said the dispute was over money but would not elaborate … .
Wizards General Manager Ernie Grunfeld declined to comment .
" It 's in the hands of [ Washington ] authorities , " said Grunfeld , a former star Knicks player and president .
" We 're going to get to the bottom of this , if there is a bottom to this … "
A top players - union official said he was shocked by the allegations .
" This is unprecedented in the history of sports , " said Player 's Association Executive Director Billy Hunter .
" I 've never heard of players pulling guns on each other in a locker room . "
The Republicans and their brethren on the right are in the final stages of desperation .
Yesterday , Mitch McConnell may have won the award for the most lies told in a single sentence :
“ This is how they ’ll try to keep their fingerprints off a bill that forces taxpayers to cover the cost of abortions , that cuts Medicare by half a trillion dollars , raises taxes by half a trillion dollars , raises insurance premiums , which creates a brand new government entitlement program at a time when the entitlement programs we have are on the verge of bankruptcy , and which vastly expands the cost and reach of the federal government in Washington at a time when most Americans think government is already too big .
Impressive .
Yesterday , I got an email from the Faith & Freedom Coaliton via the Washington Times that shows even more desperation .
The number of lies told in this single email are actually astounding , even measured with a Teabagger Yardstick .
Let ’s have a look .
Will you authorize me to put your name on a FaxGram to your Congressman demanding a “ NO ” vote on Obamacare ?
It ’s Dear Supporter of Freedom , Will you authorize me to put your name on a FaxGram to your Congressman demanding a “ NO ” vote on Obamacare ?
[ Click This Link to Authorize Delivery of Your FaxGram of Protest to Your Congressman ]
This vote is happening any day or hour now .
It is do or die for freedom ’s survival in America !
We are now at D - Day for Obamacare .
Will America become another failed Cuba - style Socialist state ?
Or will freedom and respect for Constitutional government make a comeback in America ?
The next few hours and days will answer that question .
Yes , it ’s do or die for freedom ’s survival !
It ’s D - Day for Obamacare !
We ’re at risk of becoming a failed Cuba - style Socialist state !
EVERYBODY FREAK OOOOOUUUUUUUUTTT !!!
But , wait !
There ’s more !
I am the Chairman of the Faith & Freedom Coalition– a new organization dedicated to lifting high the values that made America great .
We are mobilizing millions of Americans to OPPOSE and DEFEAT President Obama ’s far - Left agenda .
My name is Ralph Reed .
I am the Chairman of the Faith & Freedom Coalition – a new organization dedicated to lifting high the values that made America great .
We are mobilizing millions of Americans to OPPOSE and DEFEAT President Obama ’s far - Left agenda .
MISSION # 1 right now : Defeat Obamacare .
Over the next 2 days we are aiming to bury Congress with hundreds of thousands of FaxGrams of Protest against Obamacare .
If we can do that , I believe we still have a real chance to shock Congress with the intensity of public opposition to having government take over your health care . . . and to drive a stake through the heart of Obama - care and the Obama Presidency .
If we can defeat Obamacare now , that ’s effectively the end of Obama ’s presidency .
Ahh … there it is .
The “ Obama ’s Waterloo ” approach .
Now where have I heard that before …?
Continuing …
He will no longer be able to push through his Socialist Agenda .
The vote in the House right now is very close .
On the other hand , if President Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid manage to ram this disastrous government - run health care plan into law — that will set the stage for his remaking of America into his vision of a one - party , socialistic state .
Now is the time to act .
We must apply massive and overwhelming public pressure on Congress ( especially the House right now ) to REJECT Obamacare .
No matter how they try to dress it up , repackage it , or rebrand it , this is nothing short of Socialized Medicine .
You and I know that Obamacare really has nothing to do with fixing America ’s health care system .
It ’s all about government bureaucrats seizing control of your life in a scheme so frightening it could only have been dreamed up by the radical Left .
OMFG !!!
A “ scheme so frightening ” that only the radical Left could dream it up ?
Seriously ?!
It ’s THAT bad ?
Good God , what could this be ?
Here ’s what :
seizing control over the decision as to whether you or your loved ones receive life - saving medical treatment or not ?
What better way to seize control over your life than Do you think your political affiliation might eventually play into the decision on whether you get the life - saving medical treatment you need ?
Do you think radicals like Van Jones and other far - Left activists will burrow their way into the federal health care bureaucracy , rewarding their friends , while people like you end up in the back of the line ?
That ’s what usually always happens when politicians are in charge of anything .
They use their power to reward their friends and punish their foes .
Why should health care be any different ?
Most of the problems with America ’s health care system are caused by government .
Holy crap !
They ’re going to withhold medical treatment from Republicans !
And from white people !
White Republicans will be PUNISHED for being white and Republican !!!
And now the ugly truth comes out : the problems with our health care system have nothing to do with the fact that insurance is dispensed by giant , for - profit corporations who benefit from denying care to the people who need it most .
It ’s because of GOVERNMENT !!!
But they have ideas .
They have solutions .
Allow citizens to take their health insurance with them if they change jobs .
End frivolous lawsuits against doctors by requiring losers in suits to pay all legal costs and cap “ jackpot ” awards .
Allow citizens to buy health insurance across state lines ( to create more competition between insurance companies by giving more choices to citizens ) .
Make all health insurance and medical costs tax - deductible to individuals .
Expand Health Savings Account IRAs .
Make it illegal for insurance companies to drop you if you get sick .
We could easily bring down the cost of health care in America by making a few simple reforms — reforms Obama and the Left oppose .
For example . . .
Oh my God !
Why did n’t Congressional Dems think of putting these things in their bill ?
What ?
You say they DID put these things in their bill ?
Sshhhhh !!!
Do n’t tell anyone , that would ruin our meme !
Obamacare is about one thing — controlling your life and bringing Socialism to America .
But Obamacare is not about making health care more affordable .
And that ’s why Faith & Freedom Coalition has launched this Emergency Campaign to bury Congress with hundreds of thousands of FaxGrams over the next 3 days .
Our goal :
To shock Congress into abandoning Obamacare ( which will also effectively end the Obama Presidency and save freedom in America ) .
Will you give me permission to put your name on FaxGrams to your Congressman and two U.S. Senators saying “ NO ” to Obamacare ?
And when you complete your FaxGram Authorization Form , I hope you will also include the best donation you can .
This FaxGram campaign is costly .
And we ’re trying to generate 300,000 FaxGrams to Congress in the next three days !
I do n’t know if that ’s even possible , but we are sure going to try .
Obama will stop at nothing to bring Socialism to America .
And we will do everything in our power to stop him .
But we need your help right now .
We urgently need every conservative and every American who reads this letter to contribute what you can .
If you can send $ 25 , that would be great — and would help us generate and deliver five more FaxGrams of Protest to Congress .
If you can send $ 50 , that ’s even better . . . and would help us generate and deliver 10 more FaxGrams of Protest to Congress .
If you are blessed to be in a position to send $ 100 or even more , what a godsend that would be for rescuing liberty in America !
I will be so thankful for whatever you can donate .
Every dollar you contribute will be used today to generate and deliver more FaxGrams of Protest to Congress today demanding a “ NO ” vote on Obamacare and a “ NO ” vote on Obama ’s Socialist Agenda for America .
Thank you for reading my letter .
I will anxiously look for the arrival of your FaxGram Authorization to arrive in the next few minutes along with your best donation of support so we can drive a stake through the heart of Obamacare and President Obama ’s Socialist Agenda for America .
Sincerely , Ralph Reed
Founder and Chairman
Faith & Freedom Coalition
And with that , we learn the real reason behind this email : to raise money for Faith & Freedom Coalition .
Nothing more .
It ’s a crass attempt to freak out people so much that they open their bank accounts and pour money into the coffers of this offensive organization .
It ’s funny actually .
This thing is so far from being socialize medicine that it ’s disappointing to many on the left .
But here they are claiming that it IS socialized medicine .
[ Sigh … ]
Ironically , one of the Guiding Principles on their webpage is . . . wait for it . . .
Help the poor , the needy , and those who have been left behind .
I ’m totally not kidding .
It ’s a major league panic by Republicans and the forces on the left and , at this point , they can do absolutely nothing to roll back the tide .
Health insurance reform will pass and it ’s not going to end the world .
And , guess what ?
When the world does n’t end and more people are covered and taxes on individuals and small businesses remain low and the economy continues to improve and people ’s basic civil rights remain intact and the thumb of Big Socialism does n’t oppress the Common Man , it will be Republicans who end up looking foolish and obstructionist to voters and Democrats who look sane and thoughtful .
And that will NOT hurt Democrats at the polls .
I ’m just sayin ’ …
Skip to comments .
A doctor 's perpective of Obamacare - Healthcare delivery bankruptcy Please read
Real Life | schwingdoc
Posted on by schwingdoc
I have been a doctor for 19 years .
4 years in the Army and 15 years in private practice .
I belong to a doctor owned group of approx 350 doctors in a multi-specialty practice .
We employ 4000 people .
In addition to being touted as one of the very best clinics in the nation ( Acclaim Award winners ) we have donated over a million dollars to the local city in grants , scholarships and charity .
Regularly voted as top places to work by our employees .
US healthcare at its very best .
I am very proud of what we do and we provide tremendous care and value to our patients .
We seek to maintain a 3 - 5 % profit margin annually .
We operate in the very precarious business model of enormous volume , low margin .
As any business owner knows , this is high - risk - low - margin of error model .
Consequently any small changes to cash flow vectors , mandates widespread internal policy and practice corrections .
Tiny changes = massive consequences .
As many people may know , Medicare and Medicaid , the current government paid ' insurer ' - pays approximately 70 % of the cost of care .
ie its more expensive for doctors to care for these patients than we get reimbursed for .
Say you are a contractor .
Imagine the government mandating a significant number of your jobs whereby your out of pocket costs are ~ 30 % + greater than your income .
That is Medicare and Medicaid .
In perspective , our group alone , year 2008 lost ~ $ 12 million caring for our government patients .
This is despite taking over 1 1/ 2 years to help move our fee - for - service traditional Medicare patients over to Medicare Advantage plans , which are privatized versions of Medicare that reimburse better ... still not covering costs ... but lessen our losses significantly .
Many people ask , why do private health insurance premiums continue to escalate ?
The liberals want you to believe its a combination of profiteering and waste .
When in fact its due mainly to two other processes .
The first is obvious : every year it costs more to care for patients and premiums are trying to keep up with this rising cost .
But secondly , and less often discussed , is that every year private delivery systems lose more and more money caring for our government patients .
Someone has to make up for these losses in order for your hospitals , clinics , nursing homes , pharmacies , group practices to remain solvent and profitable .
Every year these delivery systems open their books to the private healthcare insurers - and the insurers must - they must in order for the entire system at large to stay functional , increase the amount they pay out to cover these losses .
If they dont , both the delivery systems and the insurers die .
So to keep the boat afloat , the payouts by private insurers MUST increase to subsidize the ever increasing losses doctors incur by taking care of our government patients .
So , in a way , you could say that your increasing premiums are a tax that you are paying to cover the losses that are Medicare and Medicaid .
It 's a clear and inarguable private subsidation of government cost .
Enough said on that .
So to really feel the consequence and full impact of Obamacare , one must simply see the economic dominos .
Most people can see how this bill will rapidly reduce private insurance plans and rapidly expand government plan patients .
And take whatever number that is being reported , and multiply that by 3 .
That has been the experience in both Mass and Hawaii .
Both government plans were overwhelmed with the enrollees as they significantly underestimated the government migration .
Ok , so now - how can anyone not see the obvious outcome ?
Government patients = significant loss of profitability .
Initally the private insurers will do their best to continue to subsidize this loss , and there will be a huge escalation of premiums .
But within a few months this will be unsustainable .
Its a cycle that can not be stopped .
Higher premiums = higher recidivism to governmnet plans = higher premiums etc .
Within months , every single hospital , every single doctor office , clinic , nursing home , pharmacy - every delivery system reliant on private insurers will no longer be profitable .
ie they will go bankrupt .
These will most certainly be the headlines to come : Hospital XYZ shockingly announces bankruptcy ; Hospitals can no longer remain open ; Clinics across the country file for bankruptcy ; Loss of Pharmacy access shocks the Nation ; Doctors going bankrupt en masse creating healthcare delivery and access to care crises ;
Where can you go to get care ? ;
Loss of access reported Nationwide
Yes a crises .
A crises of access due to widespread business failure .
You will not be able to get care for as long as it takes for the government to devise their emergency bailout package and as long as it takes for those insufficient dollars to try and get those doors back open again .
But it will be too late , and it will be too expensive .
There is absolutely no way that our government can capitalize our entire healthcare system .
Try as they might , only a percentage of what we have now will ultimately survive .
And those that do survive will be a shell of what they once were .
The conditions will be frightening , and the consequnces will be dire .
The degree of disarray will be unimaginable and the underlap in access to care will be gaping .
I will not expand this discussion to predict what this means to our economy at large because I am not an economist .
But anyone can be close to predicting what I am suggesting .
Factors such as loss of work hours due to illnesses not treated , pressure on all the other private business models ; let alone the out and out loss of enourmous capital via the bankruptcy of this entire healthcare industry can clearly be the death nail to our country and imo is a clear and present threat to our very sovereignty .
This can make the housing collapse look like a speed bump .
This will be massive and rapid and lethal and complete .
I am not certain why this very obvious outcome has not been openly discussed momre often - ie the rapid and massive bankruptcy of all of your health care providers and their delivery systems .
But this is the inevitable outcome should this bill ever become law and inplemented .
Thanks for reading .
Please ping , copy and email your friends and try and get this word out .
I know it 's a very late hour - but I do think the implementation is not an inevitability as multiple lawsuits may keep it on hold for a while - so public opinion will still be vital for many more months to come .
Unbelievable times .
Please do your part and email and make the phone calls .
This plea comes an honest and heartfelt love of our country and its citizens , and an honest and heartfelt love of my profession , avocation and the welfare of my patients .
TOPICS :
Business / Economy
Constitution / Conservatism
Culture / Society
Government
Miscellaneous
KEYWORDS :
111th
bankruptcy
bhohealthcare
bloggersandpersonal
deathpanel
doctors
healthcare
obamacare
romney
romneycare
socializedmedicine
vanity
To : schwingdoc
Makes very valid and extremely scary points .
Is this the crisis ?
To : schwingdoc
Bump .
To : TigersEye
interesting
by 4 posted onby pandoraou812 ( timendi causa est nescire )
To : schwingdoc
Thank you .
To : schwingdoc
Bump for later reading and posting elsewhere ...
To : schwingdoc
bttt
To : The Chief
When people realize that we have been subjected to one after another manufactured crisis they ARE NOT going to be very happy at all !
To : schwingdoc
Excellent , my brother .
Says it all .
Wish I wrote it .
by 9 posted onby Jim Noble ( Let tyrants shake their iron rod , and slavery clank her galling chains )
To : schwingdoc
Your analysis is as cogent , as predictive , as anything I have read these several months .
And I have gone back to read your previous posts .
In a word , thank you , Doc , for all that you bring to this national discussion .
I will send your post wherever I can .
To : schwingdoc
And , entirely apart from the destruction of everything we have worked our whole lives for ( I just passed the point of doing this for half of my life ) - to have a Congress capable of such a work of destruction is so revolutionary !
Usually they can skate past the destructive effects of what they have done .
Not this time .
by 11 posted onby Jim Noble ( Let tyrants shake their iron rod , and slavery clank her galling chains )
To : schwingdoc
This govt takover of so much of the US economy ( artificial , unsustainable ecomomy ) should finally topple our country into martial law and a police state .
No elections , massive layoffs of govt workers that maintain the public infrastructure , empty professional and commercial real estate , empty homes as we move into cheap apartments and tents , no proper refuse handlling , widespread preventable illness , then desease ... Well done , socialists .
Funny thing is , most of the voters that put these representatives that are trying to execute this govt takover into office are not really evil , just incredibly igonorant .
To : schwingdoc
Most of what you stated above was so obvious to most members of this website it does not need to be rehashed .
Some of us were warning of the dire consequences of government involvement in healthcare via the case of Terri Schiavo .
Perhaps you remember her government court ordered “ murder / execution ” via forced starvation and dehydration ?
If anyone but “ the government ” did that to a death row inmate , a POW , or a stray dog or cat , they would have been charged with any number of “ inhumane ” anti-cruelety laws .
Lots of us folks with no monetary interest , fought hard to save her , and we lost .
I see you logged on here well after her death .
Just curious ... what was your stand in her case ?
Obviously you do n't have to answer me .
Hopefully you will start thinking about it .
Her palliative health care expenses was supposed to have been “ fully paid for ” in advance , yet our entire health provider industry seemed almost to be frothing at the mouth , in thirsting for her death .
Pardon me if I have judged you as just some idiot , who only now that your own personal income is at risk , partially understands what is at stake with even more government control of healthcare .
by 13 posted onby sarasmom ( No incumbent re-elected , at any level of government office . ( Period ) )
To : schwingdoc
“ So to keep the boat afloat , the payouts by private insurers MUST increase to subsidize the ever increasing losses doctors incur by taking care of our government patients . ”
About 15 years ago I had some surgery .
I exclaimed to the Doc on how expensive it was .
I guess this would have been right around the time of “ Hillary Care ” .
He told me “ the U.S. already has socialized medicine ” .
Then went on to say the things in your post .
I forget the actual numbers , but he said my minor surgery , which cost me ( and my Insurance company ) about $ 4,000 - was really worth about $ 2,000 .
Just imagine what it will be after Obamacare .
Except the doctors wo n’t get paid more .
So why bother .
Luckily the government will be there to solve the crisis .
Probably using the General Motors plan .
by 14 posted onby 21 twelve ( Having the Democrats in control is like a never - ending game of Calvin ball .
( Giotto ) )
To : schwingdoc
I ’ve tweeted it out — begging people to read it .
Thank you .
I completely agree with your assessment .
I have such respect for doctors still working in the current environment , and you do not deserve a dramatic DOWNTURN in remuneration : you deserve an UPTURN , where the good docs can be plenty rewarded , and the not - so - good are left out .
We need more of the real market in health care .
More paying directly .
To : schwingdoc
We are governed by economic morons .
Until that changes , not much else will .
To : schwingdoc
I just have to ask you to explain one sentence that underscores your entire argument here : “ Most people can see how this bill will rapidly reduce private insurance plans and rapidly expand government plan patients . ”
How exactly do the current house and senate bills do this ?
The current and future uninsured will be purchasing private insurance via exchanges and these premiums will be subsidized by our tax dollars ... but it is still private insurance ( which will be expanded ) .
There is no public option or new government run insurance plan .
Yes , Medicaid will be expanded to cover those at 133 % of the poverty line but that is n’t a very big percentage of the uninsured .
Those poorer are already on Medicaid .
Mandating the uninsured to purchase private insurance with subsidies will actually expand greatly the private insurance market by forcing millions of new customers to into the private insurance market and increase the risk pool as a whole and therefore strengthen private insurance from a financial standpoint .
Yes , those making over $ 250,000 will take it in the gut with a .9 % increase in their medicare tax on their paychecks and investments under either of the bills considered but I do n’t quite see how “ government patients ” will increase as a result of this plan .
Government patients WILL increase due to a vast increase in Medicare patients ( baby boomers ) about to hit the government dole and / or a further increase in unemployment due to national and global economic conditions which results in more Medicaid patients .
But neither of those scenarios have anything to do with the bills being considered by either the house or senate .... at least directly .
Is there a new government insurance plan that I am not aware of in the bills ?
To : jackmercer
I just have to ask you to explain one sentence that underscores your entire argument here :  Most people can see how this bill will rapidly reduce private insurance plans and rapidly expand government plan patients .
The system runs on such narrow margins that even a 5 % increase in Medicaid will be rapidly fatal .
And even before that , any responsible insurance company board will shut down their about to be company - destroying health insurance subsidiary .
These shell " health insurers " wo n't last 60 days .
by 18 posted onby Jim Noble ( Let tyrants shake their iron rod , and slavery clank her galling chains )
To : schwingdoc
VOTER
Read this later after coffee ! ! ! ! !
by 19 posted onby DeaconRed ( B.O. Stinks : Do n't Blame Me-------- I Voted for the Wrinkley Old White RINO - - - - - - - - - - -)
To : Jim Noble
“ The system runs on such narrow margins that even a 5 % increase in Medicaid will be rapidly fatal . ”
Physicians and medical groups can reject medicare patients can they not ?
Also , to what economic data are you referring to conclude that a 5 % increase in Medicaid patients would be rapidly fatal ?
We have had bigger jumps than that in the recent past without practice fatalities .
I am not saying that this is n’t a backdoor to single payer healthcare or “ medicare for all ” by crashing the private industry , which I actually think Obama wants to do , I am just trying to figure out how he ’s gonna do it .
There will certainly be new regulations in place such as no lifetime caps on insurance and no denial of pre-existing conditions but I am still trying to understand how these bills are going to hurt the private insurance market by forcing 30 million new customers to buy from them .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Introduction
A large variety of ORM object relational mapping tools exist for use with developing C# ASP .NET web applications .
Some of the more popular ORM tools include LINQ to SQL , the Entity Framework , and NHibernate .
While previous articles have discussed developing web applications with LINQ to SQL and the Entity Framework through the usage of the business object generator , Linquify , in this tutorial , we ’ll focus on implementing the repository pattern for an NHibernate web application .
Repository Pattern vs Business Objects
Before discussing the details of implementing the repository pattern with NHibernate , it ’s important to note the difference between the repository model of data storage versus the business object model .
The repository model consists of an individual class which accepts and returns type objects , including NHibernate DTO types , to store and retrieve in the database .
The repository itself contains all methods and code for working directly with NHibernate .
The business object model provides database storage and retrieval methods directly on each NHibernate type , usually via inheritance .
A brief example highlights the core differences as shown below .
The Repository Model
The NHibernate ORM repository model provides a repository class , which handles all method calls for saving and loading NHibernate types in the database .
An example of calling the repository class appears as follows :
1 2 3 4 5 6 Repository repository = new Repository ( ) Person person = new Person ( ) person .
Name = " John Doe " repository .
Save ( person )
Notice in the above code , we ’ve instantiated a Person class , populated its values , and then passed the person to the repository for saving .
In this case , the Person class is a strict DTO data transfer object and contains no data access methods .
All NHibernate types in this scenario would be passed to the repository to execute NHibernate database methods .
The Business Object Model
The NHibernate business object model provides methods on each NHibernate type for saving and loading in the database .
An example of calling the NHibernate methods on a business object type appears as follows :
1 2 3 Person person = new Person ( ) ; person .
Name = " John Doe " ; person .
Save ( ) ;
Notice in the above code , we ’ve instantiated a Person class , just as we did with the repository model .
However , since each NHibernate type contains the necessary NHibernate method calls , we no longer need a repository class .
We can directly call NHibernate methods from each type , such as person .
Save ( ) , person .
Delete ( ) , person .
Find( ) , etc .
In this model , each NHibernate type can inherit from a business class base type , which provides the required methods .
Taking the Repository One Step Further
One drawback to the Business Object model is the lack of sharing support for database connections ( NHibernate session ) and transactions .
Since each NHibernate type in the business object model has their own copy of NHibernate methods , it may be more cumbersome to share the NHibernate session and transaction between types .
We can resolve this with the repository model , allowing us to utilize a transaction enabled repository pattern as shown in the following example .
A Transaction Enabled Repository Pattern
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 using ( Repository Base repository = new RepositoryBase ( ) ) { try { repository .
BeginTransaction ( ) ; Person person = ( Person ) repository .
GetById ( typeof ( Person ) , 12 ) ; person .
Age += 1 ; repository .
Save ( person ) ; } catch { repository .
RollbackTransaction ( ) ; } }
Notice in the above code , we ’ve instantiated an NHibernate repository pattern within a “ using ” clause .
This allows us to automatically dispose of the repository once we ’ve completed our processing .
As you ’ll see below , our repository ’s Dispose ( ) method , flushes the NHibernate session , commits transactions , closes the session , and handles cleaning .
As you can tell , the repository pattern really speeds up the integration of NHibernate ’s methods with our C# ASP .NET web applications .
The above code is using an NHibernate transaction via the repository pattern , but using a transaction is optional .
You could leave out the transaction commands , in which case NHibernate ’s standard session will be used .
Let ’s move on to implementing the NHibernate Repository Pattern in C# .
The Repository Interface
To begin the repository pattern , we ’ll start with an interface .
By providing an interface for the repository pattern to implement , we setup the core framework for the repository design pattern , which can be utilized by a business class layer , along with test driven development or other types of repositories .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 public interface IRepository { void Save ( object obj ) ; void Delete ( object obj ) ; object GetById ( Type objType , object objId ) ; IQueryable < TEntity > ToList < TEntity >( ) ; }
Our repository interface is fairly simple .
It contains four basic methods for saving , deleting , loading , and listing NHibernate entities .
The NHibernate SessionFactory Manager
Before implementing the IRepository interface , we ’ll need a utility class to help manage the NHibernate SessionFactory .
Since the SessionFactory can utilize a degree of resources , we ’ll want to make the manager class static , allowing our repository to utilize the session as required , without having to recreate it each time .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 using NHibernate ; using NHibernate .
Cfg ; public static class Database { private static ISession Factory _sessionFactory ; private static ISession Factory SessionFactory { get { if ( _session Factory == null ) { var configuration = new Configuration ( ) ; configuration .
Configure ( ) ; configuration .
AddAssembly ( " NHibernateTest. Types " ) ; _sessionFactory = configuration.BuildSessionFactory ( ) ; } return _sessionFactory ; } } public static ISession OpenSession ( ) { return SessionFactory .
OpenSession ( ) ; } }
The above Database class is a generic NHibernate SessionFactory manager , allowing us access to the session by calling the OpenSession ( ) method .
The method calls the NHibernate OpenSession ( ) method on the static Session Factory object , returning a valid NHibernate session .
Note , the “ NhibernateTest . Types ” is the name of your DTO types assembly where you ’ve defined the NHibernate types and XML files ( *.hbm.xml ) .
The Repository Class
The repository class is where the NHibernate method handling is provided .
NHibernate DTO types will be passed into this class for data storage or retrieval .
We implement the class , based upon the repository interface , as follows :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 using NHibernate ; using NHibernate .
Linq ; public class RepositoryBase : IRepository , IDisposable { protected ISession _ session = null ; protected ITransaction _ transaction = null ; public RepositoryBase ( ) { _ session = Database .
OpenSession ( ) ; } public Repository Base ( ISession session ) { _ session = session ; } public void BeginTransaction ( ) { _ transaction = _ session .
BeginTransaction ( ) ; } public void CommitTransaction ( ) { _ transaction .
Commit( ) ; CloseTransaction ( ) ; } public void RollbackTransaction ( ) { _ transaction .
Rollback ( ) ; CloseTransaction ( ) ; CloseSession ( ) ; } private void CloseTransaction ( ) { _ transaction .
Dispose ( ) ; _ transaction = null ; } private void CloseSession ( ) { _ session .
Close ( ) ; _ session .
Dispose ( ) ; _ session = null ; } public virtual void Save ( object obj ) { _ session .
SaveOrUpdate ( obj ) ; } public virtual void Delete ( object obj ) { _ session .
Delete ( obj ) ; } public virtual object GetById ( Type objType , object objId ) { return _ session .
Load ( objType , objId ) ; } public virtual IQueryable < TEntity > ToList < TEntity >( ) { return ( from entity in _ session .
Linq < TEntity >( ) select entity ) ; } public void Dispose ( ) { if ( _ transaction != null ) { CommitTransaction ( ) ; } if ( _ session != null ) { _ session .
Flush ( ) ; CloseSession ( ) ; } } }
The first item to note is that the repository implements our IRepository interface , which provides the basic Save , Load , Delete , List methods .
It also implements the IDisposable interface , which is key to allowing us to use the “ using ” clause with our repository for easy clean up and maintenance of NHibernate database connections .
We utilize two private members in our repository class .
One member for managing the NHibernate session and another member for managing an NHibernate transaction .
The constructor of our class initializes the NHibernate session .
You can create a new NHibernate session by using the empty constructor or pass in an existing session to re-use the same NHibernate context and connection .
To utilize transactions with our repository class , we provide the BeginTransaction ( ) , CommitTransaction ( ) , and RollbackTransaction ( ) methods .
Note , with the default implementation above , CommitTransaction ( ) will be called automatically in the Dispose ( ) method .
For those who wish to cancel a transaction by default , rather than committing , you can remove the call to CommitTransaction ( ) in the Dispose ( ) method , as commented in the code .
The remainder of the functions for saving , loading , listing , etc call the standard NHibernate methods along with the NHibernate DTO types .
The methods are designed to be generic , accepting any variety of DTO objects .
Note , the ToList ( ) method returns an IQueryable interface , in order to provide LINQ style manipulation of data prior to SQL query execution , so the NHibernate LINQ reference will be needed .
In addition , you could add query functions to the repository .
The final item of note in the NHibernate Repository Pattern is the Dispose ( ) method .
This method first checks if a transaction is being used , and if so , commits the transaction by default .
It then flushes the session , committing any remaining queries , closes the session , and disposes of the session and remaining objects .
By utilizing the repository pattern within a “ using ” clause , this happens automatically .
Calling the NHibernate Repository Pattern
With the repository pattern defined , we can utilize it as shown below .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 using ( Repository Base repository = new Repository Base ( ) ) { try { repository .
BeginTransaction ( ) ; Person person = ( Person ) repository .
GetById(typeof( Person ) , 12 ) person .
Age += 1 Address address = ( Address ) repository .
GetById(typeof( Address ) , " New York " ) person .
Address = address ; repository .
Save ( person ) } catch { repository .
RollbackTransaction ( ) } }
The NHibernate repository can also be used with a shared session , across multiple classes in the C# ASP .NET web application as follows :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ISession mySession = Database.OpenSession ( ) ; using ( Repository Base repository = new Repository Base ( mySession ) ) { ... }
Test Driven Development TDD Repository Pattern
Since we ’ve defined a repository interface , we have the flexibility to create multiple repositories , such as a test repository to work with test driven development .
Note , for simplicity in the article , we ’ve focused strictly on the NHibernate repository pattern , but we ’ve left out an important logical piece of the repository pattern , which is the implementation of a business layer that would receive the concrete repository type and return objects from .
The business layer would accept an IRepository type , allowing us to pass any implementation of the repository .
For more details on implementing the repository pattern , view Implementing the Repository Pattern .
A Test Repository Class
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 public class RepositoryTest : IRepository #region IRepository Members public void Save ( object obj ) { //
Assume save success .
} public void Delete ( object obj ) // Assume delete success .
} public object GetById ( Type objType , object objId ) // Get it's constructor ConstructorInfo constructor = objType.GetConstructor( new Type [ ] { } ) ; object createdObject = constructor .
Invoke ( null ) ; return createdObject ; } public IQueryable < TEntity > ToList < TEntity >() List < TEntity > resultList = new List < TEntity >( ) ; Type objType = typeof ( TEntity ) ; // Get it's constructor ConstructorInfo constructor = objType.GetConstructor( new Type [ ] { } ) ; object createdObject = constructor .
Invoke ( null ) ; resultList .
Add(( TEntity ) createdObject ) ; return resultList . AsQueryable ( ) ; } #endregion }
In the above code for a test repository , we ’ve implemented the IRepository interface , and provided bodies for the Save , Delete , Load , and List methods .
Save and Delete simply assume a successful result .
Load instantiates the passed - in object and returns it , simulating a load from the database .
ToList functions in a similar manner and instantiates a single passed - in object type and adds it to the list of entities to be returned , simulating a List from the database .
We can then use the two repositories as follows :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 IRepository repository = new RepositoryBase ( ) ; Person person = ( Person ) repository .
GetById ( typeof ( Person ) , 12 ) ; person .
Age += 1 ; Address address = ( Address ) repository .
GetById ( typeof ( Address ) , " New York " ) ; person .
Address = address ; repository .
Save ( person ) ;
The above example would save to the actual database via NHibernate .
We can also implement the test repository to simulate saving to the database ( for unit testing logic without affecting the database ) , as follows :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 IRepository repository = new RepositoryTest ( ) ; Person person = ( Person ) repository .
GetById ( typeof ( Person ) , 12 ) ; person .
Age += 1 ; Address address = ( Address ) repository .
GetById ( typeof ( Address ) , " New York " ) ; person .
Address = address ; repository .
Save ( person ) ;
The only required change in these two examples is the instantiation of Repository Base ( ) or RepositoryTest ( ) .
You can find more detail about implementing multiple repository patterns and advanced techniques of implementing the concrete classes via reflection in the article Implementing the Repository Pattern .
The Business Object Model Revealed
Since we ’ve discussed the NHibernate business object model and compared it to the repository pattern , it would only be fair to provide an implementation as well .
The business object model allows calling each of the NHibernate method functions directly on the DTO objects .
We can implement a start of the business object model as follows :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 using NHibernate ; public abstract class BusinessBaseType< TEntity > where TEntity : class , new ( ) { protected BusinessBaseType ( ) { } public TEntity Load( object pk ) { using ( ISession session = Database .
OpenSession ( ) ) { return ( TEntity ) session . Load( typeof ( TEntity ) , pk ) ; } } public void Delete ( object pk ) { using ( ISession session = Database .
OpenSession ( ) ) { using ( ITransaction transaction = session .
BeginTransaction ( ) ) { session .
Delete ( pk ) ; transaction .
Commit( ) ; } } } public void Save ( object obj ) { using ( ISession session = Database .
OpenSession ( ) ) { using ( ITransaction transaction = session .
BeginTransaction ( ) ) { session .
SaveOrUpdate ( obj ) ; transaction .
Commit( ) ; } } } public List < TEntity > ToList ( ) { List < TEntity > resultList = new List < TEntity >( ) ; using ( ISession session = Database .
OpenSession ( ) ) { var objects = session .
CreateCriteria( typeof ( TEntity ) ) . List ( ) ; foreach ( object obj in objects ) { resultList .
Add(( TEntity ) obj ) ; } } return resultList ; } }
Note in the above code , we ’ve defined a C# generic business base class , which all NHibernate DTO classes would inherit from , providing the data access methods to each type .
The methods of the business base class are also defined as generic in order to work with any DTO type .
While sessions and transactions are not sharable between classes by the client , this business class could be extended to provide this functionality .
To utilize the business object model , you would define your NHibernate DTO types to inherit from the base class as follows :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 public class Person : BusinessBaseType < Person > { public int Person
Id { get ; set ; } public string Name { get ; set ; } ... ... }
Conclusion
NHibernate provides a complete set of data access methods for working with database functionality in C# ASP .NET web applications .
The flexibility of the repository pattern , when used with NHibernate , provides a clean data access layer for integration in applications , with the ability to support transaction and database session management .
By implementing a repository pattern or business object model in conjunction with NHibernate DTO types , developers can help create more robust and maintainable web applications .
About the Author
This article was written by Kory Becker , software developer and architect , skilled in a range of technologies , including web application development , machine learning , artificial intelligence , and data science .
Wine Announcement
The Wine development release 1.1.37 is now available .
What 's new in this release ( see below for details ) : - A number of fixes in AVI file support .
- Several MSXML improvements . - A few MSI fixes .
- Various bug fixes .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.1.37.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.1.37.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.1.37 : 7309 Desperados : image masking problem 8232 Fate Axis - unimplemented function D3DRMCreate 8867 Oblivion water lacks any shader effects 9034 Fireworks 3 help fails , URL passed to winebrowser mishandled 9369 cannot use context menu in password gorilla 10047 Oblivion water lacks transparency 11462 Protel does not show correctly status bar 11795 Oblivion giant tree sprite (s ) follow the player 12871 Civilization 2 Test of Time is Unplayable 13560 Baldur 's Gate 2 Throne of Bhaal fails to save game because the file default .
tot exists in the game temp directory .
13827 Oblivion distant trees flicker and look like 2D sprites 14443 Enterprise Architect - Text inside block rendered in reversed order 15368 Heroes of Might and Magic IV crashes 15388 gdi32 : dib.c fails to build with gcc 4.2 , - Werror - O3 15496 Rome Total War always crashes on certain maps 15580 The Bat ! v4.0.34.13 - lose birthday in addressbook 15962 BMW M3 Challenge : Screen between intro and menu is invisible 16143 msxml1 : Ca n't set an attribute to Null 16496 Battlezone 2 : frame rate deteriorated 16750 ntdll / tests/rtlbitmap.c : comparison is always false due to limited range of data type 16965 Deep Burner opens with missing buttons on burn iso window 16981 SAMO - Touragent does not work with new gecko engine ( since 1.1.12 ) 17041 Console messages cut short ?
17123 WinAVR : make command fails with Interrupt / Exception caught 17172 IDirect3DDevice9 :: Present ignores pDestRect 17203 Regression in PowerPC compilation 17308 ArtRage needs native gdiplus 17650 Maya PLE 8.5 does n't install 18381 Oblivion : blank screen when HDR is enabled 18541 HoneyBOT : Wine crash upon Right Click Copy of text .
18658 Kingsoft Office crashes almost immediately on launch 19395 ExSystemTimeToLocalTime is not implemented 20406 Perfect World International - Diagonal Lines on Tiger Barbarians 20841 Read buffer overflow in test_GetSidSubAuthority ?
21087 Civilization 2 crashes during installation 21206 Cygwin 1.7.1 fails to install packages under wine 21220 16 - bit app barks at wprocs.dll and then crashes 21289 System call " dup2 " returns 0 for negative inputs , thus behaving different from real Windows 21291 System call " dup2 " does n't retain text vs binary mode 21320 wine / list.h has namespace conflicts with sys / queue.h 21331 Stars !
crash on " New Game " 21334 build broken on OpenSolaris ----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.1.36 : Alexander Kochetkov ( 1 ) : user32 : Fix arithmetic overflow in GetThumbVal .
Alexandre Julliard ( 15 ) : winebuild :
Do not output an undefined symbol reference for variables .
winebuild : Rename __wine_call_from_32_regs for consistency with 64 - bit. winebuild : Output the asm relay functions as needed and get rid of -- relay 32 mode .
winebuild : Output the 16 - bit asm relay functions as needed and get rid of -- relay 16 mode .
ntdll : Fix the NtCreateEvent prototype .
winedump : Remove an unused flag .
msi : Add a partial stub for the ValidateProductID control event .
ntdll : Implement LdrQueryImageFileExecutionOptions and use it to retrieve the per-process global flag .
ntdll : Load the various PEB global options at startup .
wine.inf : Add entries for some of the global options .
include : Define some more of the NT global flag values .
ntdll : Make it possible to use RtlGetNtGlobalFlags before the TEB is initialized .
ntdll :
Set the heap debug flags based on the GlobalFlag value .
kernel32/tests :
Add tests for the global flag and its influence on the heap flags .
winex11 : Use the thread connection to clear the systray icon window .
Andrew Eikum ( 5 ) : wininet : Add Internet {Set , Query}Option tests , implement POLICY option .
wininet : Convert PER_CONN_OPTION_LIST
from A to W in InternetSetOptionA. wininet : Pull proxy info gathering into its own function .
wininet : Implement PER_CONN_PROXY_SERVER option .
wininet : Implement PER_CONN_FLAGS option .
Andrew Nguyen ( 19 ) : ntdll / tests :
Make function pointer checks consistent and report skips .
ntdll / tests :
Allow native crashing code to be compiled .
ntdll / tests :
Add a few additional tests for wcschr .
ntdll / tests :
Add a few additional tests for wcsrchr .
advapi32/tests : Test SystemFunction036 .
msvcrt : Implement and test rand_s .
ntdll / tests : Remove obsolete commented code .
ntdll / tests : Remove useless ifdef statements .
ntdll / tests : Report skip when time conversion functions are not available .
ntdll / tests : Re-enable a commented virtual memory test .
ntdll / tests : Report appropriate skips for information tests .
kernel32/tests : Add tests for IsBadReadPtr. kernel32/tests :
Add more tests for IsBadWritePtr. kernel32/tests : Add tests for IsBadCodePtr. mapi32/tests : Report skips for unavailable property functions .
mapi32/tests : Report skips for unavailable utility functions .
mapi32/tests : Report skip for MAPIGetDefaultMalloc .
mapi32/tests : Fix the PropCopyMore tests and add an additional test .
mapi32/tests : Centralize property function pointer initialization .
André Hentschel ( 5 ) : kernel32/tests : Simplify string generation .
msvcrt : Forward __C_specific_handler to ntdll .
msvcrt/tests :
Add some demangle tests .
msvcrt : Fix typo .
kernel32/tests : Initial fiber tests .
Aric Stewart ( 1 ) : oleaut32 : Do not crash in logging if string is NULL .
Austin English ( 1 ) : winecoreaudio.drv : Reorder includes to avoid OS X bug .
Christian Costa ( 24 ) : d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRM2 and IDirect3DRM3 interfaces .
d3drm : Fix LPDIRECT3DRM
definition and make sure it is defined before including d3drmobj.h. d3drm : Add some definitions .
d3drm : Add some object interface definitions .
d3drm : Simplify declaration of VTable members ( spotted by Dmitry Timoshkov ) .
d3dxof : Simplify declaration of VTable members .
amstream : Simplify declaration of VTable members .
d3drm : Fix IDirect3DRMObject2 macros .
d3drm : Fix IDirect3DRMDevice macros . d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMDevice2. d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMDevice3 .
msvcr71 : Add forward to msvcrt for ?swprintf@@YAHPAGIPBGZZ
and ?vswprintf@@YAHPAGIPBGPAD@Z.
d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMViewport .
d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMViewport2. d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMFrame .
d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMFrame2.
d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMFrame3 .
d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMMesh .
d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMProgressiveMesh .
d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMShadow and IDirect3DRMShadow2 .
d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMFace .
gdi32 : Improve some FIXMEs .
d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMFace2 . d3drm : Add definitions for IDirect3DRMMeshBuilder .
Damjan Jovanovic ( 1 ) : sti :
Add launch application registry .
David Adam ( 1 ) : d3drm :
The input quaternions are not changed when calling D3DRMQuaternionSlerp .
Detlef Riekenberg ( 2 ) : commdlg : Fix PrintDlg parameter checks .
avifil32/tests : Add initial tests .
Dmitry Timoshkov ( 1 ) : winmm : Buffer size must be at least MMIO_DEFAULTBUFFER ( 8192 ) bytes .
Erich Hoover ( 1 ) : ntoskrnl : Forward ExSystemTimeToLocalTime and ExLocalTimeToSystemTime to ntdll .
Freddie Tilley ( 1 ) : ntdll :
Set cpu frequency for FreeBSD 7.2 and higher .
Gerald Pfeifer ( 1 ) : krnl386 : Move WINE_DECLARE_DEBUG_CHANNEL( module ) under #ifdef MZ_SUPPORTED .
Hans Leidekker ( 5 ) : msi : Support retrieving rows from join tables .
msi : Fix parsing of feature overrides .
msi :
Add a test to exersize the code to retrieve rows from join tables .
msi : Add support for updating rows in join tables .
msi :
Add tests for updating rows in join tables .
Henri Verbeet ( 13 ) : d3d8 : Remove the unused Direct3DResource8_Vtbl. d3d9 : Add a separate function for query initialization .
wined3d : Add a separate function for query initialization .
wined3d : Remove some unused query code .
wined3d : Merge baseshader .c into shader .c. wined3d : Do n't leak the context array in the swapchain_init ( ) error path .
wined3d : Set the query .c
GLINFO_LOCATION to * gl_info . d3d9 : Add a separate function for stateblock initialization .
wined3d : Sort our GL extension definitions .
wined3d : Fix the ARB_pixel_buffer_object extension definitions .
wined3d : Remove the second set of EXT_texture_env_dot3 definitions .
wined3d : Remove the duplicate GL_2X_BIT_ATI define .
wined3d : Remove unused occlusion query extensions .
Huw Davies ( 5 ) : include :
Add the ability to initialize oledb constants independently of the INITGUID define by defining DBINITCONSTANTS instead .
msdaps : Switch to using an entry prefix for the auto - generated dlldata routines .
msdaps :
Add stub class factories for the row and rowset servers and proxies .
msdaps : Register the row and rowset proxy and server classes .
shell32 : Add a test to show the IShellLink_GetIDList returns a copy of the IDList , remove an incorrect comment and fix a memory leak .
Ilya Shpigor ( 2 ) : gdi32 : Additional checking in the test for font creation with the OEM charset .
winex11.drv : Produce VK_CANCEL vkey on the Ctrl + Pause / Break pressing .
Jacek Caban ( 12 ) : mshtml.idl : Added IHTMLIFrameElement interface declaration .
mshtml : Added IHTMLIFrameElement stub implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLIFrameElement IDispatchEx support .
mshtml : Silence invalid FIXME .
mshtml : Store document as IHTMLDocument2 interface .
mshtml : Create URL moniker after test initialization .
mshtml.idl : Added DispHTMLFrameElement dispinterface declaration .
mshtml.idl : Added IHTMLFrameElement3 declaration .
mshtml : Added IHTMLFrameElement3 stub implementation .
mshtml : Added IHTMLFrameElement3::get_contentDocument implementation .
mshtml : Added IDispatchEx support for frame element .
jscript : Skip tests on too old jscript.dll .
James Hawkins ( 1 ) : Revert " advapi32 : Free descriptor if it is n't returned from GetSecurityInfo ( ) . " .
Jason Edmeades ( 6 ) : msvcrt : Add support for vsprintf_s .
msvcrt : Add support for sprintf_s .
comctl32/ listview : Issue LVM_DELETEALLITEMS
from WM_DESTROY .
kernel32 : Return error on second attempt to free a module .
netapi31 : Add basic support for NetServerGetInfo. msi : Correct the setting of environment variables .
Jeff Zaroyko ( 2 ) : msvcrt / tests :
Test _dup2 for failure when second arg is negative .
msvcrt : Check if argument passed to _dup2 is positive .
Juan Lang ( 1 ) : secur32 : Report an error if libgnutls is n't found .
Julius Schwartzenberg ( 7 ) : avifil32/tests : Initial test data and simple test for avifil32 .
avifil32/tests :
Test corrupt avi list magic .
avifil32/tests :
Test how avifile deals with audio stream and wave headers .
avifil32 : Overwrite dwRate in the audiostream with the nBlockAlign from the wave header .
avifil32 : Fix header suggested buffersize .
avifil32 : Allow files with different extensions to be loaded .
avifil32 : Use chunksize specified by the chunk itself , avoids a noticable ticking sound heard when reading past the chunk boundary .
Jörg Höhle ( 1 ) : wine .inf : Correct MCI entries .
Kusanagi Kouichi ( 4 ) : user32/tests : Add test for Shift + F10 .
user32 : Make DefWindowProc handle Shift +F10 .
user32 : Add definitions for EM_GETIMESTATUS and EM_SETIMESTATUS .
user32 : F10 key deactivates menu .
Maarten Lankhorst ( 3 ) : mmdevapi :
Add code to enumerate NOTPRESENT devices .
mmdevapi : Dump device id in test .
avifile :
Fix playback of fixed sample size audio streams .
Marcus Meissner ( 2 ) : shell32 : Handle bad menu handle ( Coverity ) .
dplayx : Remove currently unused unicode code ( Coverity ) .
Michael Stefaniuc ( 15 ) : Grammar fixes " is does n't " => " does n't " .
dmime : Avoid newlines inside FIXME messages .
devenum : Avoid newlines inside FIXME messages .
user32 : Avoid newlines inside FIXME messages .
objsel : Avoid newlines inside FIXME messages .
ddraw : Simplify DllCanUnloadNow ( ) .
dmusic : Avoid newlines inside FIXME messages .
dmscript : Avoid newlines inside FIXME messages .
dmstyle : Avoid newlines inside FIXME messages .
dmcompos : Avoid newlines inside FIXME messages .
dmsynth : Avoid newlines inside FIXME messages .
d3d10 : Remove superfluous NULL check before HeapFree ( Smatch ) .
d3d10 : Remove break after return ( Smatch ) .
dmband : Avoid newlines inside FIXME messages .
crypt32/tests : Add a win_skip ( ) .
Mike Kaplinskiy ( 2 ) : msxml : getElementsByTagName does not respect namespaces .
server : Activate pending asyncs on a hangup / error .
Nikolay Sivov ( 27 ) : msxml3 : Do n't leak externaly allocated xmlSAXHandler .
msxml3 : Do n't lose pointer to externaly allocated xmlSAXHandler copy .
msxml3/tests :
Fix some string leaks in tests .
msxml3 : Fix string leak while parsing with IXMLDOMDocument .
msxml3 : Implement IXMLDocument :: get_version ( ) .
msxml3 : Implement IXMLDocument:: get_doctype( ) .
msxml3 : Get rid of upper case converting helper .
advapi32 : Free descriptor if it is n't returned from GetSecurityInfo( ) .
msxml3/tests :
Add some tests for IPersistStreamInit implementation of IXMLDocument .
msxml3/xmldoc : Fix IPersistStreamInit:: GetClassID ( ) for IXMLDocument .
msxml3/xmldoc : IPersistStreamInit:: InitNew ( ) seems to do nothing for IXMLDocument .
msxml3/xmldoc :
Do n't leak document and stream on next IXMLDocument : : Load ( ) .
msxml3 : Do n't preallocate root element , return new instance on each call .
msxml3 : Implement IXMLElement::removeChild ( ) with some tests .
msxml3 : In IXMLElementCollection store pointer to node instead of pointer to children .
msxml3 : Track linked / unlinked state for element and free node data only when unlinked .
msxml3/tests :
Fix interface leak and message typo .
msxml3 : Implement IXMLDOMElement::removeAttribute ( ) .
msxml3 : Use a helper to check for created content handler .
include : Add IXmlReader interface definition .
xmllite / tests : Add basic test structure for IXmlReader .
xmllite : Add stub implementation of IXmlReader interface .
msxml3 : Implement IXMLDOMComment :: deleteData( ) with tests .
msxml3/tests : Fix interface leak .
xmllite / tests :
Test query for supported interface sequence while creating IXmlReaderInput instance .
xmllite : Add IXmlReaderInput stub implementation .
xmllite : Basic input object creation on IXmlReader :: SetInput ( ) .
Paul Vriens ( 22 ) : ntdll / tests : Fix a test failure on NT4 .
comctl32 : Fix size parameter for memset ( Coccinelle ) .
widl :
Fix size parameter for xrealloc ( Coccinelle ) .
oleview :
Fix size parameter for memset ( Coccinelle ) .
winedump : Pass the correct size to the helper ( Coccinelle ) .
msvidc32 : Fix size parameter for memset ( Coccinelle ) .
d3d9/tests : Correct the size of a memcmp .
dsound : Fix a typo .
rsaenh / tests :
Do n't check result twice ( Coccinelle ) .
winealsa.drv :
Do n't check input parameter twice ( Coccinelle ) .
dinput : Do n't check a parameter twice ( Coccinelle ) .
dxdiagn / tests : Fix some test failures on a clean W2K3 .
inetmib1/tests :
Free memory after use ( Valgrind ) .
shell32 : Remove some unneeded parameter setting .
user32/tests : Run tests again on Win95 .
kernel32/tests : Skip a test on Win9x / WinMe. shell32/tests : Fix crash on ancient Win95 .
rasapi32/tests : Fix some test failures on Win9x .
user32/tests : Do n't crash on Win9x / WinMe. xmllite / tests : Remove some tests that make Vista SP0 crash .
rpcrt4/tests :
Fix some memory leaks ( Valgrind ) .
msvcrtd / tests :
Fix a memory leak ( Valgrind ) .
Peter Dons Tychsen ( 2 ) : user32 : Do not allow a change of capture if the currently capture window is a menu unless explicitly specified .
comctl32 : Handle WM_NOTIFY correctly when the parent returns zero .
Piotr Caban ( 7 ) : jscript : Added implementation of Array.reverse. jscript : Make Array.join generic .
shlwapi : Fix MLBuildResURLW
implementation .
jscript : Make Array.pop generic .
jscript : Make Array .sort generic .
jscript : Add error handling to Array .
reverse .
shlwapi : Improved res protocol handling in UrlCanonicalizeW.
Rico Schüller ( 2 ) : d3d10 : Reorder struct d3d10 _effect_variable to make the initialisation nicer .
d3d10 : Parse effect shaders as anonymous shaders .
Rob Shearman ( 9 ) : wpp :
Fix expansion of macro bodies following the parsing of a numerical digit .
widl :
Add support for character constants in expressions .
rpcrt4 : Add structure definition for RPC AUTH3 packet and use the size of this on sending to fix authentication against native servers .
include : Replace hexadecimal representation of four character codes in WINED3DFORMAT enum with macros using the actual characters .
widl :
Fix symbol was not declared and using plain integer as NULL pointer sparse warnings .
wrc :
Fix symbol was not declared and using plain integer as NULL pointer sparse warnings .
server :
Fix symbol was not declared and using plain integer as NULL pointer sparse warnings .
ole32 : Rearrange declarations in itemmoniker .c to avoid unnecessary forward declarations .
wmc :
Fix symbol was not declared and using plain integer as NULL pointer sparse warnings .
Stefan Leichter ( 1 ) : user.exe : Forward WNetGetUser16 to WNetGetUserA of mpr.dll , based on a patch from Andrew Nguyen .
Uwe Bonnes ( 3 ) : msvcrt :
In unbuffered text mode reading \r
with fgetc fails .
msvcrt : xxopen ( ) accepts spaces in the mode string .
msvcrt : Handle CR at buffer boundary and test case .
Vitaly Lipatov ( 1 ) : wineconsole : Fix Russian translation .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
This is a big improvement .
How can you have a climate blog and not report on Phil Climategate Jones recent interview ?
Like our good US president , the smackdown has changed his tone .
H/T again to Steve McIntyre , to whom much is owed .
Climate Audit .
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/8511670.stm
A – Do you agree that according to the global temperature record used by the IPCC , the rates of global warming from 1860 - 1880 , 1910 - 1940 and 1975 - 1998 were identical ?
And the response :
So , in answer to the question , the warming rates for all 4 periods are similar and not statistically significantly different from each other .
The jury ’s decision on the 15 - year - old scofflaw was swift and unanimous : Guilty .
Then the 12 jurors moved on to the question of what consequences the vandal should face for his actions .
“ I kinda wanna go pretty hard , ” volunteered one juror in a hooded sweat shirt and basketball shorts , gesturing with his arms .
“ He ’s reckless ! ”
A fellow juror , standing with arms crossed and head cocked , was a little more sympathetic .
“ He ’s struggling , ” she says .
“ He does n’t have friends , so being the class clown is an easy way to make friends . ”
Advertisement
The defendant was convicted of misdemeanor vandalism for turning on the emergency showers in his middle school ’s science lab on a dare .
The flooding did more than $ 2,000 in damage .
But at the moment , his fate rested in the hands of jurors just barely older than him .
The teen court , which convened after last bell on a recent Wednesday at Dorsey High in South Los Angeles , is one of 17 in the county where students decide the cases of first - time juvenile offenders accused of misdemeanors including tagging , petty theft , drug possession and prostitution .
Adults involved in the process say that these teens , who perform their civic duty with part somber responsibility and part gleeful curiosity , often know better than legal professionals why a teen did what he or she did , and what punishment will change his or her behavior .
Advertisement
Take the case of a teenage prostitute who , unbeknownst to her parents , had spent a couple thousand dollars earned along Sunset Boulevard to buy clothes she kept stashed at her cousin ’s home .
David S. Wesley , a criminal court judge who presides over the court at Dorsey , recalled the innovative sanction a jury of her peers came up with for the girl .
“ They came back with the recommendation that the probation officer and her mother take all the clothes she bought and give the clothes to charity , ” said Wesley , who normally hears cases at the downtown criminal courts building .
“ It was such a clever , well - thought - out part of the sentence for her . ”
The idea behind having teens ’ cases heard by peers is that the combination of questioning , sanctions and involvement in the legal process -- most defendants are ordered back to serve as a juror on teen court as part of their community service -- will steer them away from more serious offenses .
What ’s more , if they follow the judge ’s orders during the informal probation -- typically lasting six months -- the charges will be dismissed .
Timothy Williams , a senior who last year sat in the defendant ’s chair for fighting and petty theft , said his trial before other students was intimidating and more than a little embarrassing -- but effective .
Advertisement
“ They pretty much understood where I was coming from , ” recalled the 17 - year - old , who was back in court -- this time as a juror .
After he was sentenced to curfew , tutoring , community service and meeting minimum grade requirements , he has been doing better in school and has n’t been in trouble since , he said .
“ If I did n’t do what I had to do , I was going to get locked up , ” he said .
There is also an element of scaring the kids straight .
When students snickered during the questioning of a defendant arrested for tagging a window with a marker , Wesley told the courtroom of the case before him in his downtown courtroom : four kids , one as young as 10 , gunned down by an AK - 47 for tagging in the wrong place at the wrong time .
Gasps and a brief silence followed .
“ The hope is to keep them from ever reaching my adult courtroom , ” Wesley said .
Advertisement
The case of the vandal was heard in a Dorsey High courtroom complete with a judge ’s bench , a witness stand and a jury box .
A teenage clerk called out the names of jurors selected at random .
Once the jury was seated , the clerk read the charges : violation of penal code 594 ( a ) ( 2 ) , vandalism .
( The parents sign a form waiving the confidentiality typically applied to juvenile proceedings ; the defendants are referred to only by their first name and last initial . )
The defendant , Anthony L. , sat slouched in his chair , curly dark hair framing a youthful face with a fuzzy hint of a mustache .
He constantly fingered the two black piercings in his lip .
Advertisement
After Anthony was given a chance to briefly tell his side of the story -- “ We had a substitute , a friend in class dared me to open the showers , and I did it ” -- the floor was turned over to the jurors , who peppered him with questions about his motive , his grades , his future .
“ Do you care that you did this ?
You have a nonchalant attitude , ” one juror asked .
“ I did n’t know it was going to cause damage , ” Anthony replied .
“ How come you ’re so destructive ? ” another inquired .
Advertisement
“ I just do it because I like making my classmates laugh , ” Anthony said .
The tenor of the questioning changed when the jurors turned their focus to the boy ’s mother , Greta Galeano , a single parent who herself is a student with two younger children .
“ When I saw him coming out of the police car in handcuffs , it just broke my heart , ” Galeano testified .
Anthony said his mother will have to pay for the damage at the school and that it will probably take a toll on their family , especially his 4 - year - old sister .
His voice softened and his shoulders sank at the mention of her .
Advertisement
After deliberating for 15 minutes in an empty classroom across the hall , the Dorsey High jurors filed back into the courtroom .
The forewoman , plastic bangles dangling from her wrist , delivered the verdict :
Anthony should perform 55 hours of community service , undergo counseling and tutoring and write letters of apology to the school and to his mother .
They also recommended that he participate in a mentoring program .
Wesley sentenced Anthony to probation and released him with a few stern words of his own :
“ You ’re no longer the class clown , ” he told the boy , who did n’t meet the judge ’s eyes .
“ You ’re going to be respectful and quiet in class .
If I hear otherwise , we ’re going to have a very serious talk , you and I . ”
victoria.kim@latimes.com
Square Enix has decided to unleash a little holiday present of their own with new screenshots from their upcoming PS3 game , Final Fantasy XIV .
The surprise announcement at E3 , which also confirmed that it will only be on PS3 and PC when it launches next year , took audiences by surprise .
Similar to FFXI , Square Enix is staying close to their fantasy roots with this title , and these impressive new screenshots should hold us over until we see additional gameplay footage .
Check them out below , and let us know what you think !
[ Source ]
Du är jättebra dejta läkare precis som du är , och du är rimligen ute efter med Norrlands på tapp kan komma att överföras till dig precis på samma sätt som du kommer verka precis lika bajsnödig som ...
Nokia 's Mark Squires , Head of Social Media , was mainly confused by Apple 's statement that it 's the biggest mobile device manufacturer , surpassing Nokia in combined revenue on media players , phones and laptops .
Mark argues that the accepted definition for " mobile devices " excludes laptops , and goes on to mention the undisputed fact that Nokia 's still number one when it comes to number of devices sold .
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings , meanwhile , says that mobile devices are n't a priority for his company yet .
They 're fighting the good fight of the large screen , and once they feel comfortable in their various efforts there , then they 'll move on to small screens .
Netflix has n't done or submitted an iPhone application , but Hastings did mention that he was optimistic that if Netflix did get into the game , the app would be approved for the App Store , and that it would run on both the iPhone and iPad .
Satura Iwata , president and CEO of Nintendo , took a much more directly critical approach to the device , calling it a " bigger iPod Touch , " and that Apple delivered " no surprises . "
In the same interview he expressed skepticism as to the value of bringing a high definition Wii on the market , as well as expressing doubts about 3D glasses - based gaming .
Iwata is clearly a tough man to please .
Perhaps most threatened by the iPad is Russ Wilcox , CEO of E - Ink .
He says dedicated e-readers will outsell iPads due to " simple economics , " and that the iPad is " great entertainment device , " but it 's " not the world 's best reading device . "
His criticisms , mostly in juxtaposition to Kindle - style devices , abound , including price , weight , backlight and so on .
He 's right on the money about the shortfalls of a straightforward comparison , but we wonder if consumers will feel the same ?
We 're sure just about every company on the map has an opinion on Apple 's new device , but a few big wigs have taken time out of their busy schedules to weigh in on the device .
These are their stories .
Nothing too salacious , unfortunately , and most of the points raised are pretty spot - on -- though we do wish Reed Hastings would rethink his priorities just a smidgen and get Netflix onto mobile devices sooner than later .
We 're needy like that .
Fantastic 1 bedroom flat located on West Crosscauseway in the Newington area of the City .
The bright property is part of a traditional building , is ideal for either professionals or students , is FURNISHED …
Fantastic 1 bedroom flat located on West Crosscauseway in the Newington area of the City .
The bright property is part of a traditional building , is ideal for either professionals or students , is FURNISHED …
Fantastic 1 bedroom flat located on West Crosscauseway in the Newington area of the City .
The bright property is part of a traditional building , is ideal for either professionals or students , is FURNISHED …
The FDIC provides deposit insurance at 8,099 institutions .
Collectively the FDIC overlooks $ 13.247 trillion in assets at these institutions .
Instead of feeling protected you should feel weary because the FDIC deposit insurance fund is insolvent .
Now the assets at these institutions range from softer side financial instruments like CDs and regular deposits but keep in mind that saving accounts are actually viewed as liabilities on the balance sheet of banks .
This is money owed to you , the typical American saver .
What is more nefarious is that these banks label high flying “ assets ” like commercial real estate loans and home equity lines as assets .
In other words banks are optimistically pretending that many of their toxic assets are worth more than they claim they are really worth .
And what is even more disturbing is the too big to fail banks make up the bulk of the FDIC total asset pool .
Out of 8,099 institutions 4 banks in Bank of America , JP Morgan Chase , Wells Fargo , and Citibank make up 55 percent of that total asset pool :
Source : FDIC , Bank Financial Statements
In the last couple of weeks , there has been much scolding being thrown at Greece for their spendthrift ways .
Yet has anyone really even looked at the balance sheet of our banks and country ?
In fact , Americans are carrying nearly as much household debt as our annual GDP .
This is the so - called assets on the banks balance sheet :
The big four banks have been pushing households for over three decades at a blistering pace to go deeper into debt .
The middle class has been sold a bill of goods with the faux prosperity of the last few decades .
Certainly we have been able to consume more and purchase more goods but where has this led us ?
We are now witnessing the highest foreclosure rate since the Great Depression .
Unemployment and underemployment has now pushed the rate up to levels unseen in generations .
Banks have become pushers of debt to the middle class and in reality , it was all a front to consolidate power in their corporatacracy .
The fact that only four banks control 55 percent of all banking assets is simply amazing .
It is an oligarchy in the banking sector .
And the troubled bank list keeps growing but the bigger banks will have no chance of failing ( their risk is now transferred to the public ) :
Now why would there be a growing number of problem banks if the economy were truly recovering ?
Your typical banks has to deal with the real world just like most businesses .
They do n’t have the luxury of expecting bailouts for every misstep that they take .
They also interface with the middle class of America that are seeing their ability to keep up become harder and harder .
Everyone is being sold that “ we need to tighten our belts ” while these big banks are dolling out billions in taxpayer bonuses and somehow are adding no actual benefit to the real economy .
This is the conclusion of 40 years of irresponsible growth in the banking sector .
Finance was never intended to be a big part of our economy but that is what we have gotten over the years :
The trend is rather unmistakable .
Manufacturing topped out in the 1970s and the financial sector has grown nonstop and only this gigantic financial mess has slowed its growth .
Yet keep in mind where this slow down has occurred .
There are many more efficient and better run smaller banks and they have had to tighten their belts like everyone else but the too big to fail have gone on shopping sprees acquiring toxic mortgage outfits and investment firms like Bear Stearns or Merrill Lynch .
How is this part of the cutting back plan ?
It is more of a coup from the corporatacracy to cement their concentrated power .
The big four are also part of the biggest issuers of credit cards .
As you may have noticed these banks while speculating on Wall Street and turning enormous profits in their investment units have done very little in advancing the cause of the middle class .
Instead , they have now gone after good credit standing customers to ring out every penny in absurd fees and gimmicks .
Some argue that people should simply not spend .
Well , if the American public had the same access to the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve I assure you that the playing field would be very different yet some of these people have the inability to see the macro picture of what is occurring .
You ca n’t tell the public to act one way while so much money is funneled back to the top .
The biggest propaganda fraud is how big banks try to confuse the public that they have actual choice in the various credit cards they have to offer .
Just because you can put a puppy on your card does n’t mean a big bank wo n’t gouge you for every penny you have .
Take a look at the top credit card issuers :
* In Billions of $ USD
The big four banks show up in the top six institutions .
As you can see our banking system is largely concentrated in a few hands and the Federal Reserve is merely concerned in protecting these gigantic institutions even if it means using middle class Americans as cannon fodder in this economic battle .
Even with mortgage rates , we keep hearing how wonderful rates are .
Well of course because we are destroying our U.S. dollar to allow banks to borrow at near zero percent !
And this is sold to the public as good ?
Why not let the average American borrow directly from the Federal Reserve and get the same terms at near zero percent ?
We are then told that banks need to verify the actual data .
How well did that turn out in this massive housing bubble decade ?
The bottom line is the big banks are getting bigger in this current structure .
This is unhealthy for the system .
Why ?
Banks that ran inefficiently and took on too much risk should fail .
That is the nature of business .
If you run a horrible restaurant you will lose customers and ultimately fail .
With banking , as long as you serve enough crap throughout the system you will eventually rise to the top and then become part of the corporatacracy that is somehow unable to fail .
To the contrary , they have expanded and grown while every other business has to compete with tougher restrictions .
Even a basic definition of capitalism is sufficient to show us that banking is operating in a socialistic handout from D.C. to Wall Street .
In the end it is the middle class that suffers from this concentration of power in a few banks .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
The snow was due to clear by Tuesday
Thousands of snow - clearing machines have been working to dig the Russian capital Moscow out of a record - breaking fall of 63cm ( nearly 25 inches ) .
After a weekend of heavy snow showers , the regional weather centre announced that the previous record of 62 cm , set in 1966 , had been broken .
Snow ploughs were due to make three clean sweeps of the city on Monday .
Drivers were asked to leave their cars at home but rail services are said to have been unaffected by the weather .
A Moscow railway spokesman said that 4,471 km ( 2,778m ) of track had been cleared of snow on Sunday .
In all , about 15,000 snow - clearing machines were deployed in the city of about 10.5 million people , backed by 8,500 dump trucks and about 5,500 street - sweeping personnel .
Monday 's three scheduled sweeps were due to take place at 1000 ( 0700 GMT ) , 1300 and 1700 .
A police source told Interfax news agency that Muscovites had largely heeded calls to avoid driving and there had been no significant increase in traffic accidents .
Weather forecasters were predicting that the snow would die out overnight , with Tuesday set to be a clear day .
INTRODUCTION
You can see my original post here :
http://theoriesonlost.blogspot.com/2010/02/what-final-twist-in-lost-might-be-by.html
In my opinion that theory was poorly written and had one huge gaping hole , which I hope to fill with this post .
There have been a few posts since then where I see people building on what I said originally , but none satisfied my thoughts .
So , for those who did n't read it , there was a cartoon I remember watching as a child .
I can't remember what it was called , but the details of the story I remember vividly , mainly because it scared the hell out of me .
It was about a girl who was playing with a ball near some caves .
At some point the ball goes into one of the caves by accident so she runs to the cave , but is stopped from going inside when she sees that in there is a really old guy with a long beard .
She asks him to pass her the ball , but he refuses and tells her she has to get it herself .
He manages to convince her to enter the cave and while she 's picking up her ball , he runs out .
When she tries to run out she is stopped by an invisible field blocking the entrance .
The old guy then explains that he 's been trapped in the cave for hundreds of years , for there must always be one person in the cave .
He tells the girl that she will be trapped in the cave until the day she manages to convince somebody else to enter the cave .
This is what I think is the basis behind the story of LOST .
The island , for whatever reason , needs two beings – one light , one dark – to keep its balance .
The two people must take their posts through free will , and most recently these two posts have been held by Smokey ( who has admitted that he wants to return home ) and Jacob ( who , dispite being dead is still wondering around the island giving orders and playing the game ) .
THE GAME
The people who take these roles must do so at their own will , so what Jacob and his old friend do is bring people to the island in order to play people into relieving them of their possition .
The conversation on the beach when the man in black says : ' Still trying to prove me wrong , are n't you . ” - this a man who has seen many failed attempts of convincing a candidate to take their place so many times , that he 's all but given up .
Jacob remains an optimist : „ You are wrong . ” - because he knows that it 's just a matter of time .
Every attempt at seducing a candidate is just progress .
He 's improving his game and convinced that the day will come .
What we will have been following for 6 seasons is one long attempt at convincing a canditate to take the place of either Smokey or Jacob .
OK , so why all of this when no doubt Ben would have willingly become Jacob ?
Well , I think that first of all it's the vetting proccess .
It has to be somebody of unrelenting faith .
Somebody who had att !
oned their sins and had a tabula rasa .
Also I think that the person who takes the role has to take it for purely selfless purposes .
Ben , for example , would take the role of Jacob or smokey with selfish intent , considering that most of what he does is pretty selfish ( he killed Locke because he was jealous , he got the oceanic 6 back together so he could get back on the island , he got rid of Widmore , he stabbed Jacob just because he felt ignored , etc . )
I think that person has to go into the role with not only 100 % free will , but also 100 % conviction that they are doing it for the good of the island .
Why ?
Ask the midichlorians .
So why the game ?
Why do n't they work together ?
Why did smokey want Jacob dead if they have the same goal ?
Well , that 's the game .
In any game there can be only one winner .
Whoever wins , be it smokey or Jacob , will be the one released and the other will have to stick around for the next game .
THE NATURE OF SMOKEY AND JACOB
So , when a candidate takes their part they are given certain powers .
This part will hopefully explain everything about their powers and also answer this what means by being ' claimed ' .
I 'll start with Jacob , who we assume is the white player , and what he 's able to do .
Jacob can leave the island .
As somebody who commented on my last theory pointed out : how can he be trapped if we 've seen him off island .
Well , like I replied to them , just because he's off the island does n't mean that he 's free from it - remember Michael ?
We know that he's got the abilitly to heal – or at least we think he has – he cured Juliet 's sisters cancer , I 'm guessing he cured Locke 's back and Rose 's cancer .
On top of this I think that he has the power of ' time ' .
He can travel between times and dimentions and use his touch to affect things .
What 's his touch ?
We 'll I think that his touch is how he picks his main players – the ' untouchables ' in his game .
What happens if one of these main players is killed by the other team ?
A new timeline forks off from that point , complicating things further .
I can't be sure what the consequence of the fork in time might be , but I 'm sure that it would probably give the white side an advantage because he , being able to travel between times and realities , would have sole access to a load of duplicates of his candidates .
That is why it is against the rules to kill certain players – Widmore , Ben and Alex .
The timeline we see in the flash sideways is the line that began not after ju !
ghead exploded ( it did n't explode , by the way ) , but rather it is the timeline created somewhere before Des came to the islan , when the wrong person came to the island .
It was created somewhere after Dhama and before Des anyway .
Another one may have been created after Keamy killed Alex at the barracks , which is why Ben muttered : „ He changed the rules . ”
That 's why smokey was so angry with his men .
Not only because Ben called him from his grot - hole , but because Keamy had just made things even more complicated in his attempt to get off the island .
Remember all of Jacob 's lists ?
These are his main players .
Why so many lists ?
He wants to confuse smokey .
The numbers of LOST are the numbers that show the real candidates .
OK , so Smokey .
He can't leave the island at all .
There have been hints that he can – the one that comes to mind right off is the one when Jack's in the hospital fixing the smoke alarm and sees his dad sat on the chair .
This was a red herring from the writers .
I might suggest that it was n't smokey , it was Christian Shepard from another timeline , brought across by Jacob somehow .
But the that seems a bit far fetched somehow , even for LOST .
Anyway , to stop myself going of on a tangent here , Smokeys power is the ability to travel between the world of the living and the world of the dead .
Hence his ability to take on the form of the deceased folk on the island .
This is where the ' claimed ' thing comes into it .
I suggest that when a person dies on the island , Smokey has a chance to meet their fresh soul as it passes in the afterlife and make a deal with it .
The deal being that he will return their soul to their body on the condition that they will serve him on the island .
This is what 's happened to Sayid .
He 's currently Smokey 's inside man .
Alright , so why Sawyer ?
Why does he want to go home with somebody ?
Because , he 's got no body .
When Smokey took his position , this involved him leaving his own body behind and actually becoming the black smoke ( this is where the candidate 's real commitment is tested ) .
He takes the form of the dead because he no longer has a form of his own .
He needs to go home with somebody because he needs to take a ' live ' body to travel in .
For example , Smokey might take the body of Sawyer and use it to go back to the real world , and Sawyer 's soul would be kicked out of his body and take the form of black smoke .
Where do Ben and Widmore fit it ?
OK , these guys are our Obi Wan and Darth Vader of sorts .
They 're old collegues who followed different paths .
Widmore was seduced by the dark side , whereas Ben stayed loyal .
Hawkin's , with how much she goes on about time , you would think that she 's on team Jacob .
Perhaps she was touched by Jacob and given the ability to travel time and dimensions ( remember when she met Des for the first time ? ) .
Then she defected and now she travels around trying to tidy up the mess of the alternate timelines created by the death of Jacob 's main pieces .
OK , so Darlton have said that the story of LOST will end when the character 's story ends .
As somebody on my earlier version of this mentioned , how can the story end if two – or one – of our losties is condemed to a new game ?
Well , they also said time travel did n't play a part .
I trust Darlton as much as I trust Flocke .
In fact I do n't trust anybody who goes by a name which is a combination of two other names .
They said that there 'll be no sequel or something but , look , Disney own the rights to this and they will do what the hell they want to make money .
They certainly wo n't let the series end with the island being destroyed forever , that 's for sure .
Thanks for being so kind with my last theory and for your patience if you have read all of this lot .
Please be kind .
I 'm not claiming that I 'm actually right here , but the fun is n't in being right , is it ?
This is the first TV that I know of in which the imagination is given carte blanc to do what it wants with the story .
I love LOST for that .
And for Andy here for making the best site for any TV show that I 've seen so far , thanks mate .
When you think of people suffering from social anxiety , you probably characterize them as shy , inhibitive and submissive .
However , new research from psychologists Todd Kashdan and Patrick McKnight at George Mason University suggests that there is a subset of socially anxious people who act out in aggressive , risky ways -- and that their behavior patterns are often misunderstood .
In the new study published in Current Directions in Psychological Science , Kashdan and McKnight found evidence that a subset of adults diagnosed with Social Anxiety Disorder were prone to behaviors such as violence , substance abuse , unprotected sex and other risk - prone actions .
These actions caused positive experiences in the short - term , yet detracted from their quality of life in the longer - term .
" We often miss the underlying problems of people around us .
Parents and teachers might think their kid is a bully , acts out and is a behavior problem because they have a conduct disorder or antisocial tendencies , " says Kashdan .
" However , sometimes when we dive into the motive for their actions , we will find that they show extreme social anxiety and extreme fears of being judged .
If social anxiety was the reason for their behavior , this would suggest an entirely different intervention . "
Kashdan and McKnight suggest that looking at the underlying cause of extreme behavior can help us understand the way people interact within society .
" In the adult world , the same can be said for managers , co-workers , romantic partners and friends .
It is easy to misunderstand why people are behaving the way we do and far too often we assume that the aggressive , impulsive behaviors are the problem .
What we are finding is that for a large minority of people , social anxiety underlies the problem , " says Kashdan .
The researchers suggest that further studies of this subset group can help psychologists better understand and treat the behaviors .
" Recent laboratory experiments suggest that people can be trained to enhance their self - control capacities and thus better inhibit impulsive urges and regulate emotions and attention , " says McKnight .
" Essentially , training people to be more self - disciplined -- whether in physical workout routines or finances or eating habits -- improves willpower when their self - control is tested . "
Indie fashion photography with a side of humor .
When you gotta go , you gotta go .
Even during photoshoots .
At least you can go in style .
Submit photos or
ask us anything .
If you are interested in helping us keep this site updated as a co-blogger , let us know .
As seen on :
Trend Hunter
M. Blog
The World ’s Best Ever
Black Book Magazine
Choucroute Garnie
Curiouser and Curiouser
944
Day and Night Magazine
The Trend Menu : a plate full of Fashion
Fashion Friends
URLesque
Buried inside the new Fox News poll are some trial heats for the 2012 presidential election .
Among the results :
Obama - Romney 47 -35 .
Obama - Palin 55 - 31 .
Obama - Gingrich 53 - 29 .
Each margin includes a healthy lead among independent voters .
**************************************************************************
Now to Souza 's great collection .
That Nobel speech picture is really something .
Enjoy ( please do n't hot - link ) .
*
*
Jan. 20 , 2009
" President - elect Barack Obama was about to walk out to take the oath of office .
Backstage at the U.S. Capitol , he took one last look at his appearance in the mirror . "
**************************************************************************
Jan. 20 , 2009
" We were on a freight elevator headed to one of the Inaugural Balls .
It was quite chilly , so the President removed his tuxedo jacket and put it over the shoulders of his wife .
Then they had a semi-private moment as staff member and Secret Service agents tried not to look . "
**************************************************************************
Jan. 21 , 2009
" This was his first morning in the Oval Office as President of the United States .
He was reading some briefing material before a meeting . "
**************************************************************************
Jan. 23 , 2009
" The President meets with his national security and intelligence team in the Situation Room of the White House for the first time . "
*************************************************************************
Feb . 4 , 2009
" The President talks with aides during an impromptu meeting around the Resolute desk . "
**************************************************************************
Feb. 26 , 2009
" The President walks alone along the White House Colonnade to the Oval Office late one night .
He tells people that he likes having his ‘ home office ’ so close to where he lives . "
**************************************************************************
March 2 , 2009
" Washington had its first big snowstorm and I knew the girls were home from school .
I suspected the girls might try to sled or make a snowman , so I asked the Usher ’s Office to call me if the girls headed outside .
I got there just in time to catch the First Lady helping the girls sled down a hill on the South Lawn .
This picture now hangs on the wall of the President ’s study . "
************************************************************************
March 29 , 2009
" It was a Sunday night in the Oval Office .
The auto task force listened to the President before he made phone calls to alert key people about his plan to set deadlines for General Motors and Chrysler overhauls that was to be announced the next morning . "
*************************************************************************
April 3 , 2009
" Aboard Air Force One , the President talks with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton en route to France .
I thought looking through the doorway gave the scene a more intimate feel . "
**************************************************************************
April 5 , 2009
" As the President signed the guestbook at the Prague Castle in the Czech Republic , I noticed the First Lady ’s hands behind her back . "
**************************************************************************
April 7 , 2009
" President Obama fist - bumps a U.S. soldier at Camp Victory in Baghdad .
The President was treated to an overwhelming reception by the troops . "
**************************************************************************
May 8 , 2009
" A temporary White House staffer , Carlton Philadelphia , brought his family to the Oval Office for a farewell photo with President Obama .
Carlton ’s son softly told the President he had just gotten a haircut like President Obama , and asked if he could feel the President ’s head to see if it felt the same as his . "
**************************************************************************
May 19 , 2009
" The President was leaving the State Floor after an event and found Sasha in the elevator ready to head upstairs to the private residence .
He decided to ride upstairs with her before returning to the Oval Office . "
**************************************************************************
May 22 , 2009
" We were flying to the U.S. Naval Academy aboard the Marine One helicopter and the President was reading the business section of the New York Times .
He is a voracious reader . "
**************************************************************************
June 4 , 2009
" He absolutely loved visiting the Pyramids and Great Sphinx of Giza .
He was n’t there for a photo - op ; he was there to take it all in and learn as much as he could from the tour guide .
One of the great experiences of that day for me was hoofing it up and down the narrow staircase inside with the President to the top of the Pyramids . "
**************************************************************************
June 6 , 2009
" After his speech in Normandy , a crush of people tried to get close to the President to shake his hand .
I noticed this guy waiting patiently and then literally being pushed back into the crowd .
I felt bad for him , and mentioned the incident to the President ’s trip director , Marvin Nicholson .
Marvin pulled the guy out of the crowd , found him a wheel chair , and brought him over to meet the President .
He was a French veteran .
The man ’s face shows his emotion . "
**************************************************************************
July 7 , 2009
" Family dinner is usually private time .
But I heard they were having dinner atop their hotel in Moscow , which overlooked the Kremlin .
When they first sat down , Sasha was just having some fun with her dad . "
**************************************************************************
Aug. 5 , 2009
" I was sitting in the reception area outside the Oval Office when Sasha walked by and headed to the Oval .
I suspected something was up , so I followed her .
Sasha then crawled into the office , hiding behind the sofa , and when she reached the far end , jumped up and yelled trying spook her dad . "
*************************************************************************
Sept. 17 , 2009
" This is a rare look inside the President ’s Treaty Room office in the private residence of the White House .
He was making a call to Poland Prime Minister Donald Tusk . "
**************************************************************************
Sept. 27 , 2009
" The President and his daughter Sasha read one of Thomas Jefferson ’s speeches at the Jefferson Memorial one Sunday night in Washington , D.C. The entire family toured the Memorial and later the Washington Monument . "
***************************************************************************
Oct. 8 , 2009
" The President jockeys for a rebound with Congressmen during a basketball game at the White House .
I think opponents are always surprised at how tough and competitive he can be . "
***************************************************************************
Oct. 9 , 2009
" Hours after learning he had won the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize , the President looked over his remarks in the Outer Oval Office that he was about to deliver to the press in the Rose Garden . "
**************************************************************************
Oct. 13 , 2009
" Much to Sasha ’s chagrin , the President starts dancing to the music at the Fiesta Latina event on the South Lawn of the White House . "
***************************************************************************
Oct. 20 , 2009
" The light was streaming through the window , and I was trying to catch him walking back to his desk between meetings and phone calls . "
**************************************************************************
Oct. 29 , 2009
" This photo was taken about 4 AM after the President made an unannounced trip to Dover Air Force Base to pay respects to fallen troops coming back from Afghanistan .
After meeting privately with the families , the President walked alone up the ramp of the cargo plane carrying the 18 caskets , all draped in American flags .
I could see the emotion on his face as he walked from casket to casket , leaving a Presidential coin on each .
When he was done , he paused for a few minutes , head bowed in prayer .
I heard him tell others later how that was the most difficult moment of his Presidency thus far .
Out of respect for the families , not all of who wanted their ceremony photographed , we ca n’t show those pictures ( but they will become part of Presidential archive . ) "
**************************************************************************
Oct. 30 , 2009
" The President plays peek - a - boo with the daughter of White House staffer Emmett Beliveau in the Outer Oval Office .
It ’s interesting to note that this photograph was taken not long after the conclusion of his Afghanistan meeting in the Situation Room .
So he went from this very substantive meeting to being able to lighten up for a minute with this young girl . "
**************************************************************************
Nov. 5 , 2009
" The shootings at Fort Hood had happening a few hours earlier .
As meetings continued into the night , I walked outside the Oval Office to photograph looking back in as the President talked with one of his national security aides . "
**************************************************************************
Nov. 14 , 2009
" We were on Air Force One heading to the Summit of the Americas in Singapore .
Since the 1990 ’s , the host country for this Summit chooses a shirt that all heads of state wear to the formal ceremony .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs was showing the President pictures of past leaders wearing — shall we say — not the most dignified of shirts .
At the Summit , the President joked that he looked forward to hosting the 2011 Summit in Hawaii , where everyone would have to wear Hawaii shirts and grass skirts . "
**************************************************************************
Dec. 3 , 2009
" President Obama heads along the White House colonnade to the residence after leaving the Oval Office for the day . "
**************************************************************************
Dec. 9 , 2009
" The day we were leaving for Oslo , the President ’s first meeting of the morning was with his speechwriting team .
He said he had stayed up most of the night writing .
I was surprised to see that he had handwritten the entire speech so I made a few close - up pictures as he went over the speech with his aides in the Oval Office . "
*************************************************************************
Dec. 19 , 2009
" Snowball in hand , the President chases Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel on the White House colonnade .
To escape , Rahm ran through the Rose Garden , which unfortunately for him , was knee - deep in snow . "
**************************************************************************
Dec. 22 , 2009
" This was a planning meeting in the Roosevelt Room of the White House .
The President was leaning back in his chair , taking in the discussion . "
**************************************************************************
Dec. 29 , 2009
" I thought this was an interesting juxtaposition between his role as a father , and his role as Commander in Chief .
On vacation in Hawaii , here he is hugging his daughter Malia while NSC chief of staff Denis McDonough waits to connect him on the latest conference call following the attempted Christmas Day terrorist attack . "
*************************************************************************
Jan. 6 , 2010
" While waiting to be introduced for an event in the East Room of the White House , the President looks out a window in the Green Room towards a view of the Washington Monument and Jefferson Memorial . "
*************************************************************************
The entire 82 photos - and - commentaries set is here , most of them in huge size .
Pete deserve some love .
He is just a brilliant photographer .
Check out our friends over at https://www.priceofscrapmetals.com/ to find all of the latest scrap metal prices across the world .
They currently provide prices for the US , UK , Australia , Canada , New Zealand and a number of other European countries too .
These prices are updated on a daily basis and they cover a number of different types of metal ; aluminum , copper , steel , lead and more .
Rare northern right whales were not hunted to the brink
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
One of the rarest whales in the world was not a victim of extensive whaling as previously supposed .
Fewer than 350 North Atlantic right whales remain , with the blame for their demise laid at the harpoon tips of 16th and 17th century whalers .
But a new study of ancient whale bones confirms the population of northern right whales has for centuries been small with a limited genetic diversity .
That strongly suggests a mass cull of the animals never took place .
" This is a big surprise given what was previously thought about the species , " says Dr Brenna McLeod , previously at Trent University in Peterborough , Ontario , Canada , who has published the latest study in the journal Conservation Genetics .
Whaling did affect the species but not nearly to the extent that was thought
Whale expert Dr Brenna McLeod The North Atlantic right whale ( Eubalaena glacialis ) has typically been perceived as a species that was once abundant and successful in the ocean that gave it its name .
Then it was assumed that 16th century Basque whalers decimated the population , with American whalers that followed further reducing the small remaining numbers , explains Dr McLeod , now at Saint Mary 's University in Halifax , Nova Scotia .
That left the approximately 300 to 350 individuals that remain today .
However , the discovery in 1978 of a 16th century Basque whaling galleon by historian Dr Selma Barkham offered a way to check these assumptions .
Within that ship lay whale bones , which after years of excavation were brought to the surface .
A bowhead whale humeri recovered from a Spanish galleon , with drill hole where a DNA sample was collected .
One researcher , Dr Moira Brown , now at the New England Aquarium in Boston , US realised that if DNA could be extracted from these bones , it could reveal a host of information about the culled whales .
In earlier research , Dr McLeod , Dr Brown and colleagues managed to do just that .
They extracted DNA from 218 whale bones recovered from either the galleon or from the shores of Quebec and Labrador , whey they had been lying for 400 years at sites of long - forgotten Basque whaling stations .
Of those bones , just one came from a North Atlantic right whale , the others all coming from bowhead whales .
" There was absolutely no evidence of a right whale targeted hunt , " Dr McLeod told the BBC .
In their latest study , the researchers then attempted to glean more information from this single 400 - year - old North Atlantic right whale bone .
" This single bone provides us with a snapshot of the genetic characteristics of the historic population , " says Dr McLeod .
A rare glimpse of a North Atlantic right whale By sampling 27 different parts of the bone 's DNA , the researchers could evaluate the number of variations within its genetic code .
Called alleles , such variations may have been carried by historic North Atlantic right whales , but have since disappeared from today 's population .
The greater the collapse in the population of North Atlantic right whales , the more of these genetic variations would be lost .
Yet " we found no ' lost ' alleles , " says Dr McLeod .
" All that were identified are still present in the contemporary population . "
The researchers also found that the overall genetic profiles of the ancient bone and those from modern North Atlantic right whales are very similar .
CETACEANS : FIND OUT MORE
This year , scientists found evidence that there are two types of orca hunting in UK waters , not one as thought The ' humpback heat run ' , the greatest animal battle on the planet , was finally filmed in its entirety last year : watch it here Watch other videos of whales and dolphins " This would not have been expected if the population had lost a lot of variation as a result of a large reduction in population size due to whaling , " says Dr McLeod .
In short , the North Atlantic right whale population of the past was little different to today .
" Whaling did affect the species , by reducing the population size , but not nearly to the extent that was thought , " says Dr McLeod .
" Instead of numbering in the 12,000 to 15,000 as was previously assumed and suggested , we think that the population in the western north Atlantic was much smaller , perhaps numbering a few thousand . "
The jury is still out as to what caused the original crash in North Atlantic right whale numbers , reducing them to this level .
North Atlantic right whales tend to live near the coast .
" We speculate that the species may have been affected by historic climatic changes , such as glaciation events , which may have caused the species to shift its habitat .
" This would have altered the location and availability of feeding and calving grounds and may have affected fitness and reproductive success of individuals in the population , " explains Dr McLeod .
A 400 - year - old whale bone
The new finding also casts a new perspective on efforts to save this highly endangered whale .
Today the whale 's recovery is hampered because individuals are being struck by ships or entangled in fishing gear .
Recent climatic changes are also preventing the whales from reproducing as fast .
But while everything should be done to prevent whales killed accidently by ships and fishermen , " in light of the data presented here , some of the conditions that are challenging recovery of the right whale have been present for thousands of years , far longer than we have thought , " says Dr McLeod .
So although the surviving population may be critically small , it may be adapted to cope with many of the natural changes it faces today .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A héten olvastam arról , hogy amióta van net , azóta sokkal szétszórtabbak vagyunk , és a cikkben meg is szavaztatták az olvasókat arról , hogy ők is kevésbé tudnak-e fókuszálni , amióta a net beköltözött az életükbe .
A legtöbb válasz igenlő volt , és belegondolva a dologba én is így vagyok ezzel .
Régen tovább tudtam egyetlen dologra , például egy könyvre fókuszálni , manapság viszont már ritka , hogy fél óránál tovább olvasok egyhuzamban , mert egy idő után elkalandozik a figyelmem , és inkább megyek megnézni , mi van a neten .
Ti nem vettetek észre ilyesmit magatokon ?
Ennek kapcsán jutott eszembe , hogy a Google által szervezett előadások közül is sok foglalkozott már a koncentráció és a tudatosság fejlesztésével .
Ott volt például a francia biológus és egyben buddhista szerzetes , aki arról beszélt , hogyan vizsgálják tudományos módszerekkel a meditáció során létrejövő mentális állapotot .
Az egyszer már itt is szerepelő csilingelős fickó szintén a meditációról és a tudatosság fontosságáról beszélt .
( Mellesleg most olvastam , hogy neki magyarul is kijött nemrég egy könyve , ú gyhogy akit érdekel a téma , az olvasgathat ) .
De az összes hasonló előadás közül eddig a legutóbb látottat találtam a legmeggy őzőbbnek , amelyben a szintén buddhista szerzetes előadó jól összefoglalta a meditáció hatásmechanizmusát és hasznosságát a mindennapi életben .
Rövid szemantikai kitérő : meditáció alatt nem kell semmilyen misztikus vagy ezoterikus dologra gondolni , az én értelmezésemben ez egyszerűen koncentrációs gyakorlatot jelent .
A legegyszer űbb esetben elég annyi , hogy az ember leül naponta , mondjuk 20 percre , és megpróbál kizárólag a légzésére koncentrálni .
Ha azon kapod magad , hogy a gondolataid elkalandoznak , akkor újra visszatereled a figyelmedet a légzésedre , és idővel egyre hamarabb észreveszed majd elkalandozást , vagyis egyre koncentráltabb leszel , és ennek pozitív hatásai az élet egyéb területein is meg fognak mutatkozni .
Természetesen egyéb módjai is vannak a koncentráció fejlesztésének , például a látszat ellenére a jóga sem arról szól elsősorban , hogy különböző pózokba csavargasd magadat , a cél ott is az , hogy megfigyeld a testedben ébredő érzeteket , miközben a gyakorlatokat végzed , vagyis itt is a figyelem összpontosítása a lényeges .
De akár egy egyszerű séta is alkalmas lehet meditációs gyarkolásra .
Visszatérve a fent említett előadóra , az elején egyből kitért arra , hogy a koncentráció fejlesztése először mindenkinek frusztráló élmény .
A legtöbb ember már az első lépéseknél feladja , mert hiába akarnak a légzésükre koncentrálni , a gondolataik folyton elkalandoznak , és az emiatt érzett frusztráció miatt aztán hamar fel is adják az egészet .
Pedig ez valójában jó dolog , mert ráébreszt minket arra , hogy milyen szétszórtak vagyunk , és mennyire töredezett a figyelmünk , úgyhogy ezt ösztönzésként is fel lehet fogni , hogy van hova fejlődni .
A legtöbben úgy élik le az életüket , hogy nem ismerik meg önmagukat , és ezért van az , hogy például sokan rendszeresen leisszák magukat vagy egyéb pótcselekvésekbe menekülnek , mert nincsenek tisztában a saját működésükkel , nem tudják , hogyan lehet feloldani az érzéseiket , ezért inkább elnyomják őket valamilyen pótszerrel .
( Nekem erről az ugrott be , hogy néhány éve láttam egy TV - reklámot , ahol éppen egy tablettát ajánlottak , ami segít elmulasztani a falánkság után a puffadás érzését .
Ahelyett , hogy azt hallanánk , válogasd meg , mit eszel , és egyél kevesebbet , a reklámok inkább azt mondják , hogy edd tele magad , majd kapj be egy tablettát , hogy elmúljanak a negatív utóhatások .
Ez a példa jól illusztrálhatja az élet tudatos és kevésbé tudatos leélése közötti különbséget is . )
Ha viszont valakiben van elég kitartás , és rendszeresen fejleszti a koncentrációját , akkor tapasztalhatja , hogy kialakul benne egy bizonyos állandó fókuszáltság , aminek következtében az életben minden tevékenységet sokkal jobban át tud élni , és többet tud kihozni magából .
Ebből kifolyólag az ilyenfajta önmegfigyelés nem csak arra jó , hogy ha valami bajunk van , akkor rá tudjunk jönni az okára és fel tudjuk oldani , hanem az örömteli élményeket is sokkal mélyebben át lehet élni .
Ugyanis a szétszórtság az élmények befogadását is letompítja , mert a szétszórt ember kevésbé tudja megélni a pillanatot .
Ehhez képest viszont az előadó saját tapasztalata szerint a rendszeres meditáció olyan szemléleti változással jár , mintha megnyúlnának a másodpercek , minden pillanatot a maga teljességében megél az ember .
Ezzel az is együtt jár , hogy elkezd észrevenni olyan dolgokat , amik felett amúgy elsiklana , és a mélyebb szintű figyelem idővel olyan felismeréseket hoz ( magunkkal és a világgal kapcsolatban is ) , amikhez egyébként nemigen lehetne eljutni .
Összességében tehát az előadásból az jött le , hogy bár a tudatosság fejlesztése munkás dolog , igényel némi kitartást , de az elérhető eredmények megérik a fáradságot .
Ráadásul bárki elkezdheti gyakorolni otthon , mert lélegezni mindenki szokott . :P
Az előadásnak egyébként kis magyar vonatkozása is volt , ugyanis az egyik helyen a teljesítmény kapcsán előkerült a flow közismert fogalma , és elismerésre méltó volt az erőfeszítés , ahogy szegény előadó hősiesen megküzdött Csíkszentmihályi Mihály nevének kibetűzésével . :D
The giant boxing kangaroo flag will continue to fly in the athletes ' village in Vancouver after Australian Olympic bosses reached an agreement with the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) .
The flag hangs over two storeys of the apartment block where the Australians are staying .
The IOC wanted it removed but Australian Olympic Committee ( AOC ) president John Coates says he has reached a compromise and it can now stay in place for the duration of the Winter Olympic Games .
" But we will need to register the boxing kangaroo with the IOC as the third identification we have , " he said .
Australian athletes have welcomed the decision .
Australian gold medallist Anna Meares says the boxing kangaroo flag is an iconic symbol that has become a team mascot at Olympic Games .
" It 's something that really is held dearly to all Australians , " she said .
" It 's great to see that it can stay . "
While it is already an Australian Olympic trademark , the boxing kangaroo will now be registered with the IOC along with Australia 's national flag and the coat of arms .
The IOC initially asked the Australian team to take down the banner because it was deemed too commercial .
Calls to ban the boxing kangaroo flag was branded as scandalous , ridiculous and infantile .
The boxing kangaroo became Australia 's sporting symbol in 1983 when it was used in the successful America 's Cup .
John Longley was part of the crew .
" It was an image that we created , to be a symbol for what we stood for , which was the red gloves , " he said .
" It used to have a red eye and the puffed up chest and so forth .
It was aggressive - we 're taking the world on . "
The AOC has since bought the trademark and now the boxing kangaroo is seen among crowds at Olympic and Commonwealth Games and other major sporting events .
Israeli warplanes have hit southern Gaza with missiles in response to rocket fire from Palestinian militants , the military said .
The airstrikes reportedly hit Gaza 's disused Yasser Arafat airport near the border town of Rafah , but no injuries have been reported .
Hamas , which runs the Gaza Strip , says it halted firing rockets after a major Israeli offensive in 2009 .
But other Palestinian militant groups have continued to shell Israeli towns .
The Israeli Defence Force says that more than 20 rockets and mortars have been fired at Israeli towns near the border with Gaza this year .
Most of the unguided missiles do not hit their targets .
There have been several Israeli airstrikes in recent months targeting tunnel operators who smuggle goods into the Gaza Strip .
Israel tightened its blockade of the Gaza Strip in June 2007 , after Hamas pushed out the forces of its more secular rival Fatah , which the Islamic movement had beaten in elections the previous year .
Israel and Egypt currently deny entry into Gaza for all but the basic humanitarian supplies .
From the Association of American Railroads : Rail Time Indicators .
The AAR reports traffic in January 2010 was down 0.7 % compared to January 2009 .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows U.S. average weekly rail carloads .
It is important to note that excluding coal , traffic is up 11.3 % from January 2009 , and traffic increased in 13 of the 19 major commodity categories .
Housing :
In addition to the decline in coal , two key building materials were also down YoY from January 2009 : Forest products ( off 27.0 % ) and Nonmetallic minerals & prod .
( crushed stone , gravel , sand was off 16.6 % ) .
This fits with the recent data on housing starts , new home sales , and the NAHB home builder index that shows residential investment is flat and non-residential investment is declining sharply .
From AAR :
• U.S. freight railroads originated 1,056,684 carloads in January 2010 , an average of 264,171 carloads per week — down 0.7 % from January 2009 ( 265,983 average ) and down 17.7 % from January 2008 ’s 321,040 average .
• Carloads excluding coal were up 11.3 % ( 58,467 carloads ) in January 2010 from January 2009 , though they were still down 19.9 % from January 2008 .
• In January 2010 , 13 of the 19 major commodity categories tracked by the AAR saw carload gains compared with January 2009 .
Carloads of chemicals were up 13.2 % from last year , while carloads of primary metal products ( predominantly steel ) were up 28.0 % .
• The biggest carload percentage gain in January 2010 went to motor vehicles and parts , carloads of which were up 65.7 % in January 2010 from January 2009 ’s severely depressed level .
emphasis added
And , the nearly 80 million Baby Boomers phasing into retirement will set in motion a dynamic that — if not addressed by Congress — could result in the next generation getting fewer benefits .
However , despite fears that Boomers will trigger a collapse of Social Security , experts say the system can and will survive for decades and generations to come .
Congress made significant fixes to Social Security during the 1970s , the 1980s and the 1990s , and there appears to be a slowly gathering political will to make it solvent for the next 75 years .
By 2017 , Social Security is expected to start paying out more than it collects in payroll taxes , according to the 2009 Annual Report from the Social Security and Medicare Board of Trustees .
There is currently a large surplus , but it will be drained by the year 2037 .
At that point , Social Security will only be able to pay out 75 percent of its benefits .
A separate report , done by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , concludes much the same thing , but gives the system another 10 years before it begins to fall apart .
This is a response to a great comment I got on one of my recent posts :
The Independent Fight Below the Belt – How South American Independents are Organizing .
I thought this comment brought up an extremely important issue for independent artists that everyone needs to be made aware of .
Reader Comment :
Dante , South America is not alone in this idea .
Here in Portland , OR we have organized a few hundred musicians around this idea through Fair Trade Music .
Our goal is slightly different , we are trying to shift the local market of concert venues to actually pay the musicians they hire to promote their business and entertain their customers .
At the moment most places that regularly have live music are forcing their employee costs and what little promotion they do on the artists .
Keeping the lion ’s share of money from ticket sales and considering the artists lucky they get what ’s left .
The problem Brian mentioned is a HUGE one and as you said it makes the artists not think of themselves as professionals and behave in a professional manner .
Imagine if a bar or restaurant made it a condition of their contract with a beer distributor that the distributor pay their bartenders wage .
How nice do you think that conversation would be ?
Have a look at http://www.fairtrademusicpdx.org, I would love to hear your thoughts on the matter .
Cheers , Graham
Hi Graham , thank you so much for bringing this to my attention .
I ’m sure this is going on all around the country , and it ’s main contributor is the problem Brian mentioned , where people ’s outlook on the musician as a profession is just dismissive , and insulting .
The only way to fight it is it to do exactly what you ’re doing and organize .
It ’s extremely important that you get the artists to hear about you and the issues , and help you act .
My plan if I were you , would be to create the standard business model proposal for your area that you would wish to see , and get all of the independent artists there to talk about it and agree to it .
Then I would have them put pressure on the establishments to agree to abide by the terms , or the musicians will simply not play there .
It has to be an organized and united movement .
At first , not playing at an establishment for not agreeing to the model may mean no shows at all , but if the promoter keeps trying to book shows and ALL of the artists turn them down unless they agree to the new terms , they will be forced to agree .
The result in the end will mean more money for all artists .
It will not work however if some artists do not want to sacrifice a few shows for a better result in the end .
If the promoter can find artists who will play for cheap , and not care about their rights to be taken seriously , the whole thing can fall apart .
Every link in the chain matters .
This is an amazing cause you ’re fighting for , and I will help you in every way possible .
I think this needs to spread much further than just Portland , but even if one city can demonstrate success , it will give indie artists from other regions more of a reason to do the same , and it will give them a draft from which to build their own model for their city .
If I were you , I would start creating the model you would like to see , that would make everyone happy .
It wo n’t be easy , but someone has to do it , and the standards need to be changed .
It ’s exactly what I ’m doing with Beat - Play .
I ’ve actually taken a break from being a full time lyricist / performer / producer and focused on changing the standard business model in the industry , with the help of the internet , because without these standards being changed , my work is rendered less valuable , to me , and eventually to everyone else .
The system just does n’t work .
We need people that can sacrifice their true calling for a little , while they work to preserve the integrity of their dreams and their field , and secure the future prosperity of their industry , or there may not be any industry left to work in .
We need people like you who are organizing , and doing the work that needs to be done , so that others do n’t have to .
However , everyone does play a role , and independent artists do have a job in order for the hard work to be appreciated and felt .
They need to come together , and agree to support things like a local fair trade music act , that can have tremendous results for themselves and all their peers if they do , and this is a duty which independents share that I cannot stress enough .
It ’s our job to search these things out , and make these things known and we need to remember that in these especially hard times .
Let me know if you need help drafting the language to make fair trade a strong ordinance in your area that all of the independent artists can agree on .
It ’s starts with organization , and we need to stick together .
Thanks again Graham , for bringing this to my attention .
I will do the same for others .
And do n’t hesitate to email me if you need help .
Dante@musicwithoutlabels.com
Written by : Dante Cullari Founder & President Beat - Play , LLC
The Other Side Of Were
The curse of the Werewolf has existed for many years , scaring young children and savaging mighty heroes .
These days the Werewolf has many companions to share its curse with : Werebears , Wereboars , Wererats and Weretigers are just a few of the many animal types that have become part of the Lycanthropic curse .
With all the savage rampages and furious snarling howls filling the nights of the full moon , have you ever wondered if their was a curse or disease that had an almost opposing affect ?
Rycanthropic curses can affect all forms of life , shifting and morphing them into humanoids .
Below are the descriptions and ecologies for some possible types of the Rycanthropic disease .
The Rycanthropic Curse
During the days and nights of the new moon , strange people wander the forests and cities of the world .
These lost and confused souls are sufferers of Rycanthropy , simple animals that have been infected and spend three days every month in the form of a humanoids .
Over many years of infection , a certain amount of intelligence is acquired and maintained through the constant transformations .
For all intensive purposes the cities greatest warrior could actually be a horse , while the savage deaths on the rural farmstead is the vagrant soul of a wolf in human form .
The infection maintains the life of these animals for many years past their normal life expectancy , with some Werelves living nearly as long as their namesake .
In most cases , confrontations with Werehumans , Werelves and Weredwarves are harmless , as the creature maintains it ’s primal mentality for many years .
Rangers , druids and any other adventurers with a strong connection to nature can communicate with these frightened and confused creatures .
While in the later stages of the curse , open conversations are commonplace as the Rycanthropes travel throughout cities and towns , interacting with the locals .
The transformation from beast to human , elf or dwarf is not magical in its origin , therefore magical detection of these creatures shows them as the race they are portraying .
This undetectable disguise has lead to some civilised yet sinister beings infecting themselves in order to infiltrate kingdoms or wreak havoc upon their enemies .
Goblins masquerade as small children , kidnapping and enticing the young away from their homes , while orcs fill taverns and bars causing fights and killing innocents to sate their blood lust .
Several undead creatures also use the Rycanthropic curse to move amongst the living undeterred , Zombies feed relentlessly passing both their undead and metamorphic curse to their victims .
Lichs and vampires use the curse to avoid magical detection , with the later walking the sun lit paths for three days each month
Who Man
Werehumans , come in all shapes and sizes .
Wide - eyed children skitter across the walkways and alleys .
Cow brained farmers wander farms aimlessly , unaware of their altered physical state .
When a Werehuman needs to be dealt with , they can only be killed with a weapon crafted from Gold .
Lythi is a sixteen year old Werehuman that has earned a name for herself amongst the local thieves guild .
Her cat like reflexes and agility has let her pull jobs and gain access to places other more seasoned thieves have only dreamed of .
However this expert thief spends the majority of her time walking the halls of the local lord ’s manor in the form of the family cat .
The matron of the ‘ Silk Orchid ’ thieves guild has sought to recruit Lythi for almost a year now , but the lack of reply and the fact that Lythi has been able to allude the ‘ Silk Orchid ’s ’ agents for so long has made the matron furious with the Werehuman .
Several law enforcers and ‘ Silk Orchid ’ agents are hunting Lythi , something the cat is still oblivious to as she searches eagerly for a way to make her transformation more permanent .
The Pale Skin orcs have been tormenting local settlements for years under the guise as human bandits .
The wizened war chief Grunam , has kept his small tribe safely hidden in the mountains for many years , killing anyone that wanders near their elaborate cavernous stronghold .
During the cycle of the new moon , the orcs rush forth from their bastion and assault any human structure they can find , causing mayhem and destruction for three full days .
The locals of the area believe the rampaging horde to be a curse .
Many warriors and even farmers tell tales of striking down these vicious bandits with mighty blows , only to see the fallen bandit rise up and rejoin the fight in a matter of minutes .
The Pale Skin orcs have yet to face an opponent wielding golden weapons and believe themselves invincible , they act rashly and strike in uncoordinated frenzies that could easily be quelled with the right weapons .
Where Dwarves !
Considered a blasphemy against the prestigious bloodlines of Dwarven lineage .
Weredwarves a very rarely accepted by the mountainous folk they take after .
The lives of any Weredwarf found within the sacred halls of Dwarven kingdom are forfeit , however such drastic actions are not so quickly taken outside the Dwarven bastions .
Weredwarves found wandering the world are often left alone , but treated with disgust and hatred when near dwarves .
Humans and Elves do not tend to hold the same grudges to Weredwarves .
Weapons crafted from the sacred Dwarven metal , Mithral are the only way to dispatch a Weredwarf .
Insatiable greed and a lack of morale fortitude has lead the mining tycoon Alistair to begin catching and training Weredwarves .
This foolish human , uses his trained Weredwarves to infiltrate Dwarven holds and steal their most precious treasures and large quantities of Mithral .
As time has past , Alistair ’s operation has grown to be more profitable than his actually mining expeditions .
The constant deaths of his Weredwarf slaves are of little consequence , with his farms churning out several Weredwarves each month , cows being the easiest to train .
As the Dwarven kingdoms fury mounts at their losses , they tirelessly search for the cowardly mastermind behind the thefts of their sacred heirlooms and treasures .
Their investigation has lead them to the nearby human city , where diplomatic endeavours of enraged Dwarves have not ended well .
With tensions between the two mighty kingdoms constantly mounting , the only person set to gain from war and turmoil is Alistair .
We Are Elves
Meandering through the blessed forests and sacred groves of Elven kind are the Werelves .
Without the grace and poise of an actual elf , Werelves are often easily identified by their namesake .
Instead exiling the impostors , most woodland elves cherish the appearance of Werelves .
Believing the appearance of these creatures to be a blessing from Mother Nature .
Most elves take in their morphed brethren and help them learn the ways and methods of the elves .
On the days of the new moon , many woodland creatures can be found within the grand cities of the elves , trading , talking and learning .
Werelves have a strong resistance to all metals and as such can only be harmed and killed by weapons crafted from wood .
Deep within the Underdark a powerful Drow family holds a very powerful secret .
Within the ranks of Del ’ Zaath , an elite squad of Werelves is hidden .
With the poise and grace of Drow warriors , the cursed Werelves easily blend within Elven streets .
During the three days of the new moon , this small contingent of Werelves is hidden deep within the sacred halls of the families shrine to Lolth , protecting them from the prying spells of a high priestess .
The Del ’Zaath have used the curse of the Werelf to rise to prominence within the Underdark , the exploits of the Del ’ Zaath families countless topside missions is legendary .
The Del ’Zaath has never lost a single skirmish with their forsaken cousins and the matron mother holds the crown of an ancient Elven king .
Using the cursed Werelves to infiltrate and sabotage Elven cities before the Del ’ Zaath army strikes , keep this noble Drow family in very high esteem with Lolth .
After countless years of difficult study and patience , the Werelf Druid , Wilid , is believed to be most powerful druid upon the material plane .
Starting life a millennia ago as a small Finch , the bird was quickly infected with Rycanthropy .
Finding acceptance and a home amongst the grove of some local Elves , Wilid was cared for and taught the Elven methods .
Over the years of her long life , the small bird has managed to retain her intellect and abilities will in her natural form .
All animals calm in the presence of Wilid , rabid wolves will quiet and even cower within the graceful presence of the druid .
Her healing abilities are second to none and her mastery of the natural forces could sink entire continents .
A constant link to her home and surrounds keeps Wilid busy , saving and healing animals throughout the forest .
Any would be adventurer and vagrant spirit that gets lost within the grand woods of her kingdom , will often be rescued and led to safety by a small yellow finch , while those that wish harm upon her charge are never seen again .
What weird creatures have you Were ’d ?
What kind of havoc would you play on your party with a Rycanthrope ?
Tell us in the comments section !
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Free Role - Playing Games
This is a collection of links to over 500 free role - playing games ( RPGs ) on the WWW .
RPG here refers solely to narrative ( aka " table - top " , " pencil - and - paper " ) games rather than various computer games , MUSH's , etc .
For more info , see my general RPG page .
In general , each game is listed with author , a capsule description , page count , and file format ( i.e. ASCII , HTML , PDF , etc. ) .
The meaning of " page count " is semi-arbitrary for ASCII and HTML , since results differ for different browsers and print setups , but they are at least consistent within each category .
In addition , each entry has a set of non-exclusive keywords .
i.e. A well - documented rules - lite game like Fudge will appear as both " rules - lite " and " long " , while a science fantasy game will appear as both " scifi " and " fantasy " .
See my category explanation for what the keywords mean .
John H. Kim < jhkim - at - darkshire - dot - net >
What 's better than one hands - on report to whet your appetite ahead of the release of a new gadget ?
Why , two of them , of course , and it's the convertible ASUS T101MT getting the stereo impressions .
The machine has netbook specs ( 1.6GHz Atom N450 CPU , 2GB RAM , 320GB HDD , etc. etc. ) combined with a 10.1 - inch multitouch screen , which both of the sites giving early impressions rated poorly .
Responsiveness is said to be less than stellar , and while one of these previewers was able to improve it with some extra calibration , precision near the top of the screen still sounds bad .
Build quality looks good ( for an Eee ) and the form factor certainly looks nice , but we 're losing a little faith in this entrant after watching the video below .
Check it out for yourself and see what you think , but do n't write it off just yet : these are still pre-production models and a little firmware magic could whip this tablet into shape before its release -- whenever that will be .
Does Google like auto - generated websites wrapped in Google AdSense ads ?
The short answer is no .
The long answer is a bit more convoluted .
But so long as they are ...
well branded
well funded
operating at scale
good at public relations
... the answer is yes , autogenerated websites full of scraped content are fine .*
* based on Mahalo.com
Mahalo SEO Spam Case Study
The Sales Pitch & Launch
Originally when launching Mahalo , Jason Calacanis claimed that it would be spam free and that SEOs would have hell to pay .
He had a multi - month sales pitch leading up to the launch of his site where he kept stating that Squidoo is spam and kept calling SEOs scumbags so he could pull in attention and links .
This was well received by SEO conference organizers because people would talk about how outrageous Jason 's speech was online , so ( seeking marketing for their conferences ) the SEO conference organizers acted like lap dogs standing in line waiting for their turn to have Jason call their paying attendees scumbags .
The publicity strategy worked great as it helped land Jason some mainstream press coverage and a lot of ditto head bloggers ( who lacked either the experience or the mental faculty needed to see the bigger picture ) got behind Jason .
The Wikpedia page about Mahalo reflects the public relations driven misinformed pitch
Search results quality Mahalo's goal is to improve search results by eliminating search spam from low - quality websites , such as those that have excessive advertising , distribute malware , or engage in phishing scams .
Webmasters have a vested interest in seeing their sites listed .
Calacanis has said that algorithmic search engines , like Google and Yahoo , suffer from manipulation by search engine optimization practitioners .
Mahalo's reliance on human editors is intended to avoid this problem , producing search results that are more relevant to the user .
When people steal / borrow / syndicate content without any editorial value add or original content , and then wrap it in ads that is generally considered spam .
We will come back to that topic later , I promise ! ;)
Early Media Success
Around the above conversation flowed a bunch of links , which helped Mahalo get off to a fast start .
At first Jason claimed he wanted to create " the best " content for the most popular search queries .
Many members of the media were duped by Jason 's misinformation , as well reflected in the cNet article titled Jason Calacanis ' Mahalo :
Screw the long tail :
Instead of a server farm that crawls through the entire known
Web so it can automatically match Web pages to the queries you type , Mahalo 's search results are created by humans , in anticipation of the queries its users will type in .
How can this possibly work ?
Because , Calacanis says , the top 10,000 search terms account for 24 percent of all searches .
If you can create great results for the top results , users will learn to appreciate the difference between machine search results -- which are often thrown off by spam and poor - quality links -- and human - powered search pages , lovingly created by caring search editors .
For the obscure " long tail " queries that make up the 76 percent of search terms , Mahalo will serve up Google results .
Their first x articles were typically thin link lists , but hand generated .
But since the pages were just link lists they were not remarkable enough to be linkworthy and the service was not sticky enough to keep people coming back .
So Mahalo also decided to ramp up link building & awareness using 4 strategies :
A person who claims to have worked for Mahalo named Matthew Wayne Selznick wrote :
Regarding the Mahalo Blog Network : I do n't know how recent that screenshot is , but it 's amusing to see the blogs of several people who have either left the company or were laid off last October , when half the in - house editorial staff ( including myself ) was purged .
...
When I was working for Mahalo , staff were strongly encouraged to get blogs if we did n't have them and blog about Mahalo whenever there was a high - traffic opportunity like an awards show , sports or political event .
...
I unsubscribe from the blogs of my former co-workers when the majority of their posts are Mahalo link parades , just as I unsubscribe from any blog when it becomes a mouthpiece .
Their content was not Pulitzer prize level , but the strategy paid off and they started pulling in search traffic .
Strategy Shift
In spite of claiming that he just wanted to dominate the short head of search volume , that is not how Mahalo started gaining search traffic .
Even if they poured hundreds of Dollars into a piece of content the generalist content with little to no topical expertise could not compete for the most competitive and highest traffic search keywords .
You need to have something useful or original to add to the conversation if you want to compete for the most competitive keywords , and penny pinching outsourced content does n't get the job done there .
Instead what happened was that they ranked almost instantly for keywords like " best computer speakers " even with low quality scraped content .
Around the time I highlighted the emergence of that strategy , Google 's Matt Cutts was interviewed about it and claimed that it was fine because Jason Calacanis was using MediaWiki to create his site .
Jason also did a bit of damage control in a Sphinn comment where he claimed the spam pages were " experimental pages " that " we are no indexing "
In his own words :
That was 671 days ago .
What has happened since ?
A Prediction
Around the time of the above incident John Andrews ( who gets the SEO field as well as anyone does ) stated :
Everyone just copy Jason Calcanis and Mahaloo , ok ?
That sounds like a GREAT idea .
Jason dissed SEOs in public , at a keynote , on purpose , and then learned a bit so he was n’t quite so ignorant of SEO any more , and is now working the SERPs as a black hat SEO .
Jason dissed affiliates in public , at a keynore , on purpose , and then learned a bit so he ’s not as ignorant of affiliate marketing as he was before , and now Mahaoloo has embedded ( inline ) affiliate links ( take a look .. added since Affiliate Summit ) .
I think every " Learn how to Make Money Fast on the Internets " web site should simply point to Mahaoulo and say " copy them ..
they are riding the black edge of gray hat SEO " and be done with it .
So simple ... just copy them .
As they add pages , add splogs on those same topics because those are money terms .
Every time they link to some resource , link to it from that blog .
Scan technorati for Jason ’s comments , and add one of your own right into that thread .. every time .
Let Jason pave the way to profits .... each time he justifies his spam , he ’s justified YOUR spam as well .
Every time he explains how he ’s not a spammer , he ’s explaining why YOUR not a spammer either .
Best of all , he ’s being your spokesperson for FREE !
Was John Andrews once again correct ?
Lets take a look behind the curtains :D
What Happened ?
Well the above computer speakers page that was highlighted still ranks in the top 5 search results in Google .
And the site has been growing quickly , with traffic increasing at least 3 - fold over the past couple years .
Jason used the economic downturn as a convenient excuse to fire most of their editorial staff .
But a big piece of that traffic growth is that they have got more sophisticated in their content scraping strategy .
To appreciate how reliant their model is on scraping content , I want you to see how a new page starts off .
Once you strip the ads and scraped content from that page there is nothing left but branding & navigation .
Two other noteworthy things about that page are that it was generated by a robot ( see below ) and that it is already indexed in Google .
Once you have enough domain authority you can publish automated scraped garbage and rank well in Google .
It is the Mahalo strategy .
That page ( which was automatically generated in under a minute by a fake user robot named searchclick ) is already ranking well in Google !
How do you know searchclick is a fake user ?
Well look through all the different pages they created in under a minute over the course of the last year ... likely 10,000 's of them .
Understanding the Insidious Nature of Mahalo's Scraping
Search engines like Google scrape content so that they may provide a service of value to end users * and* publishers .
When they make your snippets they are used to help promote your website .
What Mahalo does is take snippets , and publish them as content on their site .
So they use your page titles and your content snippet to rank their site using your content , without your permission .
If you optimize your page titles on a new blog post you are helping to feed relevant optimized content into the Mahalo machine .
They will scrape it , and if you are less authoritative than they are , they will likely outrank you !
To add further insult to injury , they put nofollow on links back to the content source which they are scraping content from , so while they are " borrowing " your content you are not getting any link credit for it .
And It Gets Worse !!!
As abusive and as extreme as the above sounds , it is actually only the first step in the process .
What happens next is that if your content ( published on Mahalo without permission ) causes the Mahalo page to rank for new valuable keywords then they may feed those keywords into their page generation tool and keep making more auto - generated pages in that area , leveraging their domain authority and YOUR content to compete against you while building an automated spam empire .
Some of the top earning pages might have freelancers thicken them out , but the only reason humans are involved at that stage is to legitimize the mass content scraping farm that is the base of the operation .
If a company has 200,000 + automated pages with 0 overhead that make 5 cents / day each that is real cashflow - $ 10,000 + per day of profit !
Still not convinced of the profit potential ?
Mahalo.com has ~ 300,000 pages indexed in Google .
On auto - generated pages it is far easier to get people to click an AdSense ad than it is to get them to buy something from Amazon.com ( and you profit on 100 % of the ad clicks vs only 1 % of the Amazon.com clicks that convert ) .
While there are 4 AdSense blocks * above * the Amazon.com affiliate links , Jason did $ 250,000 on Amazon 's affiliate program last year " without trying " ( again , his own stats in his own words ... see Flickr.com/photos/jasoncalacanis/4234615626/ ) .
Putting it All Together
If you build link equity and are good at public relations you can get away with murder in Google .
Scale it big enough and the guidelines simply do NOT apply to you .
Most people who try to " pull a Mahalo " and spam up Google will likely fail because they lack
the public relations & affiliations needed to attempt to legitimize such a strategy
the willingness to lie just to get a bit of media ink
the public relations & media savvy to pull such a major bait and switch without getting caught
the domain authority to make it work algorithmically
Originally when launching Mahalo , Jason Calacanis claimed that it would be spam free and that SEOs would have hell to pay .
Now that he is scraping your content ( and adding nofollow to the links to your content ) I think he is right .
You are losing out on your search traffic because an authority site is " borrowing " your content and outranking you with your own content .
Jason got Squidoo penalized by calling it spam , and under the same level of scrutiny , how is Mahalo which scrapes millions of 3rd party content listings * without any editorial filter * not spam ?
Squidoo at least donates $ 10,000 a month to charity .
Mahalo just steals your content without permission and keeps all the cash .
Are the search results going to start filling up with Twitter recycling start ups ?
What happens when the media gets in on this " what the bloggers have to say " scraping game ?
Does it even matter who created the content so long as someone wraps it in ads & ranks it ?
I do n't think we can stop people from being greedy or stealing , but I am surprised Google has turned a blind eye to this process .
Is this what they want the web to become ?
Apolo Ohno , the most decorated American short - track speed skater in Winter Olympic history , may also solidify his reputation as the most “ ungentlemanly sportsman ” in South Korea .
While his pictures showed up on the front pages of a handful of U.S. newspapers , he may not know that his name was on the front pages of the most , if not all , South Korean newspapers on the same day .
In America , he is famous .
In South Korea he is notorious .
Lee Jung - su , the South Korean gold winner at the men's 1,500 - meter short - track , accused Ohno of being “ unqualified ” to share the same awarding podium , publicly criticizing Ohno ’s rough play that was reportedly often done in a subtle manner and therefore went unnoticed in the eyes of the referees .
“ Ohno did n’t deserve to stand on the same medal podium , ” Lee said , Yonhap News Agency reported .
Lee was commenting on the manner Ohno played in the same match where the latter earned the silver by windfall when two other South Korean gold favorites -- Sung Si-bak and Lee Ho-suk -- crashed into each other in their final stretch toward the finish .
Ohno was trailing behind them .
“ Okay , it ’s technically not a foul play as long as the referees did n’t notice .
But ( Ohno ) used his arms too aggressively today . ”
Lee fumed : “ I was so enraged that it was difficult for me to contain myself even as I was doing a winner ’s ceremony . ”
Among South Koreans ,
Ohno ’s name is synonymous to an “ ungentlemanly athlete ” with a good reason .
At the 2002 Winter Olympics , in the 1500 m race , Ohno won the gold medal , with a time of 2:18.541 .
During the 1500 m final race , South Korean Kim Dong - Sung was actually first across the finish line , but was disqualified for blocking Ohno , in what is called “ cross tracking . ”
Ohno was in second place with three laps remaining , and on his third attempt to pass on the final lap , Kim drifted slightly to the inside where Ohno raised his arms and came out of his crouch to signal that he was blocked .
Fourth - place finisher of the same race , Fabio Carta of Italy , showed his disagreement with the judge ’s decision , saying that it was " absurd that the Korean was disqualified . "
The disqualification upset South Korean supporters , many of whom directed their anger at Ohno .
The incident so enraged Koreans that some say he contributed to instigating anti-American sentiment in South Korea .
About
Escape Into Life features art and literature by emerging and established artists from all over the world .
Innovative transport
Some people are really resourceful …
Check this funny and stupid ways of transport .
My favorite one is 2 guys with 3 pig on motorbike 🙂
Unbelievable hehe
More funny pictures like these :
By Matthew Price
BBC News , Port-au - Prince
Haiti is already fighting one battle against Mother Nature .
Now it is facing another .
In just a few weeks , by the end of March , or in April , the rainy season will begin .
Some 700,000 people are living out in the open , in makeshift shelters .
The luckier have found old and rusty corrugated iron roofs .
Others huddle under bed - sheets strung between wooden poles .
Shelter is , according to aid agencies , a monumental challenge .
This week there was a taste of what to expect .
At 5 am , as children , mothers and fathers slept for their 29th night under the stars , the heavens opened .
Overwhelming stench A flood of water came , running down the roads and the camps , dripping through the cardboard and bed - sheets that have until now given some shelter .
By mid-morning the sun had dried everything off , but when the rains come and fall for hours and weeks on end , the capital Port - au - Prince will be turned into a giant mud bath .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Finding a solution is a huge undertaking , and the logistical problems are immense .
Haiti does n't simply need to be re-built .
It needs to be built from scratch .
Aid agencies on the ground admit it 's hard to know where to begin .
When the Asian tsunami struck , the recovery effort was helped by the fact that the homeless were spread out .
In Port - au - Prince they are largely crammed and concentrated into a finite urban area .
There is little room to build new dwellings .
Port - au - Prince is a city of smells - none of them particularly pleasant .
Down by the river the stench is overwhelming .
It claws at the back of the throat , reaches deep into the nostrils .
A month ago it was the scent of decaying bodies that lingered in this city .
Fraught future
Now it is the smell of human excrement .
The Red Cross has started a massive vaccination programme A pig wallows , its snout in the water , looking for scraps .
Children and adults walk past , some barefoot , treading in the human waste that litters the riverbank .
The river is a huge public toilet .
Beside it sit the makeshift shacks and shelters that now house the homeless - and which are turning this city into one sprawling slum .
The American official appointed by President Barack Obama to oversee the humanitarian mission here , Ambassador Lewis Lucke , says the immediate problems have been dealt with .
" There is no food crisis , no water crisis , " he said .
He says medical help has arrived in large quantities .
This is a good start , but no - one is under any illusions here .
The way forward for this fragile country is fraught and dangerous .
Under the searing tropical sun a mother holds her child firmly .
He lets out a piercing scream .
A needle is pushed into his arm : a vaccine against measles .
It 's estimated that four out of five children here are susceptible to the disease .
What next ?
The Red Cross has started a massive vaccination programme , under the direction of the Haitian Ministry of Health .
" Hundreds of thousands are living in dire conditions .
There 's an increasing risk of communicable disease , " one doctor says .
So much of the china is literally broken in this country there is a chance to put it back in we hope a better way
US Ambassador Lewis Lucke
Battered Haitian art shines through
The buildings that were destroyed when the earth shook were clumsy structures - but they had basic sanitation , toilets and sinks , drainage .
The slums that are replacing them have nothing .
Their dirt alleys are narrow and crowded .
One month on there is a key question .
Now that the emergency is over , now that the survivors have been pulled from the rubble , now that most of the injured are getting the treatment they need , now that food and water are getting in through the port : what next ?
It is a huge and pressing issue .
For decades Haiti has been dependent on outside help and money .
An estimated 60 % of its government budget comes from foreign aid .
Most individuals here survive thanks to the money sent to them by relatives living overseas .
It would be relatively easy , given the money raised , to re-build the presidential palace , the government ministries , La Grande Rue - the commercial heart of Haiti - its Wall Street , if you like .
These are all important things to accomplish .
They will be the foundations of the new Haiti .
How though to create a new city , and country , which in the longer term can support itself ?
As US Ambassador Lucke put it : " So much of the china is literally broken in this country that there is a chance to put it back in a different way and we hope in a better way . "
Only though with a sustained , years - long commitment from the international community will that happen .
And without it , Haiti will simply be another disaster waiting to happen .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Step one :
Make legal abortions all - but - impossible to obtain :
In 2005 , there were 6 abortion providers in Utah .
This represents a 50 % increase from 2000 , when there were 4 abortion providers .
In 2005 , 93 % of Utah counties had no abortion provider .
55 % of Utah women lived in these counties .
In the West census region , where Utah is located , 18 % of women having abortions traveled at least 50 miles , and 5 % traveled more than 100 miles .
Step two : Charge women who attempt to obtain illegal abortions with homicide :
The Utah Senate has joined the House in allowing homicide charges against expectant mothers who arrange illegal abortions .
Step three :
While you 're at it , write the law so broadly that it could apply to any miscarriage :
In addition to criminalizing an intentional attempt to induce a miscarriage or abortion , the bill also creates a standard that could make women legally responsible for miscarriages caused by " reckless " behavior .
Using the legal standard of " reckless behavior " all a district attorney needs to show is that a woman behaved in a manner that is thought to cause miscarriage , even if she did n't intend to lose the pregnancy .
Drink too much alcohol and have a miscarriage ?
Under the new law such actions could be cause for prosecution .
" This creates a law that makes any pregnant woman who has a miscarriage potentially criminally liable for murder , " says Missy Bird , executive director of Planned Parenthood Action Fund of Utah .
Bird says there are no exemptions in the bill for victims of domestic violence or for those who are substance abusers .
The standard is so broad , Bird says , " there nothing in the bill to exempt a woman for not wearing her seatbelt who got into a car accident . "
Such a standard could even make falling down stairs a prosecutable event , such as the recent case in Iowa where a pregnant woman who fell down the stairs at her home was arrested under the suspicion she was trying to terminate her pregnancy .
DougJ points to the crucial fact :
Miscarriage occurs in about 15 - 20 % of all recognized pregnancies , and usually occurs before the 13th week of pregnancy .
The actual percentage of miscarriages is estimated to be as high as 50 % of all pregnancies , since many miscarriages occur without the woman ever having known she was pregnant .
At least one of the bill 's sponsors is a woman , but nonetheless you have to ask :
Do the people who voted for this law even know any women ?
Because it 's easy not to realize how common miscarriage is until you 've had friends who were pregnant .
But once you 've had friends who 've been pregnant , you have friends who've had miscarriages .
Friends who desperately wanted to be pregnant .
Friends on fertility treatment and friends trying to get pregnant before the clock ran out .
Also friends who had n't been trying to get pregnant and maybe had n't decided how they felt about it .
But that does n't make them criminals .
Maybe TV and movies have done us this disservice , since a convenient miscarriage is the favored way out of having a character choose to terminate a pregnancy .
Maybe that 's why these legislators want to criminalize miscarriage -- maybe they 're just stupid enough to think that , like TV characters , real - life women only have miscarriages right after they get off the phone with the abortion clinic .
Or maybe they just hate women that much :
" For all these years the anti-choice movement has said ‘ we want to outlaw abortion , not put women in jail , but what this law says is ‘ no , we really want to put women in jail . ' "
( Further discussion available in Amplify Your Voice 's recommended diary . )
@@ Read more about Whitespace at http : // compsoc . dur . ac . uk / whitespace /index .
php
( ns whitespace
( : gen-class )
( : use [ clojure .
contrib .
duck - streams ] ) )
( defmulti translate class )
( defmulti read - wsl # ( . exists ( java . io .
File . % ) ) )
( defn sub
" Because god kills a kitten everytime you write .replaceAll "
[ from to ph ]
( . replaceAll ph from to ) )
( defmethod translate Integer [ n ]
( - >>
n
Math / abs
Integer /toBinaryString
seq
( map # ( if ( = \ 0 % ) " " " \t " ) )
( apply str )
( format " %s%s
" ( if ( pos ? n ) " " " \t " ) ) ) )
( defmethod translate clojure .
lang .
Keyword [ k ]
( k
;; Stack Manipulation
{ : push " "
: dupl "
"
: copy " \t "
: swap "
\t "
: disc "
"
: slid " \t
"
;; Arithmetic
: add " \t "
: sub " \t \t "
: mul " \t
"
: div " \t \t "
: mod " \t \t \t "
;; Heap Access
: store " \t \t "
: retri " \t \t \t "
;; Flow Control
: mark "
"
: call "
\t "
: ju "
"
: jzero "
\t "
: jneg "
\t \t "
: ends "
\t
"
: end "
"
;; I/O
: outc " \t
"
: outi " \t
\t "
: inc " \t
\t "
: ini " \t
\t \t " } ) )
( defmethod translate clojure .
lang .
LazySeq [ al ]
( apply str ( map translate al ) ) )
( defmethod read - wsl false [ string ]
( - >> string
( sub " #. * " " " )
( re-seq # " [ ^
\t ] + " )
( map # ( let [ n % ] ( try ( Integer / parseInt n )
( catch Exception e ( keyword n ) ) ) ) ) ) )
( defmethod read - wsl true [ file ]
( read - wsl ( slurp file ) ) )
( def sample - program
"
###
This program expects a lowercase character and then prints a rhombus like
### a
### b b
# ## c c
### b b
### a
## Stores the character a and the user input in 0 and 1
push 0 push 97 store
push 1 inc
## Increments the argument
push 1
push 1 retri
push 1 add
store
## 2 Loops to process
push 1 retri
push 0 retri
sub
## First Loop
mark 1
dupl jzero 2
dupl push 1 retri sub push - 1 mul
call 101
push 1 sub
ju 1
mark 2 disc
push 1 retri
push 0 retri
sub
push 1 sub
## Second Loop
mark 3
dupl jzero 4
dupl push 0 retri add push 1 sub
call 101
push 1 sub
ju 3
mark 4
end
## Routine used to print a line containing character ( once or twice ) and the correct ammount of whitespace
## Input : a character
mark 101
dupl dupl dupl dupl
call 103
outc
push 0 retri sub
jzero 102
call 104
outc
push 1 push 1
mark 102
disc disc
push 10 out
ends
## Calculates how many spaces we are going to need before the first letter
## Input : a character
mark 103
push 1 retri
sub
push - 1 mul
push 1 sub
call 105
ends
## Calculates how many spaces we are going to need before the second letter
## Input : a character
mark 104
push 0 retri sub
push 2 mul
push 1 sub
call 105
ends
## Prints N whitespace characters
## Input : an integer
mark 105
dupl
jzero 106
push 32
outc
push 1
sub
ju 105
mark 106
disc
ends
" )
This Bugzilla instance is a read - only archive of historic NetBeans bug reports .
To report a bug in NetBeans please follow the project 's instructions for reporting issues .
On Tuesday and Wednesday , Fox breathlessly promoted what it claims to be a new survey from the New England Journal of Medicine showing doctors oppose health care reform , but there ’s a problem : the non-scientific survey was conducted months ago , was not published in the NEJM , and , according to a spokesperson for the journal , it has " nothing to do with the New England Journal of Medicine ’s original research . "
I 've put together a video compilation of Fox 's false claim -- it 's really a remarkable example of journalistic malpractice .
Watch :
A New England Journal of Medicine spokesperson told Media Matters that despite Fox 's claims , such a survey " was not published by the New England Journal of Medicine . "
Contrary to Fox 's claims , the survey had nothing to do with NEJM .
Instead , the survey , which was conducted several months ago and was non-scientific in nature , was posted on a career - oriented website maintained by the publisher of NEJM .
But of course the simple fact that Fox 's reporting was n't true did not prove to be an obstacle to getting it on the air .
After all , Fox knows how to entertain its audience , and it's ' smart ' enough to never let reality never get in the way of a good story .
testing captions
The show ’s creators are for sure going to have to find another title , but at least they now have a star .
CNN has confirmed that William Shatner has been cast to star in an adaptation of the Twitter account @S - MyDadSays .
( You can fill in the dashes . )
The show is reportedly planned as a CBS series to be executive produced by " Will & Grace " creators David Kohan and Max Mutchnick .
The twitter account boasts more than 1 million followers and was started by twenty - something Justin Halpern after he moved back in with his parents .
It features sayings from his cranky , seventy - something dad , who often utters comical insights not suitable for print here .
Halpern also landed a book deal courtesy of his father ’s profane pronouncements , which have covered everything from his son ’s smell while working out to his disdain for the novel “ The DaVinci Code . ”
Shatner has proven his comedic chops with his role in " Boston Legal , " for which he won an Emmy , and as a pitchman for Priceline.com .
Organized labor and its allies are rightly alarmed over the high incidence of on - the - job accidents that have killed or maimed many thousands of workers .
But they haven¹t forgotten ­ nor should we forget ­ the on - the - job violence that also afflicts many thousands .
Consider this :
Every year , almost two million American men and women are the victims of violent crime at their workplaces .
That often forces the victims to stay off work for a week or more and costs their employers more than $ 60 billion a year in lost productivity .
The crimes are the tenth leading cause of all workplace injuries .
They range from murder to verbal or written abuse and threatening behavior and harassment , including bullying by employers and supervisors .
Women have been particularly victimized .
At least 30,000 a year are raped or otherwise sexually assaulted while on the job .
The actual total is undoubtedly much higher , since it¹s estimated that only about one - fourth of such crimes are reported to the police .
Estimates are that more than 900,000 of all on - the - job crimes go unreported yearly , including a large percentage of what¹s thought to be some 13,000 cases annually that involve boyfriends or husbands attacking women at their workplaces .
The Retail , Wholesale & Department Store Union ( RWDSU ) , which represents many of the victimized workers , cites that as an example of the job violence problem that is often distorted by media coverage that “ would lead us to believe that most workplace violence involves worker against worker situations . ”
The union says that has focused many employers “ on identifying troubled employees or disgruntled workers who might turn into violent predators at a moment¹s notice .
But in fact , 62 percent of all violence at worksites is caused by outsiders . ”
As you might expect , those most vulnerable to the violence are workers who exchange money with the public , deliver passengers , goods or services , work alone or in small groups during late night or early morning hours in high - crime areas or wherever they have extensive contact with the public .
That includes police , security guards , water meter readers and other utility workers , telephone and cable TV installers , letter carriers , taxi drivers , flight attendants , probation officers and teachers .
Convenience store clerks and other retail workers account for fully one - fifth of the victims .
The American Federation of Teachers is so concerned that it has provided each of its 1.4 million members a $ 100,000 life insurance policy payable if the teacher dies as the result of workplace violence .
The major violence victims also include health care and social service workers such as visiting nurses , and employees of nursing homes , psychiatric facilities and prisons .
They suffer two - thirds of all physical assaults .
Many of the victims regularly deal with volatile , abusive and dangerous clients , often alone because of the understaffing that ¹s become all too common .
It could get even worse , at least for some workers .
The RWDSU warns that today¹s troubled economic times create additional threats .
The danger is especially great for retail workers whose stores are likely to face increased incidents of theft , some involving gun-wielding robbers .
The RWDSU and other unions have been pushing for recognition of workplace violence as an occupational as well as criminal justice issue .
That would put it under the purview of the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) and state job safety agencies .
The federal and state agencies could then issue enforceable regulations designed to lessen the on - the - job dangers of violence , as they do for other hazardous working conditions .
A few states do that already , but only for a very limited number of industries .
OSHA has issued guidelines for workers in late - night retail jobs , cab drivers and some health care workers , but the guidelines are strictly voluntary .
Although the unions ¹ top priority is for legally binding regulations , they also are pressing employers to meanwhile voluntarily implement violence prevention programs .
Currently , only about one - fourth of them have such programs or any guidelines at all .
The RWDSU ’s Health and Safety Department is offering to help the other employers develop programs .
We have federal and state standards , laws and regulations designed to protect working Americans from many of the serious on - the - job hazards they face daily .
Yet we have generally failed to lay down firm guidelines for protecting workers from the workplace violence that¹s one of the most dangerous hazards of all .
A Special Feature of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences presents the latest scientific insights on so - called tipping elements in the planetary environment .
These elements have been identified as the most vulnerable large - scale components of the Earth System that may be profoundly altered by human interference .
If one or more of those components is tipped -- especially in the course of global warming -- then the age of remarkably stable environmental conditions on Earth throughout the Holocene may end quickly and irreversibly .
This Special Feature was designed and edited by Hans Joachim Schellnhuber of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research ( PIK ) .
It is meant to make a major contribution to the emerging field of sustainability science .
The authors involved analyse altogether eight Earth System components .
Three of them , the biggest dust source on our planet , oceanic biogeochemical cycles , and marine methane hydrates , are discussed in depth as potential tipping elements for the first time ever .
" It is the cardinal question of Earth System and sustainability science whether global warming actually triggers singular transformations of crucial components of the planetary machinery , " says Schellnhuber .
Singular transformations -- as opposed to smooth linear and nonlinear ones -- would dramatically alter the environment in which human civilisations have developed and thrived over many millennia .
" Currently , the climate system still operates in the Holocene mode , but the research presented here underlines that a rise of the global mean temperature beyond two degrees Celsius might push the world into singular - change terrain and therefore needs to be avoided , " Schellnhuber adds .
The PIK scientist has introduced the tipping - elements concept into the research community some ten years ago .
It describes components of the Earth System that could be pushed past critical thresholds by anthropogenic forcing , so that they may " tip " into qualitatively different modes of operation .
In a recent seminal paper , Tim Lenton from the University of East Anglia , Hans Joachim Schellnhuber and an international group of colleagues presented a formal definition and compiled a short - list of the nine tipping elements ranked as the most policy - relevant .
The current Special Feature examines five of these in much more depth : the El Niño / Southern Oscillation phenomenon , Arctic sea-ice and the great polar ice sheets , the Amazon rainforest , the major monsoon systems , and the circulation of ocean currents in the Atlantic Ocean .
In their article , Matthias Hofmann and Stefan Rahmstorf , also from PIK , discuss the last topic , i.e. the stability properties of the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation ( AMOC ) .
The authors present new model simulations of the AMOC response to increased freshwater inflow into the North Atlantic .
These challenge the hypothesis that the resulting circulation weakening and the possibility of abrupt oceanic change are just artefacts arising from model flaws .
Rather , improving the physical realism of the model leads to a greater vulnerability of the projected AMOC stability .
A group of PIK scientists led by Anders Levermann show that every monsoon circulation inherently bears the possibility of an abrupt collapse .
The reason is the moisture - advection feedback which is the core of any monsoon system and was captured in a conceptual model by the authors .
The monsoon rains are essential for agriculture as the source of livelihood for several hundred million people in the pertinent regions , the authors state .
advertisement
David Archer from the University of Chicago and his co-authors provide evidence that methane hydrates in ocean sediments should be regarded as a " slow tipping element " in the Earth 's climate system .
Global warming of some three degrees Celsius could lead to the escape of more than half of the relevant methane stocks , estimated 940 billion tons of carbon , on a millennial time - scale .
This hydrate leakage could cause an additional rise in planetary temperature by 0.5 degrees Celsius .
The authors tie this increase in global mean temperature to the methane , but it would persist through many millennia because methane is oxidised in about a decade to carbon dioxide , which continues to impact climate for many millennia .
Ulf Riebesell and colleagues from the Leibniz Institute of Marine Sciences ( IFM - GEOMAR ) describe the oceans as a climate - system component which is presently undergoing major changes .
The sea is not only warming , it is also becoming more acidic .
Unbridled anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases could alter the cycling of carbon and nutrients in the surface ocean and might damage entire marine ecosystems .
The authors conclude that the current level of knowledge allows no clear answer on whether tipping points in the marine ecosphere exist , but they regard some of the projected shifts in oceanic biogeochemistry and their impacts as severe .
Mojib Latif and Noel Keenlyside , also of IFM - GEOMAR , present a review of the complicated mechanisms ruling the El Niño / Southern Oscillation ( ENSO ) phenomenon .
It leads to strong temperature and precipitation fluctuations in the Equatorial Pacific from one year to another and has widespread effects on the global climate system .
However , current climate models cannot capture the potential tipping point behaviour of the ENSO phenomenon , the authors resume .
Given the potentially huge impacts on biological , chemical and socio-economic systems , the question whether global warming will fundamentally alter the ENSO dynamics in the future has to be investigated further .
A research team led by Richard Washington from the University of Oxford qualifies the biggest dust source on our planet , the Bodélé Depression in Chad , as a potential tipping element .
This area in the southern Sahara releases huge plumes , which carry about 700,000 tons of dust towards the Atlantic and the Amazon basin .
The authors explain that the so - deployed mineral aerosols play a vital role in transcontinental climatic and biophysical feedbacks .
If regional wind patterns or surface erosivities changed due to anthropogenic interference , the dust export from the Bodélé Depression could be substantially modified at time scales as small as one season .
A research team headed by Yadvinder Malhi , also of the University of Oxford , has employed nineteen different global climate models to investigate , whether climate change could cause a large - scale dieback of Amazonian rainforest .
The analysis based on a scenario with continuously increasing global emissions of greenhouse gases over the 21st century suggests that dry season water stress is likely to increase in parts of Amazonia .
The researchers provide evidence that the Amazonian rainforest could reveal characteristic properties of a tipping element with the tendency to change into a seasonal forest .
In his paper on potential threshold behaviour of sea-ice and continental ice - sheets , Dirk Notz of the Max Planck Institute for Meteorology concludes that tipping points more likely exist for the loss of the Greenland ice sheet and the West - Antarctic ice sheet than for the loss of Arctic sea-ice , which could recover rapidly in a cooler climate .
Inland ice could be much more vulnerable to regional warming due to the lack of large internal stabilizing feedbacks as existing for the Arctic sea-ice dynamics .
Melting of the continental ice - sheets could lead to rapid multi-meter rise in mean sea level over the coming centuries .
Finally , Nobel Laureate Mario Molina and his co-authors demand fast action from political and economic decision makers to avoid activation of tipping elements .
They propose to strengthen the Montreal Protocol regarding substances that have high global - warming potentials .
In particular , the scientists make strong cases for an accelerated phasing out of hydrochlorofluorocarbons and a massive reduction of the emissions of soot .
" After two decades of failed climate protection since the 1990 IPCC Report it is more doubtful than ever whether society will manage to confine global environmental change to sub- dangerous levels , " says Hans Joachim Schellnhuber .
The tipping - elements field is developing quickly into a broad and relevant research frontier domain , but the issues pose tough challenges for contemporary science .
Practically none of the planetary cases studied can be either dismissed now -- by firmly ruling out a possible anthropogenic triggering of irregular dynamics -- or settled by providing reliable estimates for activation temperatures and reaction time scales .
" Many of the papers sketch the research way forward , but it seems that we will have to live with at least another decade of tantalising ignorance concerning the most worrying potential impacts of global warming , " says Schellnhuber .
January 29 , 2010
In some ways last night ’s State of the Union address by President Obama was a virtuoso performance .
There were stirring moments , memorable turns of phrase , humor , a defense of activist government , and proposals that will be welcomed , and surely help , millions of people in need .
With the scent of Massachusetts still in the air , the president reasserted his reform agenda and took the fight to the party of obstruction .
In polite , nuanced but forceful terms , he chastised the Republican Party .
In powerful oratory , he challenged some of the main ideological talking points of right - wing extremism , reminded everyone that he inherited record deficits and an unprecedented economic mess , and defended the stimulus bill and other recovery measures , including , and unfortunately the unconditional bank bailouts .
One of the high points of the evening was when the president called out the right - wing ( and maybe worse ) dominated Supreme Court whose members were sitting directly in front of him for their recent decision saying it ’s OK for corporations to throw money into the election process .
One of the low points was his defense of the escalation of troops in Afghanistan and his threatening tone toward Iran and other “ adversaries . ”
Overall , I ’d say that if the leaders of the “ Party of No ” came into the legislative chamber last night with wind in their sails , they left with their sails trimmed and a dour look on their faces .
The evening for them turned out to be a “ bummer . ”
They had hoped to hear President Obama repeat what President Clinton said in his State of the Union address in 1994 : “ The era of big government is over . ”
But the president disappointed them .
While the broad people ’s coalition that elected him will not , I ’m sure , be entirely happy with the president ’s speech , all signs are that his fighting tone ( “ I will not quit ” ) , his focus on the economy , his defense of democratic rights ( civil , labor , women , immigrant , gay and lesbian ) , his insistence on financial reform , and his policy initiatives outlined in the speech , including a health care bill , will reenergize this coalition , which , as of late , has been understandably dismayed by the pace and depth of change .
But this new energy will quickly dissipate if the White House and congressional Democrats go back to ignoring the rumbling from below and bending over backwards to satisfy Republicans and conservatives in their own party .
Working people expect them to draw a line in the sand , show more partisanship , push the legislative process , and tenaciously fight for the American people .
If the Republicans obstruct and filibuster so be it .
At least everybody will know who is blocking legislative measures that would ease the economic crisis when they go to the polls this fall .
But as good as many parts of Obama ’s speech were , it did n’t fully rise in substantive terms to the challenges of our times and this era .
The president could have knocked the ball out of the ballpark , but he settled for less .
He had a chance to make the case for deep - going political , economic and social reform , including radical reform , but he came up short of that .
His speech did n’t have the programmatic depth that is objectively necessary at this moment .
It took us an important step closer to solving the awful economic mess and relieving the human toll that comes with it , but only a step .
Politics is an art as well as a science .
And part of that art includes knowing when to advance and when to retreat .
Last night President Obama did n’t retreat , but he did n’t advance the people ’s agenda to the degree that was possible and necessary .
He roused the nation , but he did n’t hit the high note .
We would probably have to go back to Franklin Roosevelt to find a president who has the trust of our nation ’s multi-racial , multi-national , male - female , young and old working class as President Obama does .
But the people ’s trust has to be constantly renewed – and on the basis of practical performance , on the basis of systematically fighting for the crying needs of the American people .
This president can be a transformative leader ( he has that potential in my view ) , but only if he embraces and fights for a transformative agenda .
That agenda in a full - blown sense has yet to be articulated by him .
If President Obama and the Democrats want to hail the private sector as the engine of growth , I would n’t quibble too much as long as they recognize that the private sector at this moment ( big or small business ) is n’t generating jobs and probably wo n’t for a long time .
In these circumstances , only direct and indirect government intervention in the form of a massive public works jobs program , infrastructure repair and renewal , aid for state and local governments , and special measures for the hardest hit communities , and especially communities of racial minorities and immigrants , stands a chance of lowering unemployment in any kind of meaningful way .
In other words , the economy still has to be re-inflated and restructured along democratic , sustainable , nonmilitary , and worker - friendly lines , but the likelihood of the private sector doing that is zero .
To a degree , the president is moving in this direction , but the pace and nature of the economic reforms that he prescribes is far too limited for the scope and depth of this crisis .
One of the serious missteps that he made last night was his call for a freeze on domestic discretionary spending , beginning in 2011 .
Hopefully the freeze is only a political calculation to ward off the Republican wolves who accuse him of being a “ spend and tax ” liberal .
But in any case , it comes with a price insofar as it entrenches in the public mind that deficit spending is inherently bad and that our budgetary woes are caused by “ handouts ” to the poor and vulnerable , especially people of color and immigrants – not to mention aid to developing countries .
This is an unmitigated falsehood that ruptures our sense of social solidarity , of connectedness to every other human being .
The truth of the matter is that the current budget deficit , as the president said , began during the Bush years as a result of two wars of aggression , mammoth tax breaks to the top income tier , and a bulging military budget .
Fiscal discipline and balanced budgeting are not an article of faith that has to be adhered to no matter what the circumstances .
If that were the case , the U.S. and world economy could easily have tumbled into a full - blown depression last year .
Capitalism is n’t a self - correcting system .
Market failure and crisis are as much a reality as sustained economic growth .
Vicious and reinforcing contractions of the economy can easily leave an economy stagnating at a far from optimum level or in complete ruin unless they are counteracted by aggressive government action and spending measures .
The stimulus and anti-crisis measures of the Obama administration acted as a tourniquet ; it stopped the hemorrhaging .
But it did n’t heal the wound .
If the president looks to the Depression years he will see more than one Roosevelt .
There was the Roosevelt of 1934 - 1936 and the Roosevelt of 1937 .
The 1934 -1936 Roosevelt had hit a wall as far as his reform efforts were concerned and he was faced with a moment of decision as to how to proceed – should he stay the course , retreat , or enlarge his vision .
He chose the latter and thus the New Deal .
Or Obama could look to the 1937 incarnation of Roosevelt who , when seeing a surge of economic activity , decided to cut back on spending and balance the budget , which , as it turned out , was exactly the wrong medicine for an economy in its early stages of recovery .
From President Obama ’s speech it seems like he has n’t definitively decided which Roosevelt he will emulate , although I believe he leans toward the 1934 - 1936 Roosevelt .
Which is what we need .
Admittedly a bold anti-right , anti-corporate course of action wo n’t be easy .
The opponents are many and powerful .
Resist they will .
Thus to level and tilt the playing field in a progressive / radical direction , the president has to be joined , prodded , and where necessary differed with by the labor - led coalition that elected him .
So far it has n’t carried its share of the load ; it is not even strong and united enough to enact even the program that the president outlined last night – let alone win more fundamental reforms .
Too many of us have been content to watch , offer opinions , criticize , express our frustrations , and feel disappointed in the president .
But are n’t we part of the problem too , indeed a big part ?
An era of reform – and especially radical reforms – combines popular , sustained , and united action from below with new political openings from above .
Both are necessary .
Last night the president got the ball rolling , but he did n’t roll it far enough or always in the right direction .
So now it ’s our turn to get a lot more players involved , roll the ball further and roll in the direction of economic security , equality , democracy and peace .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/nasahqphoto/
/ CC BY-NC 2.0
Comments
Affectionately known throughout the world as both “ Her Deepness ” and “ The Strugeon General ” , oceanographer and undwerwater explorer Sylvia Earle , is on a mission — Mission Blue .
Mission Blue is a project whose aim is to create marine preserves through all possible avenues .
And it already has an ambitious plan for this year .
So far in granting Earle ’s wish , Razorfish , an interactive agency , has created a brand and an ocean awareness campaign that will launch in April 2010 .
Earle ’s foundation , has received a $ 1 million grant Planet Heritage Foundation , and a partner network has been created including National Geographic , IUCN , Google Earth and Deep Search Foundation .
But that ’s just the start to realizing a vast upswing in marine protected areas .
More corporate partners are needed to promote ocean issues , more sponsors , and more commitments from world leaders .
It is going to be a massive undertaking – and Mission Blue hopes to inspire all divers to participate .
Stay tuned to DeeeperBlue.com for more details about the launch .
I look around the room again .
In one corner is my 55 gallon fish tank - all the fish are motionless - staring directly at me .
On the small round rug beside my desk sits my dog - he 's staring at me intently , the hackles up on the back of his neck .
I glance over at my tv - I had been watching the Daytona 500 .
Screen was black .
No sound coming from it .
I think back .
Did I shut the tv off to answer the phone ?
No - the remote was still sitting on the coffee table in front of my easy chair , partially covered with this mornings newspaper - I just know I never picked it up .
I look outside the window - the birds that had been cheerfully jumping on and off my bird feeder were sitting motionless on the lid .
Staring in the window - directly at me .
Eerie !
I 'm now feeling a bit apprehensive to say the least .
Click to expand ...
Alejandro Amenabar ’s English - language period pic , about religious clashes in Roman Egypt , stars Rachel Weisz and sports a $ 65 million budget ( and effects to match ) .
And you can now add Spanish blockbuster to the list .
The movie bowed last weekend to nearly $ 8 million in Spain in just three days , and a $ 10.3 million cume .
That ’s the country ’s best opening of the year , ahead of “ Ice Age : Dawn of the Dinosaurs ” and a slew of Hollywood fare .
So why has n’t a U.S. distributor touched it ?
The idea - driven pic — it centers on the tension between religion and science — has sat without a deal since it debuted at the Festival de Cannes .
Sales agent Cinetic tried again at last month ’s Toronto International Film Festival and met with the same guardedness , as buyers worried about marketability and audience .
Along the way , “ Agora ” has become a poster child for the kind of movies U.S. companies are wary of : an expensive , highbrow film that not only wo n’t be made by studios these days but wo n’t even be picked up , at a fraction of the budget , by a distributor .
“ We know ‘ Agora ’ is not the usual popcorn movie , and we know times are tough and everyone ’s trying to be conservative , ” producer Fernando Bovaira said .
“ But we feel the story is very commercial and can cross to all ages and different types of people . ”
There have long been European hits that did n’t cross over to North America .
Tom Tykwer ’s period drama “ Perfume : The Story of a Murderer ” made $ 132 million globally but only $ 2 million domestically .
But that pic was based on a best - seller that few knew about stateside .
“ Agora ” has the look and feel of a U.S. prestige project .
Some have noted that the film -- which takes a skeptical view of early Christians as they battle with pagans -- could be a tough sell to a heartland audience , which otherwise might embrace a period movie with religious ideas .
Financiers and producers ( the film is a joint effort form Spanish firms Mod Producciones , Himenoptero and Telecinco ) were also are said , at least initially , to want a price commensurate with its budget .
But the receipts in Spain could lift some of the financial pressure and bring down the price -- while also convincing buyers of broader audience potential .
“ ( The Spain numbers ) are a great result that ca n’t be ignored , ” Cinetic topper John Sloss said .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The government yesterday expressed concern over plans within the EU to extend maternity leave that could force the Treasury to find an extra £ 2bn if they become law .
Fears of additional costs followed a vote in the European Parliament 's women 's rights committee to extend maternity leave to 20 weeks , with six weeks on full pay .
That compares with UK rules which give pregnant women a year off , of which six weeks are paid at 90 % of the mother 's average pay , followed by 33 weeks on statutory maternity pay of £ 123 a week .
The rest is unpaid .
The government warned that a big rise in paid maternity leave entitlement in Britain could upset the " delicate balance " struck by the current national system .
Lord Young , the employment relations minister , said : " The commission 's proposals are only at an early stage , but we do have concerns and are lobbying hard to get the right deal for the UK .
We already have a generous system … balancing the needs of business and workers . "
The British Chambers of Commerce said the proposed changes would be costly during an economic downturn .
Answers in Genesis is an apologetics ministry , dedicated to helping Christians defend their faith and proclaim the gospel of Jesus Christ .
While California and other states cut higher education budgets , many countries are spending to boost the number and quality of their graduates , setting the stage for brain drains and brain gains as the global economy emerges from the Great Recession , according to a UC Berkeley research paper .
China , Taiwan , South Korea , Germany , France and Brazil are among the major industrial nations that have continued to boost education spending despite the recession , while the United Kingdom and Ireland have joined the United States in making cuts , said John Aubrey Douglass , who wrote the paper for Berkeley 's Center for Studies in Higher Education .
" Over the last decade we have seen higher education elevated to a top policy concern in many nations , where it is seen as vital for economic development and competitiveness , " Douglass said .
But the United States has lagged in this regard , partly because its higher education system is decentralized and controlled by state governments , whereas in many other nations the central government coordinates spending , Douglass said .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
In economic downturns , some of these international competitors have chosen to borrow to fund education , whereas U.S. states generally can't engage in deficit spending .
In the current recession , this has led to steep higher education budget cuts in 34 states , including California , he said .
For years U.S. industrial and academic leaders have warned that the nation is losing its educational edge even as the world shifts to a knowledge - driven economy .
Members of the National Academies , the top U.S. scientific and engineering body , argued that point in a 2005 report , " Rising Above the Gathering Storm . "
This month , Joint Venture Silicon Valley Network , a public policy group , raised similar concerns with regard to the region 's high - tech economy .
Douglass said that two decades ago the United States had the highest college graduation rate of any country in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , a group of 30 top industrialized nations .
Today it ranks 19th .
Recent cuts in higher education by cash - strapped states such as California wo n't help .
" One might postulate that the decisions made today and in reaction to the Great Recession ... will likely accelerate global shifts in the race to develop human capital , with the U.S. losing ground , " he wrote in a paper titled " Higher Education Budgets and the Global Recession , " available at bit.ly / bnY4xp .
Microsoft has issued Security Advisory ( 977377 ) to address a publicly disclosed vulnerability in the Transport Layer Security ( TLS ) and Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) protocols .
The TLS and SSL protocols are implemented in several Microsoft products , both client and server .
Currently Microsoft has concluded that it affects all supported versions of Windows : Windows 2000 SP4 , Windows XP ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , Windows Server 2003 ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , Windows Vista ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , Windows Server 2008 ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , Windows 7 ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , and Windows Server 2008 R2 .
Microsoft says it will update the advisory as the investigation progresses .
This warning should not be confused with the 13 Security Bulletins fixing 26 vulnerabilities Microsoft released today on this month 's Patch Tuesday ; the company is simply stating that it is investigating the flaw .
Microsoft also makes sure to note that since the issue implicates an Internet standard , the company recognizes that it affects multiple vendors and is working on a coordinated response with its partners in the Internet Consortium for Advancement of Security on the Internet ( ICASI ) .
Redmond also underlined that it is currently unaware of any attacks trying to use the vulnerability , is actively monitoring the situation , and may provide a security update on an upcoming Patch Tuesday or an out - of - cycle patch once it is ready .
The next Patch Tuesday is scheduled for March 9 , 2010 .
In the meantime , Microsoft listed two mitigating factors for the vulnerability :
Web servers running Internet Information Services ( IIS ) 6.0 or later in the default configuration are not affected by this vulnerability , as they are only affected when configured to require mutual authentication ( an uncommon configuration ) .
Customers are only affected when an attacker is able to successfully conduct a man - in - the - middle attack by exploiting another vulnerability , such as a local subnet attack or DNS spoofing .
Microsoft also outlined two workarounds in the security advisory for Web servers running IIS 6 and later that are affected because they require mutual authentication by requesting a client certificate .
Enabling the SSLAlwaysNegoClientCert setting will cause IIS to prompt the client for a certificate upon the initial connection , and does not require a server - initiated renegotiation .
The downside is that setting this flag will require the client to authenticate prior to loading any element from the SSL - protected website and will thus cause the browser to always prompt the user for a client certificate upon connecting .
Alternatively , the company is offering an update which lets system administrators disable TLS and SSL renegotiation functionality ( available at KB977377 ) .
Microsoft admits , however , that renegotiation is required functionality for some applications so it does n't recommend that this workaround be used for wide implementation ( and should be tested rigorously before any implementation ) .
At the beginning of 2008 I wrote this feature about an ongoing war within Eve Online for PC Gamer UK – and I want to thank them here for being progressive enough to commission such an unusual virtual chronicle .
This conflict had been called “ The Great War ” of Eve Online , and involved two huge power - blocs : Band Of Brothers and their allies , vesus the RedSwarm Federation and their associated alliances .
Things have changed radically since then , with Red Alliance all but disbanding , and Band Of Brothers returning to fight a ferocious campaign against RedSwarm allies .
This feature , however , charts a tract of Eve history , between around the middle of 2006 through to early 2008 , which remains one of the most startling illustrations of the enormous scale of Eve Online ’s PvP ambitions .
There ’s a war going on .
It ’s one of the most bitterly contested conflicts imaginable , fought over many months by an international cast of veteran warriors .
An entire galaxy is at stake .
You probably even know someone who is caught up in it , fighting for his life and those of his comrades .
As many as twenty thousand people have fought in its battles .
This war is the Great War of Eve Online ; the largest virtual conflict ever waged .
Unlike the twenty minute conflicts that characterise other multiplayer games , this is a deathmatch that has taken place between fleets of hundreds in a continuous process that has lasted years .
It is the greatest imaginary conflict yet conducted , and in what follows I ’ll be tracing its glories and mapping its horrors .
The Great War is the war between the mighty Band Of Brothers and the grand coalition of Red Alliance and GoonSwarm , aka The RedSwarm Federation .
Something Russian
Our tale began three years ago , when the Something Awful forumites began to appear in Eve space under the moniker of “ GoonSwarm ” .
The Goons were rapidly drawn into a major war with the old and then superior Band Of Brothers ( henceforth BoB ) , a conflict which set the mood for much of the animosity that was to follow .
The Goons suffered heavily in this initial encounter , and both sides were set to be at odds for the years that followed .
When BoB moved on to find other targets , the Something Awful armies regrouped and looked around for a suitable ally for their future exploits .
It ’s the consequences of this conflict that we are still seeing play out in the battles of Eve to this day .
That , and the masterful play by a group of talented Russian players .
In the early part of 2006 BoB had been engaged in a long territorial war against the largest military - industrial bloc in the game , Ascendant Frontier .
The thousands of players who made up that bloc were no match for two thousand hardened BoB pilots , and the bulky empire rapidly began to crumble once BoB ’s pilots begun their assault .
It ’s not hard to see why BoB would want to attack the biggest alliance in the game : the riches were there for the taking , and the alliance leader , one Cyvvok , piloted the first ( and then only ) Titan class ship in the game .
It was a giant behemoth that has been valued in real world cash at around £ 4000 .
BoB seized the first Titan kill in controversial circumstances , and sealed the fate of Ascendent Frontier .
With the highest - profile kill of all time under their belts , BoB were riding high .
With Ascendant Frontier defeated BoB were able to begin setting themselves up as Roman - styled imperialists .
With a nod to the classic tactics of history , vassal alliances were installed in the conquered territories .
Right across the map smaller alliances sided with BoB , or paid rent to be able to exploit the resources of the BoB station systems .
By this time the military masterminds had dominion over eight regions , which was the largest single empire since the opening months of the game .
The money poured in and BoB cemented a reputation for being the most effective fighting force in the Eve universe .
While the vassals made money and the industrial corps produced capital ships , the drilled , trained BoB military began to look for another target .
This slight delay in identifying and attacking this other target was possibly where BoB ’s momentum stalled .
Their defeat of Ascendant Frontier had been gloriously profitable , but while they consolidated their conquests RedSwarm was rapidly growing in power and support .
BoB , failing to capitalise on the alliance that was already arrayed against the RedSwarm fleets , would end up facing their old enemies on their own .
At this early stage of the war , in the summer of 2006 , much of the rest of the game had aligned against the Russians , and Red Alliance had been pushed back to a single station .
In August an alliance consisting of perhaps ten thousand pilots fielded a 500 - man fleet to take the system .
I was part of that fleet , and seeing several hundred people in the same teamspeak channel , as well dozens of capital ships heading out from a single station gave me some perspective on what the Reds have achieved by beating them back .
After a weekend of constant fighting at “ the Siege of C - J6 , ” the allies withdrew .
The game mechanics , they argued , made their losses too great to continue .
Lag and disconnects took too much of a toll on the immense gangs for the battle to come out in their favour .
From that point on the Russians would gain unstoppable military inertia .
The coalition designed to drive Red Alliance the game had failed , and the hard - working Russians made sure to capitalise on that fact .
After some extensive talks , initiated by Russian commanders , they were joined by their GoonSwarm partners .
Both alliances would expand rapidly , while also signing up formidable allies such as the feared southern alliance , Against All Authorities .
The alliances – most notably Veritas Immortalis and Lokta Volterra – that had previously been aligned against RedSwarm would begin to fall .
By Christmas 2006 RedSwarm had found their stride and valuable station systems were being captured weekly .
Station by station the allies faltered and then fell .
Perhaps if BoB had intervened at this point and joined the fight then RedSwarm might have been beaten back .
But it was not to be .
Once great alliances such as were stripped of their territories and forced to retreat .
Eventually the RedSwarm began to encroach on the territories BoB had taken from Ascendant Frontier and BoB high command decided it was time to fully engage .
The masters of Eve launched a massive assault on the RedSwarm systems and the war , that is still ongoing [ as of early 2008 ] , was underway .
Empire Building
The conflict that was to follow pulled in a dozen other alliances , and would see a vast coalition arrayed against the previously unbeatable BoB empire .
Where once it had been Red Alliance that faced a ten - thousand man force , soon it would be Band Of Brothers .
The alliance , supremely assured in its talents , had come to be seen as arrogant and worth fighting simply because they were in a position of power .
At the height of the war more than half of Eve ’s PvP players were allied in the war against Band Of Brothers .
Not that the great PvPers were cowed , for a while it looked as if the war could go either way .
The northern alliances , led by the powerful “ D2 ” were to open up a war against BoB on a second flank during spring 2007 – a tactic that ultimately proved costly for them , as BoB killed their titan and knocked them back .
It was n’t until the most recent months of the Great War that the northern powers returned and began to take territory from the exhausted Band Of Brothers .
RedSwarm pressed on , and stations began to fall .
The BoB blue was disappearing from the map .
Tristan Day , one of BoB ’s most experienced commanders , observed that there had been something of a political goldrush in all the major players aligning against his alliance .
“ The most interesting thing has been watching groups of people taking the “ the enemy of my enemy is my friend ” mantra a bit too far , ” he said .
“ There are people aligned against us that are [ allied ] to each other that really do not like each other at all .
It ’s quite amusing . ”
This is perhaps understandable in the light of the third front of the war :
Eve ’s forums .
The propaganda , arguments , trolling , and general lunacy has seen gamers put about as much effort into BoB - war threads on the forum as they have into the game itself .
Eve ’s players have become obsessed with the machinations of their PvP elite , and each announcement or battle - cry is seized up by enemies and allies alike .
So let ’s take a moment to illustrate why gamers become so enthralled by all this .
To best understand the scale of this sweeping war , take a look at the maps across the pages of this feature [ Do n’t have these to put online , sorry !
Best I can do is recommend a player - made set of maps here ] .
The annotations detail who did what , and when , and provide an idea of the flow and ebb of the war over the past year .
On the final map , for example , you can see that Band Of Brothers now face a position that as astonishingly like the one faced by Red Alliance eighteen months ago .
It ’s been fascinating to watch not only Eve ’s history repeating itself , but events in the war shadowing the kinds of events we ’ve seen from war in the real world .
As I mentioned previously , BoB we quick to install vassals or “ renters ” in their unused regions .
They might have held sovereignty but their attention , and their fleets , were elsewhere .
It ’s a classic empire - build strategy , that has been in use for centuries .
RedSwarm have employed similar tactics , albeit in creating space for allied forces .
Help out the Federation and you ’ll be rewarded in territory , as well as military support .
Most recently , however , there has been another outbreak of parallel histories : the internal civil war , and alliance with outside powers .
This has happened dozens of times during wars across history ( from the wars of the Greek States to the French Revolution ) where once - allied powers have suddenly turned on their fellows under the shadow of a much larger conflict .
Just after Christmas 2007
BoB lost their strongest ally , when the huge consortium of pilots for hire known as Mercenary Coalition declared BoB ’s second home region of Period Basis ( the other being Delve ) to be their own .
Tortuga , as the rebel empire was to call itself , tore a hole in what was left of BoB ’s central powerbase .
The end , it seemed , was at hand .
As I write this BoB are being forced back into a single region , having lost most of their territory to the swarm Northern and Goon forces .
The fighting , as intense as ever , could see BoB lose it all .
What Endgame ?
What is perhaps been most fascinating about the continuing war is the stream war stories – the tales of commitment and tenacity from both sides , over the months .
Whoever you talk to , they ’ll have a story of how their fleet mounted a 48 - hour continuous defence of a single system , or how they set alarm clocks at 4 am so they could be up to finish of an enemy installation when the time came about , or how they tricked the enemy into losing some priceless piece of hardware .
Lessons were learned , week after week .
BoB commander Tristan Day told me that much of what his alliance learned was focused on how to manage large groups of people and keep morale high , rather than simply mastering the game itself : “ Primarily that you to keep participation up , which is critical for space holding and conquest .
You need to keep Eve fun .
It does n’t have to be fun in Eve itself , but when you ’re all on teamspeak you must make sure people are enjoying themselves . ”
It can be tough to feel like you ’re having fun when you spend hours waiting for something to happen , or when your assets get blown up because your fleet just had to go to bed .
Day , like many other commanders in the game , is well aware that his team has to strike balance between military efficiency and simply having a good time .
“ Whilst we run a very militaristic chain of command in BoB we make sure that we remember that Eve is , after all , “ just ” a game .
The best game I ’ve ever had the honor of playing , but a game nonetheless .
If anything you must learn not to get attached to your virtual assets , you ca n’t take them out of EvE , after all . ”
Nevertheless people do take the game very seriously , and those arguments held on the Eve forums are penned with attitudes ranging from mere playfulness to terrifying , hysterical bitterness .
The “ BoB thread ” became legend on the Eve forums , because they would almost always attract absurd egos , unlikely insults , and frenzied propaganda from both parties .
The exchange of words left many people feeling unhappy .
The nature of insulting “ smack - talk ” by players both in and out of the game has left a mark on the game , and on the recollections of the players .
But there have been deeper problems too , such as allegations of corruption on the part of CCP itself , the developers of the game .
It was these meta - game conflicts , all of which arose from the war , that led the CCP to set up a player Ombudsman and oversight committee – unprecedented in gaming – to make sure that developers could not abuse their power in the future .
In asking Day how he now feels about the war today , there was sense of residual displeasure at the actions of the Goons , and the CCP developer who scandalised his own alliance : “ There are two parts to my answer , one which involves the initial war against Goons alone .
It ’s fuelled by their incredibly distasteful laughing at the real life death of a fellow Eve gamer .
Something that I still find quite distasteful , especially as the man ’s father plays Eve .
The second part , and indeed the main driving force outside of our own in - game belligerence and aggression over the last four years , was the “ t20 Dev BPO ” scandal . ”
This , just to explain , was the allegations by Goon that BoB had been helped out by developers , allegations that turned out to be true , at least in part .
Day continues : “ I think I can safely say that all of us are pretty disgusted that t20 , who was and remains a good friend , would do such a thing and , even more so , that a professional company like CCP would even allow him to publicise it .
RedSwarm Federation used this as a big factor to draw in probably 80 % of the military 0.0 residents against us to push us back to Delve . ”
Strategic Mistakes
While BoB ’s own previous chest - beating probably had something to do with the Goons being able to rally support against the previous heavyweight champions , it ’s fair to say that the scandal did nothing to help BoB ’s reputation as tough , meta - gaming alliance that would stop at nothing to achieve their victories .
The Goon commander Isaiah Houston is fairly forthright in his opinions about this : “ BoB ’s sense of arrogance and superiority ended up killing their more worthwhile and useful allies , ” says Houston .
“ At the same time we were able to unite with Northern friends and work for a common goal . ”
Houston is well pleased with the way his once - wild horde of Something Awful forumites has handled itself in the war :
“ There have been some minor strategic mistakes along the way , but nothing absolutely critical .
I really feel as though we ’ve done an exemplary job throughout this war .
You have to understand , at the beginning things were very much not in our favor ; BoB was the oldest , richest , and had the most experience at this sort of thing . ”
Now , of course , Goon hold a vast tract of space and are arriving at the gates of BoB ’s home systems .
Nevertheless , despite their current dire straits after a year of war , Day is philosophical about BoB ’s position : “ At the end of the day the end result is the same : we ’re getting a lot of combat without having to do any travel .
As much as it annoys me that CCP allowed all of our achievements prior to that date to be rubbished by one persons actions , we ’re having more fun now than at any time ever before … so we ’re not complaining . ”
[ In fact soon after the piece was written BoB killed a Red Alliance titan and threw their enemies back , restaking their claim on the regions of Delve and Querious and ushering in several months of relative stability . ]
So , taking the long view that we started with : was the war simply about Goon getting revenge for those initial , lost conflicts in the early days of Eve ?
Perhaps , but Houston says the Goon motivation was more about carrying out their general mandate as the gaming world ’s most excellent griefers , than simply revenge : “ It was about griefing the oldest and most established players in the game , making them eat their own words just happened to be the best way of doing that .
We ’ve had some scores to settle along the way , it ’s true , but really the impetus has just been us staying true to our roots as Goons . ”
And would our BoB commander do it all again , given the chance ?
“ In a heartbeat , ” says Day .
“ Only better . ”
[ Band Of Brothers are currently conducting a new campaign “ MAX ” which is doing serious damage to the northern powerbloc that had previously aligned itself to RedSwarm .
The Goons and their allies have not yet made a significant response . ]
Thanks to Roburky for the screenshots .
President Barack Obama , the candidate who promised change , has made substantial progress in his first year in office , but some of his proposals have stalled as he struggled with the cold reality of Washington .
Of 502 campaign promises , a PolitiFact analysis finds Obama has fulfilled 91 and achieved at least partial success with another 33 .
More than half of his promises have had enough progress to be rated In the Works .
He 's put much of his foreign policy agenda into action , taken steps to reduce the American presence in Iraq and send more troops to Afghanistan , and his sweeping health care reform plan is on the brink of passage .
The giant economic stimulus bill that passed in February made good on a host of promises on green energy , education and transportation .
Yet Obama has found change can come slowly , even with his party in control of Congress .
Overall , PolitiFact 's Obameter has rated 14 promises as Broken and another 87 Stalled .
He 's faced virtually unanimous opposition from Republicans on the stimulus and health care , and some of his promises for more transparency in government have gone nowhere .
In many cases , the Stalled or Broken ratings reflect tactical decisions by the White House .
Obama said repeatedly during the campaign that he'd open health care negotiations to TV cameras , but those talks have been behind closed doors .
He 's done nothing on his pledge to allow the importation of prescription drugs from Canada since drug companies agreed to support his health care plan .
And he appears to have abandoned a promise to end taxes for seniors who make less than $ 50,000 , a proposal that appealed to older voters but had little political support , even within his party .
Still , the ratings show Obama — with the help of a Democratic Congress — has made significant progress on much of his agenda .
Political experts give him credit for passing a substantial amount during the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression .
The bad economy may have dimmed public perceptions of his accomplishments , said Thomas Mann , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution who studies the federal government .
Obama 's approval ratings dropped as 2009 came to an end .
" He 's been largely faithful to the promises he made in the campaign , especially substantive policy ones , " Mann said .
" But the public does n't see what I see in objective terms .
There 's distrust about the economy , and they 're put off by the partisan bickering in Washington .
They 're scared and skeptical of government , so there 's a gulf between what he 's accomplished and how it 's viewed . "
Measuring progress
The Obameter database is an unprecedented effort to assess the new president 's progress .
PolitiFact reporters and editors compiled more than 500 promises from Obama 's speeches , position papers , and interviews , and have been tracking and rating them over the past year .
To be included , a promise must have been made during the campaign .
Pledges made after he took office , such as his one - year deadline to close the detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , are not counted .
( That , editors decided , would essentially allow Obama to keep moving the goalposts . )
To be included , the promises also had to be concrete enough to be measured .
If a promise was too vague or abstract , we omitted it from the database .
Highlights of our analysis :
• Obama has made progress on nearly all 25 promises we selected as his most significant .
Of our Top 25 list , two are rated Kept , three are Compromise , one is Stalled and one is Broken .
The remaining 18 are In the Works , with some measurable progress .
• He got the low - hanging fruit .
Many of the 90 promises rated Promise Kept are ones Obama could fulfill without Congress ' approval , by issuing executive orders or directing executive agencies to launch initiatives .
• Several of his major legislative proposals have been delayed while Congress wrestled with the stimulus and health care reform .
Our Stalled ratings include key proposals that Obama administration officials say they intend to tackle later : immigration reform , repealing the military " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy and repealing the Defense of Marriage Act .
• Obama fulfilled or made progress on two light - hearted promises in the Obameter database .
He got his daughters a puppy and Congress has held hearings on creating a playoff system for college football .
Around the world
On foreign affairs and military strategy , Obama promised dramatic changes from Bush administration policies .
His most famous pledge was that he would begin removing combat brigades from Iraq , and that he would end the war " safely and responsibly " within 16 months .
Indeed , just a month after taking office , Obama announced a new Iraq strategy that called for removal of all combat troops by Aug. 31 , 2010 — a timeline he has stuck to since .
He also pledged to beef up military efforts in Afghanistan by sending two additional brigades .
Obama issued an order to do just that last February and has since said he will send 30,000 more troops .
Obama also increased spending for military hardware and undertook a controversial review of weapons programs , which called for more investment in intelligence and surveillance and a halt to production of the F - 22 Raptor and Marine One presidential helicopters .
Obama compromised on a promise to fully equip the reserves and National Guard .
And his oft - repeated promise to repeal the " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " policy in the U.S. military has stalled .
As a candidate , he often talked about setting a new tone with foreign policy .
Toward that goal , he took action on promises such as ending the use of torture and closing the Guantanamo Bay Detention Center , which we 've rated In the Works .
He kept his promise to give a speech at a major Islamic forum in the first 100 days of his presidency when he addressed the Turkish Parliament on April 6 , 2009 .
Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize in part because of his efforts to reduce the threat of nuclear weapons , but he 's had mixed success in that area .
He made progress on things he could do on his own , such as appointing the first White House Coordinator for Nuclear Security and organizing a conference to review the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
But when he needed cooperation , the road has been rockier .
Opposition from conservative senators could derail his plans to have the U.S. finally ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty .
His efforts to strengthen the non-proliferation treaty will likely face stiff resistance from Russia and China .
Those promises are rated Stalled .
At home , a focus on green jobs , health care
Obama often linked energy and the environment during the campaign , promising a turn toward renewable energy .
He used the economic crisis to his advantage by packing the stimulus bill with incentives for renewable energy and green jobs .
He used the bill to fulfill or make progress on his promises to weatherize low - income homes , boost state energy programs and encourage production of plug - in hybrid and electric cars .
Obama also used his regulatory power to advance environmental goals .
In May , he announced plans to improve fuel efficiency standards , boosting the average by 5 percent annually .
He also used regulations to increase the renewable fuels standard , requiring more biofuels to be mixed with gasoline .
That effort is essentially building a market for renewable fuel , another goal .
A few promises have fizzled .
Obama 's pledge to enact a windfall profits tax on oil companies quietly disappeared after gasoline prices dropped in 2009 .
For the same reasons , Obama 's promise to release oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve never came to pass .
On health care , his ambitious reform plan — it encompasses 35 promises in our Obameter database — has passed the House and Senate and is now in the final stages of negotiations .
Obama took a beating from liberals in his party because it 's unlikely a government - run public option will be in the final plan .
That promise is rated Stalled .
But in most other ways , the plan looks a lot like what Obama promised .
It includes tax credits to individuals and small businesses who need help to buy insurance , a national health insurance exchange where consumers can shop for the best policy , and investments in electronic health records and new standards for health information technology .
Many promises now rated
In the Works could move to Promise Kept if the bill is enacted .
Behind closed doors
As a candidate , Obama talked about open government and transparency , vowing to open White House documents to the public and hold health care talks on C - SPAN .
But as president , he 's often succumbed to the traditions of Washington secrecy .
Several of his promises for a more open and transparent government have been rated Broken or Stalled .
Obama said he would post legislation on the Internet for five days before he signed it , but that promise was broken almost immediately when Obama moved to quickly sign legislation on fair pay and children 's health insurance .
And , of course , health care negotiations have n't been on C - SPAN as promised either .
On the other hand , Obama created a National Declassification Center to get more information into the public domain , and he launched a major open government initiative specifically targeted at federal agencies .
Ellen Miller , executive director of the Sunlight Foundation , an open - government advocacy group , said the Obama administration has embraced an attitude of openness .
A good example is Recovery.gov , the Web site that tracked spending from the stimulus package .
" This is the kind of a sea change we 're asking them to do , a sea change in culture , " Miller said .
Looking ahead
While we in the media love anniversaries — and you might , too , if you 've read this far — presidential historians warn that the first year of a presidency is not necessarily indicative of future accomplishments .
" At the end of their first years , there are few people who would have predicted that Truman would be elected in 1948 or that Reagan would get a second term , " said Robert Dallek , a presidential historian and author .
" It 's always premature to make some kind of categorical judgment after the first year in office . "
And Obama has many unknowns ahead .
One of the most daunting challenges will be reconciling spending with the growing public debt .
The Bush administration tax cuts will expire this year , and Congress will have to pass new laws to avoid widespread tax hikes .
Obama has said repeatedly he wo n't ignore large deficits , but how he and Congress will approach fiscal matters remains to be seen .
Obama 's next budget is expected in a few weeks .
The long - term budget problems are significant , said Rudolph Penner , an economist and former head of the Congressional Budget Office .
The problem seems simple :
The country spends more than it takes in from taxes .
But to keep people 's taxes the same would require huge spending cuts that would be politically unpopular .
" I do n't think you could get five Republican votes for the kind of spending cuts you need , " Penner said .
Conversely , failing to rein in spending would require unprecedented tax increases .
" You 'd have to raise taxes so much that we'd be one of the highest taxed countries in the world , and I do n't see many liberals supporting that , either , " he said .
The big - ticket items looming are programs for seniors , specifically Social Security and Medicare .
But the large stimulus package and reduced tax revenues from the recession are making the budget outlook for future years even more gloomy .
The recession has " taken a lot of flexibility away from us , and it gives us less time to resolve these other problems , " Penner said .
" I 'm very anxious to see the president 's next budget . "
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
Society will only get ever more dependent on sat -nav systems Technology that depends on satellite - navigation signals is increasingly threatened by attack from widely available equipment , experts say .
While " jamming " sat -nav equipment with noise signals is on the rise , more sophisticated methods allow hackers even to program what receivers display .
At risk are not only sat - nav users , but also critical national infrastructure .
A UK meeting outlining the risks was held at the National Physical Laboratory in Teddington on Tuesday .
The meeting was organised by the government - funded Digital Systems Knowledge Transfer Network .
" GPS gives us transportation , distribution industry , ' just - in - time ' manufacturing , emergency services operations - even mining , road building and farming , all these and a zillion more , " David Last , a consultant engineer and former president of the Royal Institute of Navigation , told the conference .
" But what few people outside this community recognise is the high - precision timing that GPS provides to keep our telephone networks , the internet , banking transactions and even our power grid online . "
You can consider GPS a little like computers before the first virus - if I had stood here before then and cried about the risks , you would 've asked ' why would anyone bother ? '
David Last , former president of the Royal Institute of Navigation Professor Last recalled the New Year 's Day failure of a single satellite in 2004 and how it wreaked havoc with sat -nav readings .
" Satellite failures , though dramatic , are not the main problem , " he said .
" The Achilles heel of GPS is the extremely weak signals that reach the receiver . "
Each satellite in a sat -nav constellation is putting out less power than a car headlight , illuminating more than a third of the Earth 's surface at a distance of more than 20,000 km .
What that means , and what has brought this group of policy - makers , academics and industry figures together , is that the signals can be easily swamped by equipment back on Earth .
Criminal intent
This can be done unintentionally by , for example , pirate television stations , or with a purpose in mind .
Military systems have been doing this " jamming " - flooding an area with a signal at the GPS frequency - for years in a bid to frustrate enemy navigation systems .
But small jamming devices are increasingly available on the internet .
The biggest danger may come not from big errors , but small ones Low - power , hand - held versions that cost less than £ 100 can run for hours on a battery and confuse sat -nav receivers tens of kilometres away .
Higher - power versions can do far worse , and at both GPS and mobile phone frequencies .
What is more , receivers can be " spoofed " - not simply blinded by a strong , noisy signal , but fooled into thinking their location or the time is different because of fraudulent broadcast GPS signals .
" You can now buy a low - cost simulator and link it to Google Earth , put on a route and it will simulate that route to the timing that you specify , " said Professor Last .
" A GPS receiver overcome by it will behave as if you 're travelling along that route . "
The approach still costs in the thousands and is the preserve of what Professor Last calls the " real techies " , but he guessed that the tools could be in the hands of criminals within a year or two .
One obvious reason to do the jamming or spoofing is that high - value cargo is tracked with GPS , as are armoured cars and many rental cars , so that confusing the tracking signal could spell a successful heist .
Sat - nav - based pricing for toll roads and road usage charges could be spoofed , and a company 's employees may even use the devices to block the tracking devices imposed on company cars .
But jamming and spoofing , Professor Last said , were irresistible to the hacker type who did it for fun .
" You can consider GPS a little like computers before the first virus - if I had stood here before then and cried about the risks , you would 've asked ' why would anyone bother ? ' .
" It 's the same market as the hackers . "
But the hackers ' fun poses a particular danger to ships , which have systems that increasingly use sat -nav directly but also feed GPS signals into other equipment .
In the GLA trial , GPS in the jamming zone ( red triangle ) reported positions tens of km away from the true ( eLoran ) position
Some at the conference argued that with the growing maritime use of sat-nav , crews were less able to revert to classic methods of map - reading and " dead reckoning " .
Alan Grant of the General Lighthouse Authorities ( GLA ) carried out an experiment in 2008 to assess the degree to which ships would be affected by a jamming signal .
GALILEO UNDER CONSTRUCTION
A European Commission and European Space Agency project
At least 22 satellites to launch in batches in coming years
Will work alongside US GPS and Russian Glonass systems Promises real - time positioning down to less than a metre Guaranteed under all but most extreme circumstances Suitable for safety - critical roles where lives depend on service
Contracts for Galileo sat-nav Q&A : Europe 's Galileo project
Using a relatively low - power jamming signal off the eastern English coast , he found that ships coming into the jamming area suddenly read locations anywhere from Ireland to Scandinavia - but with ranges dependent on the ship itself .
" The level of disruption depends on the ship - the make and model of the kit , how it 's been integrated , and down to the strength of the jamming signal , " he said .
But he suggested the more dangerous case is that of a jamming signal causing only small errors that would not so obviously give themselves up as false information .
The immediate solution to the problem is not clear , since the existing US GPS and Russian Glonas systems , and the forthcoming European sat - nav effort Galileo , are equally susceptible .
Some at the conference suggested the relative security of the eLoran ground - based system that is already in place , but which existing consumer devices do not pick up .
There is no reason to believe , however , that widespread adoption of eLoran or any other standard would preclude eventual jamming efforts to thwart it .
" Navigation is no longer about how to measure where you are accurately - that 's easy , " Professor Last said .
" Now it 's all about how to do so reliably , safely and robustly . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
According to the card , “ … Belarus does have a bustling TV production industry .
One of their most recent hits is a sitcom about four nerdy scientists who live next door to a beautiful blonde waitress .
The characters are named Sheldon , Leo , Hovard , Raj and Natasha , and the show is entitled , The Theorists .
Each episode begins with a rapid - fire montage of images which takes us from the dawn of time to the present moment .
Keeping with that theme , the montage is scored with what is probably the worst piece of recorded pop music since the dawn of time .
And finally , each episode appears to be a Russian translation of a Big Bang Theory episode . ”
Sleep has important benefits for health and wellbeing , but not everyone is able to get as much sleep as they ’d like .
For some individuals , sleep does not come easy .
One particular problem encountered by a few unfortunates is what is termed ‘ delayed sleep phase syndrome ’ ( DSPS ) .
Here , individuals can take hours ( literally , hours ) to get off to sleep .
They , perhaps not surprisingly , find it difficult to get up in the morning too .
Someone with DSPD can find trying to do a job with ‘ normal ’ work hours very challenging indeed .
I ’ve found in practice that individuals with DSPS can often be helped using quite - natural strategies .
One of these concerns the use of bright light .
Sunlight - simulating devices are the most practical option here , and the light is best administered in the morning ( around the time the individual usually gets up ) [ 1 ] .
In addition , it makes sense not get too much light exposure in the evening ( light suppresses the secretion of the chief sleep hormone melatonin ) .
With regard to this , someone recently alerted me to a free piece of downloadable software which automatically dims one ’s computer screen around the time the sun goes down .
See here for more details .
Another useful treatment for DSPS is melatonin .
This can promote sleep , and there ’s some thought that it might even help to ‘ re - set ’ the sleep - wake cycle .
It requires a prescription in the UK , but is available over - the - counter in some other parts of the world including the US .
One of the reasons I like melatonin ( other than the fact that it often helps promote sleep in those who have difficulty getting off ) is that it is , to my mind , quite a natural treatment .
It is , after all , a natural body constituent .
One could argue that in that sense , it ’s even more natural than , say , a medicinal herb such as valerian :
Sleep problems may be due to insufficient melatonin at the right time , but wo n’t be due to a valerian deficiency .
I have written about the use of melatonin for the treatment of insomnia here .
Disorders of melatonin secretion may not just impact on sleep either – there is evidence that they can be a factor in depression [ 2 ] .
I was interested to come across a recent study in which the impact of melatonin in individuals with DSPS was assessed [ 3 ] .
Individuals in this study were treated with both melatonin and , at another time , placebo .
Each treatment period lasted 4 weeks , and there was a week of no treatment between these .
Melatonin treatment was found to improve sleep as evidenced by tests conducted by polysomnography .
Some of the participants in the study had depressive symptoms , while others did not .
And interestingly , those with depressive symptoms saw improvement in those symptoms as a result of treatment with melatonin .
This study was small ( 20 participants ) , but its results suggest that melatonin therapy has the capacity to improve sleep and mood in those suffering from DSPS .
References :
1. Gooley JJ .
Treatment of circadian rhythm sleep disorders with light .
Ann Acad Med Singapore 2008;37(8):669-76 .
2. Srinivasan V , et al .
Pathophysiology of depression : role of sleep and the melatonergic system .
Psychiatry Research ; 165( 3) :201-14
3. Shadab A , et al .
Antidepressant action of melatonin in the treatment of Delayed Sleep Phase Syndrome .
Sleep Medicine 2010 ;11(2) :131-136
A similar showdown is brewing between , on the one side , DreamWorks Animation and Paramount Pictures , which plan to release the animated “ How to Train Your Dragon ” in 3 - D on March 26 , and , on the other side , Warner Brothers .
Warner has just decided to convert its sword - and - sandals fantasy “ Clash of the Titans ” to a 3 - D format and release it on April 2 .
“ How to Train Your Dragon ” will have to make do with fewer 3 - D seats , which sell for a $ 3 to $ 5 premium .
The 3 - D bottleneck is likely to grow worse .
Michael Lewis , the chief executive of RealD , which equips theaters that account for about 90 percent of 3D screens in the United States , said about 60 films were set for 3 - D release over the next three years .
“ As audiences experience more 3 - D movies , scheduling challenges for theater owners and studios will naturally increase while there is a temporary shortfall of 3 - D screens , ” Chuck Viane , Disney ’s president for distribution , said in a statement .
Another Disney executive , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to comment , said the studio did not see “ Avatar ” as a problem because early interest in “ Alice in Wonderland ” was quite strong .
“ It will beautifully draft off of ‘ Avatar , ’ ” the executive said .
Fox , Imax and DreamWorks Animation declined to comment .
Spokesmen for the Cinemark and AMC theater chains , which operate 3 - D screens , did not return telephone calls .
A spokesman for the Regal chain had no comment .
Imax long ago promised almost all of its 179 domestic and 82 foreign theaters to Disney for the opening of “ Alice in Wonderland , ” which stars Johnny Depp .
At the time , few suspected that “ Avatar ” would still be racking up ticket sales that have made it the best - selling film in history , with more than $ 1.9 billion at the worldwide box office so far .
In fact , the flagship Imax theaters in places like the AMC Loews Lincoln Square in Manhattan are still selling out weekend shows with no sign of a slowdown .
More than 70 percent of ticket revenue for “ Avatar ” has come from 3 - D .
Well to day is November 1st and when I was online checking out Heavyink.com I saw a tab on the site titled ' NaGraNoWriMo ' .
I gave it a click and read some of the threads there .
Please go and check it out yourself too .
By the way Heavyink.com is a great online store and its where I buy all my comics now .
Anyway , basically this is about writing a graphic novel or illustrating pages or doing 3 individual issues .
Basically its a take on National Novel Writing Month .
It 's about getting out there and putting on the pressure to yourself to produce and have fun .
So for me I 'm going to use this as my starting point on getting back on top of The Venger : Dead Man Rising .
The special is almost done and needs a few finishing touches .
I 'm going to get that done first .
Then it will be some serious script revisions for issue # 3 of the main series and working with the artist on getting that on track and complete .
I have been busy in my personal and professional life for a while now .
And that busyness has really sandbagged this book .
I need to fix that .
And I will .
see deal Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 $ 19.99 on Gamestop
Millions of gamers have dedicated dozens ( even hundreds ) of hours each to Modern Warfare 2's Modern Warfare 2 has great multiplayer .
But everyone who plays it knows that it could be even better .
The issues with Modern Warfare 2's multiplayer are n't very different from most other online games .
But since I ( and a million other folks ) spend so many of my nights playing MW2 online , it 's important that Infinity Ward lead the charge and improve the experience .
Not only would it make MW2 more enjoyable , but it might help other developers build better online shooters in the future .
One of my favorite multiplayer maps is Terminal .
In the past two weeks , over roughly ten hours of online time , I 've played Terminal only twice .
Twice .
Meanwhile , I keep getting cycled into Skidrow and Derail -- good maps , sure , but perhaps it 's too much of a good thing .
For those like myself who play in a " hopper " such as Ground War ( which cycles between Team Deathmatch and Domination modes ) too often we see just one game type repeatedly .
I had one night recently where I only played Team Deathmatch and not a single game of Domination over the course of two hours .
Map randomization needs refinement .
Currently , more than half the players must vote down a map in order for it to be skipped .
Lessen the number of votes required to skip a map .
There should be a " like / dislike " option added .
Let gamers give thumbs up for the maps they love and then give those heavier rotation for the week than those which people continually show dissatisfaction over .
As for game types , the easiest solution is to make it so that you never play the same game mode twice in a row .
Or that you never play it more than twice in a row .
Force some balance .
The system is searching for the quickest match , so ensuring everyone never plays a string of the same mode in a row might be difficult , but there 's no reason anyone should play the same game type for hours on end without a sniff of another mode .
In objective - based modes , many players do nothing to help the team win .
Too many people treat every game mode like Team Deathmatch and are only concerned with increasing their kill count .
Completing objectives earns you experience points ( XP ) , but it 's not much more than what you get for focusing on killing opponents .
This results in a breakdown in gameplay that turns what should be team - based affairs into free - for - alls .
Increase the points earned for completing objectives based on the number of teammates nearby .
Right now , everyone earns 150 points for claiming a domination point , regardless of the number of players securing the spot .
For each additional member , add 25 points of XP .
While it is harder to claim a spot alone , there should be a reward for getting your teammates to help out .
If four people can earn an extra 75 XP by taking a spot together , then they will be more likely to coordinate and ensure everyone survives .
True , you are " paying " people to be teammates .
But it would work .
The grenade launcher which attaches to assault rifles is dubbed the N00b
Tube because it 's an easy way for new players to get kills .
Unfortunately , the N00b Tube is an overpowering tool that removes skill from Modern Warfare 2 .
Most perks and weapons have some counter .
Tired of being targeted by predator missiles ?
Use the Cold - Blooded perk and become invisible to air attacks .
Getting rocked by grenades ?
Equip the Blast Shield to survive explosions .
But the N00b Tube is an instant killer with impressive splash damage that has no true counter .
In unskilled hands , it is deadly .
In expert hands , it 's nearly unstoppable .
And if the player is using the Scavenger perk ( restocking ammo from the dead ) , they can have a near limitless supply of grenades to launch at other players .
Lessen the amount of splash damage , lower the accuracy and offer fewer XP for N00 b Tube kills .
And how about this option -- a N00b Tube - free playlist so that gamers have the option of avoiding these types of cheap kills more easily .
You can't play Modern Warfare 2 for long without being subjected to idiots who take the anonymity of online play too far .
Racism , sexism and homophobia run rampant in Modern Warfare 2 to the point that many turn off the headset and never talk or listen to anyone .
While Microsoft and Sony have some policing elements built into their online services , it 's clearly not enough .
A bunch of idiots are ruining Modern Warfare 2 and at some point it 's up to Infinity Ward to reclaim its game .
Create a zero- tolerance playlist .
Consider it a family zone .
If you play on this list , it is expected that no inappropriate language will be spoken and no offensive comments be made .
Everyone else can still play in the regular games and be idiots , but folks who are sick of the racial slurs have a place to go .
Let the players police this family fun zone .
Three strikes ( votes by competing players ) and you are out for good .
When I play Modern Warfare 2 , it 's usually for 2 - 3 hours .
I 've rarely made it through an entire play session without getting dropped out of a match at some point .
Latency can be a critical factor in a player 's effectiveness .
Even the slightest variations in game speed between people can mean the difference between life and death .
Modern Warfare 2 should be about skill , but quite often it comes down to who has the stronger connection .
There 's no one simple solution for this and I am not a technically savvy person .
This one will take some hard work and dedication from Infinity Ward , but a balance needs to be struck so that players are competing solely on skill .
I 've never been dropped from more online games than I have in three months of playing Modern Warfare 2 .
And I have a solid connection .
It 's not good enough for the biggest game of 2009 .
What do you think about Modern Warfare 2's multiplayer ?
Is it a flawless diamond , or could it use a bit of polish ?
Let us know what your experience has been with MW2 , and what changes you 'd like to see Infinity Ward make to its amazing online shooter .
THE ARMS DEAL THAT ALMOST DIDN ’T HAPPEN ….
The Obama administration was delighted to announce the framework of a new nuclear arms treaty with Russia yesterday , but Peter Baker has a fascinating account detailing how the deal almost did n’t happen .
President Obama was angry .
He was on the phone with President Dmitri A. Medvedev last month to finalize a new arms control treaty with Russia , only to be confronted with new demands for concessions on missile defense .
A deal that was supposed to be done was unraveling .
“ Dmitri , we agreed , ” Mr. Obama told Mr. Medvedev with a tone of exasperation , according to advisers .
“ We ca n’t do this .
If it means we ’re going to walk away from this treaty and not get it done , so be it .
But we ’re not going to go down this path . ”
Mr. Obama hung up and vented frustration .
Some of his advisers had never seen him so mad .
A picture taken by a White House photographer captured his grim face in that moment of uncertainty .
For a year he had been trying to forge a new relationship with Russia , starting with a treaty to slash nuclear arsenals .
And for a year Russia had been testing him , suspecting he was weak and certain it could roll over him .
If Mr. Obama overestimated his powers of persuasion in reaching quick agreement with the Russians , they misjudged how far they could get him to bend .
That seems to be one of the key takeaways from the long - sought treaty — Russia wanted to test Obama , and hoped he ’d buckle .
Indeed , the Russians seemed to think it was likely , given the U.S. president ’s domestic challenges , and Obama ’s desire to complete the deal and move on .
“ When President Obama ’s domestic positions were weakened in recent months and he was completely consumed in his crusade for health care reform , making all other issues irrelevant , it is surprising how much attention he kept on Start , ” said Sergei M. Rogov , director of the Institute for U.S. and Canada Studies in Moscow , referring to the treaty .
“ Even being 24 - hours - a - day busy on health reform , he had a 25th hour for Start . ”
What Russia did n’t expect is what they got — a U.S. president who took hard lines , did n’t yield , and was willing to be patient .
That was true even when missile defense provisions threatened to scuttle the entire deal .
Dmitri V. Trenin , director of the Carnegie Moscow Center , said that the Kremlin thought Mr. Obama would back down out of eagerness to finish the treaty before coming international nuclear summit meetings .
“ They believed Obama could be put under pressure and concessions could be extracted from him , ” Mr. Trenin said .
“ He needed the treaty more than the Russians in the short term . ”
“ If you ’re going to continue to persist on this missile defense language , we ’re going to have to walk away , ” Obama said to his Russian counterpart , according to senior officials .
The Russians kept up the hard - line posture in private as well , and after President Obama threatened to walk away from the negotiating table if Russians continued to insist on including missile defense in the treat , White House officials say they did n’t know what would happen .
Eventually Russians dropped the issue .
“ At the end of the day it was a pivotal moment , ” the official said , suggesting that the Russians saw President Obama as someone who was n’t going to “ cave . ”
Despite the Russians ’ apparent leverage , Obama did n’t back down .
The Russians did .
Periodically over the last few years , Obama has joked that “ just because I ’m skinny does n’t mean I ’m not tough . ”
I think everyone is starting to get a better sense that the boast is accurate .
Ezra Shaw / Getty Images
The San Jose Sharks continued their winning ways Saturday night against the Buffalo Sabres , as Evgeni Nabokov turned away 38 - of - 40 shots .
That .950 save percentage has been reached by Nabby in four straight games , and he has saved over nine of ten shots in all seven games he has played over the last two weeks .
He has given up just one goal in six of those games , and two in the other .
The question is whether he can maintain this level of play with this workload through the playoffs .
Nabby is on pace to play in 70 games , plus at least four in the Olympics — no goalie has won a Stanley Cup with that kind of workload past the age of 30 in decades .
But if he keeps playing like this , the Sharks will have the same success when it matters most as they are having now .
San Jose is a game and a half ahead of Chicago for the best record in the NHL , and Nabby is the team 's best player .
Sure , the Sharks have many players producing : Patrick Marleau leads the league in goals , Joe Thornton has led the league for almost the entire year in assists , Dany Heatley has been in the top five for goals the whole season , Dan Boyle is third among defencemen in points ... but no one is playing at the level Nabby is .
Last season , the Sharks outshot their opponents in virtually every game , riding that to victory .
This season , they have been outshot in 15 of their 35 wins , meaning they no longer need to dominate to win .
Nabby has a better save percentage on the penalty kill than he has overall , one of the leading factors in San Jose 's streak of 34 straight penalties killed that was ended in the third period Saturday night .
He has outplayed fellow Olympic goaltenders Miikka Kiprusoff , Ryan Miller , Ilya Bryzgalov , Jonas Hiller , and Jonathan Quick in that stretch .
In his only loss , ( in a shootout to another Olympian , Tim Thomas ) , the only goal he yielded was kicked in by Boyle .
The Sharks still have issues , namely :
They were outplayed by Buffalo in the first and last period , and could not match the Sabres ' intensity .
They seem to take more penalties than their opponents often .
They rely too heavily on their top line , with 40 percent of their goals coming from Heatley and Marleau , and over half coming from the five players that are out there on the opening faceoff .
But if Nabokov keeps playing like this , the Sharks will still be playing Memorial Day .
That would be a nice feeling .
Finally , the FCC has had it with " small ball " — and the agency is at last detailing some big - picture aspirational goals for US broadband .
By 2020 , the National Broadband Plan calls for 100 million homes to have 100 M bps Internet access , and the US should have the world 's largest " ultra - high - speed broadband testbeds . "
In addition , Internet adoption rates should hit at least 90 percent — way up from the current 65 percent .
Broadband will also become a universal service like the telephone system of old — and FCC Chairman Julius Genachoswki promised today that even baseline service would be faster than the 1 - 2 M bps currently pushed by other countries .
Taking back the lead ?
Genachowski provided a preview of the soon - to - be- unveiled National Broadband Plan today to a meeting of state regulators gathered in DC .
After months in which we 've heard only about modest targets and worthy but mediocre goals for the NBP , Genachowski made clear that the final plan would push for " ambitious but achievable " results .
The goal is nothing less than to put the US back at the top of the pack when it comes to broadband .
Though critics can quibble about the details of the overall US rank on broadband deployment and speed , Genachowski countered with the claim that " no one can argue that we are leading the world in broadband , or are even as close as we should be . "
The NBP will attempt to " close these gaps . "
According to Genachowski , the plan will put an emphasis on smart grid technology , it will overhaul the E - Rate program that brings Internet access to schools and classrooms , it will finally recommend doing something with the 700MHz D block set aside for public safety , it will seek to free up more spectrum for wireless , and it will try to lower the cost of broadband buildouts " through the smart use of government rights of way and conduits . "
But the marquee piece of the plan will be the call for 100 million US households to use 100 M bps broadband connections by 2020 .
When it comes to availability , this is not actually an ambitious goal .
Verion 's FiOS already passes 12.2 million homes and could easily scale past 100 M bps today if the company wanted to do so ( the company said today that it can " currently " deliver " up to 400 Mbps to all customers " if it so desired ) .
Cable already offers high - speed Internet to 120 million US homes , and inexpensive DOCSIS 3.0 upgrades have already brought 50 Mbps and 100 M bps speeds to millions .
The real issue here is not availability , but uptake .
Of the 12.2 million homes passed by FiOS , for instance , only 3.43 million have subscribed to the service .
And , while cable already reaches millions with blazing speeds , most people are still taking much slower speed tiers .
If the FCC wants to get people to use high - speed services , it needs to encourage more price competition so that we can get the sort of speed / price equation already seen in places like Hong Kong .
To do that , the FCC is pushing super - high - speed test networks of the kind recently announced by Google .
The idea is that these can serve as incubators for innovation , showing ISPs how to do things faster and cheaper , but also showing the public what is actually possible .
" We should stretch beyond 100 megabit , " said Genachowski .
" The US should lead the world in ultra - high - speed broadband testbeds as fast , or faster , than anywhere in the world .
In the global race to the top , this will help ensure that America has the infrastructure to host the boldest innovations that can be imagined .
Google announced a one gigabit testbed initiative just a few days ago — and we need others to drive competition to invent the future . "
Another piece of the price puzzle is encouraging robust growth in mobile Internet services to put upward speed pressure on wireline ISPs .
Though the speech talks about the importance of spectrum and the need to " lead the world in mobile broadband , " it remains unclear what this means in practice .
What about mandatory line - sharing , suggested by the FCC 's own commissioned study as one of the best ways to increase competition and drive down price ?
Genachowski did n't mention it , though recent reports indicate the FCC could be open to the idea .
We would be shocked to see this happen , but Genachowski did go out of his way to say that " significant private investment " had not been enough , and that America 's " broadband ecosystem is not nearly as robust as it needs to be . "
Currently , the average US broadband speed is 3.9 Mbps , putting the country in 18th place worldwide .
At the current Census Bureau average of 2.6 people per US household , this means that Genachowski hopes to move 260 million Americans to 100 M bps broadband within a decade , a worthy goal given the huge number of people involved ( early adopters and techies will of course be ashamed to be seen with 100 M bps connections by then , but this looks like a solid baseline for the general public ) .
Combined with the promised " once- in- a- generation transformation of the Universal Service Fund " and the pledge that a truly universal US broadband connection will be faster than 2 M bps , the National Broadband Plan may end up being an important document after all .
The mechanisms behind many of these changes were not explained in the speech , and it remains unclear what the FCC will actually do to make its goals a reality ( we will know more a month from now when the plan is released ) .
But just having some decent goals can be helpful in itself .
For Genachowski , broadband is n't transformative in the way that interstates were transformative .
No , this is bigger — think electricity — and building broadband pipes is " our generation 's great infrastructure challenge . "
Does this article look a little different than the rest ?
That 's because this article is displayed as an That 's because this article is displayed as an Ars Premier Subscriber would see it — with no advertisements .
If you like what you see , consider signing up and supporting Ars Technica .
The Federal Communications Commission has recommended a host of ways that the government can help make broadband more useful to Americans when it comes to health care , energy costs , and jobs .
And new rules enacted by the agency will let thousands of public schools open their Internet facilities to the public .
" Broadband ’s ability to improve lives goes far beyond a strictly ' educational ' context , " noted Commissioner Mignon Clyburn during Thursday 's Open Commission FCC meeting .
" Computer terminals at public access points that sit dormant waste an important opportunity to help members of the public search for jobs . "
Clyburn was referring to an Order that will let schools that participate in the FCC's E - Rate computer equipment funding program open their doors to Internet seekers during non-operating hours .
Right now , K - 12s that take E - Rate money for equipment and broadband connectivity can only offer those resources to their students .
That means that these facilities go unused on evenings , weekends , and during summer breaks .
Now schools that permit community access can share their networked computers with job seekers , students enrolled in digital literacy programs , and people who need to access government services online .
The ruling comes in the form of a waiver of the FCC 's requirement that E - Rate recipients only use these funds for educational purposes .
The Order will last through the E - Rate funding year , up until June 30 , 2011 .
But schools have to promise that they wo n't request more E - Rate money than they need for their students , will only open their Internet doors when students are out of school , and wo n't sell their facilities to anyone .
No backdoors
" The change in our rules should not inadvertently put an increased demand on the E - Rate program , " warned Commissioner Robert M. McDowell .
" It should not provide a backdoor way for schools to request more funds than necessary to support their student populations , and any upcoming audits should be designed in a manner to foreclose such actions . "
This expansion of E - Rate facilities was first tried in Alaska .
It could take some of the pressure off public libraries , which share their Internet stations with patrons for general use , and have been deluged with job seekers who have no access to broadband anywhere else .
But one wonders how many cash - strapped public schools will avail themselves of this change , given that opening up their workstations will require them to spend additional money on access supervisors and technical support .
Nonetheless , the move won praise from Representative Edward Markey ( D - MA ) , who has a bill in the House that would allow E - Rate to fund e-Book readers and home broadband connections for low income K - 12 kids .
Free Press also cheered the announcement , but noted that it falls far short of the reform group 's own recommendations , which include letting schools offer WiFi to local neighborhoods .
Anytime , anywhere
Meanwhile , yet another sneak preview of the agency 's National Broadband Plan surfaced at Thursday 's meeting .
The FCC 's broadband National Purposes Update did n't mention any of the big regulatory recommendations that it will make to Congress when the plan is unveiled on March 17 .
But the document did offer a laundry list of ways that government could make broadband more useful for the public .
These include :
Setting up a broadband powered " national employment assistance platform , " which would offer the workforce " anytime , anywhere e-learning tools to drive enrollment in post - secondary education and job training programs "
Authorizing the Rural Health Care Program to fund high speed Internet adoption at rural health care facilities , and encouraging the use of remote monitoring vital sign equipment hooked up to the ' Net
Fast tracking the digitization and accessibility of health care records
Encouraging deployment of smart grid technology , and releasing more government data on digital platforms so that consumers have online access to their energy use records
Creating a nationwide interoperable broadband wireless public safety network .
Some of these proposals are a bit difficult to decipher , e.g. , " Improve ability of federal buildings to serve as anchor tenants for unserved and underserved communities . "
Will the FCC suggest running fiber lines to federal buildings as a way to jumpstart local ISP activity ?
The FCC has been trying to get that interoperable public safety network out the door for quite a while .
At present the Commission is tasked by Congress with auctioning off a chunk of spectrum to a private company that will share the bandwidth with public safety agencies .
The one and only attempt at that auction failed , and now public safety groups want the agency to allocate that band to them outright , something that Capitol Hill would have to authorize first .
The UK use of drones to kill " high - value targets " in Afghanistan should have come as no surprise .
British troops are fighting in some of the most dangerous and rugged parts of Afghanistan , and drones have great attractions .
They are a relatively cheap way of killing people in areas that are otherwise largely inaccessible .
The lives of British troops are not put at risk .
Remote pilots carry out an apparently clinical operation , with none of the gore and messiness of military combat .
Nor is it surprising that the Ministry of Defence responds to the news with bland assurances that every effort is made to ensure that drones are used in compliance with the laws of war .
There are " no reports " of civilian casualties , the ministry adds .
If taken at face value , these are heartening assurances .
But they also illustrate the heart of the problem : the use of killer drones is shrouded in secrecy , and the accountability mechanisms that apply to regular warfare are simply absent .
Drones lend themselves to secrecy .
Used without fanfare in remote and inaccessible areas , they are invisible to all but their potential victims .
The military advantages are obvious , but so too are the potential rule - of - law problems .
Unless governments voluntarily disclose information , human rights monitors and independent journalists are unable to verify claims that there are limited or no civilian casualties , let alone to weigh them against credible reports that hundreds of innocents have died .
That is the situation in the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan , where the CIA is operating a secret drone killing programme about which we have been particularly critical because the US refuses to disclose the programme 's legal justification , the safeguards designed to minimise civilian harm , or the follow - up inquiries conducted .
In relation to the UK , it 's true at one level , as the MoD says , that using drones to kill is no different from a pilot dropping a bomb from a fighter jet or a soldier firing a gun .
In each case , the legal question is whether the human beings who authorise the use of the weapon , and those who fire it , have abided by the laws of war .
Drones may only be used to kill in an armed conflict .
The killing must fulfil a military need , and no alternative should be reasonably possible .
In Afghanistan , where British forces are fighting armed groups and not the troops of another country , the target must have a direct connection to the combat , either as a Taliban or al - Qaida " fighter " , or as a civilian who is " directly participating in hostilities " .
The use of force must be proportionate , meaning that commanders must weigh any expected military advantage against possible harm to civilians .
Violation of these requirements could result in a war crime .
But making the case for formal legality is only the beginning .
Accountability is an independent requirement of international law .
When complete secrecy prevails , it is negated .
Secrecy also provides incentives to push the margins in problematic ways .
Two examples will suffice .
First , the US , with reported Nato agreement , has already added Taliban - supporting drug traffickers – alleged criminals – to its kill list .
Second , in the wake of the December suicide bombing of CIA operatives in Khost , American drone killings have surged dramatically .
In a zone of secrecy , there is no way to know if the 90 people reportedly killed in 11 subsequent strikes were legitimate targets or simply retaliatory killings .
Equally discomfiting is the " PlayStation mentality " that surrounds drone killings .
Young military personnel raised on a diet of video games now kill real people remotely using joysticks .
Far removed from the human consequences of their actions , how will this generation of fighters value the right to life ?
How will commanders and policymakers keep themselves immune from the deceptively antiseptic nature of drone killings ?
Will killing be a more attractive option than capture ?
Will the standards for intelligence - gathering to justify a killing slip ?
Will the number of acceptable " collateral " civilian deaths increase ?
History contains numerous examples of government secrecy breeding abuse .
Drone programmes are perfect candidates .
In the wake of the Guardian 's revelations , the onus is on the MoD to establish accountability mechanisms to show that drone killings are in fact being carried out in accordance with accepted international legal standards .
While having a netbook slightly decreased the hassle of whipping out your laptop to check for wireless nodes , it 's still a pain .
If you keep your PSP in your gadget bag , put it to work as a Wi -Fi scanner .
Advertisement
If you live in a city you 're surrounded by free wireless nearly everywhere you go , the key is knowing what 's available and open for use .
Much easier than stopping every hundred feet and busting out your laptop is using your tiny PSP as a scanner .
At MakeUseOf they cover two techniques for using your PSP to sniff out Wi -Fi locations .
The first can be done with a stock PSP .
You simply go into the network settings on the PSP and tell it to look for new wireless networks .
That will work , but it wo n't look continuously just when you ask it to .
If you 've set up your PSP to run homebrew software you have access to a superior option .
Road Dog scans continuously , shows you the strength of the signal , and can even be set to alert mode where it will notify you on new finds even when you 're not paying attention to the scanner .
You do n't need to write down the spots it finds , just press the NOTE button on the PSP and it'll save the information of the network you 're looking at for later use .
Advertisement
If you 're looking for novel things to do with your homebrew - enabled PSP , check out previous articles on how to use your PSP as a universal remote and how to use your PSP as a additional monitor in Windows .
Have a favorite PSP application or trick for finding Wi-Fi without the hassle of booting up your laptop ?
Let 's hear about it in the comments .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Road Dog [ via MakeUseOf ]
Thousands of people have signed up to eat at Indian restaurants across the country as part of a peaceful protest against racism .
The organiser of Vindaloo Against Violence , Mia Northrop , says she hopes today 's event will demonstrate to local ethnic communities that Australians do not tolerate racism .
Over 16,000 people have signed up for the event , which started following a spate of violence against Indians in Victoria .
Ms Northrop says see wanted to create an event for all Australians .
" I wanted a way to get the silent majority of people who would n't necessarily go to protest or marches to have their voice heard on it , " she said .
" I know the majority of Australians do n't tolerate racism and they do n't tolerate racially - motivated violence . "
The Victoria Police Chief Commissioner , Simon Overland has praised the event .
" They 've taken some initiative , they 've acted and I think the community here and around the world has just responded tremendously , " he said .
" I think it 's a great opportunity to send a message of support to the Indian community and also a broader message around that we do n't condone violence in any way , shape or form . "
Nancy Schwartz , Medicare Coach
nancy@smartmedicare.com
( 862 ) 216-0445
Let 's Connect on Linked In
What I ’m Doing Now
This note marks the close of GettingAttention.org .
Thank you for all your support , engagement , and friendship over the years .
Before I go , I want to update you on my new career .
Drama !
From Marketing to Medicare
I ’m now working as a Medicare Coach .
If you had predicted I ’d shift to the health insurance space , after 27 years in nonprofit marketing , I would have said you were out of your mind !
But life has a funny way of unfolding .
I was motivated to enter this field by the 15 + years I managed the life and business affairs of my elderly father , Manny .
Caring for Dad was a tough but transformative experience .
And I emerged after his death determined to work with folks my age and older to help them make smart decisions about their health care coverage .
You see , Dad ’s fully - covered access to the health care he needed ( from the doctors we preferred ) was a bedrock foundation in his otherwise topsy - turvy life with dementia .
Now , I help others get to that same feeling of safety and confidence in their health insurance choices .
Not Goodbye
As a communications consultant for nonprofits , my main professional challenge was to help organizations align their marketing with their strategic goals .
As a Medicare Coach , my chief challenge is to help individuals navigate the complex health coverage choices they face as they near 65 or retirement .
It ’s all too easy to make costly mistakes that put your health care coverage and finances at risk .
My goal is to guide people like you through this process so you feel secure and confident in your Medicare decisions — and ensure access to the health care you need — for the duration .
If I can help you , your friends or family members make smart , affordable decisions about Medicare coverage , I ’d be honored to do so .
Let ’s talk !
Please contact me at nancy@smartmedicare.com or ( 862 ) 216-0445 .
Thank You All
I so appreciate your warmth and interest over all these years .
You have fueled my personal and professional growth .
I will never forget you .
Thank you ,
Nancy
P.S. By the way , my journey into Medicare has only confirmed my support for single - payer health care for all .
It ’s the only sensible long - term solution for our country .
But in the interim , I ’m happy I ’ve found a way to help ease people ’s pain and anxiety getting and keeping coverage in this crazy , hodge - podge system .
Let 's Connect on Linked In
Nancy Schwartz , Medicare Coach
nancy@smartmedicare.com
( 862 ) 216-0445
Welcome , .
Please login or register Did you miss your activation email
Foamy The Squirrel Cartoons & Images Are Copyright Jonathan Ian Mathers © iLL WiLL PreSS 2002 - 2020 All Content Is From illwillpress.com and is not associated with this site .
We simply are a fan site trying to help spread the chaos of Foamy
+ 27
Houses • Bariloche , Argentina Architects : Alric Galindez Arquitectos / Santiago Alric , Carlos Galindez , Federico Lloveras
Area Area of this architecture project Area : 591 m²
Year Completion year of this architecture project Year : 2008
Photographs Photographs : Courtesy Alric Galindez
Text description provided by the architects .
The house is a result of several stone boxes piled up on the side of a sloping area .
Each one of these cases points and frames an outstanding view , where we can find Catedral , Otto , and Ventana mountains , as main characters of the landscape seen from inside .
The space is organized so that it can be divided in different zones , depending on the number of persons that are actually using the place .
During most of the year , the house can be used by areas , smaller homes inside the big house for single couple trips or for groups of friends in leisure plans , or even both of them happening at the same time .
These variety of layouts transform the inside life of the house , growing , changing , adapting , evolving .
We used local stones to keep a coherent language with the harsh and wonderful surrounding , trying to create the idea that the house was always there , just as another rock or an unnoticed natural feature .
Snow seasons reinforce the idea .
A white vast dominating view , only a few mountain peaks appear in dark contrast , and the house always there .
The social area is placed on the access level , dominating the best views captured by white calm boxes from inside , opposing to the overwhelming exterior .
The master bedroom , and the guests room share this level too , each facing a different mountain , in this surprising kaleidoscope of sights .
On the ground floor level , the rooms for the kids , shaped by the land slope , creating different situations and volumes , and a two level loft , due to a sudden depression on the terrain becomes the boys master space .
As an extension of the deck , a sinuous wooden stair guides us to the last box , resting a few steps below .
A sightseeing Jacuzzi offers the best sunset views of lake Gutierrez , and below the wooden deck , a warm gym and a sauna complete this relax an inspiring lookout , in an ideal mood , slightly above the Patagonian valley .
If you spend time talking to software developers about tools , one of the biggest topics I hear about are version control tools .
Once you 've got to the point of using version control tools , and any competent developers does , then they become a big part of your life .
Version tools are not just important for maintaining a history of a project , they are also the foundation for a team to collaborate .
So it 's no surprise that I hear frequent complaints about poor version control tools .
In our recent ThoughtWorks technology radar , we called out two items as version control tools that enterprises should be assessing for use : Subversion and Distributed Version Control Systems ( DVCS ) .
Here I want to expand on that , summarizing many discussions we 've had internally about version control tools .
But first some pinches of salt .
I wrote this piece based on an unscientific agglomeration of conversations with my colleagues inside ThoughtWorks and various friends and associates outside .
I have n't engaged in any rigorous testing or structured comparisons , so like most of my writing this is based on AnecdotalEvidence .
My personal experience in recent years is mostly subversion and mercurial , but my usage patterns are not typical of a software development team .
Overwhelmingly my contacts like to work in an agile - xp approach ( even if many sniff at the label ) and need tools that support that work style .
I expect many people to be annoyed by this article .
I hope that annoyance will lead to good articles that I can link to .
( After writing this I did do a small VcsSurvey which did n't undermine my conclusions . )
Fundamentally there 's three version control systems that get broad approval : subversion ( svn ) , git , and mercurial ( hg ) .
Behind the Recommendability Threshold Many tools fail to pass the recommendability threshold .
There are two reasons why : poor capability or poor visibility .
Many tools garner consistent complaints from ThoughtWorkers about their lack of capability .
( ThoughtWorkers being what they are , all tools , including the preferred set , get some complaints .
Those behind the threshold get mostly complaints . )
Two in particular generate a lot of criticism : ClearCase ( from IBM ) and TFS ( from Microsoft ) .
One reason they get a lot of criticism is that they are very popular on client sites , often with company policies mandating their use ( I 'll describe a coping strategy for that at the end ) .
It 's fair to say that often these problems are compounded by company policies around using VCS .
I 've heard of some truly bizarre work - flows imposed on teams that make it a constant hurdle to get anything done .
Since the VCS is the tool that enforces these work - flows , it does tend to get tarred with that brush .
I 'm not going to go into details about the problems the poor - capability tools have here , that would be another article .
( This has probably made me even more unpopular in IBM and Microsoft as it is . )
I will , at least for the moment , leave it with the fact that developers I respect have worked extensively with , and do not recommend , these products .
The second reason for shuffling a tool behind the recommendability threshold is that I do n't hear many comments about some tools .
This is an issue because less - popular tools make it difficult to find developers who know how to use them or want to find out .
There are many reasons why otherwise good tools can fall behind there .
I used to hear people say good things about Perforce , but now the feeling seems to be that it does n't have compelling advantages over Subversion , let alone the DVCSs .
Speaking of DVCSs , there are more than just the two I 've highlighted here .
Bazaar , in particular , is one I occasionally hear good things about , but again I hear about it much less often then git or Mercurial .
Before I finish with those behind the threshold , I just want to say a few things about a particularly awful tool : Visual Source Safe , or as I call it : Visual Source Shredder .
We see this less often now , thank goodness , but if you are using it we 'd strongly suggest you get off it .
Now .
Not just is it a pain to use , I 've heard too many tales of repository corruption to trust it with anything more valuable than foo.
txt .
So this leaves three tools that my contacts are generally happy with .
I find it interesting that all three are open - source .
Choosing between these tools involves first deciding between a centralized or distributed VCS model and then , if you chose DVCS , choosing between git and mercurial .
Distributed or Centralized Most of the time , the choice between centralized and distributed rests on how skilled and disciplined the development team is .
A distributed system opens up lots of flexibility in work - flow , but that flexibility can be dangerous if you do n't have the maturity to use it well .
Subversion encourages a simple central repository model , discouraging large scale branching .
In an environment that 's using Continuous Integration , which is how most of my friends like to work , that model fits reasonably well .
As a result Subversion is a good choice for most environments .
And although DVCSs give you lots of flexibility in how you arrange your work - flows , most people I know still base their work patterns on the notion of a shared mainline repository that 's used with Continuous Integration .
Although modern VCS have almost magic tools to merge different people 's changes , these merges are still just merging text .
Continuous Integration is still necessary to get semantic consistency .
So as a result even a team using DVCS usually still has the notion of the central master repository .
Subversion has three main downsides compared to its cooler distributed cousins .
Because distributed systems always give you a local disk copy of the whole repository , this means that repository operations are always fast as they do n't involve network calls to central servers .
This is a palpable difference if you are looking at logs , diffing to old revisions , and anything else that involves the full repository .
If this is noticeable on my home network , it is a huge issue if your repository is on another continent - as we find with our distributed projects .
If you travel away from your network connection to the repository , a distributed system will still allow you to work with the repository .
You can commit checkpoints of your work , browse history , and compare revisions on an airplane without a network connection .
The last downside is more of a social issue than a true tool issue .
DVCS encourages quick branching for experimentation .
You can do branches in Subversion , but the fact that they are visible to all discourages people from opening up a branch for experimental work .
Similarly a DVCS encourages check - pointing of work : committing incomplete changes , that may not even compile or pass tests , to your local repository .
Again you could do this on a developer branch in Subversion , but the fact that such branches are in the shared space makes people less likely to do so .
This last point also leads to the argument against a DVCS , that it encourages wanton branching , that feels good early on but can easily lead you to merge doom .
In particular the FeatureBranch approach is a popular one that I do n't encourage .
As with similar comments earlier I must point out that reckless branching is n't something that 's particular to one tool .
I 've often heard people in ClearCase environments complain of the same issue .
But DVCSs encourage branching , and that 's the major reason why I indicate that team needs more skill to use a DVCS well .
There is one particular case where subversion is the better choice even for a team that skilled at using a DVCS .
This case is where the artifacts you 're collaborating on are binary and cannot be merged by the VCS - for example word documents or presentation decks .
In this case you need to revert to pessimistic locking with single - writer checkouts - and that requires a centralized system .
Git or Mercurial
So if you 're going to go the DVCS route - which one should you choose ?
Mercurial and git get most of the attention , so I feel the choice is between them .
Then the choice boils down to power versus usability , with a dash of mind - share and the shadow of github .
Git certainly seems to be liked for its power .
Folks go ga - ga over it's near - magical ability to do textual merges automatically and correctly , even in the face of file renames .
I have n't seen any objective tests comparing merge capabilities , but the subjective opinion favors git .
( Merge - through - rename , as my colleague Lucas Ward defines it , describes the following scenario .
I rename Foo.cs to Bar.cs , Lucas makes some changes to Foo.cs .
When we merge his changes are correctly applied to Bar.cs .
Both git and Mercurial handle this . )
For many git 's biggest downside was its oft - cryptic commands and mental model .
Ben Butler - Cole phrased it beautifully : " there is this amazingly powerful thing writhing around in there that will basically do everything I could possibly ask of it if only I knew how . "
To its detractors , git lacks discoverability - the ability to gradual infer what it does from it 's apparent design .
Git 's advocates say that much of this is because it uses a different mental model to other VCSs , so you have to do more unlearn your knowledge of VCS to appreciate git .
Whatever the reason git seems to be attractive more to those who enjoy learning the internals while mercurial seems to appeal more to those who just want to do version control .
The shadow of github is important here .
Even git - skeptics rate it as a superb place for project collaboration .
Mercurial 's equivalent , bitbucket , just does n't inspire the same affection .
However there are other sites that may begin to close the gap , in particular Google Code and Microsoft 's Codeplex .
( I find Codeplex 's use of Mercurial very encouraging .
Microsoft is often , rightly , criticized for not collaborating well with complementary open source products .
Their use of Mercurial on their open - source hosting site is a very encouraging sign . )
Historically git worked poorly on Windows , poorly enough that we'd not suggest it .
This has now changed , providing you run it using msysgit and not cygwin .
Our view now is that msysgit is good enough to make comparison with Mercurial a non-issue for Windows .
People generally find that git handles branching better than Mercurial , particular for short - lived branches for experimentation and check - pointing .
Mercurial encourages other mechanisms , such as fast cloning of separate repository directories and queue patching , but git 's branching is a simpler and better model .
Mercurial does seem to have an issue with large binary files .
My general suggestion is that such things are usually better managed with subversion , but if you have too few of them to warrant separate management , then Mercurial may get hung up by the few that you have .
Multiple VCS
There 's often value to using more than one VCS at the same time .
This is generally where there is a wider need to use a less capable VCS than your team wants to use .
The case that we run into frequently is where there is a corporate standard for a deficient VCS ( usually ClearCase ) but we wish to work efficiently .
In that case we 've had success using a different VCS for day - to - day team team work and committing to the corporate VCS when necessary .
So while the team VCS will see several commits per person per day , the corporate VCS sees a commit every week or two .
Often that 's what the corporate admins prefer in any case .
Historically we 've done this using svn as the local VCS but in the future we 're more likely to use a DVCS for local fronting .
This dual usage scenario is also common with git - svn where people use git locally but commit to a shared svn system .
Git - svn is another reason for preferring git over mercurial .
Using a local DVCS is particularly valuable for remote site working , where network outages and bandwidth problems can cripple a site that 's remote from a centralized VCS .
A lot of teams can benefit from this dual - VCS working style , particularly if there 's a lot of corporate ceremony enforced by their corporate VCS .
Using dual - VCS can often make both the local development team happier and the corporate controllers happier as their motivations for VCS are often different .
By Katherine Sellgren
BBC News education and family
Pupils are using new technologies on a regular basis Pupils given a greater degree of freedom to surf the internet at school are less vulnerable to online dangers in the long - term , inspectors say .
" Managed " online systems were more successful than " locked " ones at safeguarding pupils ' safety , they said .
In a report , Ofsted said the area most in need of improvement was online safety training for teaching staff .
The report was published in E - safety Week , which aims to raise awareness of some of the dangers of technologies .
The inspectors ' research was commissioned in response to a report by Dr Tanya Btron , which assessed the risks children faced when using the internet and video games .
Ofsted inspectors visited 33 primary and secondary schools , a special school and a pupil referral unit and found e-safety was outstanding in five , good in 16 , satisfactory in 13 and inadequate in one .
The five schools judged outstanding for online safety all used managed systems to help pupils become responsible users of technology .
Where the provision for e-safety was outstanding , the schools had managed rather than locked down systems
Ofsted report
These systems have fewer inaccessible sites than locked down systems and so " require pupils to take responsibility for themselves " .
Inspectors said that while the 13 schools using locked down systems kept pupils safe while in school , these systems were less effective in helping them learn how to use technology safely .
The report - the safe use of new technologies - said : " The schools where the provision for e-safety was good or better recognised the potential dangers of new technologies , but tried to equip their pupils to deal with them .
" Where the provision for e-safety was outstanding , the schools had managed rather than locked down systems .
" In the best practice seen , pupils were helped , from a very early age , to assess the risk of accessing sites and therefore gradually to acquire skills which would help them adopt safe practices even when they were not supervised . "
The report praised one local authority where schools had adopted a " think before you click " policy , encouraging pupils to ask themselves questions such as " can I be sure people are who they say they are ? " and " what information about myself should I not give ? "
Staff training
The inspectors said their main concern was poor levels of staff training in online safety .
" E - safety training was usually weak when the head teacher had not delegated responsibility for it .
The training tended to be informal only , " the report said .
The best training was planned systematically and included all teaching and support staff , it added .
A new e-safety campaign uses cartoons to teach children The Ofsted report called on the Department for Children , Schools and Families , Becta ( the government 's agency for promoting ICT ) and the Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre ( Ceop ) to do more to help schools improve e-safety .
Chief inspector Christine Gilbert said : " New technologies are central to modern life and provide a powerful support for learning , but they can also present a risk for young people if they are not taught how to use them safely .
" Children and young people do not always have the knowledge , skills and understanding to keep themselves safe and so it is essential that our schools teach them how to stay safe online . "
Ceop welcomed the report findings , saying it would ignite future debate .
Chief executive Jim Gamble said children needed to be empowered to use the internet rather than " mollycoddled " .
Mr Gamble said , in the real world , adults would not block children from going to the park , but would help them mitigate any risks involved .
" The best way for children to manoeuvre these websites effectively is through experience , " he said .
Stephen Crowne , chief executive of Becta , said : " The internet is an incredibly powerful tool for learning , offering a wealth of resources and information but we can't deny there are potential threats out there .
" Schools and parents need to work together to ensure that students use it responsibly and safely - whether in or out of the classroom . "
On Tuesday , the UK Council for Child Internet Safety launched a campaign to raise awareness of e-safety among young children .
The campaign uses cartoons to show five to seven - year - olds that people are not always what they seem .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Jane Elliott
Health reporter , BBC News
Lisa wants to raise money for research
When Lisa Connell was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour she wanted to do something to help tackle the condition .
She decided to set herself a target of raising £ 1 m before she died .
And she hit upon rather a novel idea of raising the cash - auctioning herself .
" I could n't walk and was paralysed and my dad got me a gym membership to try and get me fit , " she said .
" I went every day and worked round the clock . "
When specialists told her she might never walk again , she advertised on her MySpace page that she was doing a 10 k run .
" I got £ 3,500 from people I did not even know and I kept getting e-mails saying ' you look fit ' , and I was like , ' you know what - put your money where your mouth is ' .
" So I came up with the idea to ' Rent A Date For Charity ' . "
Every time I go back to see my neurosurgeon at Guys Hospital he says he can't say whether it is months , days or decades I have , they just do n't know
Lisa Connell Lisa has now been on innumerable dates .
" I have been on loads of dates but I love meeting people and I am a bubbly person .
" I am up for auction at the moment , but I have had to slow down a bit because I do n't get time to see my own friends and family . "
In total so far , " Rent A Date For Charity " has managed to raise just over £ 18,500 .
Prognosis Lisa , 30 , from north London , said nobody has been able to tell her what the future holds , but said that her benign tumour , called a meningioma , has recently stopped growing for the first time .
Lisa hopes to raise £ 1 m
It was detected three years ago when she started experiencing double vision .
" My balance went completely and I could n't co-ordinate myself and my perception of where everything was , was completely out , " she explained .
" The doctors said I would never walk again . "
The tumour is inoperable but last year she was given gamma knife treatment , which uses highly focused beams of radiation to attack cancer cells .
" They know it will never shrink the tumour but they hope that it may at least slow it down , " she said .
" Every time I go back to see my neurosurgeon at Guys Hospital he says he can't say whether it is months , days or decades I have , they just do n't know . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Like it needed confirmation in the first place !
SCEA president Jack Tretton has confirmed Killzone 3 , stating that while he can't guarantee any news on the game will be had at E3 , he can promise that the game is on the way .
Thus ends the worst kept secret in Sony 's bag of tricks .
" I ’m saving the batter for E3 .
We will absolutely bring the heat , " says Tretton , weirdly , on the latest episode of GTTV . " ...
We own Guerrilla [ Games ] and they did a great job on Killzone 1 and 2 .
I do n’t know whether you ’ll see announcements about it [ at E3 ] , but I can promise you a Killzone 3 . "
Sounds like Sony has some hotness in the works .
I just hope it is n't all to do with PlayStation Move , and that the DualShock still has a part in Sony 's current plans .
In any case , I loved Killzone 2 with a passion , so I 'm all about the idea of a new game coming .
I 've always got time to shoot Future Nazis in their space faces .
[ Via GTTV ]
Contents and Introduction :
Surface Mount components , as the name suggests , attach to the surface of boards , not through holes like older components .
SMDs ( “ Surface Mount Devices ” ) are lighter , cheaper , smaller and can be placed closer together .
These factors , among others , mean that the days are numbered for through - hole components with widely spaced leads .
This set of guides will demonstrate ( relatively ) inexpensive tools and methods for soldering and desoldering SMDs .
I have a rule about bringing politics into the LNMC because it's all about the music so I obeyed my own rules .
I wanted to give a shout out to Sinead O'Connor for writing a terrific op - ed in the Washington Post about the Sex scandal that has rocked Ireland involving the Catholic Church and the Pope .
In October 2005 , a report sponsored by the Irish government identified more than 100 allegations of sexual abuse by priests in Ferns , a small town 70 miles south of Dublin , between 1962 and 2002 .
Accused priests were n't investigated by police ; they were deemed to be suffering a " moral " problem .
In 2009 , a similar report implicated Dublin archbishops in hiding sexual abuse scandals between 1975 and 2004 .
Why was such criminal behavior tolerated ?
The " very prominent role which the Church has played in Irish life is the very reason why abuses by a minority of its members were allowed to go unchecked , " the 2009 report said .
Despite the church 's long entanglement with the Irish government , Pope Benedict 's so - called apology takes no responsibility for the transgressions of Irish priests .
His letter states that " the Church in Ireland must first acknowledge before the Lord and before others the serious sins committed against defenceless children . "
What about the Vatican 's complicity in those sins ?
Benedict 's apology gives the impression that he heard about abuse only recently , and it presents him as a fellow victim : " I can only share in the dismay and the sense of betrayal that so many of you have experienced on learning of these sinful and criminal acts and the way Church authorities in Ireland dealt with them . "
But Benedict 's infamous 2001 letter to bishops around the world ordered them to keep sexual abuse allegations secret under threat of excommunication -- updating a noxious church policy , expressed in a 1962 document , that both priests accused of sex crimes and their victims " observe the strictest secret " and be " restrained by a perpetual silence .... read on
Please reads the full op - ed .
It 's quite powerful .
I remember when she tore up the Pope 's picture on SNL ( Youtube news report embedded here ) and the visceral reaction she received over it .
It was as if she committed a form of sexual abuse on the church and the Pope .
Artists that take a stand like she did risk their entire careers to shed light on injustices .
Anyway , she 's my hero .
These scandals have really hurt me deeply even though I no longer adhere to all the teachings or rituals of the Catholic Church as I once did .
Italians , just like the Irish revered the Catholic church and I grew up as a child and young adult in that world .
What she did in 1992 was courageous and necessary , but to see the reality play out now in real time is so disturbing .
And I 'm positive we 'll see a lot more .
Thank you , Sinead .
North Korea fires near South sea border for third day
North Korea says the firing is part of a regular military drill North Korea has fired artillery shells near its disputed maritime border with South Korea for a third successive day .
Pyongyang says the firing is part of an annual military drill but Seoul says it is " provocative " and on Wednesday fired retaliatory warning shots .
South Korean President Lee Myung - bak told the BBC the North was using the firing as a negotiating tactic .
But he said he was still willing to meet North Korean leader Kim Jong - il to discuss the country 's nuclear plans .
North Korean ships fired about 20 artillery rounds into the sea around the disputed western border on Friday , South Korean reports said .
The Joint Chiefs of Staff in Seoul said the shells appeared to have landed in the North 's waters , Yonhap news agency reports .
Radar system Spokesman Park Sung - woo said Seoul would be " closely observing the situation throughout the day " .
Yonhap said the South 's defence ministry was considering positioning an artillery - tracking radar system in the area .
The third maritime firing incident in as many days comes after the North designated two no-sail zones in the area , including some South Korean waters , until 29 March .
On Wednesday , South Korean coastal bases fired warning shots after the North fired shells into the sea .
North Korea fired for a second time later that day and again on Thursday , but the South has not retaliated .
' No preconditions '
Mr Lee said there could be many reasons why North Korea had taken such action at this time .
Lee Myung - bak said any talks would have to be " candid "
But he said the firing could be a " negotiating tactic " , in response to international pressure on Pyongyang to return to six - party talks on its nuclear programme .
Me Lee said he could meet North Korea 's Kim Jong - il later this year if conditions were right , but that he did not want to " place any definitive time " on a summit .
" I 've always thought to myself that if I were to meet personally with Chairman Kim that our dialogue and discussions must be constructive , " he said .
Mr Lee said such talks must " yield actual results " and that there should be no preconditions to meeting .
" We must be able to talk openly and candidly about the North Korean nuclear issue . "
The western sea border is a constant source of military tension between the two Koreas .
There have been three deadly exchanges between them in the past decade .
In the most recent incident , last November , their navies fought a brief gun battle that left one North Korean sailor dead and three others wounded .
South Korea recognises the Northern Limit line , drawn unilaterally by the US - led United Nations Command to demarcate the sea border at the end of the 1950 - 53 Korean War .
The line has never been accepted by North Korea .
Relations between the two Koreas have fluctuated in recent months .
Talks about their jointly run Kaesong industrial estate closed without agreement on 21 January .
The attempt at dialogue took place amid fresh tensions apparently provoked by a South Korean think tank 's analysis of a likely military coup or mass uprising in the North when Kim Jong - il dies .
However , North Korea did recently accept a small amount of aid from South Korea .
The US , China , Russia , Japan and South Korea speak regularly of their hopes that North Korea will rejoin international talks about ending its nuclear programme .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are three main schools of thought when it comes to playing the stockmarket .
One says study the form of companies and use your judgment to predict their coming performance ; the second says just guess and hope for the best ; the third says use time travel and psychic powers to look into the future .
Time travel and psychic powers ?
Well yes , according to Sean David Morton , or " America 's Prophet " as he calls himself .
His claim to be able to predict with absolute accuracy the movements of the markets based upon his training at the feet of Nepalese monks may sound far - fetched , but it was convincing enough to persuade more than 100 investors to part company with $ 6 million between 2006 and 2007 .
They are not likely to see much of that money back in returns , as the Securities and Exchange Commission that regulates the US stockmarket has just slapped Morton with civil fraud charges , alleging his entire operation was fraudulent .
" Morton 's self - proclaimed psychic powers were nothing more than a scam to attract investors and steal their money , " the SEC said .
According to the SEC indictment , Morton publicised his psychic investing powers in circles most likely to take his brand of hokum seriously .
That included late night radio chat shows dedicated to matters paranormal , and a monthly newsletter circulated to 20,000 people .
He claimed he could get returns of up to 117 % over five months through his Delphi Associates Investment Group .
" I have called ALL the highs and lows of the market , giving EXACT DATES for rises and crashes over the last 14 years , " he wrote in the newsletter in July 2006 .
The problem was that he actually invested only about a half of the money he received , the SEC alleges .
About $ 240,000 went straight into religious group Prophecy Research Institute , which he runs from his home in Hermosa Beach , California .
Turn and face us ( Image : Corbis )
The heart of Venus may belong to Earth .
Our planet could be tugging on the core of Venus , exerting control over its spin .
Whenever Venus and Earth arrive at the closest point in their orbits , Venus always presents the same face to us .
This could mean that Earth ’s gravity is tugging subtly on Venus , affecting its rotation rate .
That idea , raised decades ago , was disregarded when it turned out that Venus is spinning too fast to be in such a gravitational “ resonance ” .
But Earth could still be pulling on Venus by controlling its core , according to calculations by Gérard Caudal of the University of Versailles - Saint Quentin , France .
Advertisement
Caudal made large assumptions about Venus ’s interior , which we know little about .
For his hypothesis to be correct , the planet would , like Earth , need a solid core surrounded by a liquid layer .
This could allow the solid core to rotate slower than the rest of the planet .
The core would also have to be asymmetric or heterogeneous , so that Earth can exert a variable tug as Venus spins .
“ For the resonance to be possible , there should be something that the gravity of the Earth could grasp , ” Caudal says .
This latter requirement could be problematic for the hypothesis , says Jean - Luc Margot of the University of California , Los Angeles .
“ In order to maintain a resonance , the inner core must be out of round by a significant amount , ” he notes .
Yet persistent imperfections in planetary cores tend to smooth out because the core is hot and under great pressure , according to David Stevenson of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
Still , the resonance theory is worth revisiting , he adds .
Watching for changes in Venus ’s spin over time using radar observations may reveal more about what ’s going on inside the planet , says Margot .
Journal reference : Journal of Geophysical Research , in press .
In light of the last post and this post from a day or two ago , I suppose it ’s worth mentioning ( or showing ) that a simplified Gnome desktop is possible in Ubuntu too .
But in showing it , I will probably be underscoring a few other issues that I have grazed in the past .
If you start from a command - line system in Lucid and add xorg , there are a few separate packages you can install that will give you a leaner , meaner Gnome .
The first , and probably the least svelte , is gnome - desktop - environment , which will drag down a considerable amount of stuff and looks — omigosh — a lot like Debian .
You get most of the standard - issue Gnome suite in this package , with stuff like GDM , Ekiga , Brasero , Cheese webcam and so forth .
If you want Gnome but do n’t want the Ubuntu , this might be what you ’re after .
Then again , if this is what you ’re after , you might want to take a look at Debian . 🙄
Stepping down , there ’s a metapackage called gnome , but to be honest I do n’t know if I should include it here or not .
aptitude wants more than 340 Mb of software with this one , and some of the dependencies were broken for the Lucid beta .
Either way , if you install it , you ’ll get a sort of in - between version of Ubuntu ’s Gnome .
I do n’t know if I recommend it though , or at least not until the final release of 10.04 .
The smallest one I could find that still has some reasonable function is the gnome - core package .
This will take up only 84 Mb or so of your bandwidth on top of what xorg requires , and you ’ll get Gnome , some of its niceties ( like automounting ) , a terminal emulator , a text editor , a system monitor and a few of the preference menus .
Beyond that it ’s quite slender , and you ’re in a good position to build upward .
If you have a preference for certain parts of what Ubuntu delivers , but an extreme distate for anything else , I would recommend starting with gnome - core .
One thing that jumps out at me after this little experiment is what I mentioned obliquely about a week ago — Ubuntu Gnome ’s hideous memory demands .
It ’s now painfully obvious why a 2.2 Ghz Celeron with only 256Mb suffered so badly :
Both of those want well over 300 Mb from a cold start , leaving me with the question … why so cement - uous ?
In any case , the lesson learned here is to pick and choose the applications and software you want for your Ubuntu Gnome system carefully , knowing full well that some things in there are going to blimp out like an aggravated blowfish .
Do n’t say I did n’t warn you . … 😐
Economic statistics do n’t get enough recognition for all of their hard work .
So , I ’ve decided to offer an “ Economic Statistic of the Decade ” Award .
The three criteria are simple .
First , we want to reward the economic statistic that best reflects the decade ( both the good and the bad ) .
Second , we want to recognize the economic statistic that turned in a surprising performance –that is , back in 2000 , if someone had shown you a graph of the statistic over the next ten years , you would have said “ no way ” .
Third , we want to reward economic statistics that are reliable and accurate representations of the actual economy .
In the 1990s , for example , the Economic Statistic of the Decade Award would have gone to U.S. productivity growth .
The runner - ups would have been Chinese economic growth , followed by global tech spending .
What about this decade ?
See Mandel 's top graphs of the decade here -->
Home »
Travel Blog »
Survey : U.S. Least Friendly Country to Travelers
Survey : U.S. Least Friendly Country to Travelers
Travel Blog • Michael Yessis • 11.21.06 | 7:31 AM
ET
It ’s rude immigration officials and difficulty obtaining travel documents — not to mention the country ’s current image in most of the world — that have travelers avoiding the U.S. , according to a survey of 2011 non-U.S. residents released Monday by the Discover America Partnership .
“ Since 9/11 this country has viewed foreign travellers as more of a threat than an opportunity , ” Geoff Freeman , the director of Discover America Partnership , said Monday in a conference call with reporters , according to a Reuters report .
“ They [ border officials ] do not understand that foreign travellers are also key to our national security : they go home as ambassadors for our country . ”
The Discover America Partnership , as we mentioned previously , is an organization of United States travel industry representatives that seeks to boost the levels of visitors to the country and to enlist Americans as “ citizen diplomats . ”
The organization ’s survey , which can be read in full here , is the latest effort to shine a light on what it believes to be a crisis situation .
As you may have heard , U.S. Senator Richard Shelby ( R - AL ) has placed a hold on all Obama Administration nominees , effectively holding every Obama appointment hostage to the Senate 's filibuster rule .
So what 's Shelby 's ransom ?
Basically , he wants the Pentagon contract for aerial refueling tankers to be awarded to Airbus , the European aerospace firm , instead of Boeing , the domestic aerospace giant .
Why does Shelby want to award a key military contract to a foreign company ?
Because portions of the Airbus - built tankers would be assembled in Alabama .
Marcy
Wheeler explains :
The key issue is that Shelby wants the Air Force to tweak an RFP for refueling tankers so that Airbus ( partnered with Northrup Grumman ) would win the bid again over Boeing .
The contract had been awarded in 2008 , but the GAO found that the Air Force had erred in calculating the award .
After the Air Force wrote a new RFP in preparation to rebid the contract , Airbus calculated that it would not win the new bid , and started complaining .
Now , Airbus is threatening to withdraw from the competition unless the specs in the RFP are revised .
Essentially , then , Shelby ’s threat is primarily about gaming this bidding process to make sure Airbus–and not Boeing–wins the contract ( there ’s a smaller program he ’s complaining about , too , but this is the truly huge potential bounty for his state ) .
As Wheeler argues , the bottom - line is that Richard Shelby -- a top Senate Republican -- is preparing to shut down the United States Senate to award a key military contract to a foreign company .
That is a staggering fact , and Democrats should pummel him and his GOP enablers for heading down this path .
Join the discussion in calchala 's recommended diary , UPDATE : GIBBS BLASTS SHELBY OVER HOLD .
The Census Bureau struck a blow for electoral fairness recently when it decided to speed up publication of its data on prison populations to ensure it is available for the next round of redistricting .
We hope this new data , which will be released in the spring of 2011 , will bolster the efforts of reformers who are trying to end prison - based gerrymandering  the cynical practice of drawing legislative districts with populations inflated by inmates who do not have the right to vote and whose actual residences are often far away .
Far too often , redistricting committees pad underpopulated districts by redrawing boundaries to include large prisons .
This practice typically increases the political power of rural areas where prisons are built and diminishes the influence of the urban areas to which inmates eventually return .
According to a study by the Prison Policy Initiative , a research group , in some counties the phantom prison constituents make up as much 20 percent of the population .
The decision to release the data early was taken at the behest of Representative William Lacy Clay , a Democrat of Missouri , who has long been concerned about the inequities brought by prison - based gerrymandering .
The data will be especially helpful to the 100 or so counties that  at great effort  already remove prison inmates from the count at redistricting time .
And it should give fresh impetus to legislation pending in several states  including New York  that would require them to determine the home addresses of inmates and draw legislative districts based on that information .
The Census Bureau still has to fix another problem : the failure to count prison inmates in their home districts .
The questions for the 2010 census have been written already .
The bureau should get to work on this problem with the aim of having it fixed long before the next count in 2020 .
EU companies have taken millions of acres of land out of food production in Africa , central America and Asia to grow biofuels for transport , according to development campaigners .
The consequences of European biofuel targets , said the report by ActionAid , could be up to 100 million more hungry people , increased food prices and landlessness .
The report says the 2008 decision by EU countries to obtain 10 % of all transport fuels from biofuels by 2020 is proving disastrous for poor countries .
Developing countries are expected to grow nearly two - thirds of the jatropha , sugar cane and palm oil crops that are mostly used for biofuels .
" To meet the EU 10 % target , the total land area directly required to grow industrial biofuels in developing countries could reach 17.5 m hectares , over half the size of Italy .
Additional land will also be required in developed nations , displacing food and animal feed crops onto land in new areas , often in developing countries , " says the report .
Biofuels are estimated by the IMF to have been responsible for 20 - 30 % of the global food price spike in 2008 when 125 m tonnes of cereals were diverted into biofuel production .
The amount of biofuels in Europe 's car fuels is expected to quadruple in the next decade .
The report attributes the massive growth in biofuel production to generous subsidies .
It estimates that the EU biofuel industry has already received € 4.4bn ( £ 3.82 bn ) in incentives , subsidies and tax relief and that this could triple to over € 13.7bn if the EU meets its 2020 target .
The greatest support to the industry is exemption from excise duties .
Duty at the pump is 20 pence less per litre compared to conventional fuels although this exemption due to end in 2010 , a change which supermarket Morrisons cited last week as the reason for dropping one of its biodiesel blends .
In 2009 , the duty on low - sulphur petrol and diesel in the UK was 54.19 pence per litre ; for biodiesel and ethanol it was 34.19 pence per litre .
" Biofuels are driving a global human tragedy .
Local food prices have already risen massively .
As biofuel production gains pace , this can only accelerate , " said report author Tim Rice .
He added thatbiofuels are not even an answer to climate change : " Most biofuels are worse than the fossil fuels they are supposed to replace . " .
Large scale biofuel plantations can increase carbon dioxide emissions , either directly by cutting down forests or ploughing up other carbon rich habitats , or indirectly by forcing farmers to move into these areas .
Separately , the UK Nuffield Council on Bioethics is currently consulting on the ethics of biofuels – how to ensure a new generation of biofuels do n't increase greenhouse gas emissions and take food from the poor to fuel cars .
The ActionAid report says Europe is just one region now greatly increasing the amount of biofuels in transport fuel .
Analysis of US farm data last month by the Earth Policy Institute in Washington showed that one - quarter of all the maize and other grain crops grown in the US now ends up as biofuel in cars .
The grain grown to produce the fuel in the US in 2009 was enough to feed 330 million people for one year at average world consumption levels .
If all global biofuel government targets are met , says ActionAid , food prices could rise by up to an additional 76 % by 2020 with an extra 600 million extra people going hungry - six times as much as European policies alone .
" I never told my own religion , nor scrutinized that of another .
I never attempted to make a convert , nor wished to change another 's creed .
I have ever judged of the religion of others by their lives ....
For it is in our lives , and not from our words , that our religion must be read . "
-- Thomas Jefferson
" We must be willing to get rid of the life we 've planned , so as to have the life that is waiting for us .
The old skin has to be shed before the new one can come " -- Joseph Campbell
" The most distinctive mark of a cultured mind is the ability to take another ’s point of view ; to put one ’s self in another ’s place , and see life and its problems from a point of view different from one ’s own .
To be willing to test a new idea ; to be able to live on the edge of difference in all matters intellectually ; to examine without heat the burning question of the day ; to have imaginative sympathy , openness and flexibility of mind , steadiness and poise of feeling , cool calmness of judgment , is to have culture . " - A. H. R. Fairchild
The truth will set you free , but first it will piss you off .
- Gloria Steinem
Men fear thought as they fear nothing else on earth , more than ruin , more even than death .
Thought is subversive and revolutionary , destructive and terrible , thought is merciless to privilege , established institutions , and comfortable habit .
Thought looks into the pit of hell and is not afraid .
Thought is great and swift and free , the light of the world , and the chief glory of man .
- Bertrand Russell
If this nation is to be wise as well as strong , if we are to achieve our destiny , then we need more new ideas for more wise men reading more good books …
We must know all the facts and hear all the alternatives and listen to all the criticisms .
– John F. Kennedy
There is no room for self - expression in the priesthood .
- Elder David Bednar
My true religion , my simple faith is love and compassion .
There is no need for complicated philosophy , doctrine , or dogma .
Our own heart , our own mind , is the temple .
The doctrine is compassion .
Love for others and respect for their rights and dignity , no matter who or what they are -- these are ultimately all we need .
- The Dalai Lama Once social change begins , it can not be reversed .
You cannot uneducate the person who has learned to read .
You can not humiliate the person who feels pride .
You cannot oppress the people who are not afraid anymore .
We have seen the future , and the future is ours .
- Cesar Chavez
It is not the mind of heretics that are deteriorated most , by the ban placed on all inquiry which does not end in the orthodox conclusions .
The greatest harm is done to those who are not heretics , and whose whole mental development is cramped , and their reason cowed , by the fear of heresy .
- John Stuart Mill Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life .
It turns what we have into enough , and more .
It turns denial into acceptance , chaos to order , confusion to clarity .
It can turn a meal into a feast , a house into a home , a stranger into a friend .
Gratitude makes sense of our past , brings peace for today , and creates a vision for tomorrow .
- Melody Beattie
This is the game that they 're playing .
They define marriage as a man and a woman .
They call that the institution of marriage .
So if you let a man marry a man and a woman marry a woman , it would de-institutionalize marriage .
That is the same as saying you are deinstitutionalizing the right to vote when you let women have it .
It 's a game .
It 's a tautology .
They 're saying , ' this is the definition .
You 're going to change the definition by allowing people access that do n't have it now , and that would change it so that people who currently have access wo n't want it any more because it 's changed . '
This is all nonsense .
They are not proving that .
This is a syllogism that falls apart .
The major premise , minor premise and conclusion are empty .
- Ted Olson
Fidelity , charity , generosity , humility and responsibility form the foundation of a Christian life and are the outward manifestation of the inner man .
- David Burton
if you give up what you want most for what you think you should want more , you 'll just end up miserable .
- Brandon Sanderson
Straight Americans
need ... an educationof the heart and soul .
They must understand - to begin with - how it can feel to spend years denying your own deepest truths , to sit silently through classes , meals , and church services while people you love toss off remarks that brutalize your soul .
Bruce Bawer
The Advocate , 28 April 1998
This is the game that they 're playing .
They define marriage as a man and a woman .
They call that the institution of marriage .
So if you let a man marry a man and a woman marry a woman , it would de-institutionalize marriage .
That is the same as saying you are deinstitutionalizing the right to vote when you let women have it .
It 's a game .
It 's a tautology .
They 're saying , ' this is the definition .
You 're going to change the definition by allowing people access that do n't have it now , and that would change it so that people who currently have access wo n't want it any more because it 's changed . '
This is all nonsense .
They are not proving that .
This is a syllogism that falls apart .
The major premise , minor premise and conclusion are empty .
Fidelity , charity , generosity , humility and responsibility form the foundation of a Christian life and are the outward manifestation of the inner man .
if you give up what you want most for what you think you should want more , you 'll just end up miserable .
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from a religious conviction .
- Blaise Pascal
What we insistently desire , over time , is what we eventually become and receive in eternity .
- Neal Maxwell
Your time is limited , do n’t waste it living someone else ’s life .
Do n’t be trapped by dogma , which is living the result of other people ’s thinking .
Do n’t let the noise of others ' opinions drown your own inner voice .
And most important , have the courage to follow your heart and intuition , they somehow already know what you truly want to become .
Everything else is secondary . ” – Steve Jobs
There 's nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so .
- Hamlet
I am oppressed by the uncertainty of my future , but I cherish the lively hope of seeing my dreams fulfilled , because the Lord cannot place thoughts and desires in a person 's soul if He does not really intend to fulfill them , to gratify these longings which He alone has caused .
- Saint Padre Pio
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting .
- e. e. cummings
George Gordon , Lord Byron
Joseph Wirthlin
Everett Ruess
Henry Drummond
Inherit the Wind
Robert Lee
Brigham Young
Only regret what you do n't learn from .
- Chris Taylor
Morrissey
- Hugh Nibley
Galileo Galilei
President Obama , 3 June 09
Joseph Smith
Midsummer Night 's Dream , Act III , Scene 1
Hugh B. Brown
Socrates , Pythagoras , Heraclitus , and a bunch of other really smart people
Rob
But there are wanderers o'er Eternity Whose boat drives on and on , and anchored ne 'er shall be .
The Lord did not people the earth with a vibrant orchestra of personalities only to value the piccolos of the world .
Every instrument is precious and adds to the complex beauty of the symphony .
I have always been unsatisfied with life as most people live it .
Always I want to live more intensely and richly .
Why muck and conceal one 's true longings and loves , when by speaking of them one might find someone to understand them , and by acting on them one might discover oneself ?
It ’s the loneliest feeling in the world .
It ’s like walking down an empty street , listening to your own footsteps .
But all you have to do is to knock on any door and say ‘ If you let me in , I ’ll live the way you want me to live and I ’ll think the way you want me to think ’ , and all the blinds will go up and all the doors will open , and you will never be lonely , ever again .
inby Marriage is a civil contract .
You might as well make a law to say how many children a man shall have , as to make a law to say how many wives he shall have .
It would be as sensible to make a law to say how many horses or oxen he shall possess , or how many cows his wife shall milk .
Others sing your lifeBut now is a chance to shineAnd have the pleasure ofSaying what you meanHave the pleasure of Meaning what you singOh , make no mistake my friendAll of this will endSo sing it now , sing your life " The worst sinners , according to Jesus , are not the harlots and publicans , but the religious leaders with their insistence on proper dress and grooming , their careful observance of all the rules , their precious concern for status symbols , their strict legality , their pious patriotism ... the haircut becomes the test of virtue in a world where Satan deceives and rules by appearances . "
" I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense , reason and intellect has intended us to forgo their use " -"
The moment we fail to recognize the good in those with whom we quarrel is the moment we 've lost sight of who we are as a people . "
-" I never thought it was right to call up a man and try him because he erred in doctrine ; it looks too much like Methodism and not like Latter - day Saintism .
Methodists have a creed which a man must believe or be asked out of their church .
I want the liberty of believing as I please , it feels so good not to be trammeled . "
-" I see their knavery , . . . to make an ass of me ; to fright me , if they could .
But I will not stir from this place , do what they can : I will walk up and down here , and I will sing , that they shall hear I am not afraid . "
-" Be unafraid of new ideas for they are as steppingstones to progress .
You will , of course , respect the opinions of others but be unafraid to dissent -- if you are informed ....
Only error needs to fear freedom of expression . " -" Know Thyself . "
-" I 'm starting to think that things are n't quite as cut and dried as I was led to believe . " -
Here 's the thing about motions to recommit .
When Dems were in the minority , they used them with varying degrees of success to set up tough votes for the majority Republicans , forcing them to go on record voting against stuff they would ordinarily perhaps want to vote for , but could n't because to do so would either kill the bill they were working on or create some kind of a poison pill .
It was a strategy that made the most of the tools afforded to the minority , but it rarely worked in terms of making substantive changes to legislation that actually inured to the political benefit of Democrats .
It was n't a new invention , but it was one that minority Democrats used as part of a comprehensive effort of framing differences between themselves and Republicans , with an eye toward the elections that would one day let them retake control of the House , and in that incarnation , the plan 's architect was then House Democratic Caucus Chair Rahm Emanuel .
It was a fine plan for Democrats in the minority , but there was never any effort made to remind Members that things might have to change once Democrats were in the majority .
In fact , what Emanuel carried over through the transition was the sense of fear that he believed motions to recommit could create in the minds of the majority .
It therefore became House Democratic Caucus policy that Members in marginal districts ( or who could make the case that they were otherwise endangered ) would be allowed to vote with the Republicans on their motions to recommit , so as not to be " trapped " in bad votes that would lead to nasty campaign attack ads ( as if those could be avoided ) .
Perhaps a good campaign strategy , but a terrible strategy for governance .
Why ?
Because it gives away to the minority the power to substantively rewrite or even completely derail substantive legislation , which is something you should never give away .
It 's what having the majority means in Congress .
The only reason to have it is because majority status confers the right to control the substance of legislation .
Giving it up in order to avoid attack ads means you 're surrendering the right to do anything , in order to avoid being attacked for doing things .
Not only does that not work in an age when political opponents feel perfectly free to attack you whether you 've done something or not , but it leads to absurd situations that cause your base to call into question just why the hell they ever voted for you in the first place .
Witness the Democratic majority 's collapse on FISA in 2007 , or if you prefer , their inability to escape the anti-choice chokehold even on the one piece of legislation Democrats say they 've been working toward for 50 + years and finally have clearly in their sights : health care .
Right now , we have to hold our collective breath and hope that House Democrats can hold together as a party rather than a loose - knit collection of freelancers just to avoid having abortion sink what 's supposed to be their crowning achievement .
Yes .
Democrats .
Abortion .
You read that right .
As you know , Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - MI - 01 ) has been scheming to find a procedural back door to shoehorning his anti-abortion language into the health insurance reform bill .
And though all reports now indicate that there will be no deal for an enrollment corrections resolution , we 're still in danger of seeing the Republicans offer the Stupak language as a motion to recommit .
Can we count on Democrats whose views on abortion are in sympathy with Stupak 's to be Democrats first and abortion activists second ?
That is the question the motion will frame .
That that is even a question represents a fairly serious problem with House Democratic Caucus discipline .
That it is a carryover from Democrats ' days in the minority represents a fairly serious problem with transitioning to the responsibilities of governance .
That it is a holdover from Rahm Emanuel 's days in the House is a good illustration of why I was pleased to see him take the job of White House Chief of Staff -- meaning I was glad to see him out of the House .
But most important , that this process continues to be regarded as framing substantive votes represents a fairly serious problem in the way House Democrats view the legislative process .
What I mean is this : by rule , motions to recommit are debated for a total of 10 minutes on the floor .
Ten minutes !
What Democrat believes that even as a member of the majority -- and therefore supposedly connected to the wheels of real power -- they would ever get the opportunity to rewrite the substance of a bill , especially one as important as this , on ten minutes notice ?
Even if you 're the chairman of a powerful committee , if you want to amend an important bill on the floor , you need to slog through the tedious process of a committee markup , and possibly a Rules Committee markup , plus some not - insignificant time spent debating your amendment on the floor , if it has n't won the day at some earlier point in the process .
With a motion to recommit , however , the minority -- the out of power party !
-- gets to come to the floor with an amendment that need not be printed beforehand , need not be shown to anyone , need not be carefully combed - over and debated in committee , nor subjected to any of the rigors which a member of the majority must overcome to get this privilege , and then gets a vote after just 10 minutes of trading prepared speeches on the floor , which almost no one who watches C - SPAN still thinks passes for debate .
And yet Democrats continue to shatter all records for allowing this to happen , and joining in the effort to pull the rug out from underneath their own agenda .
All for what ?
To avoid attack ads ?
How 's that working ?
Keep in mind , by the way , that over on the Senate side -- where Democrats are even more notorious as freelancers -- Democrats ( and independent Bernie Sanders of Vermont ) are so far complying with the unbelievably ironic request from the leadership that they refrain from offering amendments seeking to reinsert the public option into the bill .
Whether or not offering such an amendment is only so much calculated window - dressing , the point is that leadership claims that such an amendment , given the procedural posture of the legislation , endangers the ultimate passage of the program , and Democrats with every incentive not to comply regardless of these pleas are in fact falling into line for what they believe is the greater good .
Meanwhile , on the House side , what do we see ?
Democrats who have grown all - too - comfortable with freelancing on motions to recommit possibly finding themselves unable to exhibit anything near the same control over themselves .
You do n't think Bernie Sanders is dying to offer that amendment every bit as much as Stupak 's allies are dying to vote for a motion to recommit that would add Stupak 's language ?
And yet here 's a guy who is n't even a Democrat putting the centerpiece of the Democratic agenda first .
But we get no such loyalty from certain House Democrats .
That 's an outrage .
What 's worse , by going this route , Stupak 's allies threaten to send a reconciliation bill to the Senate that contains an anti-abortion provision that by itself stands virtually no chance of surviving a Byrd Rule challenge , and will have numerous enemies in the Senate who'll want to see the rule enforce and the provision excised .
But doing so would amend the reconciliation bill , which means that upon passage in the Senate , it'd have to head back to the House , where we'd be back at square one , and undoubtedly facing ... yet another motion to recommit to add the same damn thing back in .
Meaning we 're stuck in an endless loop that ends only with the defeat of the motion to recommit or the engineering of 60 votes in the Senate to waive the Byrd Rule and actually accept the Stupak language -- a move that would still require at least one Republican vote .
Could the Senate find that Republican vote if necessary ?
Maybe .
After all , allowing the Stupak language into the bill would , according to pro-choice forces , impose a very significant restriction on access to abortion services .
So would n't Republicans want that ?
Sure .
But if they agree to it , they pave the way for passage of the health insurance reform bill they hate more than anything .
So would they make that trade ?
Probably not .
In other words , Senate Republicans would be put in the position of casting the " tough vote " against an anti-abortion provision if they want to preserve their ability to block the overall health care bill .
That 's essentially the mirror image of the position Stupak 's allies will be in on the House motion to recommit , and yet everyone 's expectation is that Senate Republicans will hold their line for political purposes , whereas it 's a nail biter as to whether House Democrats will be able to do the same .
How sad is that ?
House Democrats need to get their heads in the game , realize that as the majority you simply can't treat motions to recommit the same way you did when you were in the minority , and that " tough votes " are what being in Congress is all about .
If you 're really thinking that you 're fighting to keep your seat in Congress , then think for a moment about what it means to fight to keep a seat from which you can't even use the power that supposedly comes with it , for fear of ... eventually losing it .
If you find yourself voting from this position , you 've already lost your seat .
ATHEISTS HAVE begun a campaign against the Government ’s new blasphemy law , which came into force on January 1st as part of the Defamation Act .
The group Atheist Ireland has published 25 quotes it says are blasphemous , attributed to people from Jesus Christ to Minister for Justice Dermot Ahern .
Under the new law , which the group is campaigning to have repealed , blasphemy is punishable by a fine of up to € 25,000 .
It defines blasphemy as publishing or uttering matter grossly abusive or insulting in relation to matters held sacred by any religion , thereby intentionally causing outrage among a substantial number of adherents of that religion , and intending by such publication to cause such outrage .
The Defamation Act states , however , that it shall be a defence to proceedings for the defendant to “ prove that a reasonable person would find genuine literary , artistic , political , scientific , or academic value in the matter to which the offence relates ” .
Proposing the law last year , Mr Ahern said he was “ bemused ” by criticism .
He said he could not “ wilfully ignore the Constitution ” and he had been advised by the Attorney General .
Under the Constitution , the “ publication or utterance of blasphemous , seditious or indecent matter is an offence which shall be punishable in accordance with law ” .
Mr Ahern said last year he did not believe there was a public appetite to amend the Constitution to remove the blasphemy provision .
The legislation says the term “ religion ” does not include an organisation or cult that has as its principal object making a profit , or that employs “ oppressive psychological manipulation ” of its followers or for the purpose of gaining new followers .
Chair of Atheist Ireland Michael Nugent said in a posting on the blasphemy .ie website the new law was “ both silly and dangerous ” .
“ It is silly because medieval religious laws have no place in a modern secular republic , where the criminal law should protect people and not ideas .
And it is dangerous because it incentives religious outrage , and because Islamic states led by Pakistan are already using the wording of this Irish law to promote new blasphemy laws at UN level . ”
He said blasphemy laws “ silence people in order to protect ideas ” .
“ In a civilised society , people have a right to express and to hear ideas about religion even if other people find those ideas to be outrageous . ”
The 25 allegedly blasphemous quotes include utterances attributed to Jesus Christ , Muhammad , Mark Twain , Ian Paisley , Salman Rushdie , Pope Benedict XVI and and an exchange between Minister for Justice Dermot Ahern and Labour ’s Pat Rabbitte in the Dáil during the passage of the Bill .
Woman Wins $ 42 Million Jackpot ?
Not So Fast Woman at a Colorado slot machine hit the jackpot , but casino claims malfunction .
March 30 , 2010  --
When the lights and bells went off at a slot machine at the Fortune Valley Casino , in Central City , Colo. , Louise Chavez thought she had the win of a lifetime -- $ 42 million .
But after the casino claimed the machine malfunctioned , all Chavez got was a few dollars , some free meals and a room for the night .
Colorado gaming officials are investigating the incident , but said it could be nothing more than an unfortunate computer glitch .
Chavez may not see a dime .
" I put my money in there , " Chavez told " Good Morning America . "
" Whatever I won , I should get ...
There are dreams and there are things I 'd like to do -- helping my family , helping my kids .
That 's why I 'm disappointed .
I just do n't know . "
The Denver woman can remember all too clearly when she thought her life had changed .
" All of a sudden I saw the light come on on top of the machine , " Chavez told " Good Morning America . "
" I 'm like , ' Oh , my God ! Oh , my God ! '
I 'd never had this feeling before in my life , never . "
The payout she was expecting ?
$ 42,949,673 .
She said she usually makes about $ 12,000 per year as an in - home personal care provider .
But champagne and caviar dreams quickly evaporated .
Casino employees told Chavez the slot machine had malfunctioned .
" We 've been open for 15 years at Fortune Valley and this is the first time we 've had something of this magnitude , " Fortune Valley communications director Joe Behm said .
Phone calls requesting comment from the slot machine manufacturer , WMS Industries of Waukegan Ill. , were not returned to ABC News .
Chavez said the casino offered only to comp her room and meals and give her back about $ 20 she 'd put into the machine .
" My emotions changed from excited , thrilled to very upset , " she said .
" It 's unfortunate when it happens , " said Colorado Division of Gaming spokesman Don Burmania .
" We do n't like it to happen , the casinos do n't like it to happen and in this case , the patron did n't like it , either . "
Click here to return to the " Good Morning America " Web site .
KALAMAZOO
— Theological disagreements over homosexuality are causing a divide within a downtown ministry that serves the poor , homeless and lonely .
Martha ’s
Table , through which eight churches have provided Sunday afternoon worship and meals for the needy at First Congregational Church , is losing three of the churches because of the issue of homosexuality , even though the ecumenical ministry takes no position on it , said the Rev. Matt Laney , pastor of First Congregational .
Agape Christian Church and Word for Life Church of God plan to withdraw from Martha ’s Table at the end of the year , and Centerpoint Church ( formerly Third Reformed Church ) has already done so , Laney said .
“ The founding principle of Martha ’s Table was that churches would come together and put aside their differences in light of what unites us , which is our common commitment to serve Christ and others , ” Laney said .
“ But now this difference has risen above our common commitment to serving Christ . ”
Laney said representatives of all three churches have been “ very clear ” that they do n’t want to be “ guilty by association ” with First Congregational and its inclusiveness of gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender people , said Laney , who publicly supported an ordinance passed by Kalamazoo voters in November that protects GLBT people from discrimination in housing , jobs and accommodations .
“ To me , it ’s incredibly disappointing , ” Laney said .
“ That ’s the best word I can give it .
It ’s also mystifying .
I was very shocked and surprised when they pulled out . ”
The man who came up with the vision for Martha ’s Table — Jeff McNally , pastor of Word for Life and owner of McNally ’s Kitchen , which provided most of the meals — declined to comment on the reasons for his withdrawal from the ministry that began in 2007 .
“ I would just as soon let it go , ” he said .
“ We are just pulling out .
That ’s all .
...
We would just as soon take a position of silence . ”
But Ron Vestrand , senior pastor of Agape Christian Church , said it was conversations with McNally that led to his church withdrawing from Martha ’s Table .
“ As time went on , Pastor McNally was becoming concerned with Pastor Matt Laney ’s stand on homosexuality .
I believe it was causing some disunity .
...
I think the primary issue was that we felt that Matt ’s stance on homosexuality as a valid Christian lifestyle violated our biblical worldview . ”
Vestrand added that “ ecumenical ministries are a great challenge because sometimes there can be issues that can rise up .
We probably were a bit remiss in not talking more extensively about some of the possibilities . ”
Kim Sandelin , a lay pastor from Agape , said churches can tolerate some theological disagreements and work together , but “ an immoral lifestyle has eternal ramifications in Scripture . ”
Yet , he said he wanted to emphasize that “ none of the pastors in this ministry have any ill will or bad feelings toward one another . ”
He said he talked to Laney about his church ’s decision .
“ When Matt and I were done , we shook hands and considered one another brothers in ministry , ” he said .
The Kalamazoo Gazette was unable to reach a representative of Centerpoint for comment .
A pastor from another church in the Reformed , or Calvinist , tradition , the Rev. Ken Baker of Third Christian Reformed , said his church will continue its commitment to Martha ’s Table .
“ I feel very sad about the decision of three partner churches to pull out , ” Baker said .
“ Everything about the ministry of Martha ’s Table reflects the heart of Jesus , who came to preach good news to the poor .
Surely , all our churches would agree that mercy and compassion were at the heart of the ministry of Jesus . ”
He noted that his denomination takes a “ theologically conservative ” position on homosexuality , interpreting the Bible to say the practice is wrong but that it is not a sin to have a homosexual disposition .
“ But I fail to see how our integrity is violated by participating in Martha ’s Table , ” he said .
Laney said his church and the other remaining churches — St. Luke ’s Episcopal , First Presbyterian and First Methodist — are also committed to continuing the ministry , and he is trying to recruit other churches .
The church that leads the Martha ’s Table worship service on a given week will now bring the meals , Laney said .
Attendance can vary widely , from about 50 to 120 , although Martha ’s Table usually draws 80 to 90 people , he said .
About 20 to 30 of the attendees are volunteers .
McNally and Vestrand also say they remain committed to serving the poor and homeless .
“ Our heart toward the homeless has not deviated at all , ” Vestrand said .
Baker said he intends to write a letter to the three churches leaving Martha ’s Table .
“ My hope and prayer is that these other churches will reconsider and change their minds , ” he said .
“ What better time of year to do that than this season of the year when Christ followers ponder the mystery of God coming in the flesh to ‘ lift up the humble and fill the hungry with good things ’ ? ”
Most of the children came from Callebasse , a mountain village , where some of their parents told CNN they had given them over to the Americans because they were too poor to look after them .
One father said he was comforting his two children as he was loading them on to the Americans ' bus .
Senate takes up jobs bill
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Senate voted Monday to push forward a $ 15 billion jobs creation bill that would give businesses a tax break for hiring the unemployed .
Five Republicans -- including newly elected Sen. Scott Brown , R - Mass . -- reached across the aisle to approve the procedural measure , which passed by a 62 - 30 vote .
One Democrat did not support it .
A final vote on the bill should take place in a few days .
The 4 - prong bill would :
* Exempt employers from Social Security payroll taxes on new hires who were unemployed ;
* Fund highway and transit programs through 2010 ;
* Extend a tax break for business that spend money on capital investments like equipment purchases ;
* Expand the use of the Build America Bonds program , which helps states and municipalities fund capital construction projects .
The legislation is a scaled - down version of an $ 85 billion bipartisan draft bill that was crafted by Sens. Max Baucus , D - Mont. , and Charles Grassley , R - Iowa .
However , the bill does not extend the deadline to apply for unemployment benefits and the COBRA health insurance subsidy .
Some 1.2 million people will run out of benefits after Feb. 28 if the deadline is not extended .
Lawmakers are looking to pass a separate , 15 - day extension to give them time to enact a longer fix .
Also , unlike the House 's $ 154 billion bill , the Senate measure does not provide additional assistance for states .
Many governors , who are holding their annual meeting in Washington , want the Obama administration to send more federal dollars their way so they can cope with yawning budget gaps .
The administration Monday said it strongly supports the $ 15 billion jobs measure , but indicated it is one step in the job creation effort .
The president wants lawmakers to take up a bill that would increase small businesses ' access to credit .
Reid said the Senate will vote on extending tax provisions and small business job measures in the near future .
Labor leaders and left - leaning think tanks say the Senate must do more to spur job creation .
" We need to create 11 million jobs to get back to the level of unemployment we had before the recession began , " said Lawrence Mishel , president of the Economic Policy Institute .
" Yet the Senate jobs bill would create no more than a couple hundred thousand jobs . "
In addition to Brown , the Republican senators backing the measure were Kit Bond of Missouri , Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine , and George Voinovich of Ohio . Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska voted against it .
Correction : Due to an editing error , an earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that Sen. Bill Nelson , D - Fla. , voted against the bill .
MLB instituted a wild card game in each league beginning in 2012 .
Since then , 32 pitchers have taken the mound for their teams in said game .
How many of those 32 can you name in five minutes ?
HTC CEO Peter Chou today confirmed that the HTC Droid Eris for Verizon , the HTC Hero for Sprint , and the HTC Hero for European markets will all be getting upgrades to Android 2.1 .
In addition , those phones with HTC Sense will be getting the improvements – such as Helicopter view – pushed to their phones .
While I ’m sure HTC would be happy to make Android 2.1 and the newest HTC Sense available to customers in full , they made it clear that would ultimately be the carriers decision on what to include or disclude from the OTA updates .
For example , a carrier may decide that features like Live Wallpapers use too much battery life or that they do n’t want to include GPS Navigation in favor of their own navigation partner .
These are just examples – let ’s just hope our carriers grace us with as much as possible without slowing down our devices .
Graphic by Julia Casimira .
By Graham Milner
Rosa Luxemburg ( 1870 - 1919 ) is one of the greatest figures ever produced by the international socialist movement .
Her contribution , as theorist and activist , deserves to be recognised and celebrated by the newer generations of socialist activists who have become involved in the movement in recent decades .
Those of us who have been involved in the socialist left for rather longer may also benefit from a critical review of the achievements of this great woman .
Interest in Rosa Luxemburg among historians , political scientists and activists alike has increased considerably since the radicalisation of the 1960s and early 1970s brought with it a re-evaluation of the long - buried revolutionary tradition in the world socialist movement .
[ 1]
The questioning of the reformist and Stalinist orthodoxies dominant on the left in the 1950s and 1960s , which accompanied this radicalisation process , made essential a reassessment of those socialist theorists and activists who fitted into neither of these categories .
Luxemburg , although her heritage in part was fought over by both social democrats and Stalinists , remains essentially a " heretic " -- if we employ Isaac Deutscher 's usage of the term [ 2 ] -- an outsider from the mainstream of 20th century European socialism .
The fact that a socialist of her calibre was isolated in this way is a telling commentary on the failures and inadequacies of that movement .
The present advanced political and social crises throughout the world demands that Rosa Luxemburg 's immense contributions to the theory and practice of revolutionary Marxism are brought to the fore and programmatically incorporated into the vanguard strata of the international working - class movement .
Luxemburg 's life activity and her political thought constitute an indissoluble unity . [ 3 ]
Her political career , like those of Lenin , Trotsky and other outstanding revolutionary socialists , was a living application of the third of Marx 's " Theses on Feuerbach " . [ 4 ]
Consequently , any analysis of the development of her political views must be projected upon the terrain of her political practice within the Polish , German and Russian labour movements .
` Outsider '
Rosa Luxemburg 's position as an " outsider " , even within the European socialist movement , is perhaps partly attributable to her birth into a family of the cosmopolitan Polish - Jewish intelligentsia . [ 5 ]
Many of the greatest figures in European cultural and political history have been Jews , partly due to the tensile relationship between Jewish communities and the often hostile surrounding social environment . [ 6 ]
The Poland of Rosa 's youth was divided between the Hohenzollern , Habsburg and Romanov empires . [ 7 ]
The position of Poland , situated as it was in east - central Europe , lent to its emergent socialist movement the combined texture of Russian populism and Western European Marxist social democracy .
Luxemburg joined the " Proletariat " party shortly after leaving school in 1887 -- two years before the Second International was founded in Paris .
[ 8 ]
" Proletariat " was at a low ebb when Luxemburg joined , having suffered severely at the hands of the tsarist reaction following the assassination of Tsar Alexander II in 1881 . [ 9 ]
From the start Rosa Luxemburg fought under the banner of revolutionary Marxism .
Her earliest works were polemics directed against Blanquist and " economist " tendencies within the Polish socialist movement , and they cogently presented the case for a mass political struggle for democratic rights by the growing proletariat .
She regarded the bourgeois revolution as an objectively indispensable phase in the development of the territories within the Russian empire . [ 10 ]
Self - determination for Poland
It was for her contributions on the question of Polish self - determination that Rosa Luxemburg 's role in the Polish labour movement is mainly remembered .
This issue was to divide Polish social democracy into two sharply delineated tendencies -- the Polish Socialist Party ( PPS ) [ 11 ] and the Social Democratic Party of the Kingdom of Poland ( SDKpil ) . [ 12 ]
The issue was fought out through the battle for recognition between these two parties at congresses of the Second International . [ 13 ]
It also overflowed into debates conducted within the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party , founded in 1898 . [ 14 ]
Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels had argued consistently in favour of Polish self - determination from the 1840s onwards . [ 15 ]
Apart from the democratic principle involved , such a struggle was seen as a counterweight to Russian absolutism , which the founders of Marxism considered to be the bulwark of European reaction .
After 1871 , with the development of an increasingly powerful revolutionary current in Russia , their positions partially altered in content , although not in form .
The Polish liberation struggle was now seen as a decisive component in any future Russian revolution . [ 16 ]
Nowhere , however , in the works of Marx and Engels , was the national question dealt with at length in the form of a treatise , and of course the question of the national struggle in the epoch of imperialism was not raised at all during their lifetimes .
In 1896 Luxemburg represented the SDKpil at a congress of the Second International .
In a subsequent article , Luxemburg outlined the position she had presented there . [ 17 ]
The liberation of Poland was considered utopian due to the country 's increasing economic integration into the tsarist empire .
Luxemburg held that the unifying political struggle of the proletariat should not be supplanted by " a series of fruitless national struggles " .
[ 18 ]
In 1908 Luxemburg published a series of articles under the title The National Question and Autonomy , in which she argued that the right to national self - determination was an abstract , metaphysical right , and that any support for the right to secession implied support for bourgeois nationalism . [ 19 ]
Later , during World War I , she was to argue that national struggles were entirely superseded in the imperialist epoch .
There are arguably several errors in Rosa Luxemburg 's formulations on the national question .
First , by insisting that the eminently political issue of Polish self - determination could be reduced to a function of economic development or " historic necessity " , she was guilty of crass economic reductionism .
The coming into being of the monopoly stage of imperialist capitalism by the late 19th century sure enough formed the economic basis for the superseding of national antagonisms .
This could never be an automatic process , however ; it would have to be mediated through political action .
Herein , incidentally , lies the beauty of Lenin 's final formulations on the national question ; his recognition of the dialectical character of the slogan for national " self - determination as the right to secede " -- a political articulation of the correct formula for the superseding of national antagonisms .
Closely associated with this failing in Luxemburg 's analysis was her conception of the nation as essentially a cultural phenomenon : the political dimension -- i.e. the struggle to establish a nation - state , was thus neglected .
Luxemburg did not recognise the revolutionary potential of national liberation struggles , only seeing in them anachronistic , petty - bourgeois features .
The history of Third World revolutions in the 20th century is the most telling commentary on this error .
By characterising national movements as petty bourgeois or bourgeois in class composition she failed to consider that such movements are those of oppressed masses , including proletarian masses , and that the basis for international solidarity between the proletariats of different nations was the recognition by the proletariat of dominant nation - states of the right to self - determination of oppressed nations ( and of the acceptance of the qualitative difference between aspects of the nationalism of the oppressed and the oppressor nations ) . [ 20 ]
Struggle against Bernstein
Rosa Luxemburg 's entry onto the stage of German politics in 1898 [ 21 ] coincided with one of the most momentous conflicts within the pre-war socialist movement .
This was the revisionist controversy . [ 22 ]
Occasioned by the appearance in 1898 of a book -- Evolutionary Socialism -- written by Eduard Bernstein , the literary executor of Engels and a prominent figure in the Social - Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) leadership , the debate was in fact deeply rooted in the broadest dynamics of pre-war social democracy . [ 23 ]
Although it was formally committed to a revolutionary Marxist program from 1891 , [ 24 ] the practical affairs of the SPD had in reality become increasingly restricted by the boundaries of reformist parliamentarism . [ 25 ]
This praxis was intimately related to the essentially stable economic development of the later decades of the 19th and early 20th centuries .
Although this economic " boom " involved the accumulation of imperialist contradictions , it nevertheless allowed the regime of the Second Reich in Germany to make significant social and political concessions to the labour movement . [ 26 ]
The " minimum " program of social ameriolation through partial economic demands ( higher wages and improved working conditions ) and for increased representation in the Reichstag -- Germany 's federal parliament -- and provincial legislatures , [ 27 ] clashed with the " maximum " program for socialist revolution outlined by Karl Kautsky in the SPD 's Erfurt program of 1891 .
The whole spectrum of Second International Marxist theory and practice was refracted throught this basic problem . [ 28 ]
Rosa Luxemburg took up the cudgels against Bernstein 's arguments , and her pamphlet Social Reform or Revolution ( 1898 ) stands out as the most articulate defence of revolutionary Marxism in this debate .
Bernstein had attempted to refute the basic tenets of scientific socialism , particularly the assertion that capitalism contains within itself the seeds of its own destruction ; that it cannot maintain itself indefinitely .
Bernstein denied the materialist conception of history , the growing acuteness of capitalist contradictions and the theory of the class struggle .
He concluded that revolution was not necessary , that socialism could be achieved by gradual reform of the capitalist system , through the mechanisms of consumers ' cooperatives , trade unions and the gradual extension of political democracy .
Perhaps Bernstein 's most famous assertion , which sums up his view of socialism , was that " the movement is everything , the goal nothing " . [ 29 ]
Luxemburg began Social Reform or Revolution by pointing out that the Bernstein controversy posed the question of " the very existence of the social democratic movement " . [ 30 ]
She argued that Marxism differentiates itself from all forms of utopian socialism insofar as it identifies socialism and the socialist movement with the real process of historical development , i.e. with the tendency of capitalism to progressively socialise the means of production and more and more reduce class antagonisms to a conflict between a tiny minority of monopolistic or oligopolistic capitalists and a vast majority of exploited wage workers ( workers whether by hand or brain ) . [ 31 ]
Bernstein had argued in Evolutionary Socialism that the development of large credit institutions , the trustification of industry and the emergence of a new middle - class salariat had lessened , rather than aggravated , the contradictions of capitalism .
Luxemburg brings in the key concepts of " ascending " and " descending " phases of capitalist development to refute Bernstein .
Cartelisation of industry , the growing influence of finance capital , attempts to coopt the upper strata of organised workers , the militarisation of the state and its attendant bureaucracy : these are all interlinked phenomena of a general malaise ( which Luxemburg later more directly characterised as imperialism ) .
They point to the impending demise of capitalism .
The nation - state and private accumulation of the social surplus product -- the twin pillars of capitalism -- are now holding up the rational deployment of the internationalised and socialised productive forces .
In Luxemburg 's view , Bernstein 's position was tantamount to an abandonment of the class viewpoint , and his scorn for dialectics corresponded with his failure to deal with capitalism as a total , living organism . [ 32 ]
Luxemburg 's rejection of vulgar trade unionism ( which Bernstein had characterised as an " offensive strategy " ) as a " labour of Sysiphus " antagonised the conservative German trade union leaders . [ 33 ]
On the question of parliamentarism and the prospects of bourgeois democracy , Luxemburg presciently remarks in Reform or Revolution that " if it is true that world politics and militarism represent a rising tendency in the present phase of capitalism , then bourgeois democracy must logically move in a descending line " . [ 34 ]
The fate of the German left during the war , to say nothing of the fate of democratic rights in general in the 20th century , springs to mind here .
Democratic rights however , for the proletariat , are not ends in themselves , but means to the end of the socialist revolution . [ 35 ]
Although Bernstein 's views were rejected by the SPD , [ 36 ] it was not long before his theoretical arguments were put into practice .
Alexander Millerand , a French socialist parliamentary leader , entered a bourgeois cabinet shortly after the Dreyfus affair ( 1899 ) , in order to " save " the Republic .
Thus a cardinal socialist principle was thrown to the winds , and it was not long before Millerand was sanctioning strike breaking .
Luxemburg wrote in Neue Zeit ( the SPD's theoretical journal ) in 1900 : " The circumstances which divide socialist politics from bourgeois politics is that the socialists are opponents of the entire existing order and must function in a bourgeois parliament fundamentally as an opposition . " [ 37 ]
Differences on party organisation
The juxtaposition of German and Russian socialism in Rosa Luxemburg 's own political career poses a sharp contrast in organisational and political technique .
The Russian movement , starting from virtually nothing in the 1890s had , by the early years of the 20th century , engaged in extended political struggles and debates that had taken the movement far beyond the position it had reached in 1898 , the year of its founding congress .
The Russians had produced a veritable galaxy of leaders of high calibre : Plekanov , Lenin , Martov and Trotsky stood out as the most brilliant .
These men had been tested and steeled in debates with a wide range of opposition tendencies , such as " economism " and " legal Marxism " , as well as the still extant populist Narodism .
Fighting around the newspaper Iskra , the revolutionary Marxists soon established a solid base in the growing industrial proletariat of Tsarist Russia . [ 38 ]
The 1903 congress of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party marked a point of crisis for the whole movement .
A split emerged over organisational issues that developed into a schism dividing Russian socialism from then on .
Lenin 's views on party structure and organisation ( democratic centralism ) -- views deeply embedded in his overall conception of Marxism [ 39 ] -- were rejected both in principle and practice by a minority of delegates ( Mensheviks ) .
The issues raised were to prove of decisive importance in the revolutionary events to come .
Shortly after the 1903 congress Rosa Luxemburg published a polemical attack on Lenin 's views entitled Organisational Problems of Russian Social Democracy . [ 40 ]
It was in this pamphlet that Luxemburg 's " spontaneism " is most clearly evident . [ 41 ]
Nowhere in this document does Luxemburg indicate that she understood organisational issues to be at root political questions .
Lenin had clearly grasped -- and this is expressed in What is To Be Done ? ( 1902 ) and One Step Forward Two Steps Back '( 1904 ) [ 42 ] -- that programmatic and tactical questions are always refracted through organisational concepts .
Luxemburg disagreed with Lenin that the party should be an organisation of professional revolutionists with deep roots in and ties to the working class .
Instead she conceived of the revolutionary party as an organisation of the whole working class .
The inevitable uneven character of working - class consciousness under capitalism was not grasped in this conception .
It is quite likely that Luxemburg 's organisational concepts grew out of her experiences with the increasingly bureaucratised SPD machine .
The US socialist Max Schachtman pointed out that : " The `professional revolutionists ' whom Luxemburg encountered in Germany were not , as in Russia , the radical instrument for gathering together loose and scattered local organisations , uniting them into one national party ...
Quite the contrary .
In Germany , ` the professionals ' were the careerists , the conservative trade union bureaucrats , the lords of the ossifying party machine , the reformist parliamentarians ; the whole crew who finally succeeded in disembowelling the movement . " [ 43 ]
Luxemburg 's misconceptions concerning Leninism bore a close resemblance to Trotsky's , and their orientation to the Russian movement in the pre-war period was quite similar . [ 44 ]
Unfortunately , Rosa 's errors were to have more serious consequences , as the revolutionary left of German social democracy found itself in need of an independent organisation during the period of war and revolution after August 1914 .
The Mass Strike
The 1905 revolution in the Russian Empire had an immense impact upon the Western European socialist movement . [ 45 ]
The decisive role of the mass strike in these events was not lost on the revolutionary left of German socialism . [ 46 ]
Rosa Luxemburg 's pamphlet The Mass Strike , the Political Party and the Trade Unions sought to apply the lessons of the Russian experience ( and of her own experiences as a participant in the Russian - Polish Revolution [ 47 ] ) to Germany .
This pamphlet , and the wider debate of which it formed one major contribution , widened the gulf between the attitudes of the conservative trade union bureaucracy and the professed positions of the SPD apparatus . [ 48 ]
The idea of the general strike was an old one , originating in fact with the British Chartists , but in the era of the Second International it tended to be rejected as an anarcho - syndicalist concept . [ 49 ]
Indeed , syndicalism tended to conceive of the general strike in terms of an overall strategy , and there was a belief held that a mass withdrawal of labour could force the bourgeoisie to abdicate power . [ 50 ]
The events of 1905 in Russia had demonstrated that mass strikes , no matter how powerful , were not a substitute for the taking of state power , and that at a certain point an insurrection would be necessary to resolve a revolutionary situation in the favour of the proletariat .
As a tactic however , the mass strike could be used for greater purposes than those for which the mere " demonstration " - type strike was employed by the Western labour movement in this era .
Luxemburg 's central argument in The Mass Strike was that the class struggle cannot be arbitrarily divided into mutually exclusive arenas ; the economic and political struggles in particular had to be conceived of as a unity . [ 51 ]
The other major point Luxemburg made here was that a mass strike could not be engineered at the whim of any leadership , but was an organic outgrowth of the mass movement . [ 52 ]
She did not , however , by any means support the spontaneist / syndicalist positions attributed to her by some later commentators , notably by Stalinists . [ 53 ]
The issues raised by the 1905 revolution in Russia also led to an increasing rift between Luxemburg and the revolutionary left on the one hand , and the leading " centre " faction within the SPD , on the other .
Luxemburg 's personal relationship with Karl Kautsky , in particular , cooled at this time .
She came to recognise the vacillating character of Kautsky , despite the latter 's formal adherence to revolutionary Marxism , well before the future leaders of the Third International . [ 54 ]
Lenin , for instance , held Kautsky in high regard , considering him to be a master of theoretical Marxism , until August 1914 , when World War I broke out . [ 55 ]
Struggle against imperialist war and the collapse of the Second International
The war clouds gathering over Europe in the years before 1914 brought the issues of imperialism and militarism to the centre of attention in the Second International , and in the SPD in particular .
At the Stuttgart congress of the Second International in 1907 , Luxemburg and Lenin appended a strongly worded clause to an anti-war resolution : " Should war break out in spite of all this , it is their [ i.e. the working classes and their parliamentary representatives ] duty to intercede for its speedy end , and to strive with all their power to make use of the violent economic and political crisis brought about by the war to rouse the people , and thereby to hasten the abolition of capitalist class rule . " [ 56 ]
Luxemburg had no illusions as to the possibility of avoiding war through reliance on international arbitration , peace resolutions , disarmament conferences and the like .
She recognised that militarism and war were endemic in 20th century capitalism and could only be eliminated through the forcible intervention of the revolutionary proletariat . [ 57 ]
When war finally broke out in August 1914 , Rosa found herself isolated along with only a few other German ( and European ) socialist internationalists .
The collapse of the Second International , and the passing over of the SPD into the camp of the imperialist bourgeoisie came as a rude shock to her , although not perhaps as great as the shock to Lenin and those not so closely acquainted with the advanced state of decay of the German party . [ 58 ]
The so - called Junius Pamphlet was the major statement of the internationalist opposition in wartime Germany , and was written by Luxemburg during a term of imprisonment imposed upon her by the German Hohenzollern state . [ 59 ]
The pamphlet deals primarily with the arguments employed by the opportunists and social chauvinists to justify their support for the aims of German imperialism .
Brushing aside their apologetics , she posed the central issue sharply : socialism or barbarism -- these were the choices facing humanity .
" The triumph of imperialism leads to the destruction of culture , sporadically during a modern war , and forever , if the period of world wars that has just begun is allowed to take its damnable course to the last ultimate consequence . " [ 60 ]
The cessation of the class struggle by the leaderships of the proletariat had " generously delivered the working class into the hands of the enemy for the duration of the war " . [ 61 ]
1918 German revolution and 1919 Spartakus uprising
Although the Junius Pamphlet shined as a beacon of internationalism from the dark pit of national chauvinism , there were a few points left either unanswered or dealt with incorrectly .
Lenin published a review of the pamphlet which picked some of these up . [ 62 ]
Luxemburg had held in the Junius Pamphlet that " the great historic hour itself creates the forms that will carry the revolutionary movements to a successful outcome , creates and improvises new weapons , enriches the arsenal of the people with weapons unknown and unheard of by the parties and their leaders " . [ 63 ]
In November 1918 the German Revolution began .
Across Germany workers ' councils sprang up and demonstrated decisively that this form of proletarian organisation , first in evidence in the 1905 Russian revolution , and then again in 1917 in that country , was to be a primary weapon in the working - class arsenal . [ 64 ]
Luxemburg 's assessment , which had strong overtones of spontaneism , was thus far proven correct .
The German proletariat did express its mass will through the creation of these instruments of dual power .
However , the corresponding political consciousness -- which in the Russian case had been provided , after a prolonged struggle from February to October 1917 , by the Bolshevik party -- was not there in Germany in 1918 - 19 . [ 65 ]
The German councils were dominated by class - collaborationist ( SPD ) or centrist ( U.SPD ) groupings , which rapidly resolved to effectively dissolve these revolutionary organs into the bourgeois republican constitution of Weimar . [ 66 ]
In the last year of her life , Rosa Luxemburg 's political views developed against a hectic background of revolutionary upsurge in eastern and central Europe .
Her initial assessment of the Russian October Revolution , published in the early 1920s , several years after her death , was enthusiastic though not uncritical : " All the revolutionary honour and capacity which western social democracy lacked were represented by the Bolsheviks .
Their October uprising was not only the actual salvation of the Russian Revolution ; it was also the salvation of the honour of international socialism . " [ 67 ]
The criticisms with which Luxemburg qualified this basic assessment have of course been utilised ad nauseam by those who would wish to bowdlerise her contribution , and reduce her to the dimensions of an ordinary petty - bourgeois democrat .
But , as C. Wright Mills points out : " She saw the pluses as well as the minuses of the Revolution , but she felt that the pluses far outweighed the minuses . " [ 68 ]
It is clear that on the questions of Bolshevik agrarian policy ( " land to the peasants " ) and the dispersal of the Constituent Assembly , Luxemburg was not clearly aware of the nature of , nor the circumstances surrounding , these policies .
She appeared to be unaware of the formulated alliance between proletariat and peasantry upon which the October victory rested , and unaware of the constitutional position of the soviets and their incompatibility with a bourgeois Constituent Assembly . [ 69 ]
She criticised the national policy of the Bolsheviks using similar arguments to those she had used earlier .
There is some evidence that Luxemburg revised some of these opinions later on . [ 70 ]
The catastrophe of the Spartakus uprising in January 1919 , which led to the destruction of the flower of the German revolutionary movement , was not in fact sanctioned politically by Rosa Luxemburg . [ 71 ]
Nevertheless , once the decision to mount the insurrection was made , against her will , Luxemburg of course supported it to the hilt . [ 72 ]
A few weeks before " Spartakus Week " , she had delivered a speech to the founding convention of the German Communist Party ( Spartakus League ) .
In it she had reviewed the history of the pre-war Second International , declaring that " the fourth of August did not come like thunder out of a clear - blue sky ; what happened on the fourth of August was not a chance turn of affairs , but was the logical outcome of all that the German socialists had been doing day after day for many years " . [ 73 ]
Rosa Luxemburg recognised the necessity of a period of peaceful persuasion to win a majority of the working class to the program of the transfer of power to the workers ' councils .
The triumph of ultra -left adventurism within the young German Communist Party was in some ways a cruel punishment for her belated recognition of the need for an independent mass revolutionary party .
Her death , at the hands of the Social Democratic Party , robbed the young German communist movement of a leader who could have altered the outcome of the series of catastrophic events to come .
It robbed the international working - class movement of one of its most priceless leaders .
Luxemburg 's last written words provide her epitaph : " `Order reigns in Berlin ! '
You stupid lackeys !
Your ' order ' is built on sand .
Tomorrow the revolution will rear its head once more and , to your horror , will proclaim , with trumpets blazing : ' I was , I am , I will be ! ' " [ 74 ]
[ Graham Milner is a member of the Socialist Alliance in Perth , Western Australia . ]
Notes
1 . For two accounts and interpretations of the radicalisation see Paul Rockwell , " How We Became Revolutionaries " , in Tariq Ali ( ed. ) , The New Revolutionaries ( New York , 1969 ) pp. 283-302 and The Worldwide Radicalization of Youth and the Tasks of the Fourth International ( New York , 1969 ) .
See also Dick Howard 's introduction to his edition of Selected Political Writings of Rosa Luxemburg ( New York , 1971 ) pp. 9 - 27 and Robert Looker 's introduction to his edition of Rosa Luxemburg : Selected Political Writings ( London , 1972 ) pp. 54 -55 .
2. Isaac Deutscher regarded his own relationship to the official communist movement as that of a " heretic " , to be distinguished from " renegades " of the stripe of Louis Fischer and Arthur Koestler .
See " The Ex- Communists 's Conscience " in Heretics and Renegades and Other Essays ( London , 1969 ) pp. 9 - 22 and also Jorge Semprun 's preface to Fernando Claudin , The Communist movement : From Comintern to Cominform ( Harmondsworth , 1975 ) pp. 1 - 5 .
3 . The point is perhaps made best by Georg Lukacs : " The Marxism of Rosa Luxemburg " in History and Class Consciousness ( London , 1971 ) : " It is characteristic of the unity of theory and practice in the life work of Rosa Luxemburg that the unity of victory and defeat , individual fate and total process is the main thread running through her theory and her life " , p. 44 .
4 . " The materialist doctrine concerning the changing of circumstances and upbringing forgets that circumstances are changed by men and that it is essential to educate the educator himself .
This doctrine must therefore , divide society into two parts , one of which is superior to society .
The coincidence of the changing of circumstances and of human activity or self - changing can be conceived and rationally understood only as revolutionary practice " , Karl Marx : Early Writings ( Harmondsworth , 1975 ) p. 422 .
5. Paul Frolich , Rosa Luxemburg : Her Life and Work ( London , 1940 ) , pp. 13-17 ; J.P. Nettl , Rosa Luxemburg ( Oxford , abridged ed. , 1969 ) , pp. 31-34 ; K.J. Tarbuck , " Rosa Luxemburg : A Biographical Sketch " , in International Marxist Review ( December , 1971 ) , p. 67 .
6. See George Novack , " How Can the Jews Survive ? " , in Young Socialist , Socialist Youth Alliance publication , Sydney ( July 1977 ) , p. 12 .
7. Poland had last been partitioned among the competing powers in 1795 .
Russian Poland intermittently received some representative autonomy within the tsarist empire .
See David Thomson , Europe Since Napoleon ( Harmondsworth , rev. ed. , 1966 ) , pp. 50 , 477-78 .
8. Frolich , Rosa Luxemburg : Her Life and Work , p. 35 .
9 . See Luxemburg 's assessment of the " Proletariat " party : " In Memory of the Proletariat Party " , in Howard ( ed. ) , Selected Political Writings of Rosa Luxemburg , pp.168-215 and also Nettl , Rosa Luxemburg , pp. 28-31 .
10 . Frolich , Rosa Luxemburg : Her Life and Work , p. 35 .
11 . The Polish Socialist Party was denounced by Luxemburg as a social patriotic party because of its almost exclusive concern with the Polish national struggle .
12 . The name of the party indicated acceptance of Poland 's position within the tsarist empire : the SDKpil and the left wing of the PPS later united to form the Polish Communist Party .
13 .
For a full account see Nettl , Rosa Luxemburg , ch. 3 , passim .
14 . Lenin's writings on the national question , which are couched partly in the form of polemics against Luxemburg 's views , constitute an indispensable contribution to Marxist discussion on this issue : see " The National Programme of the R.S.D.L.P. " , Collected Works ( Moscow , 1964 ) , vol. 19 , pp. 539-45 ; " Critical remarks on the National Question " , vol. 20 , pp. 17-51 ; " The Right of Nations to Self - Determination " , vol. 20 , pp. 393-454 ; " The Socialist Revolution and the Right of Nations to Self - Determination Summed Up " , vol. 20 , pp. 320-61 .
See also J.V. Stalin , " Marxism and the National Question " ( excerpt ) , in Bruce Franklin ( ed. ) , The Essential Stalin : Major Theoretical Writings 1905 - 1952 ( New York , 1972 ) , pp. 54 - 84 .
15 . See Frederick Engels , " What Have the Working Classes to do with Poland ? " , in David Fernbach ( ed. ) , Karl Marx , The First International and After : Political Writings ( Harmondsworth , 1974 ) , vol. 3 , pp. 378-88 ; Marx and Engels , " For Poland " , ibid. , pp. 388-93 .
16 . See Fernbach's " Introduction " , ibid. , pp. 64-68 .
17 . " The Polish question at the International Congress in London " , in H.B. Davis ( ed. ) , The National Question : Selected Writings by Rosa Luxemburg ( New York , 1976 ) , pp. 49 - 60 .
See the review of this selection of articles by George Breitman , Socialist Worker ( Socialist Workers Party [ Democratic Socialist Perspective ] , Sydney , May - June , 1977 ) , pp. 58 - 61 .
18 . Ibid. , p. 58 .
19 . " The National Question and Autonomy " , ibid , pp. 101-288 , 110-11 .
It is useful to compare Luxemburg 's rejection of national rights as abstract bourgeois conceptions with her ready commitment to recognise political rights in other instances .
In a 1912 speech on " Women 's Suffrage and the Class Struggle " she refers continuously to " union and assembly rights " and to the " political right to vote " , see Howard , ( ed. ) , Selected Political Writings of Rosa Luxemburg , pp. 216-22 .
It is possible that the heat generated by factional disputes within the Polish socialist movement tended to distort Luxemburg 's position on the right of nations to self - determination .
20 .
Two excellent general discussions of the national question from a Marxist perspective are Michael Lowy , " Marxists and the National Question " , in New Left Review ( March - April , 1976 ) , pp. 81-100 and Dave Holmes , " Marxism and the National Question " , in Socialist Worker ( Socialist Workers Party [ Democratic Socialist Perspective ] , Sydney , May - June , 1977 ) pp. 22-38 .
21 . Frolich , Rosa Luxemburg : Her Life and Work , ch. 3 , passim ; Nettl , Rosa Luxemburg , ch.4 , passim .
22 . For accounts of this controversy , see Peter Gay , The Dilemma of Democratic Socialism ( London , 1962 ) and Carl Schorske , German Social Democracy 1905 - 1917 ( New York , 1965 ) , pp. 16 - 24 .
23 . In Reform or Revolution , Luxemburg described Evolutionary Socialism as " the first attempt to give a theoretic base to the opportunist currents common in the social democracy " : Mary - Alice Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks ( New York , 1970 ) , p. 86 .
24 .
This document , known as the Erfurt Programme and drafted by Karl Kautsky , was adopted shortly after the party emerged from a period of illegality ( under the Anti-Socialist Laws ) .
See Kautsky , The Class Struggle ( New York , 1910 ) .
25 .
The parliamentary strength of the SPD increased steadily in the pre-war period until the party held the largest number of seats in the the Reichstag of any individual party .
26 .
The political concessions made by the ruling classes in Wilhelmine Germany did not extend any real power to the labour movement .
The Reichstag was advisory , and the executive ( i.e. the Kaiser and his camarilla ) had the effective power .
Marx , in his Critique of the Gotha Programme , described the German empire as " a State which is no more than a military despotism and a police state , bureaucratically carpentered , embellished with parliamentary forms and disguised by an admixture of feudalism although already under the influence of the bourgeoisie " : in Fernbach ( ed. ) , Karl Marx , The First International and After , p. 356 .
27 .
The southern provincial party organisation was deeply saturated in reformist practice and ideology .
The southern wing claimed exceptional rights to justify its consistent voting for budgets in provincial bourgeois legislatures , against party principles .
This wing formed a major base of support , along with the trade unions , for revisionism .
See Schorske , German Social Democracy 1905 - 17 , pp. 7 -16 .
28 . See Richard N. Hunt , German Social Democracy 1918 - 1933 ( New York , 1964 ) , pp. 10 - 11 .
Leon Trotsky , in " The Death Agony of Capitalism and the Tasks of the Fourth International ( Transitional Programme ) " , which is in Documents of the Fourth International : The Formative Years ( 1933 - 40 ) ( New York , 1973 ) , wrote : " Classical Social democracy , functioning in an epoch of progressive capitalism , divided its programme into two parts independent of each other : the minimum programme , which promised substitution of socialism for capitalism in the indefinite future .
Between the minimum and the maximum programme no bridge existed .
And indeed Social democracy has no need of such a bridge , since the word ' socialism ' is used only for holiday speechifying " , p. 183 .
Karl Korsch developed the view in the 1920s that the fundamental problem with Second International Marxism was its positivism and fatalism -- a product of the rupture between theory and practice .
In this way Engels was consigned to oblivion as a vulgar positivist , and even Marx 's writings of the post - 1848 period were rendered suspect .
See Korsch 's Marxism and Philosophy ( London , 1971 ) .
A useful critique of the " praxis " ideology is developed by George Novack in his essay , " In Defence of Engels " , in Socialist Worker , no .
1 ( Sydney , March , 1977 ) , pp. 33 - 44 .
29 .
See the excerpts from Evolutionary Socialism , in A. Fried and R. Sanders ( eds. ) , Socialist Thought : A Documentary History ( New York , 1964 ) , pp. 424-33 .
30 . Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks , p. 36 .
31 . The following famous passage in Marx 's Capital , vol .
1 , illustrates graphically the classical vision of capitalist collapse : " While there is ... a progressive diminution in the number of the capitalist magnates , there occurs a corresponding increase in the mass of poverty , oppression , enslavement , degeneration , and exploitation ; but at the same time there is a steady intensification of the wrath of the working class , a class which grows ever more numerous , and is disciplined , unified , organized by the very mechanism of the capitalist method of production .
Capitalist monopoly becomes a fetter upon the method of production which has flourished with it and under it .
The centralisation of the means of production and the socialisation of labour reach a point where they prove incompatible with their capitalist husk .
This bursts asunder .
The knell of capitalist private property sounds .
The expropriators are expropriated . "
( London , 1930 , trans .
Eden and Cedar Paul. 2 vols ) , vol. 2 , p. 846 .
32 . " Reform or Revolution " , in Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks , p. 61 .
Bernstein 's abandonment of dialectics and his retreat to Kantian ethical absolutes was a significant corollary to his overall rejection of the position of Marx , who had held that " the working class is revolutionary or it is nothing " : " Marx to Schweitzer , February 13 , 1865 " , in Fernbach ( ed. ) , Karl Marx , The First International and After , p. 148 .
33 . Reform or Revolution , p. 71 .
34 . Ibid. , p. 75 .
35 . Ibid. , pp. 81-2 .
36 .
The formal rejection of Bernsteinism did not , of course , mean that the social forces that were reflected by Bernstein 's views were defeated .
In fact opportunist practice developed apace in the German movement ( and in many other Second International sections ) especially in the trade union bureaucracy -- always the mainstay of reformism -- but also in the burgeoning party bureaucracy itself .
A rift opened in the German movement between the Kautskyan formalist - Marxists at the helm , and the revolutionary internationalist left wing led by Luxemburg .
On the situation in the Second International , see James Joll , The Second International : 1889 - 1914 ( London , 1955 ) , ch. 4 , passim ; Julius Braunthal , History of the International 1864 - 1914 ( London , 1966 ) ch. 17 , 18 , passim .
On the SPD party bureaucracy and its implications as a " model " for modern mass parties , see Robert Michels , Political Parties : A Sociological Study of the Oligarchical Tendencies of Modern Democracy ( New York , 1962 ; orig .
ed. , 1915 ) .
It is worth noting , however , that conservative , sociological views such as Michels ' were developed above all to refute Marx 's projection of the possibility of a classless , non-elite - ridden , society , see Tom Bottomore , Elites and Society ( Harmondsworth , 1966 ) pp. 17-18 .
37 . " Socialist Crisis in France " , in Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks , p. 102 .
38 . For good accounts of the origins and early development of the Russian Marxist movement , see Isaac Deutscher , The Prophet Armed : Trotsky , 1879 - 1921 ( London , 1970 ) , chapters 1 - 4 passim , and E.H. Carr , The Bolshevik Revolution 1917 - 1923 ( Harmondsworth , 1960 ) , Part 1 .
39 .
Lenin's conception of organisation saw the revolutionary party as the dialectical link between theory and practice .
See Ernest Mandel , " The Leninist Theory of Organisation ; its Relevance for Today " , in Robin Blackburn ( ed. ) , Revolution and Class Struggle : A Reader in Marxist Politics ( London , 1977 ) , pp. 78-136 and Class Consciousness and the Leninist Party ( Colombo , 1970 ) .
See also Lukacs , Lenin : A Study on the Unity of His Thought ( London , 1970 ) , ch. 3 .
The flexibility of the relationship between democracy and centralism in Lenin 's organisational conception is explored in Marcel Liebman , Leninism Under Lenin ( London , 1975 ) .
40 . Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks , pp. 112-30 .
See " One Step Forward , Two Steps Back : Reply by N. Lenin to Rosa Luxemburg " , Collected Works , vol. 7 , pp. 474-85 for Lenin 's riposte .
41 . The term " spontaneism " should be qualified .
Luxemburg was not an anarcho - syndicalist as some have maintained .
Richard Gombin , for example , sees her as the initiator of the council - communist tradition , primarily through her " anti-vanguardist " assessment of revolutionary mass action and leadership .
See The Origins of Modern Leftism ( Harmondsworth , 1975 ) , pp. 80 - 81 .
This goes too far : at no stage did Luxemburg abandon her position of support for revolutionary leadership and a Marxist party ; she sought to eliminate the choking blockage of bureaucratic formalism and routinism obtruding between the mass revolutionary energy of the proletariat and the possibility of its expression through the leading bodies of the labour movement .
42 . " What is To Be Done ? Burning Questions of Our Movement " , Collected Works , vol. 5 , pp. 347-528 ; " One Step Forward , Two Steps Back ( The Crisis in Our Party " , Collected Works , vol . 7 , pp. 203-425 .
43 . Cited in C. Wright Mills , The Marxists ( Harmondsworth , 1967 ) , p. 148 .
44 . For Trotsky 's position , see A.Carlo , " Trotsky and the Organizational Problem " , in Critique : A Journal of Soviet Studies and Socialist Theory ( Winter , 1976 - 77 ) , pp. 19 -31 .
Trotsky is quoted as having stated during his last exile : " I wrote a brochure in 1904 , ` Our Organizational Tasks ' in which I developed some views on the question of organization quite similar to those of Rosa Luxemburg ... nonetheless all my later experience has shown me that in this controversy Lenin was right against Luxemburg and against myself " , p. 19 .
45 . Braunthal , History of the International 1864 - 1914 , pp. 298-300 ; George Novack et al. , The First Three Internationals ; Their History and Lessons ( New York , 1974 ) , pp. 55 - 57 ; James Joll , The Second International 1889 - 1914 ( London , rev. ed , 1974 ) , pp. 129-31 .
46 .
For the impact of the 1905 Russian revolution on the German labour movement see Schorske , German Social Democracy 1905 - 1917 , ch. 2 , passim .
The central position of the mass strike in the Russian events of 1905 is brought out brilliantly in Trotsky 's 1905 ( Harmondsworth , 1973 ) .
47 .
For accounts of Luxemburg 's role in the 1905 events see Frolich , Rosa Luxemburg : Her Life and Work , ch. 6 ; Nettl , Rosa Luxemburg , pp. 216-46 .
48 . Schorske , German Social Democracy , ch. 2 . The Mannheim ( 1906 ) congress of the SPD marked a victory for the conservative trade union leaders .
Luxemburg scored the results of the party leadership 's capitulation .
See " Two Methods of Trade Union Policy " , Looker ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg : Selected Political Writings , pp. 141-47 .
49 . George Lichtheim , A Short History of Socialism ( London , 1970 ) , pp. 220-21 ; Leslie Derfler , Socialism Since Marx ( London , 1973 ) , p. 67 .
50 . See George Woodcock , Anarchism : A History of Libertarian Movements and Ideas ( Harmondsworth , 1963 ) , pp. 249-50 .
Note also Engels ' critique of anarchist tactics in Spain , which was cited as orthodoxy by many Marxists of the Second International : " The Bakuninists at Work : an Account of the Spanish Revolt of 1873 " , in Anarchism and Anarcho - Syndicalism : Selected Writings by Marx , Engels , Lenin ( New York , 1972 ) , pp. 128-52 .
51 . " The Mass Strike , the Political Party and the Trade Unions " , in Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks , pp. 181-90 .
52 . Ibid. , pp. 156-62 .
53 . See Trotsky , " Hands Off Rosa Luxemburg ! " , in George Breitman , Sarah Lovell
( eds. ) , Writings of Leon Trotsky : 1932 ( New York , 1973 ) , pp. 131-43 , and " Luxemburg and the Fourth International " , in Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks , Appendix , pp. 451-55 .
George Lichtheim 's claim that Luxemburg 's views were " in part animated by a species of Syndicalist romanticism " seems particularly extreme : Marxism ( London , 2nd ed. , 1964 ) , p. 319 .
For a reasonably good discussion of Marxist trade union tactics , dealing in part with the 1905 experience , see Perry Anderson , " The Limits and Possibilities of Trade Union Action " , in Robin Blackburn and Alexander Cockburn ( eds. ) , The Incompatibles : Trade Union Militancy and the Consensus ( Harmondsworth , 1967 ) , pp. 263-80 .
54 . See Trotsky 's account of a meeting he had with Luxemburg and Kautsky shortly after the 1905 revolution in My Life : An Attempt at an Autobiography ( Harmondsworth , 1975 ) , p. 220 .
Kautsky 's character was assessed by Lukacs in the 1920s : see " Bernstein 's triumph : Notes on the Essays Written in Honour of Karl Kautsky 's Seventieth Birthday " , in Lukacs , Political Writings 1919 - 29 ( London , 1972 ) , pp. 127-33 ; see also Trotsky , On Engels and Kautsky ( New York , 1969 ) .
55 . Trotsky , " Hands Off Rosa Luxemburg " , in George Breitman , Sarah Lovell ( eds . )
Writings of Leon Trotsky : 1932 ( New York , 1973 ) , pp. 133-34 .
56 . Joll , The Second International , Appendix , p. 208 .
Luxemburg herself made a major contribution to the Marxist theory of imperialism , attempting to draw the phenomena of early 20th century world capitalism into an overall synthesis .
Her study of imperialism , The Accumulation of Capital , was published in 1911 .
For a discussion of the book 's significance in economic thought see Michael Barratt - Brown , The Economics of Imperialism ( Harmondsworth , 1974 ) , pp. 64 - 72 .
57 . See Luxemburg 's " Peace Utopias " , in Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks , pp. 250-56 .
58 .
On the collapse of the International see Joll , The Second International , pp. 67 - 72 .
59 .
For the circumstances surrounding the writing and publication of the Junius Pamphlet , see Frolich , Rosa Luxemburg : Her Life and Work , pp. 245-55 ; Nettl , Rosa Luxemburg , pp. 386-88 .
60 . " The Junius Pamphlet : The Crisis in the German Social Democracy " , in Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks , p. 269 .
61 . Ibid. , p. 296 .
62 . See Lenin , " The Junius Pamplet " , Collected Works , vol. 22 , pp. 305-19 .
Lenin pointed out that , although " Junius " ( i e. Luxemburg ) had scored the capitulation of the SPD leadership , no analysis of the nature of opportunism -- particularly Kautskyism -- was made .
He also criticised the position of the pamphlet on the national question .
63 . Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks , p. 315 .
64 .
On workers ' councils , Antonio Gramsci 's comments are of some importance .
See his Soviets in Italy ( Nottingham , Institute for Workers ' Control , n.d. ) .
65 .
On the decisive role of the Bolsheviks in the Russian Revolution see Trotsky , The History of the Russian Revolution ( London , 1967 ) .
66 . For a general account of the German Revolution see Richard M. Watt , The Kings Depart : The German Revolution and the Treaty of Versailles 1918 - 19 ( Harmondsworth , 1973 ) .
See also Frolich , Rosa Luxemburg : Her Life and Work , ch. 13 .
67 . Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks , p. 375 .
68 . The Marxists , p. 147 .
Examples of conservative or opportunist usage of Luxemburg 's differences with the Bolsheviks are : Adam B. Ulam , Lenin and the Bolsheviks ( London , 1969 ) , pp. 651-52 ; D. Smith , Left and Right in Twentieth Century Europe ( London , 1970 ) , pp. 10 - 11 .
Bertram D. Wolfe published an edition of Luxemburg 's Revolutionary Socialist Organisation , alongside her article on the Russian October Revolution , under the title The Russian Revolution and Leninism or Marxism ( New York , 1961 ) .
69 . See Lukacs , " Critical Observations on Rosa Luxemburg 's Critique of the Russian Revolution " , in History and Class Consciousness , pp. 272-94 .
70 . See Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks , p. 366 .
71 . Frolich claims that the whole affair " was carefully prepared and cunningly launched by the leaders of the counter - revolution " , see Rosa Luxemburg : Her Life and Work , p. 316 .
See also A. Ramos Oliveira , A People 's History of Germany ( London , 1942 ) , chapters 15 and 16 , and Helmut Gruber ( ed. ) , International Communism in the Era of Lenin : A Documentary History ( New York , 1972 ) , pp. 100-104 .
72 . See Clara Zetkin 's memoir of these events cited in Frolich , Rosa Luxemburg : Her Life and Work , pp. 323-34 : " The young Communist Party led by Rosa Luxemburg was therefore faced with a very difficult task involving many conflicts .
It could not accept the object of the movement -- the overthrow of the government -- as its own , but at the same time it could not let itself be separated from the masses who had joined in the movement . "
73 . " Speech to the Founding Convention of the German Communist Party " , in Waters ( ed. ) , Rosa Luxemburg Speaks , pp. 400- 11 .
74 . " Order Reigns in Berlin " , in Looker ( ed.. ) , Rosa Luxemburg : Selected Political Writings , pp. 300-6 .
Ever stumble onto a pay wall at the likes of the Wall Street Journal but are n't ready to subscribe just to read one article ?
Tech blog Digital Inspiration highlights a classic Google hack for breaking through the pay wall for free .
Advertisement
Google launched a new First Click Free program at the beginning of last month that aimed to address these sort of workarounds for pay - walled content when readers were coming from Google News , but as Amit from Digital Inspiration notes , they still do n't seem to have done anything to change the behavior from the search box .
[ D]ue to a possible bug in the implementation , the registration prompt gets bypassed for Google visitors giving them free access to all the news articles — even the premium content meant for subscribers .
It works like this .
You first copy the web address of any news article that is behind the registration firewall and paste that URL into the Google Search box .
Now click the first Google result and you 'll be able to read the full text of the corresponding story without registering or subscribing .
Advertisement
As I said , using Google to bypass the pay wall is n't exactly a new trick , but it 's a handy one we 've never highlighted before .
Use it wisely , and , of course , if you 're using it a lot , it 's probably worth your time to go ahead and subscribe to skip the hassle altogether .
A Simple Google Hack Gives You Free Access to Online Newspaper Articles [ Digital Inspiration ]
( NewsTarget )
With the school shootings in various communities around the nation on the minds of many , police in the western Michigan community of Wyoming entered two classrooms at Lee Middle and High School last Thursday and announced there was a threat to the school .
The students -- according to the Grand Rapids Press newspaper -- were unaware police were conducting a drill as they were taken from the classroom into the halls , and then patted down by officers .
The students were also asked what they had in their pockets , according to the newspaper .
Marge Bradshaw -- a parent with four children in Godfrey - Lee Schools in the area -- said " Some of these kids were so scared , they just about wet their pants I think it 's wrong that the students and parents were not informed of this . "
The officers conducting the drill wore protective gear -- including vests and helmets -- and carried rifles that were unloaded and marked with colored tape to indicate they were not live weapons , the Grand Rapids Press reported .
Diana Silva , a parent of an eighth - grade student , stated that the drill went too far : " My child was with his face to the wall in the hallway of the high school I certainly do n't want anything like this happening to my child . "
The principal of Lee Middle and High Schools , David Britten , said students were n't told ahead of time in order to make the drill seem as realistic as possible .
Even teachers were only informed moments before it took place , according to Britten , who said things went as planned : " I think this is the best way to do it we 're not looking to scare anyone , but we want a sense of urgency . "
Wyoming , Michigan Police Chief James Carmody stated that his officers were not aware that students and parents were not told , and added that his department will mandate that parents be notified ahead of time in the future .
" The purpose was to show how we will evacuate the classroom , not to assault the classroom , " Carmody said .
###
Warehouse Services And The Crucial Points To Note
If you are thinking of hiring the best warehousing services and your own business , then you have made the right crucial decision .
However , it does not mean that you can just settle with any warehouse that you see on your way home …
Clark Hoyt says in Sunday column ' editors considering correction '
Also concedes paper ' should have ' covered former MA AG 's early - December report finding no criminality in ' heavily edited ' sting videos
Brad Friedman Byon 3/20/2010 , 11:20 pm PT
" The Times was wrong … and I have been wrong in defending the paper 's phrasing . "
Even as the New York Times once again misreported the ACORN " Pimp " Hoax on its pages in a report on the community organization 's possible declaration of bankruptcy in Saturday 's paper , their Public Editor ( ombudsman ) Clark Hoyt finally admits in his column tonight , for tomorrow 's paper , that both he and the paper were " wrong " in their reports about rightwing dirty trickster James O'Keefe 's " pimp " costume , adding that " editors say they are considering a correction . "
Considering ?!
What exactly would be the hold up ?
The paper and Hoyt , as The BRAD BLOG has been detailing for nearly two months now , were out and out wrong in their reports about O'Keefe , and what his highly - edited , heavily - overdubbed , secretly - taped videos misleadingly suggested to show , and in their failure to report exculpatory information , such as the refusal to release the unedited raw videos made by the rightwing propagandists , as well as the results of an investigation by MA 's former Attorney General [ PDF ] finding no " pattern of illegal conduct " by ACORN employees as seen in the videos as published by the rightwing media mogul and fabulist Andrew Breitbart .
More than a month and a half after the paper 's Senior Editor for Standards , Greg Brock , first attempted to defend the " paper of record 's " reporting by pointing to Fox " News " and the accused felon O'Keefe himself in support of their inaccurate reports , as we exclusively detailed here , and more than a month and a half after Hoyt himself offered similar excuses and was shown that he was absolutely wrong , as we exclusively detailed here , the Public Editor offers his extremely reluctant mea culpa tonight in " The Acorn Sting Revisited " [ emphasis added ] :
Here is what I found : O'Keefe almost certainly did not go into the Acorn offices in the outlandish costume - fur coat , goggle - like sunglasses , walking stick and broad - brimmed hat - in which he appeared at the beginning and end of most of his videos .
It is easy to see why The Times and other news organizations got a different impression .
At one point , as the videos were being released , O'Keefe wore the get - up on Fox News , and a host said he was " dressed exactly in the same outfit he wore to these Acorn offices . "
He did not argue .
The Times was wrong on this point , and I have been wrong in defending the paper 's phrasing .
Editors say they are considering a correction .
Hoyt also conceded in his long - overdue admission that the paper erred in failing to ever mention ( until a story in today 's paper finally ! ) the independent findings of former MA Attorney General Scott Harshbarger which were released on December 7th of last year ....
The report by Harshbarger and Crafts was not covered by The Times .
It should have been , but the Acorn / O'Keefe story became something of an orphan at the paper .
At least 14 reporters , reporting to different sets of editors , have touched it since last fall .
Nobody owns it .
Bill Keller , the executive editor , said that , " sensing the story would not go away and would be part of a larger narrative , " the paper should have assigned one reporter to be responsible for it .
Hoyt 's hedged comment that " O' Keefe almost certainly did not go into the Acorn offices in the outlandish costume " is emblematic of his proclivity throughout the piece to continue supporting the Times deeply flawed reporting and their Senior Editor for Standards ' inexcusable attempts to cover - up for same when he was first contacted about it .
There is no " almost certainly " about it .
Hannah Giles , the pretend " prostitute " , has now twice admitted ( once on video tape ) that O'Keefe never wore the pimp outfit in ACORN offices .
" It was B - Roll , " she said .
Breitbart has also finally admitted the same , also on video .
And if one watches the first video released closely , as I 've previously pointed out to Hoyt , O'Keefe is actually seen , briefly , walking into the Baltimore office in normal slacks and shirt .
Had the New York Times bothered to do a proper investigation , they'd have noted all of those points immediately .
And had they bothered to read or report on Harshbarger investigation and its finding , released on December 7th of last year but never , until today , reported by the NYTimes they would have found the clear , not " almost certain " statement : " Although Mr. O'Keefe appeared in all videos dressed as a pimp , in fact , when he appeared at each and every office , he was dressed like a college student - in slacks and a button down shirt " .
Following what Hoyt describes as letters from " hundreds of readers , " a review of " the entire available public record " and interviews with several of the key players , including Breitbart ( but not O'Keefe or his pretend girlfriend / prostitute in the videos , Hannah Giles , or any of the former ACORN employees stung on the tapes ) ,
Hoyt reluctantly admitted they 'd gotten it wrong , but went on to spend much of his column defending what he believes the videos , which he now admits were " heavily edited , " accurately portray .
Hoyt 's original defense of the paper 's repeated misreporting , as seen in an extraordinary chain of emails between him and me , included the defense that [ emphasis his ] :
" The story says O'Keefe dressed up as a pimp and trained his hidden camera on Acorn counselors .
It does not say he did those two things at the same time . "
That jaw - dropping line brought calls for the Public Editor to step down , and his depiction " as a weasel " in a Tom Tomorrow comic strip , among other serious condemnations .
Since
The BRAD BLOG 's months - long exposé of the hoax , ACORN has launched a campaign demanding accountability from the Times and other media that similarly misreported the story , and last week the media watchdog organization Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting ( FAIR ) excoriated the paper and Hoyt for their coverage and their response to our reporting .
Last September , following pressure from rightwingers ,
Hoyt was quick to chide the paper in his column for being " slow off the mark " by waiting " nearly a week " after O'Keefe 's first video was released before reporting on it .
The paper took measures , thereafter , to improve on its " insufficient tuned - in - ness to the issues that are dominating Fox News and talk radio , " as Hoyt wrote at the time .
Yet it has now been six months since the " paper of record " first misreported the ACORN " Pimp " Hoax , and no such changes were announced for the paper in his column tonight .
That , even though their first misreport was followed the next day by a vote in the U.S. Congress to defund the organization .
That legislation was recently overturned by a federal judge who found it to be an unconstitutional bill of attainder .
But the damage is already largely done .
Other than Hoyt 's too - little - too - late admissions tonight , there has been no real accountability for the Times ' errors , or for the extraordinary irresponsible defense of those errors , as we highlighted in early February , by their Senior Editor for Standards , Greg Brock .
The damage done in the wake of the NYTimes journalist malpractice is detailed by Hoyt himself tonight :
In a statement sent to The BRAD BLOG tonight , Bertha Lewis , ACORN 's CEO , said that " for ACORN as a national organization , our vindication on the facts does n't necessarily pay the bills . "
She went on to detail , again , the damage by the hoax that the New York Times was ultimately , knowingly or otherwise , complicit in : " ACORN has faced a series of well orchestrated , relentless , well funded right wing attacks that are unprecedented since the McCarthy era .
Our effective work empowering African American and low income voters made us a target .
The videos were a manufactured , sensational story that led to rush to judgment and an unconstitutional act by Congress . "
Thanks in no small part to the failure by the New York Times , ACORN 's 400,000 low - income member families in 75 different cities across the nation are now likely to find themselves without the services and support they needed most from the important community organization who often served as an indispensable life - line for many of those families in most need of those services .
* * *
As noted , Hoyt spends much of his column still defending the rather indefensible failure by the paper .
He reports that , though mistakes were made , he is still inclined to trust in the hoaxsters ' own portrayal of inappropriate advice being offered by low - level ACORN workers in the edited videos ( " The videos were heavily edited .
The sequence of some conversations was changed , " Hoyt now admits ) , and in the unauthenticated text transcripts and audio released by O'Keefe ( who has long lied about the videos ) and his employer Breitbart ( who lied in his own Washington Times column about them as well , before being forced to change his story ) .
For example , Hoyt still believes that describing O'Keefe as Giles ' " pimp " is an apt description .
" If O’Keefe did not dress as a pimp , " he writes tonight , " he clearly presented himself as one : a fellow trying to set up a woman — sometimes along with under - age girls — in a house where they would work as prostitutes . "
But even a cursory examination of the text transcripts from the videos taped at the Brooklyn ACORN office --- originally reported as among the most damaging , even as it was recently found by the New York D.A. to reveal " no criminality " and to have been a " ' highly edited ' splice job , " as reported by Rupert Murdoch 's New York Post , if not the Times --- shows O'Keefe went out of his way to offer a different impression to those whose advice he was seeking in the videos .
O'Keefe represented himself , in all of the ACORN offices , as the conservatively dressed boyfriend of Giles hoping to help rescue her from an abusive pimp .
Here , as you can see , are O'Keefe 's only references to the word " pimp " in his own unauthenticated Brooklyn transcript [ PDF ] :
James : well the reason why we are rushing is because she was working for this pimp and he was very abusive
...
James : and that is why we were in a rush you know why I am excited and I know nothing about her business I am just trying to be here to be professional because ya know she walks in and but now we have this pimp discriminating against us
...
James : I know I have to worry about the pimp but he is illegal anyway he is not going to do anything to me who what do I have to be careful of ?
...
James : Sonny is the pimp
Clearly , O'Keefe did not represent himself as " the pimp , " as much as Hoyt still contends that he did .
Even as Hoyt points to material in those unauthenticated transcripts which he believes suggests otherwise , reporting that O'Keefe " posed as a pimp " without noting the contradictory information is , again , journalistic malpractice .
Hoyt fails to point this out .
The low - level workers --- no supervisory personnel or organizers are seen in the tapes --- may have failed to follow ACORN 's written protocols , as the group conceded when the employees were released following the publication of the tapes .
They may also have offered inappropriate advice while being misled to believe they were helping a young girl escape the clutches of an abusive pimp who had stalked and attempted to kill her .
Hoyt and his staff have clearly spent more time reporting on this story at this point than any of the paper 's actual reporters have .
While there remain plenty of points to quibble about in his column , and in his take on what happened in those ACORN offices , it 's hard to imagine the paper spending as much time and energy , and filing as many reports , on a story that should have been so easily found to have been based on a lie .
I suspect it would never have seen the light of day had it been proffered by a group of known political activists on the perceived Left .
A few minutes of skeptical reporting should have tipped off the Times immediately , as well as all the other media outlets that fell for it , that this story stank to high heaven .
Former MA Attorney General Scott Harshbarger , who was finally interviewed for the first time by Hoyt for tonight 's column , is quoted this way :
[ Harshbarger ] also said the news media should have been far more skeptical , demanding the raw video from which the edited versions were produced .
“ It ’s outrageous that this could have had this effect without being questioned more , ” he said .
Nonetheless ,
Hoyt goes on to write , " Acorn ’s supporters appear to hope that the whole story will fall apart over the issue of what O’Keefe wore : if that was wrong , everything else must be wrong .
The record does not support them . "
That " record " is one put forward still only by the hoaxsters O'Keefe , Giles , and Breitbart themselves .
All three have now been shown to have out - and - out lied about this story from the very beginning .
A close examination of that record and their story --- here is one that we did recently , and here is another , just by way of example --- quickly reveal their " record " to be full of lies in support of a hard rightwing partisan political agenda .
As the New York Daily News noted recently , but not the New York Times , quoting a law enforcement official involved in the Brooklyn D.A. 's investigation : " They edited the tape to meet their agenda . "
The NYTimes should have noted that " agenda " immediately , and taken precautions not to have been hoaxed by it .
They did n't .
We do n't " hope that the whole story will fall apart , " as Hoyt suggests .
What we hope is that our mainstream media will begin doing their job responsibly , by reporting facts skeptically , and independently verifying everything before they determine what constitutes " all the news that 's fit to print , " as the once - great New York Times ' slogan used to claim .
We also hope that when they are caught not having done so , they do the right thing by issuing an immediate and transparent correction , rather than making repeated and outrageous excuses for blatant and demonstrable misreporting .
Throughout all of this , the New York Times has failed to do the right thing .
Until and unless the paper does , you can bet your bottom dollar it will make all of the same damaging mistakes again in the future .
* * *
Finally , earlier today , as coincidence would have it , I had sent another note to Clark Hoyt and Sr. Editor for Standards Greg Brock after a story by Ian Urbina in today 's paper had once again misreported the facts of the ACORN " Pimp " Hoax by again misleadingly describing O'Keefe as " posing as a ... pimp " and inaccurately reporting that ACORN workers advised how to " avoid taxes . "
Another reporter , Andy Newman , had done so in the paper recently as well , as I note in my email .
While I do n't know Newman , I have had occasion to speak with Urbina over the years , and have found him to be a generally very good and responsible reporter .
His editors should have caught his errors , particularly given the months - long hoopla about the paper 's disastrous and controversial coverage of ACORN , but they did n't .
Urbina has not yet returned an email seeking comment on his story today .
Neither Hoyt nor Brock have responded yet either to the note below , posted in full here , formatting and typos , etc. in the original ...
From : Brad Friedman
Sent : Saturday , March 20 , 2010 1:24 PM
To : ' Public / NYT /NYTIMES ' [
Cc : ' NYTimes , Senioreditor ' [
Subject : CLARK - ACORN Followup Brad FriedmanSaturday , March 20 , 2010 1:24 PM ' Public / NYT / NYTIMES ' [ Public@NYTimes.com ' NYTimes , Senioreditor ' [ SeniorEditor@NYTimes.com
Subject : CLARK - ACORN Followup Clark - I was disappointed to see the Times ' Ian Urbina reporting today , inaccurately yet again , that O'Keefe was " posing as a… pimp " in the ACORN videos , particularly after you had written to me that you would be recommending that " Times editors ... avoid language that says or suggests that O'Keefe was dressed as a pimp when he captured the ACORN employees on camera . "
That was n't the only Times coverage which seems to have ignored your directive .
On March 1 , Andy Newman wrote in " Advice to Fake Pimp Was No Crime , Prosecutors Say " : " Acorn employees in Brooklyn who were captured on a hidden camera seeming to offer conservative activists posing as a pimp and a prostitute " who would " funnel her earnings to her ' pimp . ' "
Newman used the exact same language in a " City Room Blog " item earlier that day as well .
Moreover , Urbina 's article today also misreports that ACORN workers advised to " avoid taxes , " when they did just the opposite , in fact .
All the workers seen on tape , according to the text transcripts , advised the " couple posing as a prostitute and her boyfriend " ( as the AP has now correctly reported , in a story that was even reprinted at NYTimes.com last week ! ) that they must declare their income and pay their taxes , even on ill - gotten gains !
I 'm just flummoxed that the NYTimes continues to so grossly misreport this entire story , particularly as you had written to me that : I still do n't see that a correction is in order , because that would require conclusive evidence that The Times was wrong , which I have n't seen .
Well surely you have now seen " conclusive evidence that The Times was wrong " , since the " prostitute " Hannah Giles has now twice admitted ( here and on video here ) that the pimp footage was all fake , and even publisher Andrew Breitbart has admitted same ( see Breitbart 's admissions on video right here ) .
The only reason I can possibly fathom for this type of continued misreporting to be repeated yet again , after all this time , is a contention you made in one of your emails to me , which I thought I had already spoken to , alleging that " O'Keefe…clearly presented himself to the ACORN employees in a pimp relationship with Hannah Giles . "
But he clearly did n't as any thorough analysis of O'Keefe / Breitbart 's own text transcripts reveals as we detailed in our analyses of those transcripts here and here .
As I 'm sure you even know by now , the Brooklyn DA 's office has confirmed the hoax by concluding a 5 - month investigation finding " no criminality " , and telling media ( as reported by the NYPost and NYDailyNews , but not the NYTimes , unfortunately ! ) , that the pair " edited the tape to meet their agenda " ; that it was " a ' heavily edited ' splice job that only made it appear as though the organization 's workers were advising a pimp and prostitute on how to get a mortgage " ; and that " Many of the seemingly crime - encouraging answers were taken out of context so as to appear more sinister . "
As I previously noted in one of our emails , it sounds as if you did NOT review the text transcripts published by O'Keefe and Breitbart .
I do n't know whether you have finally done so or not , as doing so --- or at least reviewing the analyses of them that I 've linked above --- would likely inform what has been your apparent misperceptions about this entire fair .
But given the Times continued misreporting , that even the AP has shown the correct journalistic practices by changing the language they used , it seems as though nothing has been learned here , and the Times is dead set on continuing to sully its reputation vis a vis continued journalistic malpractice .
I 'm sure you 've seen FAIR ( Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting ) 's coverage of your responses and of the Times ' reporting by now , and I 'm surprised you have n't finally clarified to all how things went terribly wrong at the " paper of record " by now .
I continue to hope , as I have from day one , that you will advise the paper to correct , retract , apologize and examine how they got the story so damagingly incorrect , so they can explain to readers how they will keep such disturbing errors from occurring in the future .
Brad Brad Friedman
Publisher / Editor , The BRAD BLOG
http://www.BradBlog.com
Twitter : @ The BradBlog.com
* * *
The BRAD BLOG covers your electoral system fiercely and independently , like no other media outlet in the nation .
Please support our work with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
The utility of a dry - erase board is unquestionable , but the last thing I want in my home is a whiteboard .
The design team at Seattle - based Three by Three makes dry - erase convenience domestically palatable with their Bamboo Dry Erase Wall Panels , which also feature two neat little channels that let you slide accessory holders into them .
If you can't find your distribution then select Generic .
Note that distribution - packaged versions are typically behind the current platform release .
If you prefer to use the latest version rather than the distribution - packaged version , then you may want to use the generic Linux installer .
Select your distribution Please select your distribution on the right .
Generic Linux
This is a generic distribution of the Haskell Platform .
While it should work on most modern Linux distributions , you may want to investigate use one of the distribution - specific options listed on the right .
As GHC links against libgmp , you may need to install " libgmp - dev " using your package manager of choice .
The recommended way to install the components of the generic platform is using ghcup to install ghc and cabal - install , and following the instructions at haskellstack.org to install stack .
Ubuntu Haskell Platform is available in your distribution 's package repository .
Note that distribution - packaged versions are typically behind the current platform release .
If you prefer to use the latest version rather than the distribution - packaged version , then you may want to use the generic Linux installer .
Simply run , $ sudo apt - get install haskell - platform
Debian Haskell Platform is already available in your distribution 's package repository .
Note that distribution - packaged versions are typically behind the current platform release .
If you prefer to use the latest version rather than the distribution - packaged version , then you may want to use the generic Linux installer .
Simply run , $ sudo apt - get install haskell - platform
Linux Mint Haskell Platform is already available in your distribution 's package repository .
Note that distribution - packaged versions are typically behind the current platform release .
If you prefer to use the latest version rather than the distribution - packaged version , then you may want to use the generic Linux installer .
Simply run , $ sudo apt - get install haskell - platform
Redhat Haskell Platform is already available in your distribution 's package repository .
Note that distribution - packaged versions are typically behind the current platform release .
If you prefer to use the latest version rather than the distribution - packaged version , then you may want to use the generic Linux installer .
Simply run , $ sudo yum install haskell - platform
Fedora Haskell Platform is already available in your distribution 's package repository .
Note that distribution - packaged versions are typically behind the current platform release .
If you prefer to use the latest version rather than the distribution - packaged version , then you may want to use the generic Linux installer .
Simply run , $ sudo dnf install haskell - platform
Gentoo Haskell Platform is already available in your distribution 's package repository .
Note that distribution - packaged versions are typically behind the current platform release .
If you prefer to use the latest version rather than the distribution - packaged version , then you may want to use the generic Linux installer .
While there is a haskell - platform ebuild included in the main Portage tree , it is recommended that one uses the more up - to - date gentoo - haskell overlay .
This can be done using layman , $ sudo layman - a haskell $ sudo emerge haskell - platform More details can be found in the Wiki .
I went to a food and water distribution today for 50,000 in Cite Soleil , Haiti ’s poorest and most infamous neighborhood .
For all that the United Nations and the U.S. are always claiming how safe the neighborhood has become in recent years , they brought an eye - popping number of heavily armed soldiers along .
Better to be safe than sorry , one Brazilian blue helmeted soldier told me , since more than 4,000 prisoners escaped during the earthquake and many , they suspect , came back to Cite Soleil , though there has been no overt resurgence of gang activity in the area .
So , it ’s striking when the U.S. and Brazilian militaries need so much protection to help the denizens of this poor neighborhood that U.S. camera crews would go in with little or no security .
Haitians are a naturally egalitarian society : what one person gets the other wants .
Just be fair about it .
If you want to give water to someone , better be prepared to give water to every person in sight .
I found this out the hard way when I began to give out my business card and started a mini-rush .
Even though I kept explaining to them the cards could n’t help them they all wanted what the other person had .
It ’s been frustrating then , to watch foreign , especially U.S. , news crews pull up to Cite Soleil and start walking down the street with cameras and lights and audio booms .
Of course , they would cause a stir .
And then all it takes is one card handed out , one bottle of water given to a child in sympathy and it provokes a stampede of folks all under the misapprehension that there ’s some form of aid to be had .
Jostling begins and suddenly , BREAKING NEWS THERE’S RIOTING IN HAITI !!!
Personally , I have seen no real riots : after the tv crews sprint back to the vehicles the crowd disbands and everyone goes home .
But the longer the tv crew remains the more violent the crowd gets : people are desperate especially when they think they ’re vying for a few pieces of food or water that they may not get if they ’re not out in front .
The UN , for example , hired Haitians with megaphones to walk up and down the line assuring people this morning that everyone on line would receive food and water – this calms down the ones behind and stops them from pushing to the front .
TV crews obviously do n’t do this and , I was told by some U.S. military sources , are potentially leaving behind hurt , injured or dead from the mini-riots they incite .
There have been some violent clashes with looters , but that again goes to the egalitarian nature of this people : one of the cardinal rules is you do not take what is not yours .
That ’s not fair .
Mobs , like the one I saw two days ago beating a looter to death , are quick and efficient .
They disbursed the minute the man was dead and paid absolutely no attention to me or my fixer on the side of the road .
What happens when you let comedian Peter Serafinowicz loose on a pop video ?
Are you sure you really want to know ?
When I was a young boy , playing on the floor of my grandmother 's front room , I glanced up at the television and saw Death , talking to a knight .
I did n't know much about death at that point .
It was the thing that happened to ­budgerigars and hamsters .
But it was Death , with a scythe and an amiable manner .
I did n't know it at the time , of course , but I had just watched a clip from Ingmar Bergman 's The Seventh Seal , wherein the knight engages in protracted dialogue , and of course the ­famous chess game , with the Grim Reaper who , it seemed to me , did not seem so terribly grim .
The image has remained with me ever since and Death as a character ­appeared in the first of my Discworld novels .
He has evolved in the series to be one of its most popular characters ; implacable , because that is his job , he appears to have some sneaking regard and compassion for a race of creatures which are to him as ephemeral as mayflies , but which nevertheless spend their brief lives making rules for the universe and counting the stars .
I have no clear recollection of the death of my grandparents , but my ­paternal grandfather died in the ambulance on the way to hospital after just having cooked and eaten his own dinner at the age of 96 .
He had felt very odd , got a neighbour to ring for the doctor and stepped tidily into the ambulance and out of the world .
A good death if ever there was one .
Except that , ­according to my father , he did ­complain to the ambulance men that he had n't had time to finish his pudding .
I am not at all sure about the truth of this , because my father had a finely tuned sense of humour that he was good enough to bequeath to me , presumably to make up for the weak bladder , short stature and male pattern baldness which regrettably came with the package .
My father 's own death was more protracted .
He had a year 's warning .
It was pancreatic cancer .
Technology kept him alive , at home and in a state of reasonable comfort and cheerfulness , for that year , during which we had those conversations that you have with a dying parent .
Perhaps it is when you truly get to know them , when you ­realise that it is now you marching ­towards the sound of the guns and you are ready to listen to the advice and reminiscences that life was too crowded for up to that point .
He ­unloaded all the anecdotes that I had heard before , about his time in India during the war , and came up with a few more that I had never heard .
Then , at one point , he suddenly looked up and said , " I can feel the sun of India on my face " , and his face did light up rather magically , brighter and happier than I had seen it at any time in the previous year , and if there had been any justice or even narrative sensibility in the ­universe , he would have died there and then , shading his eyes from the sun of Karachi .
He did not .
On the day he was diagnosed my ­father told me , " If you ever see me in a hospital bed , full of tubes and pipes and no good to anybody , tell them to switch me off . "
In fact , it took something under a fortnight in the hospice for him to die as a kind of collateral damage in the war between his cancer and the morphine .
And in that time he stopped being him and started becoming a corpse , albeit one that moved ever so slightly from time to time .
On the way back home after my ­father 's death I scraped my Jag along a stone wall in Hay - on - Wye .
To be fair , it 's almost impossible not to scrape Jags along the walls in Hay - on - Wye even if your eyes are n't clouded with tears , but what I did n't know at the time , but strongly suspect now , was that also playing a part in that little ­accident was my own disease , subtly making its presence felt .
When the specialist gave me the news that I had posterior cortical ­atrophy , a rare form of Alzheimer 's ­disease , I quite genuinely saw him ­outlined in a rectangle of flaming red lines .
The whole world had changed .
PCA manifests itself through sight problems , and difficulty with topological tasks , such as buttoning up a shirt .
I have the opposite of a superpower ; sometimes I can not see what is there .
I see the teacup with my eyes , but my brain refuses to send me the teacup message .
It 's very Zen .
First , there is no teacup and then , because I know there is a teacup , the teacup will appear the next time I look .
I have little work - arounds to deal with this sort of thing – people with PCA live in a world of work - arounds .
If you did not know there was ­anything wrong with me , you would not know there is anything wrong with me .
The disease moves slowly , but you know it 's there .
­Imagine a very , very slow - motion car crash .
Nothing much seems to be ­happening .
There 's an occasional little bang , a crunch , a screw pops out and spins across the dashboard as if we 're in Apollo 13 .
But the radio is still playing , the heater is on and it does n't seem all that bad , except for the certain knowledge that sooner or later you will definitely be going headfirst through the windscreen .
I have heard it said that some people feel they are being avoided once the news gets around that they have Alzheimer's .
For me it has been just the reverse .
People want to talk to me – on city streets , in theatre queues , on aeroplanes over the Atlantic , even on country walks .
They want to tell me about their mother , their husband , their grandmother .
Increasingly , they want to talk about what I prefer to call " assisted death " , but which is still called , wrongly in my opinion , ­" assisted suicide " .
As a pallid and nervous young ­journalist I got to know about suicide .
It was part of my regular tasks to sit in at the coroner 's court , where I learned all the manifold ways the disturbed ­human brain can devise to die .
Newspapers were a little more kindly in those days , and we tended not to go into too much detail , but I had to listen to it .
And I remember that coroners never used the word " insanity " .
They preferred the more compassionate ­verdict that the subject had " taken his life while the balance of his mind was disturbed " .
There was ambivalence to the phrase , a suggestion of the winds of fate and overwhelming circumstance .
In fact , by now , I have reached the ­conclusion that a person may make a decision to die because the balance of their mind is level , realistic , pragmatic , stoic and sharp .
And that is why I dislike the term " assisted suicide " applied to the carefully thought - out and weighed - up process of having one 's life ended by gentle medical means .
The people who thus far have made the harrowing trip to Dignitas in Switzerland to die seemed to me to be very firm and methodical of purpose , with a clear prima - face case for wanting their death to be on their own terms .
In short , their minds may well be in better balance than the world around them .
And once again I remember my ­father .
He did not want to die a curious kind of living death .
He was n't that kind of person .
He wanted to say ­goodbye to me , and knowing him , he would probably have finished with a joke of some sort .
And if the nurses had put the relevant syringe in the ­cannula , I would have pressed it , and felt it was my duty .
There would have been tears , of course there would ; tears would be appropriate and insuppressible .
I got involved in the debate surrounding " assisted death " by accident after taking a long and informed look at my future as someone with Alzheimer 's and subsequently writing an article about my conclusions .
As a result of my " coming out " about the disease I now have contacts in medical research industries all over the world , and I have no reason to believe that a " cure " is imminent .
I do think , on their good advice , that there may be some very ­interesting developments in the next couple of years and I 'm not the only one to hope for some kind of stepping stone – a treatment that will keep me going long enough for a better treatment to be developed .
Back in my early reporting days I was told that nobody has to do what the doctor tells them .
I learned this when chief reporter George Topley slung my copy back at me and said , " Never say that a patient has been ­released from hospital unless you are talking about someone who is being detained on mental grounds .
The proper word is ' discharged ' , and even though the staff would like you to ­believe that you just can't walk out ­until they say so , you damn well can .
Although , generally speaking , it 's best not to be dragging a portable life support system down the steps with you . "
George was a remarkable journalist who as a fiery young man would have fought fascism in the Spanish civil war were it not for the fact that he stowed away on the wrong boat and ended up in Hull .
I remember what George said and vowed that rather than let Alzheimer 's take me , I would take it .
I would live my life as ever to the full and die , ­before the disease mounted its last ­attack , in my own home , in a chair on the lawn , with a brandy in my hand to wash down whatever modern ­version of the " Brompton cocktail " some ­helpful medic could supply .
And with ­Thomas Tallis on my iPod , I would shake hands with Death .
This seems to me quite a ­reasonable and sensible ­decision for someone with a serious , incurable and ­debilitating disease to elect for a medically assisted death by appointment .
These days , non-traumatic death – deaths that do n't , for example , involve several cars , a tanker and a patch of ice on the M4 – largely take place in hospitals and ­hospices .
Not so long ago , they took place in your own bed .
The Victorians knew how to die .
They saw a lot of death .
And Victorian and Edwardian London were awash with what we would call recreational drugs , which were seen as a boon and a blessing to all .
Departing on schedule with the help of a friendly doctor was quite usual .
Does that still apply ?
It would seem so .
Did the Victorians fear death ?
As Death says in one of my own books , most men do n't fear death , they fear those things – the knife , the shipwreck , the illness , the bomb – that proceed , by micro seconds if you 're lucky and many years if you 're not , the moment of death .
And this brings us into the whole care or killing argument .
The Care Not Killing Alliance assures us that no one need consider a voluntary death of any sort since care is always available .
This is questionable .
Medicine is keeping more and more people alive , all requiring more and more care .
Alzheimer 's and other ­dementias place a huge care burden on the country , a burden that falls initially on the next of kin , who may even be elderly and , indeed , be in need of some sort of care themselves .
A major objection frequently flourished by opponents of assisted dying is that elderly people might be illegally persuaded into " asking " for assisted death .
Could be , but the Journal of Medical Ethics reported in 2007 that there was no evidence of the abuse of vulnerable patients in Oregon , where assisted dying is currently legal .
I do n't see why things should be any different here .
Last year , the government finally published guidelines on dealing with assisted death .
They did not appear to satisfy anybody .
It seems that those wishing to assist a friend or relative to die would have to meet quite a large number of criteria in order to escape the chance of prosecution for murder .
We should be thankful that there is , in theory , some ­possibility that they might not be ­prosecuted but , as laid out , the best anyone can do is keep within the rules and hope for the best .
That is why I and others have ­suggested some kind of strictly non-­aggressive tribunal that would establish the facts of the case well before the ­assisted death takes place .
This might make some people , including me , a little uneasy as it suggests the govern­ment has the power to tell you whether you can live or die .
But , that said , the government cannot sidestep the ­responsibility to ensure the protection of the vulnerable and we must respect that .
It grieves me that those against assisted death seem to assume , as a matter of course , that those of us who support it have not thought long and hard about this very issue .
It is , in fact , at the soul and centre of my argument .
The members of the tribunal would be acting for the good of society as well as that of the applicant – horrible word – to ensure they are of sound and informed mind , firm in their purpose , suffering from a life - threatening and incurable disease and not under the ­influence of a third party .
It would need wiser heads than mine , though heaven knows they should be easy enough to find , to determine how such tribunals are constituted .
But I would suggest there should be a lawyer , one with ­expertise in dynastic family affairs who has become good at recognising what somebody really means and indeed , if there is outside pressure .
And a ­medical practitioner experienced in dealing with the complexities of serious long - term illnesses .
I would also suggest that all those on the tribunal are over 45 , by which time they may have acquired the rare gift of wisdom , because wisdom and compassion should , in this tribunal , stand side - by - side with the law .
The tribunal would also have to be a check on those seeking death for reasons that reasonable people may consider trivial or transient distress .
I dare say that quite a few people have contemplated death for reasons that much later seemed to them to be quite minor .
If we are to live in a world where a ­socially acceptable " early death " can be allowed , it must be allowed as a ­result of careful consideration .
Let us consider me as a test case .
As I have said , I would like to die peacefully with Thomas Tallis on my iPod before the disease takes me over and I hope that will not be for quite some time to come , because if I knew that I could die at any time I wanted , then suddenly every day would be as ­precious as a million pounds .
If I knew that I could die , I would live .
My life , my death , my choice .
This is an edited extract of Terry Pratchett 's Richard Dimbleby lecture , Shaking Hands With Death , which was broadcast on BBC1 on 1 February
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
February 6 , 2010
Sarah Palin delivered a speech prior to her keynote at the Republican Tea Party fest in Nashville scheduled for this weekend .
In addition to touching on government spending and the bankster bailout , Palin said the underwear bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab should have been grilled before he was read his Miranda rights .
Neocon Sarah sets her sights on the Tea Party movement .
“ We need a commander in chief , not a professor of constitutional law , ” she said , according to the Wichita Eagle .
In fact , Obama was not a professor of constitutional law .
He was a “ senior lecturer ” at the University of Chicago Law School .
In academia , there is a vast difference between the two titles , not that we should expect Palin ( or her script writers ) to get it right .
Palin , the darling of the Tea Party movement ( or the one hijacked by statist neocons ) , is merely echoing the Republican idea that supposed terrorists accused by the government do not deserve Fifth Amendment protection and should be shuffled off to the torture camp at Gitmo straight away .
In other words , if the government says somebody is a terrorist then they do not have a right to remain silent .
If the government says you ’re a terrorist , well then by gosh you must be one .
Neocons say skipping the Fifth Amendment is crucial in such cases because the government needs to get “ actionable intelligence ” from terror suspects .
But what kind of intelligence would they get from Mr. Fizzlepants , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab ?
That he was escorted to the airport in Amsterdam by a well - dressed Indian man who was obviously a military or intelligence operative ?
Do neocons expect us to believe that if the government waterboarded Abdulmutallab they would get information on sleeper cells or nefarious plots in the making by al - Qaeda , the phantom terror group cobbled together by the CIA ?
Palin supports the neocon concept of forever war against Muslims .
In this respect she is just like Obama and the Democrat version of Bush ’s neocons .
In December , Tea Party Sarah lauded Obama ’s decision to send another 30,000 troops into the Afghan meat grinder .
“ At long last , President Obama decided to give his military commanders much of what they need to accomplish their mission in Afghanistan , ” Palin ( or one of her handlers ) wrote on her Facebook on December 1 , 2009 .
“ We now have an opportunity to build a bipartisan consensus in support of a vital national security priority : defeating Al - Qaeda and its violent extremist allies in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and ensuring that these countries never again serve as bases for terrorist attacks against America and our allies , ” she wrote .
“ We should be in Afghanistan to win . ”
Palin ’s speech at the Salina Area Chamber of Commerce Annual Banquet in Salina , Kansas on February 5 , 2010 .
Part 2 , Part 3 , Part 4 .
In regard to the Middle East , Palin sounds just like a run -of - the - mill neocon .
“ I believe that the Jewish settlements should be allowed to be expanded upon , because that population of Israel is , is going to grow , ” Palin told Barbara Walters last November .
“ More and more Jewish people will be flocking to Israel in the days and weeks and months ahead .
And I do n’t think that the Obama administration has any right to tell Israel that the Jewish settlements cannot expand . ”
Once again , Palin gets it wrong .
In fact , people are deserting Israel in record numbers , especially educated professionals “ who could not be integrated in Israel because of the unsuitability of their professions to the Israeli work force . ”
Others are leaving because the country is ruled by insane warmongers who are determined to start another war , this time with Iran .
Palin supports the Israeli policy of stealing Palestinian land .
She also apparently supports the Israeli bombing of civilians in Gaza .
Sarah Palin is a neocon Stepford wife .
As Justin Raimondo noted back in November of 2008 , Sarah had her head stuffed with neocon talking points in the lead - up to the election when she was John McCain ’s running mate .
“ Strapped to a chair and forced to read a year ’s worth of Weekly Standards out loud while having the audio version of the complete works of Norman Podhoretz piped into her ears , poor pistol - packin ’ Sarah was no match for her neocon interrogators , who ironed all those right - wing populist quirks out of her malleable mindset .
Now , Sarah , repeat after me : jury nullification is nuts , forget about Alaskan independence , and always , always remember , you hate Ron Paul ! ”
[ efoods ]
Raimondo made his albeit sarcastic point in response to a report in the London Telegraph .
It stated : “ Comments by the governor of Alaska in her first television interview , in which she said NATO may have to go to war with Russia and took a tough line on Iran ’s nuclear program , were the result of two weeks of briefings by neoconservatives . ”
War with Russia and attacking Iran ?
How is such warmongering insanity compatible with the Tea Party movement ?
Are Tea Party supporters ready to get behind ever increasing Pentagon budgets ( more than $ 500 billion in 2009 ) in order to combat terrorists created by the CIA and Mossad ?
Or is the new Tea Party about spending billions on mass murder while cutting “ discretionary ” spending ?
Sounds like Obama to me .
Sarah Palin is a thinly disguised Trojan Horse .
Her mission is to subvert the Tea Party movement and shepherd its supporters back into the big government and all - war - all - the - time Republican camp .
Sarah Palin is a neocon .
If the folks who are paying around $ 500 to attend the Republican love fest in Nashville cannot see this , they are about as clueless as Sarah who would be a babe lost in the woods without her Republican and neocon handlers and speech writers ( and Facebook scribblers ) .
Finally , it really is scary how easily the Tea Party movement was played .
On CNN last night , one attendee to the fest in Nashville said the idea is to change the Republican party from the inside out and make it the party of the Constitution and individual liberty .
I had to laugh .
If Tea Party supporters believe this is possible , they may be interested in some oceanfront property I have for sale in Arizona .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
I recently posted about Git and how it has changed my development style in only a week of using it .
After discussing this with a couple of people , I believe I have a better way of articulating the underlying problem .
Fundamentally , it comes down to what I have been calling “ timid edits ” .
We ’ve all been there .
There ’s some nasty piece of code that you just ca n’t get to work right .
There ’s some edge - case that you realize you forgot to deal with and you ’re trying to wedge in the fix .
You change this , you change that .
You exert tremendous effort trying to bend your existing code to the right shape , but to no avail .
In the end , after god knows how long , you just say screw it and rewrite the whole function .
Why did it take so long to reach that point ?
Why did n’t you just rewrite the offending code - block when you realized there was some flaw ?
I think sometimes we mislead ourselves into thinking that code that ‘ almost - works ’ is somehow actually ‘ close ’ to the actual solution when we are in fact at a dead end .
Similarly , I think that we feel like deleting code will take us further away from our goal and perhaps we feel as if we ca n’t get back .
These timid edits do n’t only affect debugging , but also get in the way of refactoring .
“ Our API works , why rewrite it ? ” “ My class hierarchy works , why change it ? ”
Because of our timidity when it comes to rewriting code we fail to reap the possible benefits like efficiency , clarity , or maintainability .
In order to deal with this issue — timid edits — we have to have confidence in our understanding of the problem itself , and have confidence in our ability to recreate its solution .
We have tools that can help us find our way back , when we go wandering away from the solution .
These tools can embolden us .
I have recently begun using Git for exactly this purpose .
I keep very frequent way - points and also create lots of small , short - lived branches .
At the end of the day we need to stop floundering around , worrying with our code as it is .
We need to have a good understanding of the tools at hand so that they can instill in us the confidence to stop timid edits .
From Roger Lowenstein in the NY Times Magazine : Walk Away From Your Mortgage !.
Although Lowenstein does n't cover new ground , he does provide a nice summary .
No one says defaulting on a contract is pretty or that , in a perfectly functioning society , defaults would be the rule .
But to put the onus for restraint on ordinary homeowners seems rather strange .
If the Mortgage Bankers Association is against defaults , its members , presumably the experts in such matters , might take better care not to lend people more than their homes are worth .
Strategic defaults ( or " ruthless defaults " as they are known in the mortgage industry ) are not new .
But they used to be pretty rare - and it has always been hard to quantify .
A novel -- and rapid -- anti-cancer drug development strategy has resulted in a new drug that stops kidney and pancreatic tumors from growing in mice .
Researchers at the Moores Cancer Center at the University of California , San Diego , have found a drug that binds to a molecular " switch " found in cancer cells and cancer - associated blood vessels to keep it in the " off " position .
" We locked the kinase switch in the off position in cancer and in tumor - associated blood vessels , " which differs from the way current inhibitors attempt to block active kinases , said David Cheresh , PhD , professor and vice chair of pathology at the UCSD School of Medicine and the Moores UCSD Cancer Center , who led the work .
The new approach employs scaffold - based chemistry combined with supercomputer technology , allowing for rapid screening and development of drugs that are more selective for the tumor .
The development and screening processes were used to identify potential drug candidates able to halt a growth signaling enzyme , or kinase , which can foster tumor blood vessel and tumor growth .
According to the researchers , the novel approach may become a useful strategy in cancer drug development .
The study appears online the week of February 8 , 2010 , in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
In this " rational design approach , " Cheresh and his co-workers used the supercomputer at the San Diego Supercomputer Center to custom - design molecules that stabilized the inactive forms of two similar kinases , PDGFR β and B - RAF -- both of which are found to be activated in tumors and in blood vessels that feed tumors .
Since PDGFR β and B - RAF work cooperatively , keeping both turned off causes synergistic effects in tumors , according to Cheresh .
" We custom design a drug for a target that we know either plays a role in blood vessel angiogenesis or tumor invasion , " said Cheresh .
" By doing this on the computer screen and effectively locking the target in the off position , we can generate selective drugs that are expected to produce minimal side effects .
Working with a series of chemical scaffolds , we are able to design specific interactions to fit certain targets in cancer cells . "
They tested candidates for their effects on embryonic zebrafish blood vessels , which behave similarly to human cancer blood vessels .
Molecules that blocked blood vessel growth in the fish were found to do the same in mice , and Cheresh hopes they will soon be tested in cancer patients .
The drug screen system has several advantages , Cheresh explained .
Most standard screens test 400,000 candidates in test tubes to identify a single drug candidate .
His group 's screening method requires fewer than 100 compounds to be screened because they are rationally designed , look for specific types of targets , and use a zebrafish model , testing molecules in cells , tissues and organs for " physiological relevance . "
The zebrafish is a popular drug research model because it is transparent and the effects of drugs are easily monitored .
In addition , he said , the rational design approach provides drugs that are more selective , hitting desired targets and yielding fewer side effects .
Co-authors include : Eric A. Murphy , David J. Shields , Konstatin Stoletov , Michele McElroy , Joshua Greenberg , Jeff Lindquist , Lisette Acevedo , Sudarshan Anand , Bharat Kumar Majeti , Breda Walsh , Michael Bouvet , Richard L. Klemke , Wolfgang Wrasidlo , Moores UCSD Cancer Center ; Elena Dneprovskaia , TargeGen , Inc. , San Diego ; Igor Tsigelny , Adrian Saldanha , UCSD ; Robert M. Hoffman , Moores UCSD Cancer Center and Anticancer , Inc. , San Diego ; Peter K. Vogt , The Scripps Research Institute , La Jolla ; Lee Arnold , Kinagen , Inc. , Encinitas , CA .
Funding support came from the National Cancer Institute and Kinagen , Inc .
1 -
Le photographe italien indépendant Pietro Masturzo a remporté le Prix World Press Photo 2009 avec ce cliché d'une femme criant depuis le toit d'un immeuble de Téhéran , le 24 juin 2009 .
Cette photo illustre la contestation iranienne après la réélection contestée du président Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
" La photo montre le commencement de quelque chose , le commencement d'une histoire énorme , a expliqué Ayperi Karabuda Ecer , la présidente du jury du 53e World Press .
Elle donne de la perspective à l'information et touche tant visuellement qu'émotionnellement " .
63 photographes , de 23 nationalités différentes , ont été primés par le jury du World Press Photo dans dix catégories .
Reuters / Pietro Masturzo / Handout
Meg Blake , John Martin , Peter Martin , and I ported Tetris to the medium of sugar .
A full build writeup will soon be a rumbling on John ’s new site , rumblings.org .
Update : John ’s post is up .
Related Posts
Published online 11 February 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.67
News
Overuse of fertilizers is imperilling food supply .
Nitrogen fertilizers increase rice yields but can acidify the soil .
elwynn1130/iStockphoto
Chinese farmers ' rampant use of fertilizers could soon endanger the nation 's ability to feed itself .
A survey of more than 8,000 samples from across the country has shown that overuse of nitrogen fertilizers has caused soil pH to plummet over the past 20 years .
Left unchecked , the acidification could cripple Chinese agricultural production , says Fusuo Zhang , a soil and plant scientist at the China Agricultural University in Beijing and lead author of the survey , which is published online this week in Science1 .
Since the 1980s agriculture yields have grown in China , as has the nation 's use of chemical fertilizers .
In 2007 , China consumed 32.6 million tonnes of nitrogen fertilizer , a 191 % increase over 1981 .
Acid test
To understand the consequences of this increase , the researchers compiled 8,875 soil pH analyses from existing data to calculate the change in soil acidity between the 1980s and 2000s .
The data came from various sources , including a national soil survey carried out between 1980 and 1984 , 912 published research papers and long - term field monitoring studies .
The team 's results show that extensive overuse has caused the pH of soil across China to drop by roughly 0.5 , with some soils reaching a pH of 5.07 ( nearly neutral soils of pH 6 - 7 are optimal for cereals , such as rice and grain , and other cash crops ) .
By contrast , soil left to its own devices would take at least 100 years to acidify by this amount .
The acidification has already lessened crop production by 30 - 50 % in some areas , Zhang says .
If the trend continues , some regions could eventually see the soil pH drop to as low as 3 .
" No crop can grow at this level of acidification , " he warns .
The speed at which the soils in China are acidifying is " astonishing " , says Alan Townsend , a biogeochemist at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
He agrees with Zhang 's assessment that continued use at these rates could threaten China 's food security .
Lean and green
The solution could be as simple as educating farmers .
In Europe and the United States , fertilizer it is now used sparingly owing to an awareness of its environmental effects , including the pollution of rivers and lakes .
But Chinese farmers are often unaware of the consequences of over - fertilization .
ADVERTISEMENT
" They see the green leaves but they do n't see the impact on the soil .
If they have a poor crop they think more fertilizer is needed , making matters worse , " Zhang says .
Farmers routinely apply double and sometimes triple the necessary amount , he says .
Better education could provide a simple solution to the fertilization problem .
Upendra Singh , a soil scientist at the IFDC , a non-profit public organization based in Muscle Shoals , Alabama , that carries out agricultural research , adds that Chinese farmers could also leave dead crop biomass on the fields to help rebalance the soil .
In the worst cases , lime could be spread across fields , he says .
In 2005 , the Chinese government launched a scheme to educate farmers on issues including fertiliser use and techniques to rebalance the soil , but the programme has yet to reach many , says Zhang .
He hopes the government will enhance its efforts to deliver knowledge and new technologies to the wider population of farmers .
Hard times are causing more homeowners to fall behind on their property taxes .
But in thousands of cases , they are not responsible to their local governments , but to private companies that charge double - digit interest and thousands of dollars in service fees .
This is because in recent years struggling cities and counties have sold their delinquent tax bills to the highest bidder .
It seemed a painless way to turn old debts into cash to finance schools or public services .
But housing advocates say the private companies may be exacerbating the foreclosure crisis , pushing out homeowners faster than would governments , which are increasingly concerned about neighborhoods becoming wastelands of abandoned properties .
“ In the beginning , you ’re getting this immediate windfall of cash , ” said Anita Lopez , the auditor of Lucas County , Ohio , which sold off more than 3,000 tax liens for $ 14.7 million .
The county includes Toledo .
“ But when you think about abandoned properties , foreclosed properties  the cost to the community is far more expensive than the short - term benefits . ”
This week my colleagues Jenna Wortham , Nick Bilton and I have been utterly fascinated with , and sometimes repulsed by , a suddenly popular new Web site called Chatroulette .
The site , which gets about 20,000 users on a typical night , generates one - on - one Webcam connections between you and another randomly chosen user .
The results are occasionally serendipitous , putting you face to face with an interesting person from another corner of the planet .
More often though , the site is reminiscent of those old anything - goes AOL chat rooms , only with video .
Let ’s put it this way : Parents , keep your children far , far away .
The site was well described in a New York magazine article recently and , oddly enough , was featured on “ Good Morning America ” on Saturday .
The lingering mystery , though , was who was behind the site .
The question was answered on Saturday when Andrey Ternovskiy responded to the questions we sent to an e-mail address on Chatroulette .
Mr. Ternovskiy said he was a 17 - year - old high school student in Moscow .
“ I was not sure whether I should tell the world who I am mainly because of the fact that I am under age .
Now I think that it would be better to reveal myself , ” Mr. Ternovskiy wrote .
I asked Mr. Ternovskiy about the origin of the idea for ChatRoulette , how he manages the technical challenges of running the site , whether he viewed it as a business , and about the way some people were using Chatroulette in , as he put it , “ some not very nice ways . ”
Here are his e-mailed responses , slightly edited and condensed :
I created this project for fun .
Initially , I had no business goals with it .
I created this project recently .
I was and still am a teenager myself , that is why I had a certain feeling of what other teenagers would want to see on the Internet .
I myself enjoyed talking to friends with Skype using a microphone and webcam .
But we got tired of talking to each other eventually .
So I decided to create a little site for me and my friends where we could connect randomly with other people .
It was n’t so easy to create it for me , but I have been coding since 11 ( thanks to my father who introduced me to the Internet early – most of my knowledge comes from it ) .
I did n’t advertise my site or post it anywhere , but somehow , people started to talk to each other about the site .
And the word started to spread .
That ’s how the simultaneous user count grew from 10 to 50 , then from 50 to 100 and so on .
Each time the user count grew , I had to rewrite my code completely , because my software and hardware could n’t handle it all .
I never thought that handling the heavy user load would be the most difficult part of my project .
As the user base grew , bandwidth and hosting bills started to show bigger sums .
I am glad that my relatives helped me with it by ‘ investing ’ some money in my idea .
It was n’t very much money , so I could n’t just buy new servers just like that , I had to optimize my code as much as possible instead .
I must say that lots of people have helped and still are helping me when I have questions about coding .
I am very thankful to them .
I still code everything myself , though .
I ’d love to share work with someone else , but I am not in the USA , and most of the interested people are located far away from me , because I live in Moscow .
So I still have to do all the things myself .
But I am not worried .
I enjoy what I do .
It is like a game for me .
I discover new things and solve interesting problems .
Right now Chatroulette uses seven high - end servers all located in Frankfurt , Germany .
Network throughput is 7 gigabits a second .
I use various technologies to minimize bandwidth consumption .
But a lot of bandwidth is still consumed .
Bandwidth bills show sums which shock me as a teenager , but I am not very worried .
I am glad that people show attention to my project , and there were interesting offers I ’ve received that probably might help my project to survive and improve .
Advertising on Chatroulette is kept to a minimum , because there are a lot of sites full of advertisements , which distract you from what you want to do on those sites .
I also love minimalism .
That ’s why I have put only four links on the bottom as advertisements .
And what is interesting , is that these advertisements almost cover all expenses , just those four links on the bottom !
I think it ’s wonderful that I do not have to put a lot of advertisements on my site to keep it running .
I am not sure why it is so .
Maybe because Google AdSense ( the thing I use to show the advertisements ) shows links to various video chats .
I do n’t think this is a bad thing .
I actually think it is a good thing , because only people not interested or tired of using my site click those links , to explore other services .
I am aware that Chatroulette is popular in USA .
It is interesting , but I have never been to the USA myself .
Yet most of my site users come from it .
I would love to visit the United States .
I actually think that it would be best to found Chatroulette as a U.S. - based company .
But this is just an idea .
I have always wanted Chatroulette to be an international thing .
That ’s why I chose Germany for hosting , because it is in the middle between Russia and U.S.A .
It is also at the center of various backbone European networks .
I think this is a good place for hosting a project which connects people around the world with each other .
However , I am planning to get other servers in other countries soon .
With it I will add more interesting and “ weird ” ( in a good sense ) features which will make my site even more entertaining .
What is currently stopping me from adding other features which have been suggested by many and have been in my mind is that I am not even sure what Chatroulette is now .
Everyone finds his own way of using the site .
Some think it is a game , others think it is a whole unknown world , others think it is a dating service .
I think it ’s cool that such a simple concept can be useful for so many people .
Although some people are using the site in not very nice ways – I am really against it .
Others do really unbelievable things I could never think of .
They make up songs about strangers and sing to them , draw them , listen to music , broadcast them their own music .
Two groups of teenagers can party together .
That ’s just great in my opinion .
I am glad that I made this project and it is a pleasure for me to work on it .
Last year , Nintendo confirmed that DSiWare games bought from the DSi Shop were tethered to the handheld they were downloaded onto .
This DRM practice means that games bought on a particular DSi were locked to said device and would have to be repurchased at full price if owners buy a new DSi .
DSiWare games include such titles as WarioWare Snapped !.
If you buy a DSi XL , you 'll have to repurchase all DSiWare titles .
Sunday 's launch of the DSi XL raised the prospect that Nintendo might offer some sort of solution to let players transfer their DSiWare content to the larger - screen model or download it again for free .
No such luck , according to a Nintendo of America representative .
" No , the games and applications are specific to each system , not each user , " a spokesperson told GameSpot .
The forced repurchase of DSiWare content is unique amongst the current generation of dedicated gaming devices .
Games bought for the PSP and PlayStation 3 via the PlayStation Store can be re-downloaded for free , as can games bought on Xbox Live Marketplace .
However , if an Xbox 360 is replaced and its hard drive attached to a new console , the new console must be constantly connected to Xbox Live for the downloaded games to function outside of demo mode .
New Xbox 360 hard drives also come with a transfer cable that allows players to move content from one hard drive to another .
I have been talking about the Job Loss Recovery for quite some time .
Here are a few recent examples .
July 14 : Bernanke Sees Chance of Jobless Recovery
Given that the Fed 's first mission is to delay , confuse , hope , and otherwise attempt to buy time while engaging in wishful thinking along the way , that Bernanke is willing to admit this may be a jobless recovery is a sign that things will likely be at least that bad .
In other words , prepare for a job loss recovery .
Most know that I am in favor of an " L shaped recession " , but that definition includes a " WW " or even a " WWW " where the economy slips in and out of recession for a decade , as happened in Japan .
Job Loss Recovery
The last three recessions are unlike the eight preceding recessions .
For numerous reasons described below we are heading for another job loss recovery .
Job Loss Recovery Detail
click on chart for sharper image
If the pattern holds , unemployment will rise until 2011 or beyond .
So while everyone is tooting horns and cheering the end of the end of the recession before it has even ended , those graphs and comments from Bernanke himself will put the pending job loss Recovery into better perspective .
Rebounding Economy Shedding Jobs
Forget a jobless recovery .
The economy may be entering a recovery with job losses .
Third - quarter estimates this week are expected to show that the economy grew for the first time since the quarter ending in June 2008 .
Despite the estimated 3 percent expansion and a stock market that has been on a tear since March , hundreds of thousands of people are still being laid off each month .
Eight million jobs have been lost nationwide since the recession began two years ago , and by some measures workers face the worst job market since the Depression .
The average laid - off worker has been without a job for 61/2 months , a post - World War II record .
Many of those workers will never recover financially .
California 's hole , deepened by a state budget mess and volatile tax system , is far worse : Unemployment is at
12.2 percent , third highest in the nation ; and adding discouraged and part - time workers puts it over 20 percent .
" It 's not even a jobless recovery ; it 's a recovery with more job losses , " said UCLA economist Lee Ohanian .
" The idea of having essentially no net job creation after a remarkably severe recession is a real pathology for the U.S. economy . "
' Painfully weak ' job growth
Top White House economist Christina Romer of UC Berkeley told Congress on Thursday that employment growth could remain " painfully weak " through next year , and that the largest effect from the $ 787 billion stimulus enacted in February , mainly aid to states , is past .
By mid-2010 , she said , the stimulus will no longer contribute to growth .
Alarms are ringing at the White House and in Congress .
But with a mind - boggling $ 1.4 trillion deficit this year , Democrats have used up their bullets .
The word stimulus has such a bad connotation that the term has been banished from new efforts to goose the economy and help workers
Employment mystery
Economists are puzzled as to why job growth has slowed , citing everything from higher health care costs , to higher productivity , to Chinese currency manipulation .
" The answer is , we do n't know , " said Tim Bartik , a liberal economist with the Upjohn Institute for Employment Research in Michigan who is proposing a tax credit for employers who hire new workers .
There Is No Mystery
Tax Credits And Other Bad Ideas
University of Maryland economist Peter Morici said the administration 's efforts to restore growth by directing spending to such things as alternative energy are too expensive for the number of jobs created and ignore larger problems in the economy .
" You can't grow with a huge trade deficit , " Morici said .
" If you do n't revalue the Chinese yuan against the dollar you can't get out of this mess , and if you do n't do something about oil imports you can't get out of this mess .
Industrial policies wo n't fix it . "
More nonsense has been written about balances of payments than about virtually any other aspect of economics .
Most economists are of the view that the ever - growing US trade deficit and the subsequent expanding foreign debt pose a threat to the well - being of Americans .
What is then required , so it is held , is to set in motion policies that will help curtail the widening trade imbalances between the United States and the rest of the world .
Focusing on the trade deficit as the supposedly major problem of the US economy only diverts the attention from the real culprit , which is the US central bank .
What matters for the process of wealth formation is the flow of real savings .
The balance of payments statement does n't provide such information .
Consequently , it is not possible to determine the implications of a given state of the current account on the well - being of Americans without information regarding the state of the flow of real savings .
Therefore various pessimistic assessments regarding the US economy , which are based on the state of the balance of payments , are likely to be without much foundation .
Scientists are reporting the first - ever data to show that the enzyme calcineurin is critical in controlling normal development and function of heart cells , and that loss of the protein leads to heart problems and death in genetically modified mice .
Published Feb. 26 in the Journal of Biological Chemistry as the paper of the week , and posted online Feb. 19 , the research was led by scientists at Cincinnati Children 's Hospital Medical Center and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
The study demonstrates that calcineurin in hearts of mice is directly linked to proper cardiac muscle contraction , rhythm and maintenance of heart activity .
The near total absence of calcineurin in mice leads to heart arrhythmia , failure and death , according to the research team .
Scientists knew previously that calcineurin is important to heart function , but the extent of its role had not been defined prior to the current study .
Although the research involved mice , it offers important insights for future studies that could lead to new approaches in diagnosis and treatment of heart patients , said Marjorie Maillet , Ph.D. , the study 's first author .
" We found that when you eliminate calcineurin , a pool of genes that regulates calcium in the heart went awry .
This leads to defects in the growth and proliferation of heart cells , heart disease , arrhythmia , loss of contractility and heart failure and disease , " said Dr. Maillet .
Calcium is also important to cardiac growth and the contraction of heart muscle .
Previous studies have linked abnormalities in calcium handling to cardiac disease , especially in adults .
In mice genetically bred for calcineurin deficiency , the researchers saw that this deficiency causes a dramatic reduction in the expression of genes that coordinately regulate calcium - handling and contraction .
The scientists also report a newly identified " feed - forward " mechanism , in which the direct activation of calcineurin by calcium augments the expression of genes that regulate calcium - handling proteins in the heart .
Dr. Maillet works in the laboratory of the study 's senior investigator , Jeffery Molkentin , Ph.D. , a researcher in the division of Molecular Cardiovascular Biology at Cincinnati Children 's and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator .
Dr. Molkentin's laboratory and division are also part of the Cincinnati Children 's Heart Institute .
Also collaborating on the study were researchers from the University Paris - Sud , Châtenay - Malabry , France and the department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology at the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine .
Funding support for the study came from the National Institutes of Health , the Howard Hughes Medical Institute , the Ohio Valley Affiliate of the American Heart Association and a collaborative research grant in cardiovascular disease from the Fondation Leducq .
Associated Press / Abraham Lincoln Book Shop
Abraham Lincoln wrote the letter , an election year paean to the Methodist church , in 1864 , at the height of his rhetorical powers , after the Gettysburg Address and before his second inaugural speech .
Yet to the modern eye , the letter suffers from some all - too human flaws .
City Room readers were given the chance on Tuesday to inspect the letter , which resurfaced this week when federal agents found it in the dorm room of a Drew University freshman since charged with stealing treasures from the school archives .
As elegant as it is short , the letter appears to contain at least one glaring grammatical gaffe , and readers were invited to weigh in .
More than 100 obligingly pointed out questions of grammar , punctuation , usage and style .
Many readers found fault with Lincoln ’s seeming failure ( the handwriting is smudgy ) to insert an apostrophe in the word “ nations ” to signal the possessive case , and with his inclusion of an apostrophe in the phrase “ it ’s greater numbers , ’’ which calls for the possessive pronoun “ its , ” rather than “ it ’s , ” a word more commonly read as a contraction for “ it is . ”
Some readers thought the phrase “ I would utter nothing which ” ought to be “ I would utter nothing that . ”
Some argued that the opening sentence and the one that begins “ nobly sustained ” contained dependent clauses that failed to modify their subjects .
And some thought Lincoln improperly omitted the word “ to ” after the word “ attest ” and before the words “ endorse ” and “ thank ” in the first sentence .
Still others quibbled with one of the more striking sentences in the letter , Lincoln ’s statement that the Methodist church “ sends more soldiers to the field , more nurses to the hospitals and more prayers to Heaven than any . ”
These readers complained that the sentence is nonsensical , since it implies that the Methodist church does more than whatever it , in fact , does .
They recommended adding the words “ others ” or “ other churches ’ ’ at the end of the sentence to correct the faulty comparison .
None of which make the letter any less dazzling to Harold Holzer , a leading authority on Lincoln and the chairman of the Abraham Lincoln Bicentennial Commission .
“ Listen , ’’ he said , “ Lincoln was not the best speller in the world . ”
Mr. Holzer described how the president wrote , without the aid of secretaries , about 10 letters a day , filling out much of an eight - volume set of his collected writings , and how he struggled with words like “ inaugural , ” which he often spelled the way he pronounced it , and “ shadow , ” which he tended to give an extra “ d . ”
Perhaps , because he had the unity of a divided nation on his mind , Lincoln did not notice that he had spelled his own name wrong in one letter , according to Mr. Holzer .
“ If President Abraham Lincoln had a spell checker , he never would have written the Gettysburg Address , ’’ Mr. Holzer added , noting that electronic spell checkers typically flag the back - to - back usage of “ that , ” which appears in at least one rendition of the speech in the phrase “ as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live , ” as a no - no .
Patricia T. O’Conner , the author of “ Woe is I , ” a much - respected guide to proper English , sided with those readers who cut Lincoln some slack .
“ I assume you ’re referring to Lincoln ’s use of ‘ it ’s ’ as a possessive instead of ‘ its , ’ ” she told On the Records , when approached for assistance in judging the reader challenge .
“ Although this is a clear error in our day , it was n’t always so .
The possessive of ‘ it ’ was originally ‘ it ’s . ’
And that was the most common form in print in the 17th and 18th centuries .
For much of this time , however , ‘ its ’ was also used as the possessive , and even grammarians could n’t agree on what was correct .
The two forms fought it out in the early 19th century .
The writings of Thomas Jefferson , Adam Smith and Jane Austen all have examples of the possessive ‘ it ’s . ’
But by the time Lincoln wrote that letter , the unapostrophized ‘ its ’ was the predominant form .
So yes , Lincoln was a bit behind the times on this one . ”
She also said that “ the distinction we now observe between ‘ that ’ and ‘ which ’ is largely a late 19th and early 20th - century invention .
The two words , she reported , “ were used interchangeably by many distinguished writers in Lincoln ’s time . ’’
As for the talk of misplaced modifiers in both the opening sentence and in the one that begins “ nobly sustained , ’’ she dismissed it .
They are perfectly correct , as written , she said .
She also came to Lincoln ’s defense over his omission of the word “ to ” in three spots in the opening sentence and on other lesser issues raised by readers .
She said , “ The verb ‘ attest ’ does not require the preposition ‘ to . ’
And when Lincoln writes ‘ to attest , ’ he need not repeat the infinitive marker ‘ to ’ before the other infinitives in the series , ‘ endorse ’ and ‘ thank . ’
Finally , punctuation conventions were different in the mid-19th century . ’’
She did conclude that the concern about the nonsensical construction in the sentence about the Methodists ’ impact on the battlefield , in hospitals and in Heaven , raised by Readers No. 7 , No. 26 , No. 35 , No. 48 and No. 51 , “ appears to be valid . ”
“ Lincoln should have written ‘ any other ’ or ‘ any other churches , ’ ” she concluded .
To Reader No. 67 , meanwhile , who spotted an erroneous date in the prosecutors ’ news release about the criminal case , in a mention of another letter by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt , and Reader No. 60 , who spotted an extra comma in my transcription of Lincoln ’s closing sentence , well done .
To them and all our other readers , thanks for keeping Honest Abe – and the rest of us – honest .
De 12 - jarige Milly Boele is vorige week woensdagavond om het leven gebracht en begraven door de verdachte agent .
Dat heeft hoofdofficier van justitie Van de Beek zojuist op een persconferentie bekendgemaakt .
Sander V. is aangeklaagd voor moord en ontvoering .
Het is niet bekend wat het motief was , ook is niet bekend of er sprake was van seksueel misbruik .
Het lichaam van Milly is inmiddels uit de tuin weggehaald .
Er wordt vandaag sectie verricht .
Buurtonderzoek
Het onderzoek van de politie richtte zich in eerste instantie op de bewoners in de buurt omdat Milly over de telefoon tegen haar moeder had gezegd dat er een buurman voor de deur stond .
Ze vroeg haar moeder daarop later terug te bellen .
Dat was woensdagavond om 17.30 uur .
Bij thuiskomst van de moeder van Milly bleek ze verdwenen .
Haar moeder heeft de politie direct verteld dat er een buurman aan de deur was .
De politie zag geen noodzaak om direct buurtonderzoek te doen .
Volgens Hoofdofficier van Justitie Van de Beek waren er nog veel andere opties .
Agent Tijdens het buurtonderzoek van de politie viel Sander V. op omdat hij niet op alle vragen antwoord kon geven .
Zaterdagavond werd duidelijk dat de man werkzaam is als agent bij het korps Rotterdam - Rijnmond in district Noord .
Hij was surveillant en werkte vijf jaar bij de politie .
Sander V. meldde zich dinsdag op aandringen van zijn vriendin bij de politie en bekende
Milly te hebben gedood en in zijn tuin te hebben begraven .
Hij had zijn vriendin vlak daarvoor over zijn daad verteld .
Amber Alert
De vermissing kreeg landelijke aandacht door een grote zoekactie die de volgende dag op touw werd gezet .
Tot en met dinsdagmiddag kreeg de politie in Dordrecht 250 tips binnen die niets leken op te leveren .
Er was ook kritiek op het optreden van de politie .
Zo zou het Ambert Alert , het landelijke waarschuwingssysteem voor vermiste kinderen , te laat zijn ingezet .
Milly 's vermissing werd na 17 uur doorgegeven , de informatie ging vergezeld van een relatief oude foto .
EB Games Joins Campaign For R18 + Rating For Videogames
EB Games , Australia ’s largest videogame retailer , has now officially thrown its support behind the campaign for the introduction of an R18 + classification for games .
Yesterday we saw the in - store posters telling Australia to grow up and today we have the official word .
EB has announced that in all 350 EB Games stores across Australia customers will be able to sign a petition that will be used to lobby the Government to introduce an R18 + classification category for computer games .
The petition can also be viewed and signed online at the EB Games website .
EB has moved to petition the Government in response to the discussion paper on videogame classification released for public consultation in December .
Managing director Steve Wilson says EB is launching this campaign because “ our customers asked us to . ”
“ With the release of the Government ’s discussion paper , we knew as a company that we needed to act on this issue as it continues to cripple our industry and cost local jobs , ” Wilson says .
“ We did however want to be sure that our customers were as passionate about the matter as we are . ”
Throughout January the EB website had been polling its customers on the issue .
Of the more than 50,000 people who responded , 84 % said they were in favour of an R18 + rating for games .
“ Our customers have sent us a message loud and clear that this is an issue that needs to be addressed and we only get one shot at this , ” says Wilson .
“ Once this Government paper is closed , it could be many years before we get another chance to voice our opinion on this issue .
The time to be heard is now .
“ This is not a call for violent video games , but rather a call for a better classification system that brings Australia in line with the rest of the world and other Australian entertainment industries , such as films . ”
To sign the petition and have your voice heard , head into your local EB Games store or visit the EB Games website .
The campaign will run until February 14 to ensure all submissions are made before the Government ’s deadline of February 28 .
UPDATE : The online petition is currently down .
According to EB ’s twitter : “ slight issue with the online petition for now – but keep signing in - store ! will inform when the online petition is working again … ”
UPDATE : The petition is back up !
Here ’s the direct link .
What should you do first , cardiovascular endurance exercise or weight lifting ?
Or does the exercise order even matter ?
The answer really depends on what you are trying to accomplish .
Exercise order may matter if you are trying to achieve a specific goal , such as building strength , increasing endurance , or improving sports skills , or if you have an extremely high level of fitness already .
But for the recreational athlete , it may simply come down to which order you prefer .﻿﻿
Exercise Order Recommendations
There is n't any special magic in exercise order , but some reasons it may matter have to do with the available energy for exercise , the causes of muscle fatigue , and the risk of injury during exercise .
In general , the exercise you perform when you have adequate energy is performed at a higher intensity with more focus and efficiency .
Exercise you perform when your energy supplies are low is less effective and more likely to result in injury .﻿﻿
Most recreational athletes can avoid this question altogether by doing cardio and weight training on different days .
Another option is to do both endurance and strength training at the same time with interval training or circuit training routines that give a full - body workout in limited time .
Even though there is no magic in exercise order , some things seem to work better than others .
If you have specific goals , use the following advice regarding exercise order .
If Your Goal Is Improving Overall Health
To improve overall health , it really does n't matter if you lift weights first or do endurance training first .﻿﻿
In fact , you can do both at the same time with interval training or circuit training routines or you can alternate weightlifting and endurance days if you prefer .
If Your Goal Is Increasing Cardiovascular Endurance
In order to build and maintain cardiovascular endurance , you should perform endurance exercise first , when you have plenty of energy for long - distance exercise .
﻿ ﻿ Add resistance exercises two to three times a week , either after or separate from the endurance work in order to develop muscular strength and reduce your risk of injury .
Lifting prior to running is not recommended because you might increase your risk of injury during running due to muscle fatigue .﻿﻿
Refueling and staying hydrated is important when switching from cardio to resistance exercises in the same session .
Cardio exercise will have depleted the fuel in your muscles ( glycogen ) .
A suggestion is to have half a bottle of sports drink to provide the muscle glycogen you will need to perform well in a weights workout .
If Your Goal Is Increasing Muscle Size and Strength
Two 2018 reviews of studies found that if your goal is to develop lower - body dynamic strength , doing your strength training before cardio may be more effective .
These studies found no difference in either sequence for static lower - body strength , increasing muscle size , reducing body fat , or building aerobic capacity .﻿﻿
There has long been a belief , with some support from research , that endurance exercise has an interference effect for increasing muscle size ( muscular hypertrophy ) .﻿﻿
The recommendation you will often see is to lift weights first when the body 's main source of energy for muscle contraction ( glycogen ) is high .
If you do a hard cardio workout before lifting , you deplete glycogen , which might make the workout ineffective .
However , some current research reviews suggest the interference effect may be minor or absent .﻿﻿
If that is the case , the sequence does not matter .
If Your Goal Is Burning Calories for Fat Loss
The best way to lose body fat is to combine endurance exercise and resistance exercise .
One powerful way to achieve this is through high - intensity interval training ( HIIT ) , which combines short , high - intensity bursts interspersed with slow recovery phases .
In addition to increased fat burning and weight loss , research published in the Journal of Sports Science found HIIT increases the production of human growth hormone ( HGH ) by up to 450 percent and the effect can last up to 24 hours after a workout .
HGH helps speed tissue repair , improve muscle and skin tone , and build lean muscle mass .﻿﻿
Adding HIIT to your workout can be done in a few different ways .
You can alternate short but intense bursts of weight training ( 10 seconds to 3 minutes ) with longer periods of light walking or marching in place , such as 30 seconds of weights followed by 2 to 3 minutes of light walking .
Likewise , you can alternate between short , intense bursts of cardio and light weight training .
If Your Goal Is to Improve Specific Sports Skills
​ If you are training for a specific sport , you 'll need to design your training to accommodate the needs of that sport .
Whether you do resistance or endurance training first depends on the requirements of the sport , your current level of fitness and your overall goals .
If you are n't sure what is the best type of training for your sport , it 's helpful to enlist the expertise of a coach or personal trainer .
Elite athletes perform a specific exercise order that encompasses days , weeks and months .
Sport - specific training follows the competitive season and is carefully designed so that athletes will ​ " peak " at the height of the season .
Their training builds from a general foundation of overall fitness and becomes focused on specific skills , movements , and even psychological components in order to provide an edge over the competition .﻿﻿
These programs look like a pyramid and cover the entire spectrum of fitness ( strength , endurance , flexibility , agility , psychology , etc ... ) over the course of a season .
If Your Goal Is to Exercise Consistently
In order to stick with exercise , it needs to fit into your daily routine and lifestyle .
It also has to feel good to you .
For this reason , it is helpful to pick the type of exercise , the order of exercise and the time of exercise according to what works best for your body .
You may be naturally inclined to feel best if you do endurance exercise first and then do weights .
You may also find that your body responds best when you lift weights at one time of the day and go for a run at another .
It 's OK to let your body , mood or interest determine when you exercise .
A gay rights group has recently been formed in Malawi Two gay men arrested in Malawi after getting engaged have pleaded not guilty to charges of gross public indecency .
Tiwonge Chimbalanga and Steven Monjeza appeared at a packed court in Malawi 's biggest city Blantyre , where they will ask for bail on Monday .
The pair held a traditional engagement ceremony over the weekend - believed to be the first gay couple in Malawi to start the process of getting married .
Homosexual acts carry a maximum prison sentence of 14 years in Malawi .
The BBC's Raphael Tenthani in Blantyre says large crowds of onlookers went to see the couple in court .
People are exaggerating this thing .
I may just as well dissolve this marriage
Steven Monjeza
He says some people congratulated them but other shouted insults .
Prosecutors say they will send the pair to hospital to prove they have had sex together .
They face three charges of unnatural practices between males and gross indecency .
Mr Monjeza , 26 , hinted that he may consider calling off the proposed wedding , as he was sent back to prison .
" I am sad I am going back to Chichiri Prison , " he said .
" The condition are terrible there .
People are exaggerating this thing .
I may just as well dissolve this marriage . "
Mr Chimbalanga , 20 , dressed in women 's clothes , refused to speak to journalists , beyond accusing them of writing " stupid " things .
They were arrested on Monday at the home they share .
Malawi is a deeply conservative society but recently a group of campaigners came together to form a gay rights organisation , Centre for the Development of People ( CEDEP ) .
CEDEP 's executive director , Gift Trapence , says the laws used to arrest the couple are invalid because they are against the Bill of Rights enshrined in the 1995 constitution .
Correspondents say some voices in government have also started to call for more openness about homosexuality as the authorities try to tackle high rates of HIV / Aids .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Long Term Evolution , a new mobile telecommunications standard , is poised to revolutionize mobile Internet .
High transmission rates will soon be possible on mobile devices .
For this purpose Fraunhofer researchers at HHI Berlin developed the cross -layer design SVC over LTE -- a coding method that offers HD films in real - time in the appropriate format for cell phones or netbooks .
The experts are presenting their solution in a live demonstration at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona .
Clumsy page layouts , slow page load times of podcasts and videos : Today 's mobile surfing on the Internet can be really a hassle .
The available bandwidths on mobile phone networks vary widely , due to the number and mobility of the users , the location within the mobile network cell , or the capacity of the terminal .
Particularly in bandwidth - intensive services , like video streaming , transmissions are frequently subject to disconnections , gaps or interruptions .
The mobile telecommunications standard of tomorrow -- Long Term Evolution , or LTE for short -- will change everything .
It has a higher performance capacity than UMTS , and reaches download speeds being comparable to landline - based DSL broadband network .
Not only e-mails and Internet traffic , particularly videos and mobile television benefit from LTE as the breakthrough for mobile Internet technology .
The " Multicore SVC Real - time Encoder " encodes a basic version of the video , the base layer , and places several enhancement layers in the SVC bit stream next to the base layer in one single processing step .
Partial decoding of the scalable bit stream allows graceful degradation and bit rate , format and power adaptation .
LTE can now use a higher error protection to transmit the base layer .
Thus , each mobile terminal can always decode the basic version of the video stream and guarantees the transmission of video services everywhere and for every given point of time .
Under good network conditions , the mobile user can benefit from premium video quality by decoding additional enhancement layers .
The cross-layer design SVC over LTE , an invention by the scientists at the Fraunhofer Institute for Telecommunications , Heinrich Hertz Institute HHI in Berlin , are making high - resolution video encoding over LTE a reality .
" SVC over LTE " responds to variable user demands with great flexibility , and enables for the first time seamless adaptive communication without annoying disruptions .
Current postage stamp - sized , hiccupping video streams will be a thing of the past .
JB Hi-Fi's website was redirecting customers to malicious web pages over the weekend in a cyber attack that appears to have affected several other Australian websites in the lead - up to Christmas .
The exact details of the attack are not yet clear as the retailer has refused to comment but users first started reporting problems on Friday night .
Visitors to jbhifi.com .au reported being automatically redirected to Chinese websites carrying malware .
Similar issues affected JB Hi-Fi's New Zealand website , which is hosted on the same server .
Those with anti-virus software and fully patched internet browsers would have been alerted to the security issue upon visiting the page but people without up - to - date protection could be infected without even knowing .
Separately , one of the most popular Australian online communities for computer enthusiasts , Overclockers Australia , has been offline for several days due to technical issues .
The site last week asked users to change their passwords due to a security scare .
By Jonathan Beale
BBC News
Sir Jock said chiefs did not have time to get everything they wanted for Iraq
This week the Chief of Defence Staff , Air Chief Marshal Sir Jock Stirrup , told the Iraq inquiry that the rush to war had left British troops without vital equipment .
The defence Green Paper being published on Wednesday is the first step towards trying to avoid such mistakes in the future .
It will set out the challenges facing Britain 's armed services and the MoD .
However , it will not provide all the answers .
The really difficult decisions , such as how much the UK should spend on defence and which services - Navy , Army or Royal Air Force - will be the winners or losers , are not going to be decided until after the general election in a strategic defence review .
The most important question raised by the Green Paper is : " What does Britain want to do in the world ? "
What next ?
Should it be focused on homeland defence or global expeditions ?
Should it aim to resolve or contain potential conflicts ?
What partnerships should the UK have with other countries ?
And how much of its wealth should Britain spend on defence ?
In other words , it will frame the defence debate about Britain 's place in the world - what Britain wants to do , what it can do , and what it can not afford to do .
The Green Paper makes it clear that the status quo is unsustainable : " We cannot proceed with all the activity and preparation we currently aspire to , while simultaneously supplying our current operations and investing in the new capacity we need , " it states .
Plans are nothing , planning is everything
General Dwight Eisenhower
UK defence thinking to be set out Send us your comments
It also acknowledges past mistakes and lessons learnt .
The last strategic defence review - published in 1998 - envisaged that British forces could be used with speed : " Go first , go fast and go home " .
It is an assessment that has proved false .
Iraq and Afghanistan have shown that British forces are just as likely to get caught up in a long campaign .
The Green Paper says that in the future politicians and the military top brass must think very carefully before engaging in a military operation .
The trouble with the Green Paper is that it will seem - to many - like an academic exercise .
It will not deal directly with the practical issues of how much Britain spends on the armed forces , or what kind of hardware the MOD should invest in .
For example , should Britain be spending more than £ 4bn on two new aircraft carriers ?
The document only raises the questions surrounding those very difficult decisions .
' Wide range of adversaries '
But the Green Paper is still important , given that it is now more than a decade since Britain properly reviewed its defence priorities .
The US carries out a defence review every four years .
The Pentagon published its latest " Quadrennial Defense Review " just this week .
It shows Britain and America are reaching similar conclusions - that their military needs to be adaptable and agile ; that there is no monolithic threat , and that they need to rebalance resources with risks .
Such debates are important .
As General Eisenhower once said : " Plans are nothing , planning is everything . "
The big difference , of course , is that Britain cannot afford to spend anywhere near what America spends on defence .
The Pentagon talks of the need for a " portfolio " of military capabilities against a " wide range " of adversaries .
Britain 's MoD can only dream .
The likelihood is that there will have to be cuts in the defence budget after the election .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( Newser ) – The H1N1 pandemic has been less deadly than a normal flu season , but the infection has claimed the lives of far younger victims , the CDC announced today .
The outbreak killed 17,000 Americans , far less than the 36,000 who die during an average flu season .
But in a normal flu season , 90 % of victims are elderly .
This time , the reverse was true ; Between 880 and 1,800 of those killed in the outbreak were children , and up to 13,000 more were adults under the age of 65 .
( Read more H1N1 virus stories . )
Reddit Email 0 Shares
It appears that , the International Atomic Energy Agency is at least allowing for the possibility that documents allegedly found on a laptop some years ago –but discounted by the US Central Intelligence Agency and the Defense Intelligence Agency as of dubious provenance and incompatible with other intelligence gathered in Iran — point to a nuclear weapons program that no one has been able to locate .
Some close observers have concluded that the laptop documents are forgeries .
A new IAEA report that declines to dismiss the alleged documents will certainly cause the war lobby in the United States to redouble its efforts to get up an attack on Iran .
Forged documents on the supposed purchase of yellowcake uranium by Iraq from Niger were used by George W. Bush to promote a war on Iraq .
It was at that time the Intelligence and Research division of the Department of State that attempted to throw cold water on these “ documents , ” but was ignored by the president .
Then head of the IAEA , Mohammed Elbaradei , was able to show them false in one afternoon .
The UN inspectors have a right to be frustrated with Iran , which has allowed inspections of its Natanz nuclear enrichment site , but which has not been completely transparent or adhered to the letter of its obligations under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
But the sum of those frustrations does not point to a nuclear weapons program , unlike the disputed laptop documents .
In statements to the press this fall , US intelligence officials have said that they stand behind the conclusions first reached in 2007 , that Iran has no nuclear weapons program .
The Obama administration wants stricter sanctions on Iran , and the Sarah Palin / Daniel Pipes lunatic fringe wants a military attack on Iran .
But Russia ’s General of the Army Nikolay Makarov , Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation , warned that an American attack on Iran now , when the US is bogged down in two wars , might well lead to the collapse of the United States .
He said that such an attack would roil the region and have negative consequences for Russia ( a neighbor of Iran via the Caspian Sea ) .
And , he said , the Russian military is taking steps to forestall such an American strike on Iran .
Makarov made the remarks in Vzglyad on Friday , February 19 , 2010 , and they were translated or paraphrased by the USG Open Source Center :
‘ Makarov also commented on the recent rumors about the possibility of an attack upon Iran by the United States .
In his opinion , this would be complete madness on the part of the American military .
He said : “ Admiral Michael McMullen , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , recently said that , in the United States , there is a plan for carrying out strikes against Iran but the United States clearly understands that now , when it is conducting two military campaigns , one in Iraq and the other in Afghanistan , a third campaign against Iran would simply lead to a collapse .
It would not be able to withstand the strain . ”
Nevertheless , in proportion to the winding down of the campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan , ( the plan for ) a war with the Islamic Republic of Iran , in the opinion of General Makarov , may again come out to the foreground .
General Makarov , Chief of the General Staff , said : “ The consequences of such an attack will be terrible not only for the region but also for us .
Iran is our neighbor and we are very carefully following this situation .
The leadership of our country is undertaking all measures in order not to allow such a ( military ) development of events . ” ‘
The less potentially catastrophic path , tougher United Nations Security Council sanctions , however , depend on Russia and China going along .
Despite Washington ’s optimism that Russia is softening toward the idea of stricter sanctions , Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov cast the severest doubts on that idea on Friday .
In a radio interview on Friday with Ekho Moskvy Radio , which was translated by the USG Open Source Center , Lavrov was asked , “ What is the situation with Iran ’s foreign policy today ?
And is it true that we now have as a whole a united position with the United States on Iran ? ”
The foreign minister replied , “ I do n’t think that we have a united position . ”
He said that both Washington and Moscow agree on the importance of not allowing “ a violation of the regime of nonproliferation of nuclear weapons . ”
He said the two countries have the same position on this issue , “ although we do not coincide 100 per cent in methods of implementing it . ”
So what Lavrov is saying is that the US and Russia do not actually have a common position or agree on really tough sanctions .
They just both have a vague similar position that proliferation is bad .
Lavrov said that Moscow ’s independent stance toward Iran is rooted in the two countries ’ historical relationship as well as in Russian desire to get Iranian cooperation on such issues as the disposition of resources in the Caspian Sea .
( For a quick overview of Russian - Iranian relations , see N.M. Mamedova , who also mentions Iran ’s tacit support for Russia against Georgia in the Caucasus . )
Lavrov said :
‘ But Iran for us , unlike the US , is a close neighbour , a country with which we have had a very long , historically conditioned relationship , a country with which we cooperate in the economic , humanitarian and military - technology fields alike and , let me note this particularly , a country that is our partner in the Caspian along with three other Caspian littoral states .
Therefore , we are not at all indifferent to what happens in Iran and around it .
This applies to our economic interests and our security interests alike .
This also applies . . . to the task of early settlement of the legal status of the Caspian Sea , which is not an easy task and in the approaches to which the Iranian position is close enough to ours .
Therefore , speaking of the proliferation threats , yes , we are concerned about Iran ’s reaction . ‘
Lavrov is less convinced there is anything sinister about Iran ’s civilian nuclear research , though he admits that questions remain :
‘ in the process of work , questions arose both from the IAEA ’s inspectors themselves and on the basis of the intelligence which the IAEA obtains from various countries .
They were questions that aroused suspicion as to whether there might in reality be some military aspects to Iran ’s nuclear programme .
These questions were presented to the Iranians , as required by the procedures applicable in such cases .
And , some time ago , Iran answered most of them .
In principle , its answers were satisfactory , in a way that was considered by the professionals in Vienna normal .
However , some of the questions are still on the table . ‘
So Lavrov thinks Iran ’s answers are largely ‘ satisfactory , ’ though there remain small areas of uncertainty .
Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu was in Moscow earlier this week calling for ‘ crippling sanctions on Iran . ’
Lavrov ’s remarks clearly indicated that Moscow disagreed that that situation was so perilous as to call for such a step .
But just to be sure there was no misunderstanding , Lavrov sent out his own deputy foreign minister , Sergei Ryabkov , to denounce any such talk .
Ryabkov said , according to Xinhua , “ The term ‘ crippling sanctions ’ on Iran is totally unacceptable to us .
The sanctions should aim at strengthening the regime of non- proliferation . . .
We certainly cannot talk about sanctions that could be interpreted as punishment on the whole country and its people for some actions or inaction . . . ” He said that Russia sought to settle differences with Iran through dialogue and engagement .
He also pledged that Russia would honor its deal to provide Iran S - 300 air defense systems .
He said , “ There is a contract to supply these systems to Iran and we will fulfil it .
The delays are linked to technical problems with adjusting these systems . . . “
So on Friday , even as the hawks in Washington watered at the mouth at the prospect of being able to use the new IAEA report as a basis for belligerency against Iran , Russia ’s foreign policy establishment was engaged in a whirlwind of activity aimed at challenging the notion that Moscow is was in Washington ’s back pocket on Iran sanctions .
The chief of staff predicted American collapse in an Iran conflagration , and vowed in any case to try to block any such attack .
The foreign minister pronounced himself largely but not completely satisfied with Iran ’s answers concerning its nuclear activities , and underlined that Russia needs Iran because of Caspian issues ( and he could have added , because of Caucasus and Central Asian ones ) .
And then the deputy foreign minister was enlisted to slap Netanyahu around a little , presumably on the theory that it would sting less coming from someone with ‘ deputy ’ in his title .
Those who have argued that Russia ’s increasing willingness to acquiesce in tougher UNSC sanctions might influence China to go along , too , should rethink .
Russia does n’t seem all that aboard with a brutal sanctions regime .
China not only has its own reasons not to want its own deals with Iran to be declared illegal , but its leaders doubt Iran has the capacity to construct a nuclear warhead anytime soon .
Postscript :
The head of Iran ’s nuclear program , interviewed on Aljazeera , warns the US against pressuring Iran .
End / ( Not Continued )
ATLANTA  Anti-abortion groups have erected scores of billboards here with an alarming message : “ Black children are an endangered species . ”
The groups responsible insist that they are not exaggerating , despite contrary federal data .
The billboards , which show a close - up of a worried - looking African - American boy , are an effort to highlight data showing that black women get a disproportionate number of abortions , especially in Georgia , and that the number in Georgia is increasing .
“ The impact of abortion has become so great that it has begun to impact our fertility rate , ” said Catherine Davis , the minority outreach coordinator for Georgia Right to Life , the state ’s main anti-abortion group , which has sponsored the billboards in partnership with the Radiance Foundation , a group based in Atlanta that encourages adoption .
The billboards  there are 65 now and will eventually be 80 , Ms. Davis said  were created in conjunction with a new Web site , www.toomanyaborted.com, which says that all of Georgia ’s abortion clinics are in “ urban areas where blacks reside . ”
The Web site connects abortion to segregation , saying that after the civil rights era , racists went “ underground , ” and that today “ abortion is the tool they use to stealthily target blacks for extermination . ”
Despite steep odds , the White House has discussed prospects for reviving a major overhaul of the nation ’s immigration laws , a commitment that President Obama has postponed once already .
Obama took up the issue privately with his staff Monday in a bid to advance a bill through Congress before lawmakers become too distracted by approaching midterm elections .
In the session , Obama and members of his Domestic Policy Council outlined ways to resuscitate the effort in a White House meeting with two senators -- Democrat Charles E. Schumer of New York and Republican Lindsey Graham of South Carolina -- who have spent months trying to craft a bill .
According to a person familiar with the meeting , the White House may ask Schumer and Graham to at least produce a blueprint that could be turned into legislative language .
The basis of a bill would include a path toward citizenship for the 10.8 million people living in the U.S. illegally .
Citizenship would not be granted lightly , the White House said .
Undocumented workers would need to register , pay taxes and pay a penalty for violating the law .
Failure to comply might result in deportation .
Nick Shapiro , a White House spokesman , said the president ’s support for an immigration bill , which would also include improved border security , was “ unwavering . ”
Participants in the White House gathering also pointed to an immigration rally set for March 21 in Washington as a way to spotlight the issue and build needed momentum .
Though proponents of an immigration overhaul were pleased that the White House was n’t abandoning the effort , they also wanted Obama to take on a more assertive role , rather than leave it to Congress to work out a compromise .
Immigration is a delicate issue for the White House .
After promising to revamp in his first year of office what many see as a fractured system , Obama risks angering a growing , politically potent Latino constituency if he defers the goal until 2011 .
But with the healthcare debate still unresolved , Democrats are wary of plunging into another polarizing issue .
“ Right now we have a little problem with the ‘ Chicken Little ’ mentality :
The sky is falling and consequently we ca n’t do anything , ” Rep. Raul M. Grijalva ( D - Ariz . ) said in an interview .
Republicans are unlikely to cooperate .
On Capitol Hill , Republicans said that partisan tensions had only gotten worse since Obama signaled this week that he would push forward with a healthcare bill , whether he could get GOP votes or not .
Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R - Ala . ) said in an interview , “ The things you hear from the administration wo n’t be well received . ”
Schumer , speaking as he walked quickly through the Capitol , said he was having trouble rounding up Republican supporters apart from Graham .
“ It ’s tough finding someone , but we ’re trying , ” Schumer said .
On Thursday , Schumer met with Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , who oversees the government ’s immigration efforts , to strategize over potential Republican co-sponsors .
“ We ’re very hopeful we can get a bill done .
We have all the pieces in place .
We just need a second Republican , ” Schumer said in a statement .
Among proponents , there is a consensus that a proposal must move by April or early May to have a realistic chance of passing this year .
If that deadline slips , Congress ’ focus is likely to shift to the November elections , making it impossible to take up major legislation .
“ There ’s no question that this is a heavy lift and the window is narrowing , ” said Janet Murguia , president and chief executive of the National Council of La Raza , a Latino advocacy group .
When it comes to immigration , Obama ’s strategy echoes that of healthcare .
He has deferred heavily to Congress , leaving it up to Schumer and Graham to reach a breakthrough with the idea that he would put his weight behind the resulting compromise .
peter.nicholas@
latimes.com
Developers , developers , developers , developers , developers , developers .
Recruiting a ton of them to create a rich app experience for Windows Phone 7 Series is going to be Microsoft 's toughest challenge if it wants to get its groove back in the mobile space .
Demonstrated last week , Microsoft 's new mobile operating system Windows Phone 7 Series looks elegant and immaculate compared to its predecessors .
The OS blends together Xbox Live gaming , Zune multimedia , personal media ( photos and videos ) , social media utilities , productivity tools and third - party apps , which are organized into categories called " Hubs . "
Even so , a neatly packed user interface does n't fully address the fundamental weakness of the previous Windows Mobile OS : a fragmented platform that made coding and selling apps for Windows Mobile a challenge for smaller developers .
In other words , Microsoft has long lacked the sort of widespread , enthusiastic support from independent developers – not just enterprise coders within large organizations – that made the iPhone and its App Store a blockbuster innovation .
" They 've been doing such a miserable job for a while now , " said Peter Hoddie , CEO of Kinoma , which creates software that makes Windows Mobile easier for users to navigate .
" I would be thrilled if they could turn it all around and tell a story that makes sense , but they have a long way to go . "
To help address fragmentation , Microsoft said on Feb. 15 that it would be more involved in the hardware design process of its partners ' phones running Windows Phone 7 Series .
Each Windows Phone 7
Series handset , for example , will include a built - in FM radio tuner and a physical button to access Bing search .
But the question remains whether Microsoft can make Windows Phone 7 Series a compelling platform , giving developers the tools and audience they need .
Microsoft was mum on details about its third - party app development platform at the Mobile World Congress last week in Barcelona , Spain , but developers have already leaked some of the company 's plans regarding its third - party development tools , which include Silverlight , Microsoft 's cross- platform web application framework , as well as a limited set of native application programming interfaces and managed APIs .
( For a more detailed explanation translating nerd speak to normal human talk , see Mary Jo Foley 's article on ZDNet . )
Mobile developers polled by Wired.com had mixed reactions ( to say the least ) about Windows Phone 7 Series ' development tools , based on the leaked documents .
Kai Yu , CEO of BeeJive , was pessimistic .
He said his independent company , which makes apps for the iPhone and BlackBerry , wrote off Windows Mobile years ago because of " incomplete , half - assed " developer tools and a lack of support from Microsoft , and he does n't see those problems changing with a new operating system .
" I think it 's just royally fucked , " Yu said of Microsoft 's phone platform .
" That place is so big :
The tools , the people , it 's all so fragmented ....
What 's the advantage of having these hubs and cool - looking UI ?
In the end , I do n't know if that gives you anything . "
On the opposite side , Jim Scheinman , COO of Pageonce , which makes productivity apps for BlackBerry , iPhone , Windows Mobile and Android , said his company was excited about Microsoft 's reboot of its phone platform .
" My speculation is that Microsoft has some incredible platforms they can tie all together with the new mobile platform , " Scheinman said .
" If one developer can write across all the other platforms , that would be easier for us and all the developers ....
If you want to attract hundreds of thousands of developers , it would behoove Microsoft to try to make that happen .
That would be a very , very exciting opportunity for all of us . "
But Hoddie was n't enthused , either .
Regarding the new Windows Phone 7 Series OS , Hoddie said adding Silverlight into the mix would n't help much .
He explained that similar to Adobe 's Flash , Silverlight was a technology made for desktops , and it's bound to cause performance issues when transplanted into mobile devices .
" Silverlight , geez , " he said .
" Just when you thought it was safe to go back into the water . "
Hoddie echoed some of Yu's concerns , complaining about how " horribly " Microsoft treated its mobile developers .
For example , Hoddie recounted an incident when one of his apps had a problem with text input on a specific phone running Windows Mobile .
When he finally got in touch with Microsoft 's support team , Microsoft said it was only responsible if the text - input problem appeared in the Windows Mobile emulator software — and if it did n't , Hoddie would have to contact the Japanese manufacturer directly to address the problem .
Poor developer support ?
That 's strange , because Microsoft understands more than any company how important developers are .
( Steve Ballmer made that loud and clear in the video above . )
The Windows PC operating system , after all , won the desktop OS war early largely with the help of software developers that made programs only for Windows .
But perhaps the problem for Microsoft is that the definition of " developer " has changed in recent years .
Apple 's App Store popularized a business platform that made developing software a viable and even sometimes highly lucrative career choice for small , independent coders working in their bedrooms , whose quirky apps have made the iPhone one of the most innovative inventions yet .
By contrast , mobile developers working on Microsoft 's Windows Mobile platform have largely been laboring in the bowels of large corporations , creating mobile front ends for enterprise applications like SAP .
Can Microsoft attract the small developers as well , to create another app boom ?
Independent developer Dave Castelnuovo , whose iPhone game Pocket God is one of the App Store 's all - time top sellers , said he and his peers had no plans to develop for Windows Phone 7 Series .
He explained that fragmentation — a complex hardware ecosystem that requires developers to code several versions of one app to sell on one platform for different types of phones — will always be a major problem with Windows phones .
" Fragmentation ends up making development more expensive , " Castelnuovo said .
" Microsoft is trying to solve some of that by being a little more hands - on ....
They all have multitouch and the same three buttons , but the problem is I do n't know what kind of other options there are .
Is there a camera option ?
What is the minimum CPU speed or amount of RAM ?
If you 're an independent developer , you 'll have to code to the lowest - possible common denominator in order to get to the biggest - possible market . "
There are still plenty of questions in the air surrounding Windows Phone 7 Series and its overall mobile strategy .
Microsoft declined to comment on the purported leaks about Windows Phone 7 Series ' development tools .
The company plans to preview its development tools at its MIX developers conference next month .
Until then , developers will just have to wait and see .
Photo : Charlie Sorrel / Wired.com
See Also :
A commercial ­dispute breaks out in the South Atlantic .
­Argentina asserts a hoary claim to the Falklands and takes it to the UN .
Britain says push off , you must be joking .
Nobody takes it ­seriously as war is inconceivable .
­Downing Street is more concerned with domestic unpopularity .
That was in March 1982 .
It was also last week .
Then the tabloids greeted Argentina 's claim with Stick It Up Your Junta .
Now they are equally nuanced , calling the Argentine president , Cristina Kirchner , Queen Argie Bargy and Old Plastic Face .
Then it took nine weeks of counter - invasion , with 1,000 deaths and £ 3bn spent , for Britain to restore the status quo ante .
The Falklands war was a catastrophic failure of diplomacy and deterrence .
Now , at least , war is unlikely .
Britain has almost as many troops on the islands , 1,200 , as there were islanders at the time of the invasion .
It is on guard and the latest row with Argentina is merely over the arrival of an oil rig , the Ocean Guardian , in waters north of Port Stanley .
But Argentina regards submarine resources as falling within the terms of its long - standing claim to the islands , which its defeat in the 1982 war did nothing to diminish .
Military conquest does not establish legal title .
Anyone who studies the tortuous ­history and law of the Falklands will know that Argentina 's claim to the islands was certainly strong .
The treaty of Utrecht recognised Spanish sovereignty and this led to 40 years of Spanish occupation of the islands , which was reasserted in 1823 by Buenos Aires after its independence from Spain .
Ten years later the islands were seized by force by Britain , and settlers sent out in a crude act of imperial aggression .
Argentina protested its right to the islands then and since , regularly ­registering it with the UN 's decolonisation committee , supported by other post - imperial states in south and north America .
Thirty - two Latin American countries reasserted that support in Mexico this week with even the US sympathetic , conspicuously refusing to side with Britain on what it too sees as a post - imperial issue .
Britain 's defence is one of " prescription " ; that Britons have been in uninterrupted occupation of the islands since the 19th century , backed up by the oft - proclaimed wish of these Britons not to become Argentinian .
Such considerations are strong , if not overwhelming , in international law .
They were why the UN security council approved Britain 's military reversal of the 1982 invasion .
But legal title is not all .
The Falklands are the Elgin marbles of diplomacy , perhaps trivial to London but subject of everlasting ( if minor ) grievance to the people of Argentina .
Before 1982 Britain recognised this .
The islands lay off the coast of Argentina – their obvious link to the outside world .
Continuing to garrison and supply them from Britain was an expensive legacy of empire .
Indeed at the very time of the Falklands war , Margaret Thatcher was transferring Hong Kong to China on similar grounds of expediency , and her favourite minister , Nicholas Ridley , was seeking a negotiated compromise on the Falklands with Argentina at the UN .
This was for a transfer of sovereignty over the islands to Buenos Aires with entrenched leaseback to Britain to administer them on behalf of the 1,800 islanders , who would retain their right to remain British .
The irony is that the one thing that might have made leaseback acceptable to the islanders – a democratic Argentina – came about only through the one event that made such confidence - building impossible , the Falklands war .
But that was the short - term .
The short - term can not be the end of the matter .
Argentina has not threatened military action over the Ocean Guardian , nor is President Kirchner 's protest necessarily a bid for popularity – the Malvinas are not a big issue in Buenos Aires politics .
Britain 's decision to go ahead with drilling , though within the bilateral 1995 Joint Declaration over Oil , was bound to be seen in Latin America as imperial arrogance .
The matter may yet be decided by the international court at The Hague .
The right to self - determination of the islanders – long the obstacle to any deal with Argentina – has to be qualified .
Intransigent in their response to the Ridley negotiations and backed by ­neo- imperialist rightwingers in the House of Commons , the islanders demanded and got their rescue by the 1982 task force and extravagant support ever since .
They have rebuffed all efforts by later Buenos Aires mediators to ­re-establish contact .
The islanders claim that the cost of sustaining their splendid isolation can be met from the potential revenue from oil .
But that oil no more belongs to them than the revenue of North Sea oil belongs to the Orkneys .
As for potential oil farther south , uninhabited South Georgia and the South Orkneys can hardly claim " self - determination " to justify Britain appropriating revenue there , which many in South America consider theirs .
Democratic consent is always ­important , though hardly an absolute .
Britain never gave the Hong Kong islanders a say in whether they would be handed over to Beijing .
The fate of Gibraltar cannot be delegated entirely to the Gibraltarians .
There is fierce opposition among English political parties to allowing the Scots even to vote on whether or not to end their union with England .
There is nothing special about the Falklands .
In other words , 2,500 colonists cannot enjoy an unqualified veto on British government policy .
Thatcher thought it was in Britain 's interest to negotiate with Argentina in 1982 , even when it was a dictatorship .
Now that Argentina is a democracy that interest can hardly have diminished .
Subsequent British governments knew this , but were too gutless to act on it .
The Falklands will remain an expensive nuisance to British diplomacy – and possibly trade – in Latin America , the more so after last week 's vocal support for Kirchner in Mexico .
The best hope for a ­stable and prosperous Falklands under British occupation is a revival of leaseback under UN supervision .
The islands must have links with the adjacent mainland .
It is absurd to supply them for ever by an air bridge from Britain and ­Ascension .
Nor should the security of British citizens necessarily entitle them to the ­exploitation of oil on South America 's continental shelf .
Britain was very lucky to win the Falklands war .
Had a freelance navy occupation of South Georgia not ­pre-empted a planned later invasion , and had America not overtly and ­covertly backed the British task force , Thatcher 's desperate gamble might have failed and the Argentine occupation succeeded , like India 's seizure of ­Portuguese Goa which it imitated .
( It was even called Plan Goa . )
That war is unlikely to be repeated .
But this cannot allow us to ignore its causes .
Distant colonies are a post - imperial anachronism .
Britain will have to negotiate with Argentina because the world , either at the UN or at The Hague , will insist on it .
The government and media can bury their heads in the sand , but that will not make the Falklands dispute go away or atone for the dead of the silliest of wars a quarter century ago .
Featured , Browse > Home News / Massive Sioux Indian Reservation Battles Snow with 3 Ploughs
Massive Sioux Indian Reservation Battles Snow with 3 Ploughs
By Denis Campbell
As we have seen in the blizzards in Washington and New York 100s of crews of snowploughs and front - end loaders work feverishly to open roads , airports and railway tracks .
But , what if you lived in the Cheyenne Sioux Indian Reservation of South Dakota and there were only three snowploughs to clear an area nearly the size of Connecticut ?
Most of the reservation is covered with rural 2 - lane asphalt and dirt roads that even this meagre snow removal equipment cannot reach because of the drifts .
Their only hope is for the temperature to rise above freezing .
If 8,000 telephone poles snapped in Potomac , Westchester , or Greenwich , crews would work 24/7 to restore power .
Yet many in the Cheyenne Sioux Reservation have been without power or heat for more than five days .
They daily brave temperatures and wind chills of - 19 ◦ .
“ Many people have died , not only of exposure but of complications from sugar diabetes , ” said Russell Means , Chairman of the Lakota Republic .
“ Diabetes is an epidemic on Indian Reservations , ” he continued “ and in rural areas of Sioux country the reservations are very isolated . ”
We take for granted that the snowploughs will be there to clear our roadways , yet those living on the reservation died because they could not get out of their driveway to transport loved ones to kidney dialysis centres .
Heart attacks and exposure claimed even those with cars to transport loved ones , because the snow trapped them in their homes .
And forget 911 , it does not exist .
Nearly everyone is without heat or electricity .
Russell Means ’ daughter called from her home 200 - miles away asking to borrow a generator , but it was stolen .
When asked what the most pressing immediate needs were , his reply was : “ come out , come on out , the whole Congress should come and check .
We definitely need the funds , The Bureau of Indian Affairs needs the funds , the tribes need the funds just for snow removal and emergency equipment .
THAT WOULD SAVE LIVES .
Then we need adequate healthcare . ”
Generous Americans sent millions to Haiti , New Orleans and Texas when disasters struck sending shockwaves through the media .
Yet here is an ongoing , some would say daily , tragedy that affect millions of Americans .
They live under the control of a broken federal agency , The Bureau of Indian Affairs , with 85 % unemployment , record levels of alcoholism , Type 2 diabetes and unspeakable poverty .
As Keith Olbermann of MSNBC ’s Countdown said , “ this tragedy is 450 miles from Minneapolis . ” Russell Means described it more aptly as “ genocide of the Indian people . ”
It certainly is , at minimum , gross neglect that entire tribes across massive state - sized territories have people freezing inside their paper thin walled and ill - equipped homes , dying from both exposure and CO2 asphyxiation from bad propane heaters .
Denis Campbell is the American Editor of UK Progressive .
He is a political and business pundit contributor to both BBC television and radio .
Denis specializes in translating the American electoral and governing process for UK and EU audiences and vice versa , contributing regularly on UK elections and issues to the Huffington Post .
He has contributed to newspapers and magazines around the globe .
In his “ spare ” time , he is managing director of Target Point Ltd focused on social media , communication strategy , leveraging technology , corporate change and building world class selling organisations .
Denis has lived in the EU since 1998 .
STILLWATER — Former OSU basketball coach Sean Sutton was arrested on a drug complaint Thursday , state drug enforcement authorities said .
Sutton told drug agents that he is addicted to painkillers , Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics spokesman Mark Woodward said .
OBN detained Sutton , 41 , about 5 p.m.
Thursday after the former coach picked up a shipment of painkillers from out of state from a local shipping company , Woodward said .
Drug agents had intercepted the shipment following a tip that Sutton had been illegally buying painkillers from sellers in Seattle and the New York City borough of Brooklyn .
Voters trust President Barack Obama more than Republicans on a host of major issues , a new poll found this weekend .
A new Newsweek poll released this weekend shows that voters trust Obama on issues ranging from the economy and budget to handling wars and national security more than they do Republicans .
Republicans did edge Obama in one area , though : the use of military courts versus civilian trials to prosecute suspects in terrorism cases .
Voters , though , expressed confidence in the president on a number of other issues .
ADVERTISEMENT
49 percent said they prefer Obama 's approach on job creation , compared to 26 percent who prefer Republicans in Congress .
46 percent said they favor Obama 's approach on the economy , as well , while 30 percent backed the GOP .
And on some traditionally Republican issues , 44 percent favor Obama 's approach on tax policy to 34 percent for Republicans .
42 percent also trust Obama to handle the debt and federal deficit , compared to 33 percent who trust Republicans .
Obama also maintained an edge on a number of war and national security issues .
46 percent like Obama 's approach to the war in Afghanistan , while 27 percent like Republicans ' ideas .
45 percent also back the president 's handling of the war in Iraq , while 30 percent would prefer to see the GOP in charge .
40 percent said they prefer Obama 's handling of Iran , while 30 percent prefer Republicans .38 percent , though , like the GOP 's approach to prosecuting terrorists over the 34 percent who prefer Obama 's approach .
Republicans have hammered away on the administration 's handling of this issue over the past two months , making it a top issue in the special election of Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) , as well .
Obama also enjoys a wide margin over Republicans when it comes to his climate change legislation .
38 percent say they'd prefer to see Obama 's approach prevail , over 26 percent who like Republicans ' plans .
The Newsweek poll , conducted by Princeton Survey Research Associates International from Feb. 17 - 18 , has a 3.6 percent margin of error .
[ / caption ]
Normally , SkyAlert collects and distributes reports of astronomical transients in near - real time , such as supernovae , gamma-ray bursts , cataclysmic variables and blazar eruptions .
You can even get alerts of these events via Twitter or Facebook .
But starting this morning , Dec 24 , through Dec 25 , Skyalert.org will be distributing Santa Sighting Events via Twitter and Facebook so you can track where in the universe Santa will be .
SkyAlert also has some interesting images of where Santa has been — there ’s evidence of Santa on the Moon ; he may have been flying through the Coalsack Nebula ( see below ) and that even in the early Universe there may have been multiple Santas .
The Santa stream will be broadcast live on Twitter at http://twitter.com/skyalert with the tag # SantaAlert .
You can also go to the SkyAlert website ’s special Santa tracking page , or Facebook .
The sky is full of explosions and movement , and SkyAlert is a great way to follow all the transient events taking place .
The folks at SkyAlert say the discovery rate of such transients is increasing rapidly as new surveys come online .
Visit SkyAlert for more information .
And enjoy the holidays !
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
The head of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , General Stanley McChrystal , expressed regret Monday after more than two dozen civilians were killed in a NATO airstrike .
Twenty - seven civilians died and 14 others were wounded in the incident Sunday in the central Daikondi province , according to the Afghan Interior Ministry .
Ground forces at the scene found women and children among the casualties , the Afghan government and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) said in a joint statement .
The U.S military told CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr they " accept " the Afghan government 's death toll .
ISAF said it had ordered an immediate investigation into the incident , while the Afghan cabinet called the attack " unjustifiable . "
" We are extremely saddened by the tragic loss of innocent lives , " said McChrystal , who spoke to President Hamid Karzai Sunday evening to express his sorrow and regret over the incident .
" I have made it clear to our forces that we are here to protect the Afghan people , and inadvertently killing or injuring civilians undermines their trust and confidence in our mission .
We will re-double our efforts to regain that trust . "
Commanders ordered the daylight NATO airstrike because they had specific intelligence that a group of Taliban in vehicles was heading towards coalition forces on the ground , according to a senior U.S. military official .
" Air assets picked up the movement of the vehicles and after an extensive overhead monitoring , the ground force commander ordered the strike , " said the official , who declined to be identified because of ongoing investigations .
The source would not discuss what activities the convoy took that led to suspicions it contained insurgents other than its location .
The convoy of three vehicles was traveling to Kandahar province when it was struck , said Zemeri Bashary , the spokesman for the interior ministry .
NATO confirmed its forces fired on the vehicles , believing that they were carrying insurgents .
In a statement published in Pashtun and Dari , the Afghan cabinet said it condemned " the repeated killing of civilians by NATO . "
An English version of the statement did not include that sentence .
Civilian casualties at the hands of U.S. and NATO troops have strained relations between Afghanistan and the United States .
In the last two weeks alone , more than 50 Afghan civilians are believed to have been killed in more than half a dozen U.S. and NATO military operations .
The coalition is also investigating reports that several Afghan policemen were accidentally killed in an airstrike in eastern Afghanistan on February 18 .
McChrystal has made avoiding civilian casualties a top priority , and he has apologized to the Afghan government for recent incidents .
The numbers have dropped in recent months since McChrystal took over as U.S. commander .
The U.S. military official said McChrystal is updating a directive issued to troops last summer aimed at reducing civilian casualties .
The official said the intent now is to " make it more precise and understandable by the most junior member of the force . "
Some forces have complained the directive has led to overly restrictive rules on conducting operations .
Meanwhile , an influential Afghan tribal leader was among 14 people killed in a suicide attack on a meeting of tribal elders on Monday in Nangarhar province 's Khogyani district , Afghan police said according to Agence France - Presse .
Haji Zaman Ghamsharik was credited with bringing relative stability to Nangarhar compared to other provinces in Afghanistan 's volatile eastern border region .
Elsewhere , an insurgent rocket struck a car in Kapisa province Monday and killed one civilian , officials said .
Five others were wounded in the attack .
Earlier , Afghan officials had blamed the attack on a NATO ground - to - ground missile but later corrected the account .
CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report
Twitter is currently vying with Famitsu as the place to go for Japanese game news .
Square Enix CEO Yoichi Wada , Metal Gear creator Hideo Kojima , Level - 5 CEO Akihiro Hino -- they all have Twitter accounts , and they occasionally offer some newsworthy Tweets .
Our latest Twitter update comes from someone who does n't actually have his own account .
Square Enix super producer Tetsuya Nomura was featured earlier today in a Twitter - based interview posted at the the Square Enix Members Twitter .
The interview was conduced by Square Enix producer Shinji Hashimoto based off fan submitted questions .
During the interview , Nomura made one mention of Final Fantasy Versus XIII .
Asked to list a percentage completion for the game , he said , " Not everything is connected together , so the various areas have different levels of progress .
However , you can fly across the world map in an air ship .
"
It looks like air ships are confirmed for this entry in the Fabula Nova Crystallis series .
Aside from this , Nomura would not comment on his many projects , including Final Fantasy Agito XIII and Parasite Eve sequel The 3rd Birthday .
One person asked him about the possibility for a Dissidia Final Fantasy sequel , and his response seemed to suggest that a sequel could become a reality .
Nomura also said that he'd like to release two titles within the year .
We 'll hopefully start getting some details on these games soon .
And if those details happen to come through Twitter , we 'll be sure and pass along the info to you .
Joe Lieberman has long gone rogue in his own way .
The senator from Connecticut and former Democratic vice - presidential candidate may not be quite out there with that other contender for high office , Sarah Palin .
But Lieberman – a professed liberal who supports access to abortion , gun control and some gay rights – infuriated former allies and Democratic voters in his own state with support for George Bush 's war in Iraq , and astonished them by campaigning for John McCain and Palin in last year 's presidential election .
Now , in the view of some , he is plumbing new depths of betrayal by using his deciding vote as an independent member of the Senate to hold hostage Barack Obama 's reform of America 's dysfunctional healthcare system .
Obama , desperate to ensure that the reform bid does not fail , has told congressional leaders to rewrite the legislation to keep Lieberman happy by removing any real competition to private insurance companies in an effort to get it passed by Christmas .
Lieberman 's tactics have upset Democratic party members of Congress who are asking why a popular president 's agenda is being stalled by a senator who has repeatedly turned his back on his old party .
" I have no idea what Senator Lieberman 's agenda is , " said a Connecticut member of Congress , Chris Murphy .
" I have stopped trying to be Sherlock Holmes . "
Another member of Congress from Lieberman 's home state , Rosa DeLauro , told Politico website : " No individual should hold healthcare hostage , including Joe Lieberman , and I 'll say it flat out : I think he ought to be recalled . "
Lieberman , 67 , used his deciding vote in Congress to help strip out a provision for government - run medical insurance , intended to set up competition to the abuses of private companies , by threatening to filibuster the legislation .
Senate leaders agreed to drop the public option for all in favour of allowing people over 55 to buy into an existing government - run scheme for the elderly .
In September , Lieberman supported the measure , as he had when he was Al Gore 's running mate .
But just as it seemed that a deal was done , Lieberman scuppered it by announcing that he had changed his mind and would block any bill that expanded government insurance coverage .
Obama gave way .
Some of Lieberman 's critics see his stance on healthcare as shaped by his acceptance of more than $ 1 m in campaign contributions from the medical insurance industry during his 21 years in the Senate .
The blocking of public - run competition is a huge relief to an industry that has been increasing premiums far ahead of costs and making huge profits while individuals are bankrupted by chronic illnesses .
Many of the medical insurance companies are based in Lieberman 's home state .
Lieberman vigorously denies that campaign money influences his votes , and he is far from alone in accepting money from vested interests .
But it has raised questions as to why insurance companies donate to Lieberman 's campaign if they are not buying influence .
It has also not gone unnoticed that Lieberman 's wife , Hadassah , works for a major lobbying firm as its specialist on health and pharmaceuticals .
She previously worked at drug companies such as Pfizer and Hoffmann - La Roche .
Others see different forces at work .
Lieberman 's supporters say he is what a senator should be : a fearless voice prepared to fight for what he believes is right .
He says that he is " genuinely an independent " , as he demonstrated by allying himself with Bush 's neocon agenda in the Middle East while opposing that administration 's conservative social agenda .
" I agree more often than not with Democrats on domestic policy .
I agree more often than not with Republicans on foreign and defence policy , " he said on Fox News three years ago .
But detractors paint a picture of a vain , bitter man still stung by his rejection by Democratic voters who came close to scuppering his Senate career three years ago and now revelling in the power he wields to block Obama 's first piece on major legislation .
Larry Sabato , a University of Virginia political scientist , says the key to understanding Lieberman is his losing the 2006 Democratic party primary for his own Senate seat .
Democratic party voters turned on him because of his support for the Iraq war and torture of detainees in Guantánamo – an issue that divided many Americans .
Lieberman then ran in the main election as an independent with strong Republican backing , and won .
But Sabato says he was wounded by losing the primary .
" In Lieberman 's view the party turned its back on him .
From the liberal 's point of view he had already turned his back on them .
That campaign is the genesis of much of what we see today .
Tit - for - tat revenge . "
The 2006 campaign threw Lieberman into strange alliances .
Rightwing rabble rousers such as the talkshow host Rush Limbaugh and the Fox News presenter Glenn Beck came out vigorously for him despite his liberal social views .
The Republican party pumped hundreds of thousands of dollars into Lieberman 's campaign and prominent Republican politicians stumped for him .
They were rewarded , either out of principal or bitterness , when Lieberman backed McCain and Palin in the presidential race , ostensibly because he viewed Obama as weak on national security .
After that he was forced out of Democratic caucus strategy meetings and policy lunches .
But then came last year 's election , which put the Democrats within a whisker of the 60 Senate seats they needed to prevent Republican filibusters .
Lieberman held the 60th seat .
The party caucus voted to allow Lieberman to remain chairman of the Senate homeland security committee in return for his support .
Democrats feel they have been poorly repaid .
Lieberman denies he is acting out of spite .
" That 's just poppycock , " he said .
" If I had any sense of vendetta against the Democratic party I would n't be in the Democratic caucus today . "
He may not be for very much longer .
Many in Democratic party , and Connecticut voters who overwhelmingly support public medical insurance , may yet get their revenge on Lieberman .
Sabato says that the senator 's extraordinary position , where he retains chairmanship of a prominent committee and his seniority despite breaking with the party , is unlikely to survive next year 's midterm elections .
" Frankly at that point I expect Democrats to lose two or three seats in the Senate and they will no longer have that super majority of 60 anyway .
They will have no incentive to coddle Lieberman .
They 'll basically say : great knowing you and good luck in 2012 because you 're going to need it , " he said .
That 's when the voters will get a change to turf Lieberman out of the Senate .
The Republicans may back him to frustrate the Democratic candidate but the polls suggest that about 30 % of those who voted for Lieberman three years ago will not do so again in 2012 .
" Obama will be favoured to win a second term despite what you 're seeing today , " said Sabato .
" The economy will have picked up by then and so on .
But even if Obama loses nationally he will carry Connecticut handily and that will create coat - tails for any major Democratic nominee .
They have to find a strong candidate to run against Lieberman but on the whole I think Lieberman knows he 's going to have a very tough race for re-election . "
Fight for reform
The healthcare reforms Barack Obama signs into law will be a shadow of the campaign promises of government - run medical insurance that would break the back of exploitative private companies widely viewed as getting rich while millions of Americans lived in fear of illness driving them to bankruptcy .
That vision was battered by scaremongering by the right , including Sarah Palin 's notorious allegation that the government would establish " death panels " to kill elderly people who fell ill , and advertising campaigns that misrepresented state - run health services abroad as a socialist nightmare .
The insurance firms wielded influence with their campaign contributions to members of Congress .
The bills were also ambushed by religious organisations that managed to get provisions written in to the legislation in effect blocking insurance companies from paying for abortion .
But the greatest attrition came from conservative Democrats hostile to government - run insurance schemes , despite opinion polls showing that a majority of Americans , saddled with expensive but limited insurance , favoured the public option .
The White House continues to insist that what will emerge is real reform that will force the insurance companies to cover the sick , will contain costs and expand access to tens of millions of Americans who are not insured .
But it will be a far cry from the legislation that many Americans had hoped meant that their health would no longer be hostage to profit .
Sen . Bob Corker of Tennessee is the lead Republican negotiator for a bipartisan financial reform bill .
| John Shinkle / POLITICO
GOP weighs costs of bipartisanship
Thirteen Republicans crossed party lines to vote for Harry Reid ’s jobs bill Wednesday , but it ’s hardly time to herald a new era of bipartisanship on the Hill .
Just ask Bob Corker .
Advertisement
The Tennessee Republican is close to cutting a deal with Democrats on financial regulatory reform , but he ’s gotten pushback from GOP colleagues nervous that he ’ll give the veneer of Republican support to one of President Barack Obama ’s biggest legislative priorities .
In an interview , Corker said his negotiations with Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd of Connecticut prompted some “ awkward ” and “ not very pleasant ” discussions with his Republican colleagues — and that he and Alabama Sen .
Richard Shelby , the ranking Republican on the committee , did n’t speak for nearly two weeks after he picked up discussions with Dodd that Shelby had dropped .
Things are better now , Corker said , but leadership is cautiously watching him .
“ I think the issue is just making sure he ’s consulting with our leaders , and it does n’t end up being a bill where it ’s all Democrats and one Republican ; two Republicans and they can say it ’s a bipartisan bill , ” said Sen .
John Thune ( R - S.D. ) , No. 4 in the GOP leadership .
If Republicans cut a deal on a sweeping financial - services bill , they risk giving Obama and Democrats in Congress a major legislative victory that could lift their sagging poll numbers ahead of the midterm elections .
But if Republicans stand in opposition to the plans , they expose themselves to populist attacks that they are siding with Wall Street at a time when Washington is seeking to avoid another financial meltdown .
And Republicans ’ worries over regulatory reform underscore larger questions facing GOP leaders in the run-up to November ’s midterms :
How much leeway can they give their members without undercutting efforts to draw stark contrasts with the Democrats ?
And how much party unity can they enforce without playing into Democratic charges that they ’re the “ party of no ” ?
For his part , Majority Leader Harry Reid seems intent on forcing an answer .
The slimmed - down jobs bill that cleared the Senate on Wednesday is only the first of several the majority leader plans to bring up for votes between now and November .
Reid ’s thinking :
He ’ll either rack up a series of wins for the Democrats , or he ’ll get ammunition to use against Republicans if they unite in opposition .
“ One of two things is going to happen , ” said Missouri Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill .
“ Either we ’re going to smoke them out on the merits , or they ’re going to wear this mantle of obstructionism . ”
In the next few weeks , Reid plans to take up legislation that ties unemployment benefits , health insurance subsidies and Medicaid funding with tax breaks that are popular with Republicans .
Democrats are also drafting proposals to extend federal aid to state and local governments and expand small - business lending using remaining TARP funds — proposals that the Democratic leadership believes would be difficult for Republicans to oppose .
Texas Sen. John Cornyn , chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , said he ’s not worried about the Democrats ’ vote - and - vote - again strategy .
“ The leadership thinks that by forcing us to vote no on bills that are unpopular they think that ’s going to work to our disadvantage when just the opposite is true , ” Cornyn said .
“ The American people want us to stop the spending . ”
But some Republicans acknowledge that a succession of votes will be a challenge for their party — particularly if the unemployment rate remains near 10 percent .
“ I ’m sure they ’re going to design them so it looks bad to vote against them , ” said Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) .
“ They ’ll probably pass some of them — some Republicans will feel like they have to vote for them . ”
Sen . Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) predicted that all of the bills will pass because “ some Republicans ” will feel compelled to vote for some of them .
But Cornyn said that his party made a “ tactical decision ” not to use complaints about Reid ’s process as a basis for stopping the jobs bill — and that it ’s unlikely to make that same decision in the future .
“ I do n’t think that will continue , ” he said .
“ They ’ll see that bring our conference together . ”
In fact , there are few areas where bipartisan agreement in the Senate is even within the realm of possibility .
The partisan lines are firmly drawn on health care and climate change , leaving the jobs bills and regulatory reform as the areas where the leaders can let their members play for compromise — or demand that they fight tooth and nail .
Corker said he understands his colleagues ’ concerns about signing onto a regulatory reform bill without broad GOP backing .
“ I ’m not tone deaf , ” said Corker , who in 2008 abandoned an auto - bailout deal he attempted to negotiate with Dodd after Republicans rebelled .
“ I ’m a Republican , and I have the same concerns that many of my colleagues have about consumer protection — I want to see it strengthened greatly — I just do n’t want it to be done in a way that really hurts our financial system . ”
Republicans were nervous early on when Corker suggested he’d be willing to be vote No. 60 for the Democrats on the issue , but in an interview , Corker seemed to walk that back .
“ I would be a 60th vote on a great bill , ” Corker told POLITICO .
“ But that ’s never going to happen , because if it ’s a great bill , there ’d be a ton of votes . ”
Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) , who himself has taken heat for trying to negotiate a climate change bill with Democrats , said that if Corker ca n’t get other Republicans on board , it “ says something about the deal — or maybe it says something about the [ GOP ] Conference . ”
But given the financial mess , Graham said , “ I just think it ’s imperative for our party and the Democrats to come up with some reasonable solution . ”
But more conservative members of the party are watching warily .
“ I do think Bob Corker is very much a free - market person , ” said DeMint , a conservative member of the Banking Committee .
“ I ’d be very disappointed if they came up with something that really expanded government . ”
Victoria McGrane also contributed to this report .
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
| || ( Dagbladet ) : Industriarbeidsplasser skal bestå , men til gjengjeld vil det i framtida koste mer å kjøre bil og fly .
I går la Klima - og forurensingsdirektoratet ( Klif ) fram menyen av tiltak som kan iverksettes for å redusere norske klimagassutslipp .
Klimameldingen kommer først neste år , men Erik Solheim gir allerede nå tydelige signaler om hva som vil bli norsk klimapolitikk i årene framover :
Prisene skal opp
- Vi trenger kraftige tiltak og restriksjoner i biltrafikken i byene .
Det som har skjedd i Bergen i vinter , er en lærepenge .
Vi må redusere antall parkeringsplasser og innføre rushtidsavgift , slik man har gjort i andre land .
Flyprisene skal også opp .
Flyene skal fylles opp og avviklingen må bli bedre , sier Erik Solheim til Dagbladet .
TØFFERE Å VÆRE BILIST : Færre parkeringsplasser , rushtidsavgift og dyrere bensin i 2020 .
Foto : Siv Johanne Seglem / Dagbladet Behandlet eller vurdert som ferdig av bildedesk Vis mer
Blant de andre tiltakene som foreslås , er å pålegge industrien en så høy pris på CO2 at seks — sju tusen arbeidsplasser vil gå tapt .
Men Solheim forsikrer at norsk industri ikke skal nedlegges i klimaets navn .
- Dette er blant de tiltakene som er minst aktuelle .
DYRERE OG TRANGERE : Flyene må bli fullere og prisene må opp , mener Erik Solheim .
Foto : SCANPIX .
Vis mer
For industrien foretrekker Solheim en løsning der industrien gjøres grønnere ved at selskapene betaler inn til et klimafond som igjen finansierer tiltak .
Han trekker også fram teknologiutvikling og satsing på biodrivstoff som helt sentrale virkemidler .
Tiltakene i Klimakur 2020 skal kutte 12 millioner tonn CO2 i sektorene petroleum , trafikk , industri , landbruk og bygg .
Målet i klimaforliket er at norske klimagassutslipp skal reduseres med 15 — 17 millioner tonn i 2020 .
Det inkluderer karbonopptak i skog , og et av tiltakene framover blir å øke dette opptaket .
ELEKTRIFISERING
OG KARBONFANGST : Tiltak på sokkelen er dyrt , men må trolig til .
Foto : SCANPIX .
Vis mer
Fem - ti milliarder
Noen av tiltakene , som energieffektivisering i bygg , er lønnsomme .
Dyrest er det å gjøre tiltak innenfor de sektorene som slipper ut mest , trafikk og olje .
Her er prisen opp i fire tusen kroner per tonn CO2 for flere av tiltakene .
Til sammenligning vil det i 2020 koste 350 kroner for en kvote på ett tonn CO2 i utlandet .
Over halvparten av tiltakene er dyrere enn kvoteprisen , og til sammen vil tiltakene koste samfunnet mellom fem og ti milliarder kroner .
Dette er dyrere enn tidligere beregninger .
Men beregninger fra SSB viser at store kutt må til dersom klimamålene skal nås .
Kvotekjøp i utlandet vil maks kunne kutte utslipp tilsvarende tre millioner tonn .
MÅ TA OPP MER : Opptak av karbon i skogen er regnet med , men da må det plantes mer .
Foto : SCANPIX .
Vis mer
Erik Solheim mener at vi har råd .
- Det blir vanskelig , men vi skal gjøre det .
Dette er innenfor det vi kan klare , sier han .
KLIMAKUR 2020 : • Følger opp Stortingets klimaforlik med konkrete forslag til hvordan Norge kan få ned nasjonale klimagassutslipp .
• Lagt fram av Klima - og forurensingsdirektoratet , Norges vassdrags - og energidirektorat , Oljedirektoratet , Statens vegvesen og Statistisk sentralbyrå i går .
• Ramser opp 160 tiltak som skal redusere utslippene med 12 millioner tonn CO2 .
Inkludert karbonopptak i skog , skal utslippene reduseres med 15 - 17 millioner tonn i forhold til slik utslippene ellers ville ha vært i 2020 .
• Norge slipper i dag ut 54 millioner tonn CO2 årlig .
Kan bli ny debatt
Men det kan bli diskusjon om dette .
Ketil Solvik - Olsen mener klimakuren viser at klimaforliket kan sprekke .
- Her er mange gode forslag , men kuren viser at det må prioriteres .
Vi kan ikke ha en debatt lenger der vi later som om vi kan gjøre alt .
Også CICERO - forsker Steffen Kallbekken påpeker at det kan bli en ny diskusjon om hvor mye som skal kuttes innenlands etter gårsdagens framlegging .
ALTERNATIVENE : Klif ser for seg fire scenarier for klimapolitikk :
• 1 ) Alle forurensere betaler likt for et tonn CO2 , om lag 1500 kroner .
Aktuelle tiltak : Gjødsling av skog og CO2 - håndtering .
Ulempe :
Den høye prisen på CO2 vil kunne føre til nedleggelse av seks — sju tusen arbeidsplasser i prosessindustrien , og utflagging til lavkostland .
Fordeler : Det kan bli lavere skatter .
Billigst .
• 2 ) Ingen avgifter , men statlig støtte til teknologiutvikling og et grønt næringsliv .
Ulemper : Staten bestemmer over tiltakene , ikke markedet .
Mer skatt .
Fordeler : Ingen økte avgifter på drivstoff , ingen enkeltgruppe tar belastninga .
• 3 ) Industrien skjermes ved at de får kjøpe kvoter til vanlig kvotepris , 350 kroner tonnet .
Ulemper : Bilistene tar regninga med tredoble drivstoffpriser og økte bompenger .
Fare for å ikke nå målene .
Fordeler : Mer og billigere kollektivtransport .
• 4 ) Et kompromiss der både industri og bilister « overlever » .
Høyere priser på drivstoff enn i dag , og industrien betaler inn til et klimafond .
- Et så stort sprik mellom kvotepris og prisen på tiltak i Norge , kan føre til mer debatt om dette , sier forskeren .
Erik Solheim sa til Dagbladet tirsdag at han ikke kan garantere at klimaforliket på Stortinget overholdes .
WASHINGTON : Just before Christmas , the US President , Barack Obama , signed into law one of his country 's biggest aid pledges of the year .
It was bound not for Africa or any of the many struggling countries on the World Bank 's list .
It was a deal for $ US2.77 billion ( $ 3 billion ) to go to Israel in 2010 and a total of $ US30 billion over the next decade .
Israel is bound by the agreement to use 75 per cent of the aid to buy military hardware made in the US : in the crisis - racked US economy , those military factories are critical to many towns .
For the first time the US is also providing $ US500 million to the Palestinian Authority , including $ US100 million to train security forces , under the strict proviso that the authority 's leadership recognises Israel .
For many years Israel has been the largest recipient of US foreign aid , followed by Egypt ( $ US1.75 billion ) , which also receives most of its assistance in tied military aid .
Resetting PHP 6
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
Rightly or wrongly , many in our community see Perl 6 as the definitive example of vaporware .
But what about PHP 6 ?
This release was first discussed by the PHP core developers back in 2005 .
There have been books on the shelves purporting to cover PHP 6 since at least 2008 .
But , in March 2010 , the PHP 6 release is not out - in fact , it is not even close to out .
Recent events suggest that PHP 6 will not be released before 2011 - if , indeed , it is released at all .
PHP 6 was , as befits a major release , meant to bring some serious changes to the language .
To begin with , the safe_mode feature which is the whipping boy for PHP security - or the lack thereof - will be consigned to an unloved oblivion ; the " register_globals " feature will be gone as well .
The proposed traits feature would bring " horizontal reuse " to the language ; think of traits as a PHPish answer to multiple inheritance or Java 's interfaces .
A new 64 - bit integer type is planned .
PHP was slated to gain a goto keyword ( though the plan was to avoid the scary goto name and add target labels to break instead ) .
Some basic static typing features are under consideration .
There was even talk of adding namespaces to the language and making function and class names be case - sensitive .
The really big change in PHP 6 , though , was the shift to Unicode throughout .
Anybody who is running a web site which does not use Unicode is almost certainly wishing that things were otherwise - trust your editor on this one .
It is possible to support Unicode to an extent even if the language in use is not aware of Unicode , but it is a painful and error - prone affair ; proper Unicode support requires a language which understands Unicode strings .
The PHP 6 plan was to support Unicode all the way :
PHP6 will have Unicode support everywhere ; in the engine , in extensions , in the API .
It 's going to be native and complete ; no hacks , no external libraries , no language bias .
English is just another language , it 's not the primary language .
Unicode , however , appears to be the rock upon which the PHP 6 ship ran aground .
Despite claims back in 2006 that the development process was " going pretty well , " it seems that few people are happy with the state of Unicode support in PHP .
Memory usage is high , performance is poor , and broken scripts are common .
The project has been struggling for some time to find a solution to this problem .
From your editor 's reading of the discussion , the fatal mistake would appear to be the decision to use the two - byte UTF - 16 encoding for all strings within PHP .
According to PHP creator Rasmus Lerdorf , this decision was made to ease compatibility with the International Components for Unicode ( ICU ) library :
Well , the obvious original reason is that ICU uses UTF - 16 internally and the logic was that we would be going in and out of ICU to do all the various Unicode operations many more times than we would be interfacing with external things like MySQL or files on disk .
You generally only read or write a string once from an external source , but you may perform multiple Unicode operations on that same string so avoiding a conversion for each operation seems logical .
But a lot of strings simply pass through PHP programs ; in the end , the conversion turned out to be more expensive and less convenient than had been hoped .
Johannes Schlüter describes the problem this way :
By using UTF - 16 as default encoding we'd have to convert the script code and all data passed from or to the script ( request data , database results , output , ... ) from another encoding , usually UTF - 8 , to UTF - 16 or back .
The need for conversion does n't only require CPU time and more memory ( a UTF - 16 string takes double memory of a UTF - 8 string in many cases ) but makes the implementation rather complex as we always have to figure out which encoding was the right one for a given situation .
From the userspace point of view the implementation brought some backwards compatibility breaks which would require manual review of the code .
These all are pains for a very small gain for many users where many would be happy about a tighter integration of some mbstring - like functionality .
This all led to a situation for many contributors not willing to use " trunk " as their main development tree but either develop using the stable 5.2/5.3 trees or refuse to do development at all .
The end result of all this is that PHP 6 development eventually stalled .
The Unicode problems made a release impossible while blocking other features from showing up in any PHP release at all .
Eventually some work was backported to 5.3 , but that is always a problematic solution ; it brings back memories of the 2.5 kernel development series .
Developer frustration , it seems , grew for some time .
Last November , Kalle Sommer Nielsen tried to kickstart the process , saying :
I 've been thinking for a while what we should do about PHP6 and its future , because right now it seems like there is n't much future in it .
Things came to a head on March 11 , when Jani Taskinen , fed up with being unable to push things forward , ( 1 ) committed some disruptive changes to the stable 5.3 branch , and ( 2 ) created a new PHP_5_4 branch which looked like it was meant to be a new development tree .
That is when Rasmus stepped in :
The real decision is not whether to have a version 5.4 or not , it is all about solving the Unicode problem .
The current effort has obviously stalled .
We need to figure out how to get development back on track in a way that people can get on board .
We knew the Unicode effort was hugely ambitious the way we approached it .
There are other ways .
So I think Lukas and others are right , let 's move the PHP 6 trunk to a branch since we are still going to need a bunch of code from it and move development to trunk and start exploring lighter and more approachable ways to attack Unicode .
And that is where it stands .
The whole development series which was meant to be PHP 6 has been pushed aside to a branch , and development is starting anew based on the 5.3 release .
Anything of value in the old PHP 6 branch can be cherry - picked from there as need be , but the process of what is going into the next release is beginning from scratch , and one assumes that proposals will be looked at closely .
There are no timelines or plans for the next release at this point ; as Rasmus explains , that 's not what the project needs now :
We do n't need timelines right now .
What we need is some hacking time and to bring some fun back into PHP development .
It has n't been fun for quite a while .
Once we have a body of new interesting stuff , we can start pondering releases ...
So timing and features for the next PHP release are completely unknown at this point .
Even the name is unknown ; Jani's 5.4 branch has been renamed to THE_5_4_THAT_ISNT_5_4 .
There has been some concern about all of those PHP 6 books out there ; it has been suggested that a release which does n't conform to expectations for PHP 6 should be called something else - PHP7 , even .
There 's little sympathy for the authors and publishers of those books , but those who bought them may merit a little more care .
But that will be a discussion for another day .
Meanwhile , the PHP hackers are refocusing on getting things done and having some fun too .
President Obama is winging his way back to Washington , D.C. , after a tour around Las Vegas , where he was welcomed by most everyone , it seemed -- except the city 's mayor .
Independent Mayor Oscar Goodman refused to attend Obama 's events or meet with the president , saying he would n't do so until Obama apologized for dissing his city by saying people should n't gamble with their college savings during a recession .
Here 's what Obama said earlier this year :
" When times are tough , you tighten your belts .
You do n't go buying a boat when you 're trying to pay your mortgage .
You do n't blow a bunch of cash on Vegas when you 're trying to save on college .
You prioritize , you make tough choices . "
Speaking to the Chamber of Commerce , Obama did n't apologize for what he said .
But he made sure to say he has nothing against sin city .
" Let me set the record straight , I love Vegas -- always have , " he said .
" It was n't meant to be a shot , " Obama said of his college savings remark .
" I think everybody would agree that the only place people should spend their college savings is in college .
...
But I understand how hard things have been here . "
( Posted by Mimi Hall )
We 're certainly not wanting for e-readers this week , although we are definitely wanting for one that 's compelling enough to shell out good money for -- which is fine , because company 's all over God 's green Earth seem to be working overtime to give us one .
Take Jinke -- the company 's switched from E Ink to SiPix panels for the A6 and A9 readers , both of which are planned to sport multitouch , 16 levels of grayscale , WiFi a /b/g , and optional 3G -- as well as the usual compliment of formats ( FB2 , EPUB , PDF , most image formats , and MP3 ) .
The former is a 6 - inch ( 600 x 800 ) device with 2GB of storage , an SD slot , and an accelerometer .
The Jinke A9 features a 9 - inch ( 1024 x 768 ) panel , and up to 4GB storage .
Both the A6 ( $ 275 ) and the A9 ( $ 330 ) should be available in March .
Thomas Friedman , in Hot , Flat and Crowded , proposes that we refer to our time as the " Energy - Climate Era . "
Friedman 's thesis -- that the converging trends of rapid population growth , man -made climate change , and peak oil will define our time -- is well - argued .
But events since the date of publication invite a refinement upon Friedman 's label for our time .
First , and consistent with Friedman 's analysis , the market for clean power is developing a heartbeat .
In Europe , the electorate 's attention to climate change has been broad enough to drive public - sector incentives for green energy .
Technology entrepreneurs have responded to these incentives with impressive rates of innovation .
A case in point : photovoltaic energy , since 2008 , has achieved cost / performance gains so impressive that analysts like McKinsey now see " grid parity " as an inflection point for planning new generating capacity in national electricity grids starting around 2015 .
And , while the developing world has had fewer resources to support feed - in tariff programs , recent policy signals from both China and India suggest that political leadership in both countries is more attuned to the issues of climate change and clean energy than generally credited .
As clean electrons approach grid parity , both of these countries are poised to dramatically expand the size of the market -- driving a virtuous circle of even greater scale economies and technology innovation .
Second , COP 15 , the UN Climate Summit in Copenhagen , produced an accomplishment that history may treat more kindly than did the commentaries immediately following the Dec. 2009 conference .
The accomplishment was the development of a metric -- a limit of 2 degrees growth in average global temperatures that was declared by the world 's leaders to be the maximum we can countenance .
There 's truth in the the saying , " what 's measured is what 's managed . "
It 's plausible that this metric can similarly galvanize attention and mobilize action and achievement on climate change .
It had better .
Because the third development since Friedman 's book of 2008 has been an avalanche of data suggesting that climate change is moving faster than previously thought .
NASA 's data indicate that polar ice is now melting at a net pace of 500 gigatons / year .
Neither of the two most plausible explanations for this are comforting .
Either the " fast - feedback " climate change models have been too conservative , or else the positive feedback loops that client scientists were hoping we might avert through coordinated global action on climate change have kicked in at lower CO2 levels than once projected .
When we take these three observations together , they invite us to think of a new label for our time -- and that is " the overshoot . "
In the narrow sense , the overshoot describes our time because our CO2 levels , in the estimation of climate scientists such as NASA 's Jim Hansen , have already " overshot " the levels that will limit climate change to a maximum 2 degree climb over pre-industrial levels .
In the broader sense , the " overshoot " describes our time because the disruption of our global climate system participates in a pervasive pattern of unsustainable interactions between population growth , industrialization , consumer culture and multiple facets of our planetary ecosystem .
Given our current appetites , behaviors , and economic assumptions , human civilization has " overshot " the sustainable capacity of our natural world .
From the standpoint of marketers , the overshoot might be a time for some sober reflection .
It may also become a time that forces a new level of specialization of marketing talents and practices .
In the overshoot , this specialization will arise in response to the formation of two " tribes " that marketers will need to hail differently .
Consider , for instance , that iconic ( or cliché ) image of a gleaming new SUV carving around the corners of a pristine mountain road .
Now imagine the polarization of reactions such an image must stimulate today .
One group remains open to seduction .
The other is struck with revulsion that the marketer would so overlook sensitivities to carbon emissions .
Professional communicators are accustomed to dealing with different audience segments or tribes , but there 's a nuance here to note .
In our current context , tribal affiliation may go beyond assumptions about which products and which messages fit with which customers -- it will also drive assumptions about how one persuades .
To get at this point , observe the on - line comment string in response to almost any web - published article on climate change .
Have you noticed first , how consistently these comment strings are dominated by denial of climate change ?
Decades of compelling scientific evidence have not altered this bias .
Directly observable changes like satellite images of disappearing sea ice have not altered this bias .
It leads one to pose the question of how , in the face of the evidence , could such a large group deny climate change with such passionate , undiluted certainty ?
For me , the psychological concept of " cognitive dissonance " is useful in understanding this phenomenon .
To borrow from the lexicon of psychology , dissonance can lead to " confirmation bias " -- the denial of disconfirming evidence and other " ego defense " mechanisms .
I find this a compelling explanation for the distribution of public opinion relative to the evidence on climate change .
The climate change problem presents a systemic challenge to the assumptions and habits upon which most of us have constructed our lives .
One tribe responds with a desire to learn more about the situation and what can be done about it .
The other tribe senses the profound threat that the overshoot presents to their way of being in the world .
And for these people , climate change denial is not a rational response to data -- it's an emotional defense against the implications of the data .
Trying to win over this group with more evidence seems to be about as fruitful as trying to fight a fire by dousing the flames with gasoline .
As marketers and communicators , I suspect , for the next period of time at least , we will need to be clear at all times which tribe we are addressing .
The overshoot will be a powerful force shaping the way people respond to messages , products and experiences .
Some people want to learn with a burning urgency .
Others -- just the opposite .
Good luck reconciling both views in one brand 's tribe .
About the Author
Glen Sinclair Drummond is a Partner and Chief Innovation Officer at Quarry Integrated Communications .
Click to share on Tumblr ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Pinterest ( Opens in new window )
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on LinkedIn ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Ross Evans met the TED Blog to talk about the Worldbike and Xtracycle bicycles that TEDActive attendees have enjoyed on their early - morning rides through the streets of Palm Springs .
“ The Worldbike is the genesis of this .
When I was a sophomore in college I took some time out to go to Nicaragua to help some guys learn how to weld .
They wanted to make a cargo bike , and we were trying to figure out the simplest way to do that .
Now , 15 years later , that is a reflection of a lot of development effort to see what ’s the cheapest , simplest way to make an impact in a poor person ’s life … . ”
“ The Xtracycle is an extended , wheel - based cargo bike or ‘ long - tail , ’ as we call them .
It ’s built around an open - source standard that we developed and put out on a Wiki .
… The idealist in me asked , ‘ How do we inspire people to use their bikes every day ? ’
I had grown up racing , BMX riding .
But I came to have a tremendous amount of passion , probably from my experience in Nicaragua , for just day - to - day riding . …
I started having experiences carrying passengers , getting my groceries , and then carrying kayaks and going on expeditions . ”
“ One thing I like to talk about is how the functionality meets frivolity .
The utilitarian and the play — how we can do that and merge those two together . ”
( Photos : TED / Michael Brands )
WASHINGTON — Speaker Nancy Pelosi was at her wits ’ end , and she let President Obama know it .
Scott Brown , the upstart Republican , had just won his Senate race in Massachusetts , a victory that seemed to doom Mr. Obama ’s dream of overhauling the nation ’s health care system .
The White House chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , once Ms. Pelosi ’s right hand man on Capitol Hill , was pushing Mr. Obama to scale back his ambitions and pursue a pared - down bill .
Mr. Obama seemed open to the idea , though it was clearly not his first choice .
Ms. Pelosi scoffed .
“ Kiddie care , ” she called the scaled - down plan , derisively , in private .
In a series of impassioned conversations , over the telephone and in the Oval Office , she conveyed her frustration to the president , according to four people familiar with the talks .
If she and Harry Reid , the Senate Democratic leader , were going to stick out their necks for Mr. Obama ’s top legislative priority , Ms. Pelosi wanted assurances that the president would too .
At the White House , aides to Mr. Obama say , he also wanted assurances ; he needed to hear that the leaders could pass his far - reaching plan .
“ We ’re in the majority , ” Ms. Pelosi told the president .
“ We ’ll never have a better majority in your presidency in numbers than we ’ve got right now .
We can make this work . ”
To map our home planet , Google Earth depends mostly on satellite imagery for land surfaces and sonar imagery for the sea floor .
Maps of the Universe likewise depend on different kinds of detectors for different kinds of features .
Maps of the cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) , for example , depend on measuring minute differences in the temperature of the sky .
When astrophysicist Julian Borrill came to Berkeley Lab's National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center ( NERSC ) in 1997 , his first project was designing computational tools for future CMB experiments , a toolbox capable of handling an expected flood of cosmic data .
He and his colleagues Radek Stompor and Andrew Jaffe devised the Microwave Anisotropy Dataset Computational Analysis Package , or MADCAP .
An essential part of the kit was a module for making maps .
Signal versus noise
Mapping the CMB requires accurately accounting for noise in the data .
Each pixel begins as part noise and part signal .
" White " noise has the property that each measurement is independent of all the others and can accurately be averaged , so it 's easy to account for the noise and estimate the signal 's contribution to the mix .
" Colored " or correlated noise is more challenging : here pixel noise varies across the sky , and its values are interrelated according to the particular path that the telescope has scanned during an exposure .
" You can't account for correlated noise by just averaging it , " says Borrill , now with the Computational Cosmology Center ( C3 ) in Berkeley Lab's Computational Research Division .
" To make a map it takes a special code to weigh and account for the noise in each pixel at each point in time . "
The detectors used to measure the temperature of the cosmic microwave background are particularly susceptible to colored noise , so the MADCAP bundle of codes included one specially designed to make maps from data where the noise is not white .
Programmed by C3 member Christopher Cantalupo , the code is named MADmap .
advertisement
The best detectors for measuring radiation at wavelengths between a millimeter and a fifth of a millimeter , where much of the CMB radiation lies , are bolometers .
( CMB radiation at lower frequencies is measured with radiometers . )
A bolometer gauges how much an incoming photon heats up a very cold detector , whose temperature is kept at a tiny fraction of a degree above zero degrees Kelvin .
Correlated or colored noise is a known characteristic of bolometers .
" Because a bolometer 's temperature can never be at absolute zero , it will always have some thermal noise , " Borrill says .
This noise level varies as the bolometer 's temperature changes .
" Another source of noise is that when a photon hits a bolometer , it ' rings ' for a while . "
As for the first kind of noise , Cantalupo says , " because the refrigerator is not perfect there are long - term drifts in temperature ; the noise changes slowly with time . "
He compares the colored - noise problem to the situation of a traffic patrolman using a radar gun to determine the expected speed of passing cars .
" If there is very little traffic , the speed of one car will be largely independent of the speed of the others .
But if the traffic becomes dense , cars traveling near each other are likely to be traveling at similar speeds , " he explains .
" There will still be some variation in speed , and this scatter in the measurements is colored noise . "
To determine the expected speed of a passing car based on the speeds of cars previously measured , the correlation among cars when traffic is dense must be taken into account -- especially the noise of the scatter of measurements in heavy traffic -- so that these measurements are not given too much significance in the final estimate .
advertisement
" If we give more significance to measurements taken farther apart in time , we can make a better estimate of the underlying signal , " Cantalupo says .
Cantalupo describes the MADmap process as first collecting the basic data , a widely varying curve with fine structure imposed on large excursions , including information on where the instrument is pointed in the sky and the time during which the data was collected .
The data is filtered to remove " average " noise -- " but of course we have n't just filtered noise but signal too , " says Cantalupo .
The math that determines how the noise is correlated from time to time within each pixel is performed on this smoothed - out , filtered data .
Then the filtering is undone to restore the signal -- which for CMB data is the temperature of the sky for each pixel in the map .
MADmap spreads its wings
Borrill says that although MADmap was designed with CMB data in mind , " it was always intended to be independent of the specifics of any one experiment . "
MADmap has been used for CMB experiments from the balloon - borne MAXIMA , which mapped a portion of the northern sky in 1998 , and BOOMERANG , which circled the South Pole in 1999 , on up to the European Space Agency 's Planck satellite , launched on an Ariane rocket from French Guiana in May 2009 ; all these experiments and others record data in different formats , so MADmap 's flexibility is essential .
MADmap is so flexible , in fact , that it is applicable to any kind of experiment whose data is similar to the model it was built for .
From the beginning , it has been posted on the Internet as open - source software .
Enter Herschel , a satellite that by coincidence was launched on the same Ariane rocket as Planck .
Unlike Planck , Herschel is an infrared observatory .
It carries a 3.5 - meter telescope , the most powerful infrared telescope ever flown in space .
The principal detectors for one of its three instruments , the Photoconductor Array Camera and Spectrometer ( PACS ) , are two arrays of highly sensitive bolometers .
In 2007 , long before Herschel and Planck were launched , Cantalupo got a call from Pierre Chanial , a PACS scientist who was developing the instrument 's mapping software .
" He wanted know if it was okay with us if he used MADmap as the core map - making software for PACS , " Cantalupo says .
" He said it was suggested to him by Andrew Jaffe , who had designed the original MADCAP with Julian . "
Cantalupo and Borrill and their colleagues were delighted that MADmap promised to be useful in unanticipated ways .
The PACS bolometers are photometers designed to collect far - infrared light , mapping galaxies and other objects whose internal structures are obscured , such as clouds of gas and dust where new stars are being born or disks in which solar systems may be forming .
But the novel application of MADmap to the infrared data introduced some challenges .
" The PACS data - transfer pipeline needs to use Java , which had not been contemplated when MADmap was written , " Cantalupo says .
" So we were able to be of some use in helping with the rewrite . "
Different questions arose when Herschel began making images in July after reaching orbit at Lagrangian Point 2 , where the combined gravity of Earth and Sun maintain the satellite mostly in the Earth 's shadow -- thus an excellent place for an observatory .
C3's Theodore Kisner became involved in the effort to help the PACS team make the best of MADmap .
" There was some trouble with the real data relating to the character of the noise , " Kisner says .
" Since I 've been working with noise estimation , I was able to contribute to this aspect . "
The way PACS makes an image is different from the way a CMB instrument maps the sky : a CMB experiment essentially scans across the sky in one smooth stroke after another , whereas , Kisner says , " Herschel kind of wobbles around , looking at the same region sort of like looking through a hole in a fence . "
Noise estimation is easier for Herschel in some ways , not only because its bolometers are very stable but because they map specific regions ; unlike the ubiquitous cosmic microwave background , " parts of the sky in a Herschel image are actually dark , " Kisner says .
" No signal at all is a perfect baseline for accounting for noise . "
Nevertheless , what the two kinds of observations have in common is that both depend on time - streams of data , which is where correlated noise resides .
" Our major hope now is that we can persuade the PACS folks away from using Java and instead toward using our latest version of MADmap , " Cantalupo says .
" Some of their observations require very long exposures , where our new Version 2 will be very helpful .
On the smaller observations , the Java version is okay . "
Already the C3 team has devised a new secondary format for Herschel that will be able to handle various kinds of data .
MADmap 2 readily reads data in different formats and would be easier to use and more flexible that the present version .
" It 's completely their decision , " says Cantalupo .
" We 're just happy to be useful . "
He and Kisner have attended data processing workshops at the NASA Herschel Science Center at Caltech to show scientists who are using Herschel good ways of using MADmap .
For his part , Julian Borrill is delighted that a program initially developed with support from NASA 's Applied Information Systems Research program and Berkeley Lab's Laboratory Directed Research and Development program has spread its wings and has already proved its merit for analyzing very different kinds of astronomical data .
On Feb. 19 , grenades exploded at a bus station , a restaurant , and a building site in Kigali , Rwanda , in the tense run up to Rwanda 's 2010 presidential election on August 9th .
Opposition candidates reported threats of arrest and assassination .
On branching
Back in 2008
I posted some rambling thoughts on distributed version - control systems , largely in response to the huge amount of hype surrounding such tools ( particularly git ) .
Then at PyCon last year , amid even more hype as it was announced that Python will switch from Subversion to a distributed tool , I gave a lightning talk reflecting on what I ’d picked up and seen during the intervening eight months .
It ’s now been a year and a half since that original blog post ; in that time I ’ve switched all of my personal projects from using Subversion and Google Code Hosting to using Mercurial and Bitbucket , and I ’ve started using Mercurial to interact with other projects —
Django and things I deal with at work — which still use Subversion ( or , in one case , git ) .
I ’m pretty happy overall : Mercurial ’s simple and straightforward , has good merging for when I need it and decent enough interop with other tools .
And Bitbucket ’s far nicer than Google Code ever was .
So as far as the DVCS wars are concerned , I ’ve made my choice and it works for me .
I do , however , see a lot of questions from people who do n’t know me or my workflow very well ( people who do know better than to bait me into this argument ) who wonder how I can live without “ git - style branches ” .
So I ’d like to take a moment to explain , first , why I do n’t much care for git ’s branching model and , second , to walk through the various branching options Mercurial offers , since a lot of git users do n’t seem to actually know how that works .
My problem with git
Well , two problems actually .
One is that I really do n’t like “ git - style ” branches very much , and whenever possible I tend to prefer a separate clone of a repository over a branch .
Partly this is a workflow issue : I often have multiple lines of development going simultaneously , and I like being able to pluck out the relevant files and see them side - by - side in Emacs without doing gymnastics in my version - control tool .
And partly this is just a trust issue : I ’ve worked with enough different tools over enough time to know that they all fail sooner or later , and using one which can fail and leave my code hidden away in places only the tool knows how to reach is a bit of a scary thought for me .
Of course , this is n’t quite as much of an issue since you can do multiple logically - separate repositories quite easily in git ( and anyone you ’re working with can just use remotes to deal with that ) .
Having a bunch of branches in the same repository is just the standard workflow , not a requirement .
But if the standard workflow is something I do n’t like , I tend to stay away and look for another tool .
The other problem I have with git ’s branching is that it really overloads multiple meanings of “ branch ” in a way that is n’t particularly useful .
There are two big reasons to branch that I can see :
Quick , self - contained pieces of work : bugfixes , small features and minor refactorings .
Even though you only work on them for a short period and then merge back , you want them isolated from mainline development during that time so you can properly write and test them without any unrelated bits getting in the way .
Much larger pieces of work : major features and big rewrites / refactorings .
These will be long - lived and need to stay isolated because the best way to handle such work is to merge mainline development only occasionally and at points where you ’re prepared to deal with the effort of reconciling the two divergent branches of work .
Git ’s lightweight branching style is good for the first case , because you ’re just looking for a simple way to isolate a few changes for a while , then merge them back .
At that point you delete the temporary branch and get on with your life .
The problem is that this does n’t seem to fit the second case nearly so well : a major branch which touches a lot of code should probably be a permanent part of your repository ’s history , if only so you can go back later and try to figure out what the hell you were thinking when you were working on it .
Once again I ’ll point out that you certainly can have a branch that you keep around for historical purposes once you ’ve finished with it and merged the work , but that ’s not the mindset encouraged by git ’s documentation or by most of its advocates .
Branches in git are , we ’re always told , ephemeral things to be used and thrown away , and so far as I know git does n’t have a way to indicate to your colleagues that you ’re done with a branch ; the only way to do this is to delete it , or to hope they see the final merge commit and understand that the branch is closed to further development ( and if there is a way to do this , it ’d be worth adding to the git - branch man page , preferably with clear and obvious language explaining how it works ) .
To be perfectly fair , though , at least it ’s no worse than Subversion , which also lacks a way to mark a branch as closed .
Every so often this results in someone popping up on one of the Django mailing lists and wondering why they ’re having such trouble working with a checkout of an ancient dead branch ( we ’ve lately adopted the seemingly - standard SVN convention of moving such branches into a directory named attic to try to discourage this ) .
Mercurial ’s three branching models
So let ’s talk about Mercurial , which has three major ways to do branching ( though really there are more workflows you could have — these are just the ones which seem to be actually used ) .
One of these it shares with git : you can clone an existing repository into some other location , work with it from there and push and pull between the clones as needed .
This is what I tend to do most of the time , and I ’ve seen others do it as well , but it ’s largely a matter of personal preference .
The other two are bookmarks and branches , and the fact that both exist is one reason ( among many ) why I prefer Mercurial ’s approach to version control .
Bookmarks are provided by the bookmarks extension , which is shipped with Mercurial itself .
Bookmarks provide a workflow quite close to git ’s lightweight branches : a bookmark is simply a named head in the repository , and the bookmark moves as you add commits .
A bookmark name is legal in almost any command which takes a changeset identifier , so you can hg update to get to your bookmark , merge based on it , etc .
And when you ’re done with it and your work ’s merged back into mainline , you can delete it .
The only thing you ca n’t do with a bookmark is clone ; bookmarks are n’t part of Mercurial ’s wire protocol , and hg clone does n’t know how to look them up and work with them .
Branches , meanwhile , are somewhat heavier , and more like the branches of traditional centralized systems ; also , they ’re built in to Mercurial , rather than being an extension .
Just as with a bookmark , a branch has a name , you can switch to it ( using hg branch ) , merge , and do all the other things you ’d expect .
You can also choose the branch or branches you want when cloning a repository .
When you ’re done with a branch , however , you cannot delete it from the repository ; instead , you issue a commit which closes the branch , and Mercurial notes that the branch is closed .
It ’ll remain a permanent part of your repository history .
By now you can probably see where I ’m going with this ; Mercurial ’s bookmarks and branches map pretty much perfectly onto the two big use cases I outlined above :
Bookmarks provide the lightweight temporary isolation you ’d want for small bugfixes and other minor work .
Branches provide the larger — collaborative and permanent — structure ideal for major lines of development .
There are , again , other ways you can work with Mercurial , but they tend to be quite a bit more specialized .
Patch queues , for example , can be used to emulate branching but should n’t ; they ’re a godsend for cases when you really need them ( and occasionally you will really need them ) , but it ’s important to resist the temptation to use them for everything .
The take - away
So often in discussion of distributed version - control tools , the majority of comments are people going on and on ( and on , and on , and on… ) about “ git - style branching ” .
But while git ’s encouraged branching model is good for certain use cases , it has some shortcomings for other important and common cases .
Mercurial ’s model of distinguishing lightweight , temporary lines of development ( bookmarks ) from larger extended branches is , to me at least , a more useful approach to branching , and one that git and git users might want to take a more thorough look at .
Meanwhile I think I ’m still somewhat on the fence regarding distributed version control , or at least the particular implementations of it we have right now , but most of my reasons are related to my secret superhero identity as Django ’s release manager and have to do with the difficulties of tracking and coordinating development across larger numbers of developers , repositories and workflows .
One of these days I ’ll probably write them up properly , but for now the PyCon talk I linked above has some useful pointers .
Also , comments are closed here and likely will remain so as part of a little experiment ; if there ’s something you ’d really like to say about this article , I ’m sure it ’ll end up on some aggregation site where I ’ll see it .
Quidquid latine dictum sit , altum sonatur .
Or ' Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound . '
There are two kinds of Latin speaker .
There is the kind who slowly forms an appreciation and understanding of the language , finding the right word to use and learning to conjugate verbs .
In advanced stages of learning the language , this results in Latin professorship .
The second kind of Latin speaker just memorises lists of quotations , and merely uses them to impress .
Given time , they lose track of which quotes correspond to which translation , and eventually end up whispering Aio , quantitas magna frumentorum est !
into the ears of hopeful young ladies , instead of something more traditionally romantic .
This affliction is easily remedied , generally by placing the offender next to a Latin professor at a dinner party .
However , this guide is for the third kind of Latin speaker .
The kind who will say Braccae tuae aperiuntur to spot the fakes .
The kind who can make a Latino laugh with a well - placed Te capiam , cunicule sceleste !
The important thing is to always insist that you only know a few handy Latin sayings for everyday use that anyone could pick up .
Any more will put you firmly in category two , and you do n't want that .
More to the point , we do n't want that either .
Useful Phrases
So , you 've suddenly found that you need to say a few choice words in Latin .
Here are the phrases , with handy English translations .
Nescio quid dicas I do n't know what you 're talking about Nemo hic adest illius nominis
There is no one here by that name Ita erat quando hic adveni .
It was that way when I got here Nihil declarandum I have nothing to declare Raptus regaliter Royally screwed Ut si !
As if !
Vescere bracis meis
Eat my shorts
Re vera , potas bene Say , you sure are drinking a lot Noli me vocare .
Ego te vocabo .
Do n't call me .
I 'll call you .
Nihil curo de ista tua stulta superstitione I 'm not interested in your dopey religious cult Canis meus id comedit My dog ate it Die dulci freure
Have a nice day Fac ut vivas
Get a life Fac me cocleario vomere !
Gag me with a spoon !
Recedite , plebes !
Gero rem imperialem Stand aside , little people !
I am here on official business Catapultam habeo .
Nisi pecuniam omnem mihi dabris , ad caput tuum saxum immane mittam .
I have a catapult .
Unless you give me all of your money , I will fling an enormous rock at your head .
Utinam barbari spatioum proprium tuum invadant May barbarians invade your personal space Quo signo nata es ?
What 's your sign ?
Romani quidem artem amatoriam invenerunt ...
You know , the Romans invented the art of love ...
Te audire no possum .
Musa sapientum fixa est in aure .
I can't hear you .
I have a banana in my ear .
Utinam coniurati te in foro interficiant May conspirators assasinate you in the hall Magister mundi sum !
I am the master of the universe !
Non sum pisces I am not a fish Radix lecti Couch potato Quantum materiae materietur marmota monax si marmota monax materiam possit materiari ?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ?
Unitam logica falsa tuam philosophiam totam suffodiant May faulty logic undermine your entire philosophy Cogito ergo sum I think , therefore I am Cogito ergo doleo I think , therefore I am depressed Senito aliquos togatos contra me conspirare I think some people in togas are plotting against me Vah !
Denuone latine loquebar ?
Me ineptum .
Interdum modo elabitur .
Oh !
Was I speaking Latin again ?
Silly me .
Sometimes it just sort of slips out .
Nihili est - in vita priore ego imperator romanus fui
That 's nothing ; in a previous life I was a Roman Emperor Aio , quantitas magna frumentorum est Yes , that is a very large amount of corn Perscriptio in manibus tabellariorum est
The cheque is in the post Non illigitamus carborundum
Do n't let the b'stards grind you down Nonne macescis ?
Have you lost weight ?
Minime senuisti !
You have n't aged a bit !
Id tibi praebet speciem lepidissimam !
It looks great on you !
Capillamentum ?
Haudquaquam conieci esse !
A wig ?
I never would have guessed !
Braccae tuae aperiuntur
Your fly is open Subucula tua apparet
Your slip is showing
In dentibus anticis frustum magnum spiniciae habes
You have a big piece of spinach in your front teeth Abutebaris modo subjunctivo
You 've been misusing the subjunctive Heus , hic nos omnes in agmine sunt !
Hey , we 're all in line here !
Non , mihi ignosce , credo me insequentem esse
No , excuse me , I believe I 'm next Nonne de novo eboraco venis ?
You 're from New York , are n't you ?
Bumper Stickers and Vanity Plates
Sona si latine loqueris
Honk if you speak Latin Balaenae nobis conservandae sunt
Save the whales Frena pro feris teneo I brake for animals Cum catapultae proscriptae erunt tum soli proscripti catapultas habebunt
When catapults are outlawed , only outlaws will have catapults Sic hoc adfixum in obice legere potes , et liberaliter educatus et nimis propinquus ades
If you can read this bumper sticker , you are both very well educated , and much too close Incitatus Speed demon Vagans Cruising Litoralis Beach bum Mannus Mustang Fractum Jalopy
Advanced Quotations
The following phrases are for those who can speak Latin while at the same time maintaining a cheesy accent .
This is harder than you think .
Despite all your best intentions to do a perfect rendition of Clint Eastwood from the film Dirty Harry , celebrity Latin accents invariably transform into something more akin to Manuel from Fawlty Towers .
Quid agis , medice ?
What 's up , Doc ?
Dic mihi solum facta , domina
Just the facts , ma'am
Re vera , cara mea , mea nil refert Frankly my dear , I do n't give a damn Farrago fatigans !
Thuffering thuccotash !
Fac ut gaudeam
Make my day Illius me paenitet , dux Sorry about that , chief Tuis pugis pignore !
You bet your bippy !
Diabolus fecit , ut id facerem !
The devil made me do it !
Osculare pultem meam !
Kiss my grits !
Credidi me felem vidisse !
I tought I taw a puddy tat !
Si fallatis officium , quaestor infitias eat se quicquam scire de factis vestris
If you fail , the secretary will disavow all knowledge of your activities
Te capiam , cunicule sceleste !
I 'll get you , you wascally wabbit !
Conlige suspectos semper habitos Round up the usual suspects Certe , toto , sentio nos in kansate non iam adesse
You know , Toto , I have a feeling we 're not in Kansas anymore
Me transmitte sursum , caledoni Beam me up , Scotty
Names and Titles
Translations of the names of some famous bands and television shows .
Coalition forces are trying to build on their gains in Marjah and Nad Ali Improvised bombs planted by Taliban fighters are slowing Nato 's big offensive in Afghanistan , military officials say .
The BBC's Frank Gardner , in Kandahar , says the homemade bombs have been planted in far greater numbers than Nato had anticipated .
Operation Moshtarak - targeting Taliban strongholds in southern Helmand province - has entered its third day .
Earlier , the Nato commander apologised after rockets killed 12 civilians .
Gen Stanley McChrystal said he " deeply regretted this tragic loss of life " and suspended use of the rocket launching system pending a " thorough review " .
Our correspondent says roadside bombs have slowed the advance of US troops in the area around Marjah .
Insurgents still in the area are believed to be concentrated in Marjah , while those in the British taskforce area of Nad Ali , to the north east , are thought to have either put down their weapons or retreated north .
' Surge ' strategy Nato intelligence chiefs believe the Taliban could be holding off attacks for a few days while they wait to see if Nato and Afghan forces are staying or leaving .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Nato and Afghan commanders insist they now have enough troops to hold the ground taken and will soon be bringing in hundreds of newly trained police to re-establish Afghan government control , our correspondent adds .
Gen Aminullah Patiani , of the Afghan army , said nearly all the targeted territory in Marjah and Nad Ali had been taken , the AFP news agency reported .
" All of the areas of Marjah and Nad Ali have been taken by combined forces .
They are under our control , " he said .
" The Taliban have left the areas , but the threat from IEDs [ improvised explosive devices ] remains . "
Operation Moshtarak , meaning " together " in the Dari language , is the biggest coalition attack since the Taliban fell in 2001 .
The operation is also considered the first big test of US President Barack Obama 's new " surge " strategy for Afghanistan .
Moving into the centre of the town of Marjah on Sunday , US marines and Afghan soldiers came under intense fire from Taliban fighters .
Insurgents were believed to be holed up in a nearby compound , so two rockets were fired by a High Mobility Artillery Rocket System ( HMARS ) , a truck - mounted multiple rocket launcher .
The rockets , however , veered off course and hit a house about 300 m ( 980 ft ) from their intended target , killing 12 civilians , according to Nato .
ANALYSIS Frank Gardner ,
BBC News , Kandahar
It 's day three of the joint Nato - Afghan military operation and forces have experienced both successes and setbacks .
After inserting thousands of troops by helicopter into Taliban - held territory , Nato commanders say they are so far achieving their military objectives .
Meanwhile US , British and Afghan forces are having to cope with an unexpectedly high number of improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) .
For all the hi-tech aerial surveillance , infrared cameras and sophisticated eavesdropping at Nato 's disposal , its forces appear to have underestimated the scale of the problem of these roadside bombs .
Situation report : Day three President Hamid Karzai has called for an investigation into the deaths .
Ten of those killed were from the same family , his office said .
At a news conference on Monday , Gen McChrystal said President Karzai had stressed the importance of protecting Afghan civilians during the operation .
" This operation has been done with that in mind , " he said .
" While this is an Afghan - led operation , I think it highlights the special partnership which we 've developed that I 'm very proud of .
And I would ask the media to watch the bravery of Afghan national security forces and their coalition partners because I 'm exceptionally proud of how they are performing . "
Speaking at the same conference , Afghan interior minister Mohammad Hanif Atmar urged Taliban fighters to lay down their arms and take up the government 's offer of reconciliation .
" There is no way you can win , " he said .
Our correspondent says the civilian deaths are very damaging for a campaign aimed at protecting the local population and driving a wedge between them and the insurgents .
In the meantime , progress in Marjah is slow and painstaking , and officials say the town may not be cleared out for weeks .
US Marines commander Brig Gen Larry Nicholson told the AFP news agency his forces had " blown up a lot of IEDs " and come up against " a lot of sniper fire " .
He said it could take up to 30 days to make the area safe .
To the north in Nad Ali district , British forces appear to be facing less resistance , says the BBC's Martin Patience in Kabul .
They have also started reaching out to residents , assuring them of their intentions and hoping to build trust , and to local elders by holding meetings with them and promising to bring large numbers of police , our correspondent says .
' Good start ' Operation Moshtarak began before dawn on Saturday when more than 15,000 troops flew into central Helmand .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The " surge " approach drove most of the insurgents out of Iraq and there is no reason why it should n't work in Afghanistan Alan Trent , London Send us your comments US forces , led by 4,000 Marines , are focusing on Marjah , while 4,000 British troops are in Nad Ali .
A large Afghan force , as well as Canadians , Danes and Estonians , is also involved .
Three Isaf deaths related to Operation Moshtarak have been confirmed .
On Saturday , a British soldier , Lance Sergeant David Greenhalgh of 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards , died in an improvised explosive device ( IED ) attack , while a US soldier was killed by gunfire in Marjah .
On Sunday , another service member was killed in an IED attack .
At least 20 Taliban fighters were killed and another 11 detained on Saturday , an Afghan commander said .
Another British casualty was announced on Monday , although not connected to Operation Moshtarak .
UK officials said the soldier from 2nd Battalion , The Duke of Lancaster 's Regiment died during an night - time patrol near Musa Qaleh in Helmand on Sunday .
The chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm Mike Mullen , said Operation Moshtarak had got " off to a good start " .
" It 's actually very difficult to predict [ the end ] .
We have from a planning standpoint talked about a few weeks , but I do n't know that , " he added .
Are you in Helmand province ?
What will the military operation there achieve ?
Send us your views using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two weeks before their scheduled release in April , the new LEGO Prince of Persia sets have found their way first to Toys R Us online .
Three out of the five sets are now available at MSRP , and with free shipping over $ 100 , this makes for a great opportunity to get these new sets early !
UPDATE : you can use the code 935009 ( exp. 3/21/10 ) to receive $ 10 off on orders over $ 50 .
However , this cannot be combined with the free shipping offer .
( 258 pcs. $ 29.99 )
( 506 pcs. $ 49.99 )
Related
( 821 pcs. $ 79.99 )
Samantha , the pug- nosed cat , and Daniel Harlan , a homeless man who owned her , were reunited Tuesday .
Harlan wept when Tom Neville , who had the missing cat for weeks , gave Samantha back .
" I thought I 'd lost her for good , " Harlan said .
The cat and Harlan got together again after The Chronicle ran a story Tuesday , along with a picture , about the cat 's disappearance .
Neville saw it and recognized Samantha as the animal he rescued from life on the streets .
Harlan was convinced his Himalayan cat had been stolen and maybe sold for money .
He searched all over for the cat and tried to file a missing cat report with the police and the SPCA , but had no luck .
As it turned out , the cat had n't been stolen at all , only rescued .
As Neville tells it , he was driving to work one rainy morning and spotted a wet and bedraggled cat tied on a leash under the freeway at a homeless encampment near Eighth and Brannan streets .
Dogs were nearby and , to a stranger , the cat 's situation looked desperate .
Neville said he asked around , but nobody knew anything .
So he picked up the cat , put it in his car and took her to work .
Harlan said he put the cat on a leash while he went to get food at a nearby store .
When he returned , Samantha - his companion for nearly four years - was gone .
Meanwhile , Neville had taken the cat under his wing .
She was a mess , he said .
Her hair was matted , and she had fleas and sores .
He gave her a bath , fed her and gave her a warm place to sleep in his waterfront office , where he is a management assistant for a hotel chain .
The cat thrived , he said .
" You should see her now , " he said .
Neville was working on finding a permanent home for her , when a friend called and told him that the cat he'd rescued had its picture in the paper .
Sure enough , the cat in the picture looked very much like Samantha , the homeless man 's missing cat .
Neville was torn ; he believed he 'd given the cat a new lease on life .
He did n't want to see the animal go back to the homeless life .
" I wanted to do the right thing , " he said .
He thought about it for hours , but then got Harlan 's phone number from The Chronicle story and called .
Harlan told him about his life with Samantha .
" He does love her , " Neville said .
" No question about it . "
He invited Harlan to his office to see the cat to be sure it was Samantha .
" He cried when he saw her , " Neville said .
Neville offered to buy the cat , but Harlan said he could n't sell her .
So Neville gave the cat back , along with some cat food and $ 40 to help out .
He also gave the cat a standing invitation to stay in his office , any night .
Harlan used the money to buy a new collar and leash for Samantha along with a cart with wheels for the cat , a sleeping bag and a few necessities .
He said he hoped he could find a place to live .
Maybe a shelter would take them both in .
He was n't sure .
He planned to spend Tuesday sleeping in the Transbay Terminal .
" They do n't bother you too much there , " he said .
Meanwhile , Harlan and the cat have become minor celebrities - their story got out on the Internet , on radio and television .
He got hundreds of phone calls on his cell phone , some from faraway places like Kuwait , Germany , Korea , and Mississippi , he said .
Some offered money .
" I appreciate all the help people are offering , " he said .
" But I can't take money .
I 've always tried to do stuff on my own , but it do n't work most of the time . "
Samantha , the cat , took a walk on her new leash , allowed herself to be petted , looked at Harlan with her startling orange - colored eyes and had no comment .
Enterprising South Koreans have found a solution to the problem of using their iPhones in frigid weather : sausages .
From Clusterflock comes word that a Korean cold snap has inspired iPhone users in that country to use CJ Corporation 's meaty Max snack sausages as iPhone styli , keeping their hands well - protected in toasty gloves .
Devoted iPhone fanbois are n't deterred by frosty conditions
This delectable discovery has been a boon to the CJ Corporation .
According to one Korean report , sales of Max sausages in convenience stores has surged a full 39 per cent over the same period last year .
Interestingly , frigid iPhone fingering is not a problem that Apple has ignored .
As we reported early last year , Cupertino has filed a patent application entitled " High tactility glove system " to protect one 's tender digits when Morther Nature turns a cold shoulder .
Even in cozy confines , a dual - mode Max sausage can fuel both mind and body
Of course , there are other solutions to using your iPhone in wintry weather - the Pogo Stylus , for example , does a fine job of interfacing with the iPhone 's capacitance touchscreen .
And although our testing revealed the Tavo glove 's PlayPoint technology to be a bit hit - or - miss , it 's better than frostbite .
However , as one Polish web site notes : " Po zredagowanym SMSie taką kiełbaskę można zjeść i przyjemność z korzystania z telefonu jest jeszcze większa . "
Roughly translated , this insightful analysis reads : " Once you 've edited an SMS , having a sausage you can eat makes the pleasure of using a mobile phone even greater . " ®
Tabletler eskisi kadar sıcak olmayabilir ve güçlü kullanıcılar için gerçek bir PC değişiminden uzaktırlar , ancak form faktörü hala popülerdir ve birçok kullanıcı ve vaka senaryosu için çok yararlıdır .
Tabletler de gelişmeye devam ediyor ve çok hesaplı bilgi işlem .
The old arguments about why there are so few conservative college professors got a new twist recently .
Neil Gross , professor of sociology at the University of British Columbia and Ethan Fosse , a doctoral student at Harvard , argued in a paper ( available on Professor Gross ’ website ) that the key reason why few conservatives go into the teaching profession is that the stereotype of the job of a professor just does n’t fit the image they have of themselves .
Just as few men want to go into nursing because it ’s viewed as a woman ’s occupation , so do few conservatives want to go into the professiorate because it ’s viewed as a liberal ’s occupation .
The Pope Center asked a number of professors known to be conservative or libertarian in outlook to comment on the Gross / Fosse thesis .
Here are their replies .
Michael Munger — Duke University
Some people have claimed that the lack of conservative professors is caused by the fact
that conservatives are n’t interested in being professors .
In other words , conservatives are n’t interested in things like history , literature , and the classics .
Presumably , the idea is that conservatives just want to play golf and wear plaid pants and sweater sets in alarming colors .
This idea is absurd on its face : history , literature , classical education , and constitutional government are at the very center of the conservative ideal .
The people who claim “ there are n’t many ! ” as an explanation for “ there are none ! ” do n’t really care about facts , or real arguments .
They believe , as quite a few faculty have told me with straight faces , that expecting a history or English department to hire a conservative is like asking a biology department to hire a creationist .
Being a conservative , in many places , is just not intellectually respectable .
Jonathan Bean — Southern Illinois University
In 1995 , I squeaked through to a tenure - track job because there were still older liberals who were open to people with differing viewpoints .
Even then , the next generation of scholars in history and related fields was orchestrating a silent , effective purge of conservatives , libertarians and people of faith .
The purge begins with graduate reading lists ( you read Edward Said but never learn about Bernard Lewis ; read Marx and never learn the name Hayek ) .
I have seen job descriptions written to select the “ right ” people interested in gender studies or “ critical race theory . ”
The shift to “ diversity liberalism ” has the stamp of accreditation bodies institutional mission statements , and is increasingly a requirement — call it a loyalty oath — that all faculty are expected to obey .
The leftist professoriate exhibits what Guy Alchon calls “ doughnut skepticism ” : all critical thinking is directed outward at the hated mainstream culture , particularly the business classes .
There is little genuine self - reflection , in part because left - of - center scholars believe that they “ are the other side ” balancing out the ( supposedly ) conservative culture that surrounds them .
It ’s a paranoid and parochial style of academic politics that leads them to purge dissidents who disagree with their view of the world .
Is higher education a “ hostile environment ” for conservatives and libertarians ?
You betcha .
Burton Folsom — Hillsdale College
For sure , liberals breed liberals and likes attract likes .
Thus , the leftists on campus perpetuate themselves generation after generation .
The Gross and Fosse article goes into more variables , and some of those are probably important , too .
Academics usually have modest life styles — no serious desire for a Mercedes or a beach house .
Also , they must be loners to some extent .
I ca n’t see , however , that there is anything in the professor ’s job that makes it unappealing to conservatives and libertarians .
Mark Bauerlein — Emory University
Although one is tempted to quibble with this or that contention in “ Why Are Professors Liberal ? ” the ultimate conclusion to the study rings altogether true to me .
It is : “ the professoriate , along with a number of other knowledge work fields , has been ‘ politically typed ’ as appropriate for and welcoming of people with broadly liberal political sensibilities , and as inappropriate for conservatives . ”
Whether that reputation is deserved or not , it has an impact upon students with any ideological radar and they respond accordingly .
If they sense at age 19 that an occupation is uncongenial to their dispositions , they ’ll drift elsewhere .
Thus a self - selection process reinforces the reputation over time .
The pattern is acute in academia , more so than in other professions .
This is because students have sustained exposure to academic workplaces all through college ; they see them up close , and they have direct dealings with the professionals .
They do n’t spend years learning in hospitals , courtrooms , labs , software firms , TV stations , etc. , and so they ca n’t derive judgments of the “ occupational politics ” of medicine , law , and so on .
But in class they soon sense the values of their teachers ( teachers are a lot more transparent than they think ) , and they learn what counts as good work and bad .
As liberal and leftist values circulate freely from one class to the next , the impression hardens and conservatives steer clear .
After all , for even the successful ones , job security in humanities fields takes around six years of graduate school , a few years of post - doc and adjunct work , then six years as an assistant professor before that halo of tenure descends .
Would bright conservative students want to throw their 20s and 30s away on such a career gamble ?
Mary Grabar — Georgia Perimeter College
Had Neil Gross and Ethan Fosse bothered to talk to conservatives in the academy or to the multitudes who left in disgust , they might have learned about the harassment , ridicule , censorship , and open discrimination we face .
I would have told them about my experiences in graduate school , like being branded an ignorant Christian fundamentalist for simply pointing out the religious references in T.S. Eliot ’s poem Ash Wednesday .
A rhetoric professor , for my lonely defense of Socrates in the dialogues , suggested that I might even like the writings of “ fascist ” writer Richard Weaver .
That is how I often made my discoveries of the rich conservative intellectual tradition .
While my colleagues proudly post photos from Obama and Biden signed , “ Thanks for your help , ” we conservatives tremble lest a hiring committee discover a letter to the editor on the Internet or our membership in the National Association of Scholars .
Job descriptions do not call for our scholarship .
A colleague on a one - year contract was told he was not eligible for the permanent position because it was changed to one for a “ gender historian . ”
Even though I ’ve learned to stay quiet during political discussions in the break room , I ’ve received nasty emails from colleagues and former professors for my published columns .
William Anderson — Frostburg State
While self - selection might explain part of why college faculties are so left - leaning , it hardly provides a full explanation .
One thing to keep in mind is that for all of the talk about “ knowledge ” and “ cutting - end information , ” higher education often is on the “ cutting edge ” of nothing .
In many disciplines , being current on knowledge — or even being correct , for that matter — is not important .
Where else but in higher education ( and government ) could something as fraudulent as “ Keynesian economics ” be considered “ good ” economics ?
Higher education is not a profit - making entity ( for the most part ) , and factors other than ability and know - how play large roles in hiring of new professors .
One of those factors is political ideology , and since people are more comfortable being surrounded by others who think like they do , it is not surprising that many universities and colleges will hire people who are like the others .
In other words , the whole thing builds upon itself .
Thomas Bertonneau — SUNY
Oswego
The study by Fosse and Gross , aside from offering a circular argument ( the academy is liberal because liberals — rather than conservatives — are drawn to the academy ) , runs counter to everything that I have observed in nearly thirty years of combined graduate - school and teaching experience at the college level .
The professoriate is not merely liberal , it is radically left liberal in its basic assumptions and it is relentless in its determination to make itself homogeneously left liberal , if necessary by driving out difference .
Even where a majority of faculty members are , perhaps , not vehement in their like - minded attitude , the true believers tend to dominate the institutional structure and set the tone .
The degree of hostility toward dissent would likely shock an outsider .
The most ridiculous claim by Fosse and Gross is that the political character of the academy can be explained in part by the fact that the scholarly life attracts people who have a “ a high tolerance for controversial ideas . ”
On the contrary : the academy is intellectually conformist and averse to actual controversy .
On every subject — from “ global warming ” to Darwinism to affirmative action to abortion — there is one permissible opinion .
HUNTSVILLE , AL --
The Rocket City is applying to become a test market for Google 's new ultra - high speed broadband network ,
.
Wayne Brooks , Huntsville 's interim information technology services director , said he is working with the Chamber of Commerce to gather all sorts of information requested by Google , including income levels , the percentage of high - tech jobs and existing Internet connection speeds here .
Cities competing for Google Fiber -- and there are many , including Seattle , St. Louis and Washington , D.C. -- have until March 26 to turn in their applications .
Google plans to build and test the fiberoptic network in one or more trial communities later this year , serving as many as 500,000 people .
It will deliver Internet speeds 100 times faster than what most Americans currently have access to , Google says .
" I 'm going to try to provide them with the best picture I possibly can of Huntsville so they 'll want to come , " Brooks said this morning .
" We 're definitely giving it the old college try . "
Mayor Tommy
Battle plans to create a " Get Google " task force in the coming days to rally community support for Huntsville 's application .
You can get behind the idea now by joining the " Google4HSV " fan page on Facebook .
Started by Huntsville resident Peyton McNully , it already has more than 2,800 members .
" This is a high - tech town .
We 've got more than enough knowledge " to be Google 's test market , said McNully , who runs a Web applications team at L3 Communications .
" I think we 've definitely got a shot . "
[ / caption ]
Oh - oh -oh Orion !
The new VISTA ( Visible and Infrared Survey Telescope for Astronomy ) infrared survey telescope has used its huge field of view to show the full splendor of the Orion Nebula .
With its infrared eyes , it has peered deeply into dusty regions that are normally hidden to expose the curious behavior of the very active young stars buried there .
VISTA is the latest addition to ESO ’s Paranal Observatory .
It is the largest survey telescope in the world and is dedicated to mapping the sky at infrared wavelengths .
The large ( 4.1 - metre ) mirror , wide field of view and very sensitive detectors make VISTA a unique instrument .
This dramatic new image of the Orion Nebula illustrates VISTA ’s remarkable powers .
The Orion Nebula is about 1,350 light - years from Earth .
Although spectacular when seen through an ordinary telescope , what can be seen using visible light is only a small part of a cloud of gas in which stars are forming .
Most of the action is deeply embedded in dust clouds and to see what is really happening astronomers need to use telescopes with detectors sensitive to the longer wavelength radiation that can penetrate the dust .
VISTA has imaged the Orion Nebula at wavelengths about twice as long as can be detected by the human eye .
On the upper - left , the central region of VISTA ’s view of the Orion Nebula is shown , centered on the four dazzling stars of the Trapezium .
A rich cluster of young stars can be seen here that is invisible in normal , visible light images .
In the lower - right panel the part of the nebula to the north of the center is shown .
Here there are many young stars embedded in the dust clouds that are only apparent because their infrared glow can penetrate the dust and be detected by the VISTA camera .
Many outflows , jets and other interactions from young stars are apparent , seen in the infrared glow from molecular hydrogen and showing up as red blobs .
On the upper - right , a region to the west of center is shown .
Here the fierce ultraviolet light from the Trapezium is sculpting the gas clouds into curious wavy shapes .
A distant edge - on spiral galaxy is also seen shining right through the nebula .
At the lower - left a region south of the center is shown .
Each extract covers a region of sky about nine arcminutes across .
All these features are of great interest to astronomers studying the birth and youth of stars .
Source : ESO
CHINA has warned United States President Barack Obama not to meet the Dalai Lama and threatened diplomatic reprisals over US arms sales to Taiwan , opening a new front in an escalating feud between the world 's top powers .
Beijing 's tough rhetoric piled pressure on a crucial relationship already severely strained over Google 's threat to halt operations in China , which sparked a row over Internet freedom , and a host of trade and currency disputes .
China and the United States are working together on several pressing international disputes , including fraught negotiations aiming to curb the nuclear ambitions of North Korea and Iran .
But Beijing hinted today that it may no longer be willing to play by US rules on such key foreign policy issues , and blamed Washington for any negative consequences .
" China - US relations , in important international and regional issues , will inevitably be influenced ( by the Taiwan deal ) and the responsibility completely lies with the United States , '' foreign ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said .
Ma also called on US companies selling arms to Taiwan - corporate giants like Boeing , Lockheed Martin and Raytheon - to back away from the arms deal , after earlier warning that Beijing could impose sanctions .
China is now the largest holder of US government debt , and some analysts have suggested that its economic clout has emboldened leaders of the world 's most populous nation to take on Washington in a more forceful way .
The sanctions threat was indeed a new step by Beijing , which has always strongly opposed US arms sales to Taiwan and also cut off military and security contacts with Washington in retaliation for the deal .
Washington last week approved a package of Patriot missiles , Black Hawk helicopters and other military hardware totalling $ US6.4 billion ( $ 7.18 billion ) for Taiwan , which China views as part of its territory awaiting reunification .
2010 Winter Olympics : Canada 's Double Threat
The brakeman on Canada ’s women ’s bobsleigh team , Heather Moyse , doubles as a fullback and wingback in the national rugby program .
The bobsleigh team is expected to break start records in the World Cup on the way to the 2010 Winter Olympics with Heathers help .
Her athletes do n’t stop at with being a brakeman .
The national rugby team is holding a spot for her as well with plans for the Olympic debut of women ’s rugby in 2016 .
“ The only time I think about it is when I think , why is not in 2012 instead of 2016 ? ”
Heather said .
“ London .
How perfect would that be ?
But , you know , I barely know what I ’m doing next year .
The thought is super - exciting , but I will not be staying in elite level athletics until then .
I ’d like to have time to , you know , develop a relationship and maybe have a family .
If I feel like I need to test myself ….. maybe I would come out of retirement .
It just depends where I am in life . ”
For now , Canada will have to settle for an amazing brakeman , and 2010 rugby World Cup player .
Heather was the leading scorer in the 2008 Hong Kong Rugby Sevens tournament and Canada ’s only all - star in the 2006 women ’s rugby World Cup .
She is dealing with a shoulder injury that she says will have little impact on her bobsleigh ability , and the women ’s rugby World Cup is n’t until August , so she will have time to heal before she needs to make tackles .
The U.K. and the Netherlands will propose to Iceland a new plan to reimburse the countries for their multibillion - dollar bailout of the Icelandic banking sector , a person familiar with the matter said .
If the plan is accepted , Iceland would n't have to put debt repayments to a referendum — a step that has thrown into question the international plan to bail out the country and cast doubts on its bid to join the European Union .
In January , Iceland 's president vetoed a bill to reimburse the U.K. and the Netherlands for bailing out their countries ' depositors in Icelandic accounts .
The matter is set to go to a referendum .
On Friday , the main details of the repayment remained the same : Iceland would pay about $ 5 billion to the U.K. and Netherlands but can take advantage of a seven - year grace period before payments must begin .
Under the new proposed terms , the U.K. and Netherlands would change the interest payments from a fixed to a floating rate — a move they believe will ease Iceland 's burden , this person said .
The October 2008 collapse of one bank , Landsbanki Islands , triggered the trouble .
Hundreds of thousands of British and Dutch depositors , wooed by high interest rates , had placed money with Landsbanki through an Internet arm called Icesave .
Children taught skills to monitor and control their anger and other emotions improved their classroom behavior and had significantly fewer school disciplinary referrals and suspensions , according to a study by University of Rochester Medical Center researchers .
Children in a school - based mentoring program were about half as likely to have any discipline incident over the three - month period of the study , according to an article published online by the Journal of Abnormal Child Psychology .
They also had a 43 percent decrease in mean suspensions as compared to the control group , which did not receive mentoring of the self - control skills .
In the four - month interval after the intervention began , 1.8 percent of children in the mentored group were suspended compared to 6.1 percent of the control group .
Children taught the new skills also had a 46 percent decrease in mean office disciplinary referrals as compared to the children in the study 's control group
" It is exciting that adult mentors , who are not mental health professionals , taught children a set of skills that significantly strengthened the children 's ability to function well in their classrooms and meet school expectations , " said Peter Wyman , Ph.D. , lead author of the article and associate professor of Psychiatry at the Medical Center .
" This study suggests that with appropriate guidance from a trained adult , young children are capable of learning a great deal about their emotions and skills for handling their emotions effectively and those skills can have direct , positive benefits for their functioning in school . "
The study evaluated the effectiveness of the Rochester Resilience Project that was developed by Wyman and Wendi Cross , Ph.D. , associate professor of Psychiatry and Pediatrics at the Medical Center , to address the needs of young children with emerging behavioral and social - emotional problems by providing an accessible school - based intervention .
In a relationship with an intervention mentor over four months , children learn and practice behavioral and cognitive skills designed to strengthen their self - regulation of emotions and address specific goals to improve school adaptation .
" Our goal in developing the Rochester Resilience Project was to ' translate ' findings from research about how children learn skills to be more resilient in relationships with adults into an accessible program in schools , " Wyman said .
" Being a successful student in elementary school classrooms establishes a foundation that makes healthy development more likely in the future . "
Activities establish the Resilience Project mentor as an empathic adult informed about each child 's life context , strengths and challenges .
Through adult - led interactive learning and practice in natural settings , children are taught to monitor their own emotions and the emotion of others , using cues to identify feelings and intensities of feelings .
Mentors introduce ' feelings check - in ' as a standard practice that serves as a teaching tool about feelings and a transition to skills focused on managing feelings .
advertisement
Self - control and reducing escalation of emotions is taught through the concept of a " feelings thermometer " to depict intensity .
Children learn to use " mental muscles " as a tool to monitor feelings and to stop feelings from entering a hot zone .
They also learn to maintain control and regain equilibrium through strategies such as taking a deep - breath , stepping back from emotionally intense situations , and using an imaginary umbrella as protection from hurtful words .
For each of the 14 weekly lessons , children met individually with their mentors for approximately 25 minutes in a private setting during the school day .
The skills taught to children are labeled in simple terms suited to developmental level .
Reinforcement and feedback from mentors in settings in which children use new skills is also critical for children to successfully acquire the skills .
Mentors collaborated with teachers to identify classroom situations in which the mentors could provide reminders to children to use new skills , and cues were provided , a sticker or button , for example , for the child to take as a reminder .
In the study , 226 children from kindergarten up to third grade in two urban elementary schools took part .
They had manifested emerging behavioral , social - emotional , and / or on - task learning problems at school .
This population was selected due to evidence that those problems increase the likelihood that children will be less successful at school and may develop behavioral problems , such as substance abuse .
Children who received the intervention showed improved functioning in all domains of classroom behavior rated by teachers .
The intervention had a positive impact on children 's classroom behaviors and rates of disciplinary incidents , including fewer aggressive or disruptive problems , improved on - task learning behaviors and peer social skills , and less shy - withdrawn and more assertive behaviors , the researchers concluded .
After the study was completed , children in the control group also were mentored and taught the self - control skills .
The mentoring improved peer social skills for girls but not for boys .
advertisement
" We found that girls benefited more than boys in terms of improved peer social skills , and the reasons are unknown , " the researchers state .
" We note that all mentors were female .
It is possible that congruence of child - mentor pairs on sex and other characteristics may influence the extent to which children perceive mentors as valid models for assisting them with social skills . "
This study demonstrates the potential for the Rochester Resilience Project model to reach large numbers of low - income minority children who have limited access to mental health services , the researchers concluded .
" We are continuing to evaluate the Rochester Resilience Project , including studying how enduring its effects are and experiences that help children to maintain the benefits , " Wyman said .
" My colleagues and I applaud the Rochester City School District administration and school staff who worked closely with us to try out this program and carefully test its impact . "
The National Institutes of Health and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration funded the research .
In addition to Wyman and Cross , the authors of the article include : C. Hendricks Brown , Ph.D. , professor of Epidemiology and Public Health at the University of Miami ; Qin Yu , Ph.D. , research associate at the University of Pennsylvania ; Xin Tu , Ph.D. , professor of Biostatistics and Psychiatry at the Medical Center ; Shirley Eberly , M.S. , research associate in the Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology at the Medical Center .
John Philpott , the leading employment economist , at the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development said : " Unemployment is sharply down , however you measure it .
Yet there are also 54,000 fewer people in work , with full - time jobs particularly hard hit .
The apparent paradox is explained by a very sharp rise of 149,000 in the number of economically inactive people , with the number of students surging by 98,000 .
Jobless young people are thus turning to study in their thousands to avoid the dole . "
By Andres Schipani
BBC News , La Paz
In the early 19th Century , Bolivian women fought alongside men for the country 's independence from colonial Spain .
They stormed into battle on horseback , seized cities and were on the frontline .
But their presence on the battlefield did not translate into presence in the political life of their nation .
For many , their education , job opportunities and political rights were limited - until now .
Justice Minister Copa started her political career as a trade unionist " For a long time , we women have been excluded - it was one of the dark legacies of the colonial model , " the recently appointed Justice Minister , Nilda Copa , told the BBC at her office .
" I remember my mother did n't know how to read and write , neither did my grandmother ... not because they did n't want to learn , " Ms Copa says .
Ms Copa joined a trade union very young , when she was only 16 , because she felt a drastic change was needed and that was the only platform where women " had some voice " .
And that change seems to have arrived .
Today , posters proclaiming the slogans of female Bolivian heroes such as indigenous rebel Bartolina Sisa and independence icon Juana Azurduy plaster the walls of several ministries .
That shows the fervour felt in the Bolivia of President Evo Morales , who seems to be changing things not only for the country 's indigenous majority , but also for its women .
Half of Mr Morales 's new cabinet is made up of women Today women are involved in running the country as never before .
Mr Morales began his second mandate last month with a cabinet reshuffle that complies with the gender parity stated in the new constitution he pushed for .
Now the new cabinet has 10 men and 10 women , three of them indigenous .
" There used to be a lot of racism and machismo .
There is still some , but now that structure is changing thanks to brother Evo Morales , " Ms Copa says .
" Today , for example , there are no illiterate women , but women with enough capacity to develop activities at the same level as men .
But the fight has been harsh and long . "
Her voice trails off and she focuses on a picture of her and Mr Morales from the times when she was a member of the assembly that wrote Bolivia 's new constitution .
Homage For Mr Morales , achieving gender parity in the cabinet was a long - held aim .
" One of my dreams has come true - half the cabinet seats are held by women , " Mr Morales said recently .
" This is a homage to my mother , my sister and my daughter . "
Mr Morales said that since his early days as a leader of the coca trade union , he had always worked towards getting women into decision - making posts based on the chacha warmi , a concept that in the local Aymara indigenous culture means that men and women are complementary in an egalitarian way .
Ms Montano believes women have been key supporters of Mr Morales But another sign that women 's political influence is on the rise is the fact that they now occupy an unprecedented 30 % of seats in Bolivia 's new legislative branch .
One of them is Gabriela Montano , a senator who represents the eastern city of Santa Cruz - Bolivia 's opposition heartland - on behalf of Mr Morales 's party , the Movement Towards Socialism ( MAS ) .
" This is the fruit of the women 's fight : the tangible proofs of this new state , of this new Bolivia are the increasing participation of the indigenous peoples and the increasing participation of women in the decision - making process of this country , " Ms Montano told the BBC .
Ms Montano was the subject of several physical attacks during her stint as the government 's envoy to Santa Cruz , and last year she was kept at a secret location as a safety precaution after she was threatened by opposition groups .
" The awakening of women has been brewing for a while .
Women have been a key element in the consolidation of this process of change led by President Morales , from the rallies , the protests , the fights .
Now , they will be a key element in affairs of national interest , " Ms Montano says .
However , while change for women is under way , for some there is still a long way to go until full equality is achieved .
" Not long ago , 10 years ago , nobody talked about women in power in this country , that was unimaginable , " explains Katia Uriona , of the women 's advocacy group Coordinadora de la Mujer .
" And even if I applaud all of these victories , I am aware this is not enough .
Now we have to see if all of this is translated into something concrete that will truly change the gender face of this country . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Emission Spectra Scarves
Scarf depicting the emission spectrum of molybdenum ( Mo )
These Emission Spectra Scarves are lovingly machine - knit from black and colored 100 % cotton yarn .
They measure about 6.5 feet long and 7 inches wide .
Pictured above is Matt Mechtley sporting a custom quasar , and Limor ( Ladyada ) Fried and Andrew Salomone both wearing Silicon .
More photos at my photoset and adafruit ’s Flickr .
This scarf was originally Amanda Wozniak ‘s idea .
Download patterns to make your own !
Thanks to Bryn Davies for the Spectra Pattern Generator Python script ( no longer accessible ) .
You can generate a pattern based on your knitting gauge at Bryn ’s site download the python program and run it yourself :
Patterns below are for machine knitting or teeny needles :
Silicon [ PDF ]
Gold [ PDF ]
Manganese [ PDF ]
Mercury [ PDF ]
Iron [ PDF ]
Tungsten [ PDF ]
Uranium [ PDF ]
Molybdenum [ paginated PDF | one long list PDF ]
Lead [ PDF ]
If you like this project , try these others !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Pinterest
If Steven P. Jobs wants relief from one of his more merciless satirists , a television set may not be the best place to turn .
On Tuesday the cable channel Epix and the studio Media Rights Capital said they had struck a development deal for a new series called “ iCon , ” to be written by Dan Lyons , a Newsweek contributor who has sent up Mr. Jobs , the chief executive of Apple Computer , on his popular blog , the Secret Diary of Steve Jobs ( fakesteve.net ) , and in his novel “ Options : The Secret Life of Steve Jobs  A Parody . ”
The project , which Epix described in a news release as “ a savage satire centering on a fictional Silicon Valley C.E.O.
whose ego is a study in power and greed , ” is being overseen by Larry Charles , the director of “ Borat , ” “ Religulous ” and “ Brüno ” and a veteran writer and producer of “ Seinfeld ” and “ Curb Your Enthusiasm . ”
No date was given for when “ iCon ” will have its debut or when it might be available on iTunes .
I ’m not certain if it says more about J.D. Salinger , Jethro Tull or me , that when I think of the ultimate coming - of - age treatise from the trenches , it ’s not a novel but a trio of albums .
AU date rape column angers students
American University students are demanding that the campus newspaper fire one of its columnists and issue an apology after publishing a column Monday that called date rape " an incoherent concept . "
The column in The Eagle newspaper was written by Alex Knepper , 20 , a sophomore political science major .
Knepper wrote that a woman who attends a fraternity party , drinks more than five glasses of alcohol and follows a guy to his room is indicating that she is willing to have sex and should not " cry date rape " the next morning .
Knepper , who is openly gay , often writes on topics that infuriate students and hopes to someday be a political commentator .
In an interview Monday he said that " real rape , " which occurs when a stranger " thrusts sex into a non-sexual situation , " is a heinous crime and rapists should be severely punished .
Not surprisingly , the column has already received more than 175 comments and several letters to the editor .
Early Monday morning an unknown person or persons collected hundreds of copies of the paper from around campus and piled them in front of the student newspaper office , under a sign reading : " No room for rape apologists . "
" I have a fun time stirring the pot , " Knepper said in an interview Monday .
" I do n't mind being hated for my views . "
Knepper and his editors are standing behind the column .
Editor in chief Jen Calantone said she decided to publish the column because it would " foster an interesting discussion . "
The Eagle , which publishes twice a week , plans to print numerous letters to the editor and rebuttals to the column in its Thursday paper .
Editors are also in the process of organizing a Thursday night forum so students can ask questions and share their opinions .
Calantone also wrote a letter to readers , which was posted on the newspaper 's Web site Monday afternoon .
By publishing this piece , we were not trying to display our tacit support of Knepper 's views .
However , as journalists , we are not in the business of censorship .
As an editor , I would not feel right to fire or censor a writer who has offended people , because I believe that he has raised questions that warrant discussion .
Many students say they were appalled by the column and the newspaper 's decision to publish it .
" This column promotes the culture of blaming the victim and excusing rape .
That sort of speech has no business in the student paper , " said Drew Franklin , a senior audio production major who is helping to organize a protest of the column .
" The publication itself crossed a line . "
Sarah Brown , director of the university 's Women 's Initiative , wrote in a letter to the editor that it was " irresponsible and shameful " for the The Eagle to publish the column .
As students and as human beings , we have the right to attend a party without being sexually assaulted .
We are entitled to wear what we choose to , to have a drink , or to move to a new space with an acquaintance without fearing for our security .
We are the only ones who can decide with whom and when we will have sex -- passionate and spontaneous consensual sex .
If you do n't feel that you gave consent , you have the right to feel violated .
You also have the right to talk to someone about what was done to you , even if you do n't want to report it to AU or the police or go to counseling .
About 50 students -- including Knepper , Eagle editors and sexual assault survivors -- gathered Monday evening to discuss the column .
Some students live - tweeted the event and discussion broke out on Twitter .
@meghanlsweeney Eagle Editors : did n't think piece would have such an impact on commmunity .
Meant to do more good than harm Oops .
Eagle fail .
@ Tehmeg I love Alex Knepper
@jcwalkwithus
I have seen people cry today .
I have heard stories of rape and sexual assult .
I have seen people relive trauma .
I do not love Alex Knepper .
On Tuesday a group of students plan to deliver a list of demands to The Eagle staff , asking that editors fire Knepper and publish an apology , among other things .
Franklin said they will also distribute fliers , put up signs , stencil the slogan " No room for rape apologists , Take back the Eagle " around campus .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 tyre supplier Bridgestone has played down talk that it is reconsidering its decision to quit the sport at the end of the year .
The Japanese company announced at the end of last year that it was to withdraw from F1 at the end of 2010 , when its contract to supply tyres to the championship comes to an end .
Although there have been rumours in recent weeks that Bridgestone is being pushed to rethink its decision , and could agree a fresh contract under more favourable terms , the company has made it clear that its original stance stands .
Bridgestone 's director of motorsport Hiroshi Yasukawa told AUTOSPORT : " Unfortunately our company has made the decision , and nothing has changed . "
That decision means that the FIA will now likely have to open a tender process for the supply of tyres in the championship if it is to find a supplier for 2011 .
Yasukawa said that Bridgestone would examine the tender process when it is opened , just in case there was anything on offer that may be attractive for the Japanese company .
" We are waiting for the result of the tender because without tender process we cannot do anything , " he said .
When asked if there was a possibility of Bridgestone selling its tyre technology , Yasukawa explained : " Unfortunately at this stage I do n't know .
" Our company has said that the FIA has to do a tender first , so we have to wait .
But unfortunately our decision is that we are not extending our F1 contract . "
Korean tyre manufacturers Hankook and Kumho have been strongly linked with replacing Bridgestone as F1's tyre supplier , although the FIA has not yet opened the tender process .
Researchers at the University of Cambridge have discovered that the effects of schizophrenia appear to extend beyond the brain .
And now there 's talk of a blood test to diagnose schizophrenia being rolled out within a year .
Advertisement
Because schizophrenia is a psychiatric disorder , it was previously believed that the signs of the illness would be contained only within the brain .
However , the team at the Cambridge Institute for Psychiatric Research , led by Sabine Bahn , has identified genetic markers of the disorder in cell division , the immune system , and glucose metabolism .
They have found that one of the best peripheral indicators of schizophrenia is a systemic problem in protein expression in the skin cells of the patient 's arms .
According to Bahn :
" It 's clear that schizophrenia has a very strong genetic component .
Most genes are not used only in the brain .
If there is an underlying abnormality at the genetic level that leads to pathology in the brain , the assumption can be made that there should also be dysregulation in the peripheral system .
It may not lead to pathology , but it may reflect the pathology in the brain . "
Advertisement
The researchers estimate that about 40 % of the changes seen in the brains of schizophrenics can be observed elsewhere in their bodies .
Although Bahn originally focused on skin cells , she has now shifted to immune cells , which are closer in function to the neurons of the brain .
She hopes this will better clarify just how the genetic and psychiatric components of schizophrenia interact .
The main caveat with this study that independent researchers have raised is that these peripheral indicators might not do much to improve our understanding of the root causes of the disorder .
However , even if the theoretical implications of this work proves somewhat limited , Bahn hopes the practical implications will be enormous :
Bahn nevertheless believes peripheral - cell - based diagnostics will be useful .
She and her coworkers have identified schizophrenia biomarkers in serum , and working with the company Rules - Based Medicine , located in Austin , Texas , and Lake Placid , N.Y. , she expects that a serum - based test to aid in the diagnosis of schizophrenia will be launched sometime this year .
" We 've identified a signature of numerous protein biomarkers , which give a very high sensitivity and specificity , " Bahn says .
" We 've looked at hundreds of samples from patients and controls and other disorders that are related to schizophrenia . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Currently , it can take several years to definitively diagnose a patient as schizophrenic .
These new tests could reduce that figure dramatically .
A schizophrenic 's long - term well - being can be substantially improved with early detection of the condition .
[ via Chemical and Engineering News ]
URGENT ! 154,000 Signatures Needed for 2010 Ballot Access !
Sign the citizen ’s initiative to end photo enforcement at any CameraFRAUD event , or by visiting the following authorized local businesses .
Host the initiative at your business .
Email us at businesses@cameraFRAUD.com .
FOUNTAIN HILLS
Pony Express – Mail Box Shop
16605 E Palisades Blvd # 110 < –Click for map
Fountain Hills AZ 85268
Hours : M- F 9 - 6 , Sa 9 -
3
MESA
The Motorcycle Service Shop – Motorcycle Repair
Contact Person : Joe Smith
1922 N. Rosemont < – Click for map
Mesa , AZ 85205
Hours : M-F 7 -
5
Big Sticks Fine Cigars – Cigars
Contact Person : Bob Guertin
1017 N. Dobson Rd. Ste 106 < –Click for map
Mesa , AZ 85201
Hours : See Website
PHOENIX
Contact Person : Alan Anderson
3437 East McDowell Road < –Click for map Inventory AdjustersContact Person : Alan Anderson Phoenix , Arizona 85008
Bus .
( 602)278-5966
Fax ( 602)252-4598
L.A. Insurance – Insurance Agent
Contact Person : Louie Picazo
Bus ( 623)691-9000
Farmers Insurance – Insurance Agent
Contact Person : Robert Zenor
4700 E. Thomas Rd Ste 104 < –Click for map
Phoenix AZ 85018
PRESCOTT VALLEY
Peddlers Pass Farmers and Flee Market – Outdoor Market
6201 Hwy 69 < –Click for map
Prescott Valley AZ 86314
Hours : Weekends
SCOTTSDALE
Temptations Cafe – Coffee Shop / Cafe
Contact Person : Milo Fencil
8322 E. McDowell Road # 107 < –Click for map
Scottsdale AZ 85257
Hours : See Website
Hands of Health Massage – Massage Therapy
Contact Person : Paul Zarchin
4210 N. Brown Ave. Ste B < –Click for map
Scottsdale AZ 85251
Hours : See Website
TEMPE
Cycle Pros – Motorcycle Repair / Parts / Retail
1803 E Rio Salado Parkway # 2 < – Click for map
Tempe AZ 85281
Hours : Tu – Fr 10 – 6 , Sa 10 – 3 , Closed Sun and Mon
Superior Racing Development – Automotive
1980 E. 5th St # 101 < –Click for map
Tempe AZ 85281
<–Click for map
Enlarge By Gretchen Ertl , AP During a rally this week at the Rhode Island statehouse in Providence , Kathy Dennen protests against the health care law recently signed by President Obama .
USA TODAY / GALLUP POLL USA TODAY / GALLUP POLL
Nearly two - thirds of Americans say the health care overhaul signed into law last week costs too much and expands the government 's role in health care too far , a USA TODAY / Gallup Poll finds , underscoring an uphill selling job ahead for President Obama and congressional Democrats .
Those surveyed are inclined to fear that the massive legislation will increase their costs and hurt the quality of health care their families receive , although they are more positive about its impact on the nation 's health care system overall .
Supporters " are not only going to have to focus on implementing this kind of major reform , " says Robert Blendon , a professor of health policy and political analysis at Harvard .
" They 're going to have to spend substantial time convincing people of the concrete benefits of this legislation . "
The risk for them is that continued opposition will fuel calls for repeal and dog Democrats in November 's congressional elections .
The bill was enacted without a single Republican vote .
ELECTION 2010 : How GOP , Dems hope health care will play CHART :
How health care may change over the next decade TIMELINE : Key moments on road to health care
In an interview airing Tuesday on NBC's Today , Obama acknowledges concerns about cost .
" It is a critical first step in making a health care system that works for all Americans , " he said of the law , adding , " We are still going to have adjustments that have to be made to further reduce costs . "
Obama 's approval rating was 47% - 50 % — the first time his disapproval rating has hit 50 % .
In the survey : • A plurality predicts the law will improve health care coverage generally and the overall health of Americans .
But a majority says it also will drive up overall costs and worsen the federal budget deficit .
•
When it comes to their families , they see less gain and more pain : Pluralities say it will make coverage and quality of care worse for them .
By 50 % - 21 % , they predict it will make their costs higher .
Opponents of the health care bill are a bit more likely than supporters to say the vote will have a major impact on their vote for Congress in the fall .
Three in 10 are much more likely to vote for a candidate who opposes the bill .
One in four are much more likely to vote for a candidate who supports it .
The poll of 1,033 adults , taken by land line and cellphone Friday through Sunday , has a margin of error of +/–4 percentage points .
Half call passage of the bill " a bad thing " and 47 % " a good thing . "
That differs from a one - day USA TODAY poll taken March 22 — a day after the House approved the legislation — in which a 49 % - 40 % plurality called the bill " a good thing . "
" Any one - day poll in the immediate aftermath of a major event is likely to be subject not only to sampling error but also to very short - term effects , " says political scientist Charles Franklin of the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
At the time , " the news cycle was dominated by the positive side of the story , and only a little bit by the Republicans ' rebuttal to that . "
There was a strong reaction against the tactics Democratic leaders used to pass the bill .
A 53 % majority call Democratic methods " an abuse of power ; " 40 % say they are appropriate .
And when asked about incidents of vandalism and threats that followed the bill 's passage , Americans are more inclined to blame Democratic political tactics than critics ' harsh rhetoric .
Forty - nine percent say Democratic tactics are " a major reason " for the incidents , while 46 % blame criticism by conservative commentators and 43 % the criticism of Republican leaders .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
That Magical Water ’s Edge
Newt Gingrich said not long ago that it was wrong to treat any and all terrorists as criminals — with no apparent exception for American citizens arrested on American soil .
The question , though , is how do we know somebody arrested on American soil is a terrorist , unless the government proves it to a jury beyond a reasonable doubt ?
Apparently the one crime for which the mere accusation suffices as proof of guilt is terrorism .
The Republicans also object to “ reading terrorists their Miranda rights , ” because it makes it harder to get information out of them — presumably by “ harsh interrogation techniques ” ( aka torture ) .
I guess we need an exception to Bill of Rights , to wit : “ No person shall be deprived of life , liberty , or property without due process of law , unless the government accuses him of being a terrorist . ”
But ( scratching head ) I still can’t quite understand how the government is so trustworthy that we can safely take its accusations of terrorism at face value , and hold Americans without trial or even torture them , when we expect it to actually prove other criminal accusations .
I guess it ’s just another illustration of that magical phenomenon by which politics stops at the water ’s edge .
As Madison said , “ If angels were to govern men , neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary . ”
So I guess “ men ” become angels at the water ’s edge , as well .
Of course , on the unlikely chance that we did n’t have an angel in the Oval Office at a particular time , this loophole might seem to offer some mighty powerful temptations to a mere mortal .
If the President wanted to round up political enemies , without all the fuss and bother over that darned old “ due process of law , ” all he ’d have to do is accuse them of terrorism .
Come to think of it , I vaguely recall something about a chief executive somewhere actually doing something like that — something about a fire , maybe ?
Good thing that , thanks to the miracle of American Exceptionalism , no non-angel is ever in charge of American foreign policy .
But wait — are n’t the people who complain about Obama “ reading terrorists their Miranda rights ” frequently the very same people who accuse him of being a “ socialist , ” “ fascist , ” or “ Marxist ” ?
Are n’t the same people who ( rightly ) opposed Clinton on the Balkan Wars , and suggest Obama might “ play the war card ” in 2012 ?
So in reality , it ’s apparently only Republican men who become angels at the water ’s edge .
And the Republicans are demanding that Obama , as commander - in - chief , claim the power to detain American citizens on the mere accusation of being terrorists , with no judicial oversight or due process whatsoever .
They ’re demanding that Obama exercise such powers , creating a precedent that can be seized on not only by future angelic Republican commanders - in - chief , but also by Democratic fascist / socialist / Marxists who may even have been born in some foreign country like Hawaii !
Not only are the Republicans apparently unaware that police state and national security powers claimed by a Republican President can be subsequently used by a Democratic President , but they ’re actually urging Obama — that fascist whose photoshopped visage leered at us in townhall meetings all across America , and who throws Glenn Beck into a crying fit nearly every day — to use them right now !
I guess there ’s a reason conservatives are called the Stupid Party .
I guess I ’ve got less faith in the inherent goodness of human nature than those bleeding heart Republicans , but I really do n’t trust anyone of either party with that kind of unlimited power .
The Infected .
Los Ganados .
Majini .
Parasite hosts .
Some of the biggest " zombie " games in recent years do n't feature the undead .
Why can't we call a spade a spade , burying it in the neck of a good old - fashioned undead zombie ?
Advertisement
This is a conversation we 've been having fairly often lately at Kotaku Tower , mainly due to the release of the film The Crazies , which we 'll be reviewing here next week .
The Crazies ( seen above ) features a small town plagued by a mysterious toxin , which turns humans into violent maniacs before eventually killing them .
While the Crazies are n't technically zombies , they do share traits similar to other zombie - alikes found in recent games .
What 's interesting here is that the 2010 film The Crazies is a remake of 1973's The Crazies , written and directed by one George Romero , five years after the release of Night of the Living Dead .
Advertisement
So if Romero , the king of zombie horror himself , strayed from the zombie formula so soon after Night of the Living Dead , perhaps it 's no wonder that our video game maker 's opt for other explanations for why people are shambling about eating each other .
Take for instance :
Resident Evil
Did n't Resident Evil originally have zombies in it ?
Sure , they were really just humans infected with various viruses , but I 'm pretty sure they were still called zombies , up to a certain point .
In Resident Evil 4 the zombies were no more , replaced with Los Ganados , Spanish for The Cattle .
These non-zombies ( nombies ? ) were faster and more intelligent than those in previous games in the series .
In Resident Evil 5 they became the Majini , which is Swahili for not - zombies , or more accurately , evil spirit .
They were smarter , faster , and still not zombies .
Boo .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Dead Rising
Frank
West has covered wars , you know , and he's also covered hordes of non-zombies invading a mall in a small town .
While the shambling hordes in Dead Rising were indeed dead , they were n't really undead , their bodies controlled by a parasitic insect nesting in their brains , taking control after killing the hosts .
Advertisement
Left 4 Dead
Despite looking the part , the creatures in Valve 's Left 4 Dead series are victims of a rabies - like virus that causes psychosis .
Perhaps they are more like the people in The Crazies than any other video game zombie - alikes .
Advertisement
Dead Space
No , not space zombies , as amazingly cool as that would be .
Just Necromorphs , which sounds to me like the worst Power Ranger spinoff ever .
Advertisement
So what qualifies as traditional zombies ?
In our eyes , there are two main types .
Voodoo zombies , which have been seen in games like Akuji the Heartless and Shadow Man , and the mysterious , unexplained zombies .
The latter are the sort of zombies you 'd see in a George Romero film , the product of some mysterious plague that brings corpses back to life , or perhaps hell overflowing .
Advertisement
The key is that we either do n't know why the zombies are back , or they are the product of voodoo .
They also have to actually be the dead , brought back to life .
None of this rabies , virus , iPhone app made them crazy nonsense .
There are a few games that have done it right lately .
For example :
Call of Duty : World at War
While it 's hardly a zombie video game , the zombies in Call of Duty : World at War 's zombie maps are never really explained .
The dead have risen , you have to kill them , end of story .
Considering it takes place in the middle of World War II , I 'm going to assume hell is overflowing .
War does that .
Advertisement
Plants Vs. Zombies
Indie developers do n't seem all that hesitant to throw about the word ' zombies ' whenever possible .
Perhaps they feel they are below the radar from the imaginary zombie police , or maybe you do n't really need to know where the undead in Plants Vs. Zombies come from in order to have a good time with it .
Advertisement
With those criteria in mind , what are your favorite zombie video games , and do they actually contain zombies ?
Be wary !
Even the most convincing shambling , brain - munching creature might simply be a guy with a really , really bad cold .
MEMPHIS , Tenn .
— Police said the mother of an elementary school student drank a 40 ounce bottle of malt liquor before brandishing a sword in her child 's school .
The woman , 32 , apparently intended to confront the parents of another child who had been in a spitting match with her child the previous day .
According to court records , an employee at Riverview Elementary School in Memphis reported a drunk woman armed with a sword was running through the halls of the school and had threatened to cut her .
Officers who arrived on the scene retrieved a black cane that concealed the blade .
The woman charged with aggravated assault and having a weapon on school property .
------
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
As many of you already know , the Earth 's atmosphere is in fact a very powerful anti-asteroid shield .
Theoretically , tens of meteorites and other similar objects should impact the ground each day , but their vast majority burns up high above the planet , on account of the friction force it generates when it enters the atmosphere .
In addition to this defense mechanism , astronomers have recently identified another one .
It would appear that asteroids moving too close to the Earth tend to experience quakes , or tremors , all caused by the gravitational pull our planet exerts upon them , Space reports .
Experts explain that asteroids should never appear to have a smooth and clean surface .
Since more than four billion years ago , when they were formed shortly after the Sun appeared , they have been wondering the solar system , experiencing solar winds and severe beatings from particles and other space rocks .
Their surface should therefore bear the signs of devastation , and not look pristine .
However , in the case of near - Earth objects that scientists have identified thus far , this does not appear to be the case , and this fact has led researchers to hypothesize the existence of these quakes .
“ Any part of the surface that 's facing into the Sun is hit by the solar wind , which damages the mineral grains and turns them red .
An analogy is a sunburn , ” Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) expert Richard Binzel , who has been the lead researchers on the new study , explains .
He goes on to show that the reddened surface of an asteroid is not permanent , in the sense that only the rocks on the surface have their mineral composition so devastated by solar winds that it turns red .
Underneath this surface , a layer of fresh material lies , just ready to show itself when the situation arises .
And the perfect opportunity arises when the asteroids move too close to our planet , without actually trying to hit it .
The Earth 's gravitational pull induces small quakes in the space rocks , shaking the uppermost layer of pebbles , and forcing the reddened surface underground .
This all makes sense , scientists say , when understanding that most asteroids are actually a collection of loosely connected pieces of space debris , rather than a single chunk of rock .
“ All of the particles that got reddened are going to flip over and you 're going to have new material that 's fresh now out facing the sun .
So it 's going to change the color of the asteroid from red to a brighter gray , ” Binzel adds .
“ We put two and two together and found that asteroids that come very close to the Earth have very fresh undamaged surfaces , and so something about coming close must have resurfaced them .
The simplest explanation is that the bodies got shaken up as they came close , ” the team leader further explains .
Details of the investigation appear in the January 21 issue of the respected scientific journal Nature .
In an essay accompanying the study , Southwest Research Institute planetary scientist Clark Chapman , who has not been part of the investigation , concludes that , “ The correlation between NEO [ near - Earth object ] colors and near - Earth passes is excellent . ”
( NaturalNews )
A recent study lauding the benefits of fortified infant formula has been greeted with skepticism by child development specialists , who suspect that the study is only the first part of an attempt to promote formula over breast milk .
" It is clear that the food industry fascination with nutraceuticals ( strategically fortified food products ) is now spreading into infant formula , " said Barbara Moore of Shape Up America !
" This is a disturbing new development .
We have parents thinking that sticking their tiny infants in front of a Baby Einstein video will improve their child 's mental development when the data suggest that parent - child interactions ( and plenty of them ) are the most critical factor for such development .
Now parents will be encouraged to forego breastfeeding -- which is optimal for both mothers and babies -- in favor of a hyped up infant formula .
" A recent study concluded that children who consumed infant formula fortified with the omega - 3 fatty acid DHA had higher cognitive function than children who consumed unfortified formula .
Breastmilk was not included in the study , and the formula used in the study was provided for free by a manufacturer .
Miriam Labbok of the University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill said she was doubtful about the study 's findings .
" It might be reasonable from these industry - funded studies to consider that this would be a good additive to formula if you are forced to stop breastfeeding , " she said .
" However , 1 ) none of these studies compare to continued breastfeeding , 2 ) you could also get these [ nutrients ] from other sources if you stop breastfeeding , and 3 ) there are hundreds , if not thousands , of other components in human milk that can not be replaced .
" Pediatrician Lori Feldman - Winter of New Jersey noted that many mothers come to her believing that DHA - fortified milk is healthier for their infants than breastmilk .
"
The marketing has actually dissuaded mothers from choosing exclusive breastfeeding , which is preferred from all the outcomes that we understand , " she said .
All major health and pediatric associations recommend exclusive breastfeeding for at least the first six months of life , if not longer .
Sources for this story include : abcnews.go.com .
People with anxiety and depression are most likely to use a shade of gray to represent their mental state .
Researchers writing in the open access journal BMC Medical Research Methodology describe the development of a color chart , The Manchester Color Wheel , which can be used to study people 's preferred pigment in relation to their state of mind .
Peter Whorwell , Professor of Medicine and Gastroenterology at University Hospital South Manchester , worked with a team of researchers from the University of Manchester , UK , to create an instrument that would allow people a choice of colors in response to questions .
He said , " Colors are frequently used to describe emotions , such as being ' green with envy ' or ' in the blues ' .
Although there is a large , often anecdotal , literature on color preferences and the relationship of color to mood and emotion , there has been relatively little serious research on the subject . "
The researchers created a wheel of colors of various intensities , including shades of gray .
They then asked a control group of non-anxious , non-depressed people to describe which color they felt most ' drawn to ' , which was their favorite and whether any of the colors represented their current mood .
When the test was repeated with anxious and depressed people , most chose the same ' drawn to ' color as the healthy participants , yellow , and the same favorite color , blue .
When asked which color represented their mood , however , most chose gray , unlike the healthy subjects who tended to pick a shade of yellow .
A separate group of healthy volunteers were also asked whether they associated any of the colors with positive or negative moods .
According to Whorwell , " When we used these results to separate colours into positive , negative and neutral groups , we found that depressed individuals showed a striking preference for negative colors compared to healthy controls .
Anxious individuals gave results intermediate to those observed in depression , with negative colors being chosen more frequently as well as positive colors being chosen less frequently than in the control test . "
The Color Wheel provides a unique way of asking patients about their condition that dispenses with the need for language .
How can there be so many lunatics opposed to sex education ?
And apart from anything else , what makes them think a lesson about sex is going to make kids go out and immediately have sex ?
It 's education about it , not an instruction to get it done before dinner break .
Maybe they should demand an end to history lessons as well on the grounds that " I do n't want my fourteen - year - old learning about Napoleon as he 's too young to invade Italy . "
It took institutions as irrational as the Catholic Church to make their objections , so a law was devised making sex education compulsory .
But now , after " Extensive lobbying " from the priesthood , an amendment 's been added that religious schools will still be able to teach their own unique Biblical version .
For example , according to Ed Balls , Schools Secretary , the schools " can still teach contraception is wrong , but they can't refuse to teach it . "
So that 's an improvement I suppose .
The Catholic teacher can demonstrate putting a condom on a banana , saying " First we expel the air , then place it over the end , then we remember if you do this for real you 'll face an eternity in unimaginably agonising molten lava searing through your pores as you scream in soulless anguish while demons submerge you in relentless unbearable horror , then right the way along , nice and snug and we 're done .
Now you try . "
If the only rule is that they have to teach about sex , but it does n't matter if it's in any way true , the religious schools might as well teach anything they like .
They could tell the class " Copy down these facts - 1 ) Doing it from behind makes your tongue fall out .
2 ) Masturbation causes earthquakes .
3 ) Every time you get an erection you poke an angel 's eye out . "
There 's no other subject that schools would be allowed to teach with their own version of the truth .
If a teacher told his class " Some people believe the capital of Italy is Rome , but I 've always said it 's Nairobi in the North Pole " , they would n't get an Ofsted report saying " He might be teaching geography that 's cobblers but he 's teaching it , and that 's the main thing . "
Religious schools will probably try this trick with other lessons now , to see what they can get away with , refusing to teach chemistry as they do n't believe in sulphur , or announcing they wo n't teach the six times table as the Pope 's had a vision that it 's wrong .
So we 're left with differing methods of approaching sex education .
One might be to acknowledge that we get desires , that can be lethal at times , so it 's probably for the best if we find ways of managing them safely and respectfully .
Or there 's the more traditional method , which is more along the lines of " You know those natural feelings you get – well they 're unnatural so stop having them . "
They might as well teach that God wants everyone to be cold , and if we feel a desire to shut the door in winter we must fight the temptation , and we must go to the park in January in our swimming trunks to and , if we shiver or reach for a coat , that 's Satan at work and we should discuss it with the priest .
This might do less damage than teaching sex education that involves pictures of sexually transmitted diseases , and stories of the decrepit life that awaits anyone who submits to sexual temptation .
Imagine the outrage if people in favour of sex education resorted to those tactics , by saying " This is what happens if you stay a virgin all your life " , and showing a picture of Ann Widdecombe .
But somehow it's when sexuality is most denied and suppressed , that you find society most riddled with torment and horror , of abused children shipped out of the country to avoid embarrassment and hushed up illegal abortions and all the things that God does n't seem to mind as long as no one uses a condom .
But then the government probably is n't bothered about the social implications of their policy , as long as the schools get good exam results .
They wo n't mind if the Catholic school turns out a heap of screwed - up teenagers as long as they get A grades for correctly calculating the angles in the holy trinity .
NPR 's Teshima
Walker noticed that many of the black women at the Grammys had golden locks .
Walker admits that she herself has blond tips , but says :
I know that blond hair is associated with white women and beauty … [ But ]
I think maybe Black stars should help African - American women release the hold that blond hair has had on us .
It 's not a natural hair color .
It 's not really a good look if you 're over 30 .
It 's not particularly healthy for your hair .
Advertisement
NPR commenter Kimberly Jones disagrees , arguing :
Why does a woman 's choice to wear blond hair have to mean that she is acquiescing to some idealized beauty standard or that she is trying to fulfill her man 's " Marilyn Monroe " fantasy ?
I personally believe that we as black women have more hair choices than women of any other ethnicity .
We can rock it blond , black , long , short , with locks or braids , kinky , straight , or somewhere in between ... and its all good .
Advertisement
But commenter LC believes , as has been said time and time again , that hair sends a message .
She notes :
This problem of only having one standard of beauty — which is blond hair , blue eyes , and white skin — has gone on far too long .
It 's high time women liberate their own selves and redefine beauty .
That is , there are MANY standards of beauty .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I 'll agree with her , and add : What about little black girls who idolize Beyoncé and Rihanna ?
Wo n't they see blond as one of the qualities that leads to those women being beautiful and adored ?
( Emma Roberts just told Us that going blonde means " Guys check me out more . " )
It 's one thing to be an adult , bleaching your hair for fun ( or profit — some of the black ladies pictured have been more successful with lighter hair ) .
But it 's another to be a kid trying to learn to love yourself when it feels as though stars do n't consider hair like yours to be " pretty . "
Then again , it could be worse .
We could be celebrating Black History Month by getting a dollar off on relaxer .
Emma Roberts Goes Blonde , Says " Guys Check Me Out More " [ Us ]
Advertisement
Is Blond The New Black ? [ NPR ]
Celebrate Black History Month [ Sociological Images ]
Fresh off a promise from President Barack Obama in his State of the Union address to repeal a law barring gays from serving openly in the military , the Pentagon is expected to announce that they will stop enforcing the most controversial elements of the law .
Buried in a New York Times article Monday is news that Defense Secretary Robert Gates is expected to announce he will suspend the discharges of gay servicemembers whose sexual orientation is revealed by third parties .
ADVERTISEMENT
While the law ’s repeal is being debated , “ Gay rights leaders say they expect Mr. Gates to announce in the interim that the Defense Department will not take action to discharge service members whose sexual orientation is revealed by third parties or jilted partners , one of the most onerous aspects of the law , ” the paper ’s Elisabeth Bumiller wrote .
“ Pentagon officials had no comment . ”
“ This year , I will work with Congress and our military to finally repeal the law that denies gay Americans the right to serve the country they love because of who they are , ” the president said in his State of the Union address last Wednesday night .
That one sentence was the sum total of Obama ’s declarations on the issue , but “ you only need one sentence for the military leaders in this country to hear their commander - in - chief , ” House Rep. Anthony Weiner ( D - NY ) said after the speech .
Obama finally decided he had to move on the issue because he was concerned that if not , he ’d be forced to defend the gay ban in court , Bumiller writes .
“ But it was in Oval Office strategy sessions to review court cases challenging the ban — ones that could reach the Supreme Court — that Mr. Obama faced the fact that if he did not change the policy , his administration would be forced to defend publicly the constitutionality of a law he had long opposed , ” she writes .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ As a participant recounted one of the sessions , Mr. Obama told Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates and Adm .
Mike Mullen , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , that the law was ‘ just wrong , ' ” she added .
“ Mr. Obama told them , the participant said , that he had delayed acting on repeal because the military was stretched in two wars and he did not want another polarizing debate in 2009 to distract from his health care fight . ”
Nevertheless , he indicated that he intended to work to repeal the ban in 2010 .
But the policy ’s repeal — which requires an act of Congress because it is part of the military ’s Uniform Code of Military Justice — may be years away .
The Pentagon says that they must undertake a study to investigate the consequences of a repeal , which could take years to complete .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The delay seems to be the result of general reluctance among military leaders to end the policy , and trepidation on the part of lawmakers to broach the issue ahead of what is sure to be a tough midterm election year , ” The Hill ’s Tony Romm wrote Saturday .
Critics argue that allowing gays to serve openly in the military would undermine unit cohesion , a claim that was itself undermined by a 1993 study .
The actions of Joe Stack , the disgruntled software developer who committed suicide by flying his airplane into the Internet Revenue Service building in Austin , Texas , last week , were callous , selfish , and inexcusable .
While in no way condoning his actions , programmers may nonetheless hear a familiar ring in his frustration with a country that seems to actively discourage self - reliance and entrepreneurship , especially in the software industry .
Among the litany of complaints in his articulate ( if rambling ) suicide note , Stack gave special mention to Section 1706 of the 1986 Tax Reform Act , an obscure law that he claimed reduced him to " a criminal and noncitizen slave . "
Under the law , certain classes of workers , including anyone who engages as a " computer programmer , systems analyst , or other similarly skilled worker engaged in a similar line of work , " are considered de facto employees for tax purposes , regardless of whether they claim to operate their own businesses as independent contractors .
The IRS can impose significant tax penalties on companies who hire such workers as contractors rather than full employees , a fact that can make it extremely difficult for self - employed programmers to find work .
[ Read InfoWorld 's special report " Tech workers pushed to the limits . " |
Get solid career advice , whether as an employee or contractor , with Bob Lewis ' Advice Line newsletter and blog . ]
Section 1706 was originally sponsored by Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York , who hoped that forcing highly paid software developers to become employees would limit their ability to take advantage of tax breaks for small businesses .
Ironically , it was also Moynihan who , when a study determined the law was not bringing in the desired tax revenue , tried to have it repealed a year later .
He failed , and it 's still on the books today .
A hostile climate for contractors But Section 1706 is n't the only thing making life hard for independent software developers .
Employees typically do n't have to pay for their own health insurance , the way contractors do .
Individual health plans generally offer worse coverage than group plans , and they can be incredibly selective about who they allow to join .
Those who are accepted can expect their premiums to rise every year , often by double - digit percentages .
Given these conditions , developers who have families to support or preexisting medical conditions are well advised to hang on to their salaried jobs for dear life -- no pun intended -- rather than run the gauntlet of the dysfunctional American health insurance industry .
But Section 1706 is n't the only thing making life hard for independent software developers .
Employees typically do n't have to pay for their own health insurance , the way contractors do .
Individual health plans generally offer worse coverage than group plans , and they can be incredibly selective about who they allow to join .
Those who are accepted can expect their premiums to rise every year , often by double - digit percentages .
Given these conditions , developers who have families to support or preexisting medical conditions are well advised to hang on to their salaried jobs for dear life -- no pun intended -- rather than run the gauntlet of the dysfunctional American health insurance industry .
And if the prospect of being bankrupted by medical bills was n't frightening enough , add the increasingly hostile legal climate surrounding the software development profession .
In response to all - too - common reports of software bugs and security breaches , some organizations have begun lobbying for contractual language that makes software developers accountable for any defects in their code .
For example , the SANS Institute has proposed a detailed contract that would require developers to certify that they had received appropriate training , observed any and all security procedures deemed necessary , and that their code was free of defects to the best of their knowledge , among other clauses .
Flipping the Massachusetts Legislature
Our legislative battle over marriage in Massachusetts began when our legislature voted 105 to 92 in favor of banning equal marriage in early 2004 .
By September 2005 , when a required second vote was held on the same constitutional amendment , it was rejected in favor of a new amendment being proposed through a referendum petition , which would only need 25 % support in the legislature to pass ( but would also require votes in two successive sessions ) .
The first vote on that amendment , at the tail end of the 2005 - 2006 legislature , was 61 for and 132 against - a little more than the required 25 % yes .
On its second vote , it failed to make even that limited requirement , rejected on a vote of 45 - 151 .
In just a few years , we went from 53 % of the legislature supporting a ban , to just 23 % .
How ?
The opening shot was the fall 2004 primary .
In New Bedford , Stephen Canessa defeated incumbent Mark Howland in the Democratic primary for state representative , and more astonishingly , in Somerville & Medford , 26 year old Carl Sciortino , who is gay , defeated 16 - year incumbent Vinnie Ciampa in the Democratic primary .
These defeats shocked a number of equal marriage opponents in the state house , one of whom was heard saying to another , " they 're coming for us " .
After a series of 3 special elections at the beginning of 2005 , all won by marriage supporters , and then progressive Pat Jehlen 's blowout victory in a state senate special election that summer , the message was clear :
Voting to ban equal marriage was a serious risk to one 's electoral prospects .
The number of legislators who changed their votes greatly outnumbered the votes that were changed by replacing old legislators with new ones , and in several races for open seats , candidates supporting the ban either did n't run or were n't taken seriously .
Serious electoral challenges have serious effects well beyond their own districts .
A Wave of Health Care - Inspired Challenges ?
On March 1st , Arkansas Lt. Governor Bill Halter announced he would run in the Democratic primary for US Senate against incumbent Blanche Lincoln , one of the main Democratic obstacles to passing reform in the Senate .
The very next day , Halter issued a press release saying he supports a public option , and signaling that Lincoln 's opposition to a public option would be a major issue .
Within days of entering the race , Halter raised millions of dollars from unions and progressive groups , ensuring a well - funded and credible challenge to Lincoln .
Earlier this week , another notorious Democratic opponent of reform , Representative Bart Stupak of Michigan , picked up a primary challenger , Connie Saltonstall .
Very quickly , progressive groups joined her in supporting the bid .
Saltonstall made it clear that she decided to run because Stupak was using abortion as a wedge issue to block health reform , " putting their [ the pro-life caucus ] interests above those of his district . "
Harmony Wu Challenges Stephen Lynch
Last night , a third challenge popped up , when Harmony Wu of Needham , MA said she 'd likely run against him if he votes against reform , as he has announced he plans to do .
Immediately , a Draft Harmony
Wu group sprang up , and volunteers were already collecting signatures in Boston today to put her on the ballot .
Needham , MA , March 20 -- Harmony
Wu , a well - known Democratic activist from Needham , has pulled papers to run for the US House of Representatives against Stephen Lynch for the 9th Congressional District .
The Democratic primary for this seat is in September .
Harmony has stated : " I am seriously considering a run against Stephen Lynch for his seat in the House of Representatives if the Congressman votes ' no ' on the President 's health care reform legislation . "
Harmony , a mother of two , was an inspiring volunteer leader on the Obama campaign and since then , has organized hundreds of volunteers in support of progressive candidates and issues .
Most recently , she has been a key volunteer health care reform organizer in the 9th District and throughout Massachusetts .
Out of frustration with Rep. Lynch 's willingness to let this historic opportunity for health care reform be lost , she is considering a run against him both to show him that there is passionate support for health care reform , and to replace him in office with a true progressive leader .
Three weeks into March , three new primary challenges against Democrats who are being obstacles to reform .
Each one of these challengers has made health care a focus of their campaign , and each one of them is probably or definitely in the race in the first place because of health care .
A clear pattern is forming " we 're coming for you " .
Applying Pressure
Our short term goal :
Make as much buzz as we can right now about these , and especially about Harmony Wu , to make sure the press covers her this weekend .
When Democratic lawmakers vote on reform , possibly tomorrow , they need to be aware of this emerging challenge .
In the long term , we can use these challenges to set a narrative for the 2010 election season .
If reform fails to pass now , and we defeat some of its opponents , we 'll get another chance .
And even if reform does pass , we will need to make it better , and likely need to add a public option .
A series of strong pro-reform challenges this year will give us a chance to do those things next year .
Draft Harmony
Wu on Facebook .
Donate to draft Harmony Wu
Edit : A top Obama organizer is weighing running against Stephanie Herseth Sandlin if she votes against reform .
Also , labor groups recruiting a candidate to run against Michael Arcuri in upstate New York - h/t econlibVA .
OAKLAND , Calif . – Dozens of janitors who clean Safeway supermarkets in northern California stopped work on the night of Feb. 10 , frustrated by the intimidation tactics of Safeway ’s janitorial services contractors , including illegal threats of termination , and their proposals to sharply cut standards for wages and benefits .
Talks for a new collective bargaining agreement are now in their fifth month .
“ I walked out because Safeway ’s janitorial contractors are not working with us to negotiate a contract which will remedy unsafe and unhealthy conditions in the stores , and help us support and build a life for our families , ” said Santa Rosa janitor Leodegario Acevedo .
Talks for a new contract began last October between SEIU United Service Workers West , Local 1877 , representing 450 janitors at area Safeway supermarkets , and janitorial services contractors ABM , Crystal , Premier and AMS .
The four contractors are proposing a big increase in the number of hours a janitor must work to be eligible for health care benefits .
They want to increase wages by just 10 cents an hour per year , and seek the right unilaterally to remove janitors from their pension plan .
The contractors also propose to eliminate dental benefits for new hires , increase their waiting period for medical coverage , and lower their starting pay to just $ 8.60 per hour .
Safeway janitors now average just $ 10.24 per hour .
Safeway , Inc. is the third largest U.S. supermarket chain , with an estimated $ 44.8 billion in annual sales and consistent profits in recent years .
Safety and health are also issues in the talks , with the contractors refusing to add “ green cleaning ” standards to the contract .
Though Safeway janitors now use toxic industrial cleaning chemicals that cause serious health problems and may pose a risk to food safety and customers ’ health , neither Safeway nor the contractors have been willing to take responsibility .
Each claims health and safety conditions fall under the other ’s jurisdiction .
“ Safeway wants to be seen as a responsible , neighborhood grocery store , yet they sit quietly by while their contractors propose cuts to vital benefits and refuse to assure safe working conditions for the janitors who clean their facilities , ” said Denise Solis , Local 1877 ’s northern California vice president .
“ Ultimately , ” she said , “ both Safeway and their individual contractors are responsible for making supermarkets safe , clean and green . ”
After the work stoppage , janitors say they ’ll continue to mobilize against the contractors ’ intimidation and proposed cuts , and to speak out against Safeway ’s silence on the issues .
While the union and the contractors have more bargaining dates in the coming weeks , the janitors may soon vote on whether to authorize their bargaining committee to call an unfair labor practices strike .
The janitors ’ last extension of the collective bargaining agreement expired Feb .
9 .
“ It ’s insulting to sit at the bargaining table with Safeway ’s contractors , and hear them say that Safeway wo n’t give them the money to increase our poverty wages , maintain our health care benefits , safeguard our safety and health , and protect their own customers , ” said Neri Macuixtle , a Salinas janitor and bargaining committee member .
“ Safeway must own up to its responsibility to ensure quality jobs , safe food and healthy communities . ”
Since the contract talks began , janitors have visited northern California supermarkets , letting customers know about the problems harsh and dangerous cleaning products can cause to both workers and the buying public , and pressing for a switch to new “ green ” cleaning standards .
Photo : Janitors make their point at a Nov. 5 , 2009 , demonstration on the “ green cleaning ” issue , at a San Francisco Safeway .
( PW / Marilyn Bechtel )
All eight members up for re-election to the Pennsylvania school board that had been sued for introducing the teaching of intelligent design as an alternative to evolution in biology class were swept out of office yesterday by a slate of challengers who campaigned against the intelligent design policy .
Among the losing incumbents on the Dover , Pa. , board were two members who testified in favor of the intelligent design policy at a recently concluded federal trial on the Dover policy : the chairwoman , Sheila Harkins , and Alan Bonsell .
The election results were a repudiation of the first school district in the nation to order the introduction of intelligent design in a science class curriculum .
The policy was the subject of a trial in Federal District Court that ended last Friday .
A verdict by Judge John E. Jones III is expected by early January .
" I think voters were tired of the trial , they were tired of intelligent design , they were tired of everything that this school board brought about , " said Bernadette Reinking , who was among the winners .
