Fans of James
Bond have had a chance to catch up with some of the actors who have starred in the series over the years , at a special event at the London Film Museum .
Alison Harper caught up with Richard Kiel , who played Bond 's foe ' Jaws ' , in Moonraker and The Spy Who Loved Me .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
This week , the DC Circuit Court of Appeals dealt what looked like a deathblow to “ net neutrality , ” the principle that Internet providers should n’t get to pick and choose which information moves quickest over the web .
The Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) has one last chance to prevent these companies from fundamentally changing how the Internet works — and not for the better .
But will the commissioners take on the telecoms ?
For years , giant Internet service providers like Comcast and Verizon have wanted to erect “ fast lanes ” and “ slow lanes ” on the web .
They say this is necessary to prevent file - sharers and heavy bandwidth users from slowing down the Internet for everyone else .
But without strict net neutrality rules requiring ISPs to treat all content equally , there ’s nothing to stop them from radically reordering how the internet works .
Comcast and other providers could speed up some sites and services and slow down others — a practice known as “ throttling ” — unless the hosts or ISP customers cough up more money .
The court fight started last year , when the FCC discovered that one of the biggest Internet providers , Comcast , was slowing down traffic to the file - sharing service BitTorrent .
The agency ordered Comcast to stop , ruling that the company could n’t discriminate against specific types of information .
Comcast sued , saying that the FCC did n’t have the authority to enforce net neutrality .
On Tuesday , Comcast won : a federal appeals court threw out the FCC ’s order .
Marvin Ammori , a lawyer and law professor who argued against Comcast , compares the ruling to the massively unpopular Citizens United decision that opened up political campaigns to unlimited corporate spending .
The bottom line , he says , is that “ the FCC no longer has the power to regulate or protect consumers in the basic medium of our privacy and speech . ”
The ruling does n’t just affect the ISPs ’ ability to control load times .
It could also allow them to restrict what information you get for your monthly broadband payment .
In the worst - case scenario , Internet providers could require you to buy access to websites in “ packages ” — a social networking “ package ” with Facebook and MySpace , a sports package with ESPN.com and Rivals.com , or a music package with Last.fm and Pandora .
Instead of today ’s “ Wild West , ” the future Internet might look more like cable television .
If the FCC wants to avoid that , it has three options .
It could appeal Tuesday ’s ruling to the Supreme Court .
But Comcast has already won once , and the litigation could take years .
The agency could ask Congress to give it more power to enforce net neutrality .
That ’s what a bill proposed by Reps .
Ed Markey ( D - Mass ) , Anna Eshoo ( D - Calif ) , and Henry Waxman ( D - Calif . ) would do .
But the telecoms have enormous influence on both parties — since 1989 , AT&T has spent more on national politics than any other company , union , or special interest .
Even if the legislation cleared the House , it would likely stall in the Senate .
Robb Topolski , a fellow at the New America Foundation who first discovered that Comcast was throttling content , says that the FCC has a third option called “ reclassification . ”
It ’s probably net neutrality ’s last hope .
During the Bush administration , the FCC decided , rather illogically , that broadband service should be regulated more like Facebook or Twitter ( information services ) than like a phone system ( which is a telecommunications network ) .
The FCC has limited power to regulate information services .
But it has broad powers to regulate telecommunications networks .
If the agency reclassifies Internet services , it could easily implement net neutrality rules .
Broadband carriers seem set to fight reclassification tooth and nail .
In February , big telecom companies and their lobbyists sent a letter to FCC chair Julius Genachowski opposing the move .
It ’s a remarkable piece of work that includes unsubtle red-baiting — highlighting an interview that prominent net neutrality backer Robert McChesney gave to the Socialist Project and accusing neutrality supporters of pushing a “ radical agenda . ”
The carriers “ are signaling World War III ” if the FCC moves to reclassify Internet providers , Topolski says .
Of course , the telecoms are likely to fight any attempt to preserve net neutrality .
The appeal of reclassification is that it ’s far less complicated than winning a Supreme Court case or marshaling 60 votes in the Senate .
Three of the FCC ’s five commissioners have already expressed support for net neutrality .
All that ’s needed to make reclassification happen is for those commissioners to keep their word .
Genachowski’s role will be crucial .
He ’s an old friend of President Barack Obama , who reiterated his commitment to net neutrality on Tuesday .
If Obama endorses a move to reclassify the Internet as a telecommunications network , Genachowski and the other two pro-neutrality commissioners will probably come along .
If Obama backs off from the fight , it ’ll be tougher for the commissioners to defy the telecoms .
And if that happens , the Internet will never be the same .
J.R.R.
Tolkien changed the face of the fantasy genre when he published “ The Hobbit ” in 1937 and subsequently his famous “ Lord of the Rings ” trilogy .
But with this defining moment in the genre , many of the great works that preceded Tolkien have been forgotten in time .
This list gives you my top ten underrated classics of fantasy prior to the publication of “ The Hobbit . ”
10 Lud - in - the - Mist by Hope Mirrlees
Publication Date : 1926
Probably the most obscure thing I shall mention on this list , this is a rather interesting tale in an alternate world where some rather mundane people live in peace , but are interrupted by a flow of fairy fruit form the neighboring lands .
It explores some interesting themes for a high fantasy novel , and it is certainly something different for the well - read fan .
I would recommend her other works as highly , but most are a bit difficult to find – all but this one are out of print .
Still , if you can procure a copy of anything else by Mirrlees , make sure you take the opportunity .
[ Read it here . ]
9 The Water - Babies by Charles Kingsley
Publication Date : 1863
This is a children ’s novel that I might not recommend for the kids , but anybody with an interest in Victorian fairy tales and a bit of controversy absolutely must pick this one up .
It has moral messages ( in blatant form , as children ’s novels are wont to do , to such an extent that one character is named Mrs. Doasyouwouldbedoneby ) on a variety of topics , most notably child labor but also on a number of religious and scientific topics .
Kingsley himself was a Reverend , but he was not against the at - the - time very controversial publications of Charles Darwin .
Look at it in the right perspective , readers , and you ’ll find quite the metaphor for the going ons of the time as well as a fun little fairy tale .
[ Read it here . ]
8 The House on the Borderland by William Hope Hodgson
Publication Date : 1908
This is a horror novel , certainly , but this was really the novel that made way for writers of the Lovecraftian - sort ( including H.P. himself ) .
It is a darker branch of the fantasy genre , but the cosmic and supernatural horrors found in the House on the Borderland are no less fantastic than anything Tolkien could conjure .
If you enjoy the supernatural as much as you do elves and dragons , then this a great story to look to for the origins of your subgenre .
[ Read it here . ]
7 Lost Horizon by James Hilton
Publication Date : 1933
Here is an instance of an aspect of this novel exceeding the fame of the novel itself .
Many of you have probably heard of ‘ Shangri - La ’ .
There are a buildings , gardens , albums , songs , a manga series , towns , a region of Saturn ’s moon , and a chain of hotels in Hong Kong named after it .
In fact , it was even mentioned on another page here on Listverse .
But this grand story of immortality , British imperialism , and all you could hope for from a fantasy novel .
It is underrepresented for such an influential piece of literature , and it is a very enjoyable read even ignoring the wonderful world of Shangri - La .
[ Read it here . ]
6 The Princess and the Goblin by George MacDonald
Publication Date : 1872
This is a simple , subtle story of fantasy and wonder in the form of a children ’s book .
We have the classics : dungeons , goblins , princesses , and adventure .
It ’s a rich story that can be enjoyed at all ages , and the lessons it teaches are excellent for any readers looking for something to read to your children .
Indeed , it is said to be one of Tolkien ’s favorites as a child .
[ Read it here . ]
5 The Wind in the Willows by Kenneth Grahame
Publication Date : 1908
Adapted into a play by A.A. Milne ( author of Winnie the Pooh ) , as well as into one half of the Disney film “ The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad ” ( the other half being an adaptation of the Sleepy Hallow story ) , this is certainly the most famous of the underrated .
Still , not many people have read the book and that is what this list is for .
This is a cute children ’s story about a wealthy toad , a water rat , a humble mole , and their adventures with other anthropomorphic creatures , the god Pan , and of course , a willow tree .
[ Read it here . ]
4 The Worm Ouroboros by Eric Rücker Eddison
Publication Date : 1922
This is my favorite novel .
Written in a mock epic style , Eddison brings us through Mercury , a land divided into kingdoms like Witchland and Demonland , in a journey that spans what seems to be years with epic battles , magical beings , and three brothers .
Goldry Bluszco , Lord Juss , and Lord Spitfire .
What really makes this story excellent , though , is the ending – if you ’d like to think of it as such .
[ Read it here . ]
3 The Well at the World ’s End by William Morris
Publication Date : 1896
This book helped codify the classic fantasy story .
And , indeed , both C.S. Lewis and J.R.R .
Tolkien were influenced greatly by the works of William Morris , this novel in particular .
Written in a medieval style , we follow the adventures of a young man on his quest for the eponymous well , one which will grant him immortality .
A book of similar influence and greatness by William Morris is “ The Wood Beyond the World , ” and it is equally worth your time .
[ Read it here . ]
2 The King of Elfland ’s Daughter by Lord Dunsany
Publication Date : 1924
This position goes less to “ The King of Elfland ’s Daughter , ” and more to Lord Dunsany himself .
He may be the most iconic writer of the fantasy genre prior to Tolkien coming about , yet few people know him at all these days .
It ’s quite a shame .
Also , there is a concept album about it with vocals from the lead of Jethro Tull and Christopher Lee .
[ Read it here . ]
1 The Faerie Queene by Edmund Spenser
Publication Date : 1590 – 1596
Jumping back three centuries from most of the works on this list , we have the poet Edmund Spenser .
This unfinished epic poem was written in praise of Queen Elizabeth I and details a number of faerie tales , Arthurian epics , and classic , fantasy fun .
It is also one of the longest poems in the English language , the origin of Spenserian stanza , and the old cliché ‘ roses are red , violets are blue ’ is found in its earliest form in this poem .
How can you not want to pick it up ?
[ Read it here . ]
GREAT storms and floods have a way of altering landscapes .
Once the waters recede , some of the changes are obvious : uprooted trees , damaged property , wrecked roads .
Later come further changes , as people seek to avoid a repeat , erecting new flood walls or rebuilding elsewhere .
As in the physical world , so in the economic one .
The financial deluge that broke over America has passed and the recession it caused , the worst since the 1930s , is ebbing .
This year the American economy is expected to grow by around 3 % , after shrinking by 2.4 % in 2009 .
Rainbow - spotters hope that employment is at last beginning to grow again .
And the economy emerging from recession is not the same as the one that went in .
There is obvious damage : high unemployment , millions of foreclosed homes and a huge hole in the public finances .
Less obviously , a “ rebalancing ” is under way : from consumption , housing and debt to exports , investment and saving .
As our special report this week argues , this is enormously promising for America and the world ; but it is far from assured .
A lot depends on politicians — and not just the ones in Washington .
America has relied for decades on its consumers ' willingness to spend , borne up by borrowing and the false comfort of bubbles in asset prices .
Now Americans are saving more and borrowing less because the collapse in home prices has eviscerated their wealth .
Bankers and regulators who once celebrated the democratisation of credit now ration it .
Businesses from General Electric to Citigroup that prospered from the consumption culture are rethinking — and often shrinking — their loan books .
Property developers are building smaller , simpler houses .
The country 's geography is changing .
Recession has slowed the rush to sun and sprawl .
People are moving out of Florida and into North Dakota .
Foreclosures and costlier commutes have laid low the distant suburbs , or exurbs .
Dearer , scarcer credit is not the only reason .
Energy , though not as frighteningly expensive as in 2008 , is also no longer cheap .
Americans are choosing cars over light trucks , utilities are being told to use more renewable fuel , and domestic deposits of oil and gas locked deep beneath the sea or in dense rock are suddenly profitable to extract .
If these trends continue ( admittedly , a big if ) , America could import barely half as much oil in 2025 as seemed likely just five years ago .
United States of exports
With consumers forced to live within their means , American firms will have to sell more to the rest of the world .
That may seem a tall order , but with a competitive dollar and favourable growth in other countries , exports in which America already excels , such as high - value manufacturing and services , should do well .
The result will be a more balanced American economy and , by extension , a healthier global economy .
Or so it should be .
But the smoothness of this transition cannot be taken for granted .
Policy decisions both inside and outside America will determine whether this rebalancing is painful or easy .
Put crudely , if Americans save more and spend less while other big countries do the opposite , the world economy will prosper .
If Americans become thriftier while foreigners fail to spend more , it will stagnate .
The world 's surplus economies have been propelled by American consumers ' appetite for everything from cars and electronics to furniture and clothing .
If the United States is going to save and export more , countries in emerging Asia will have to rely more on their own shoppers and on each other .
That means changing a mindset that equates economic health with bulging trade surpluses , and also ushering in a plethora of microeconomic reforms to boost Asian workers ' incomes and encourage consumption .
It is now in everybody 's interest to push China to overhaul its health care , pensions and corporate governance .
And , yes , a stronger yuan would also speed up global rebalancing .
Yet it is also dangerous for America to make a fetish of China 's currency ( see article ) .
Slapping bilateral tariffs on China , which some Democrats want to do to punish it for the low yuan , would hardly help rebalance anything : America would merely import stuff from elsewhere .
And the cost in terms of beggar - thy - neighbour protectionism and diplomatic poison would be dire .
Far better for Mr Obama to seek a multilateral solution while focusing on rebalancing at home .
How to become thriftier without anybody minding
From that perspective the macroeconomic imperative in Washington is clear : a credible medium - term plan to reduce the deficit .
That would avoid premature and dangerous tightening while calming bond markets enough to hold down long - term interest rates .
The combination of tight fiscal policy and low interest rates is usually a recipe for a weaker currency .
Plenty of microeconomic reforms could also help with rebalancing .
America taxes income and investment too much and consumption too little .
So far Mr Obama 's policies have mostly worsened the tilt .
Health - care reform applies for the first time a payroll tax ( for Medicare ) to investment income .
His administration has rejected a tax linked to the carbon content of fuel .
It has also increased the subsidies , guarantees and preferences for mortgages that helped inflate the housing bubble .
The federal government now stands behind 60 % of residential mortgages and seems open to the idea of creating a permanently expanded backstop .
Rather than reinforce these biases , Mr Obama should remove them .
Getting rid of the tax concessions for housing would help both control the deficit and speed up rebalancing .
Housing assistance should be aimed at homeowners who cannot easily move to jobs in brighter parts of the country because their homes are worth less than their mortgages .
By helping people reduce their mortgage debts , Mr Obama has taken a step in the right direction .
The world 's biggest economy has begun a long overdue rebalancing .
American consumption and borrowing can no longer be the engine of either America 's economy or the world's .
That is the hope .
The fear is that politicians everywhere are incapable of dealing with the consequences .
/>
On Tuesday , 13 April 2010 , the Order Regarding the Prevention of Infiltration ( Amendment No. 2 ) and the Order Regarding Defense Regulations ( Amendment No. 112 ) came into force .
The orders were signed by former OC Central Command Maj. Gen. Gadi Shamni in October 2009 .
Under the orders , any Palestinian who enters the West Bank “ unlawfully ” and any person who is present there without an Israeli permit is deemed an “ infiltrator ” and may be deported from the West Bank by Israel .
The definitions in the orders are vague : they do not determine , for example , what is considered a valid permit and whether a Palestinian identity card constitutes one .
The new definition of “ infiltrator ” turns persons whom Israel previously classified as “ persons staying illegally ” in the West Bank into criminals , who are subject to seven years ' imprisonment .
Persons able to prove they entered the West Bank lawfully , but remained after their permit expired , are subject to up to three year 's imprisonment .
Given Israel 's current policy , B'Tselem is concerned that the orders will be used primarily against Palestinians who have lived in the West Bank for many years and have established their lives there , but whose official address remains in the Gaza Strip because Israel refuses to change their address in the population registry .
It is also feared that Israel will use the orders to deport spouses of residents of the West Bank when the spouse holds a foreign passport and Israel refuses to grant their application for family unification .
It is estimated there are tens of thousands of persons in these categories .
Ten human rights organizations , B'Tselem among them , wrote to the Defense Minister demanding that he postpone the entry into force of the two orders pending a serious and comprehensive discussion on the matter .
Following the publication of the order in the media , military officials announced that , since the beginning this year , only five Palestinians had been deported from the West Bank to Gaza , and that the orders do not significantly change the existing situation .
The officials stated that the only change is the establishment of a military appeals committee , which will provide greater protection to Palestinians subject to deportation .
Ha'aretz reported that the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories informed the chairman of the Palestinian Authority that Israel does not intend to harm Gazan residents living in the West Bank .
Contrary to Israel 's declarations , however , the orders make it easier for Israel to carry out the deportation .
In the past year , HaMoked : Center for the Defence of the Individual petitioned the Israeli High Court of Justice in a number of cases in which the army ordered that Palestinians in the West Bank who were registered in the population registry as Gazan residents be deported to Gaza .
In some of the cases , the justices sharply criticized the deportation and the army was compelled to cancel the orders .
According to HaMoked , the new order is intended to serve as a ” High Court bypass ” mechanism , facilitating deportation in similar cases in the future , in that the army must bring candidates for deportation before the committee within eight days , while they can be deported without judicial review within 72 hours .
At the same time , the candidates for deportation are not allowed to appeal to the committee , or to any court , during these eight days .
Every person has the right not to be removed from his home and from his place of residence .
The Fourth Geneva Convention imposes an absolute prohibition on the forced removal of civilians from their homes , the violation of which is deemed an especially grave breach of the Convention .
JREF Swift Blog
Of Cats and Causation
I was playing a card game with my grandmother and my girlfriend , many years ago .
The game is called " Frustration , " and it involves laying down a large number of cards on the table from time to time .
My grandmother had a cat named " Misty , " who I believe was named by someone fluent in German .
Misty liked to be where the action was , and would often jump up on the table and wander from person to person , looking for attention .
After a particularly long round , I laid down my cards .
Just then , Misty hopped up on the table and faced my girlfriend , with her tail gently swishing over my carefully organized cards .
I gave her a gentle tug on her tail .
And with an alleycat yowl she lashed out at my girlfriend , narrowly missing a cheek with her furniture - shredding talons .
I had apparently tugged a bit too hard for Misty 's liking , and Misty punished the wrong person .
My girlfriend , surprised , lashed back - swatting the cat and sending her scurrying .
The cat avoided my girlfriend ever after , fearing another unprovoked tug and smack .
Why did this happen ?
The answer is obvious .
I was behind the cat , unseen , and the cat 's focus was on my girlfriend .
The cat automatically associated the tail - tug with my girlfriend because that 's the context she was in .
Misty was justified in lashing out — someone was tugging her tail ! — but her chosen victim was also innocent , and unrelated to the problem .
My girlfriend rightfully defended herself , not knowing that I had actually caused the cat 's reaction .
How could we explain all that to Misty ?
I believe we see a similar reaction in parents who have children diagnosed with autism .
Something has happened to their child .
It 's a doctor reporting it , the same doctor who recently gave the child a vaccine , and the same doctor who has no cure .
A parent 's instinct is to lash out when their child has been injured , but alas , who is tugging the tail that is autism ?
No one actually knows , but it 's easy to point one 's claws at the medical community , which from the parent 's perspective has had all the control in the situation .
And the medical community ( which includes skeptics ) lashes back at the parents , creating a toxic conflict that benefits no one .
Enough , I say .
Parents of children with autism need our support , not our criticism .
If they 're convinced that vaccines caused their autism or that diet can cure it , we should treat them with respect and offer our evidence to the contrary .
Politely .
Calmly .
As frustrated as we might get at their blatant refusal to look at simple data , anger is n't going to help the situation .
Consider it from their point of view :
They 're encountering groups that promote anti-vaccination rhetoric , and those groups welcome them with open arms , camaraderie and support .
The skeptics , on the other hand , often react negatively , telling distraught parents that they 're wrong and harming other people 's children .
Guess what ?
That 's factually correct , but that does n't mean we need to be harshly confrontational .
We need to be supportive .
It 's not easy , and it goes against our emotions , but the burden is ours .
When the cat lashes out , we can understand what 's going on .
In fact , we 're the only ones who can .
It 's up to us to set the tone .
I do n't say this to belittle parents or to let Jenny McCarthy off the hook .
There is a huge difference between the soccermom who looks at the wrong website for her info and a person with a powerful media presence who actively promotes false information .
Attack Jenny , but embrace the soccer mom .
And as for the tail tugger that is the root cause of autism , we 'll just keep looking .
Together , hopefully .
( Thanks to Andrew Gould for the cat photo ! )
Because of the nature of the show , the visual effects department is called on to create a variety of different effects for show .
From simple rig removals to full CG created shots , the talented team of artists at Supernatural strive to create high quality effects people have come to expect from the show .
Dan Schick is a visual effects compositor and has been involved with the TV series Supernatural for seasons one through five .
Because of the nature of the show , the visual effects department is called on to create a variety of different effects for show .
From simple rig removals to full CG created shots , the talented team of artists at Supernatural strive to create high quality effects people have come to expect from the show .
Image and Videos Courtesy of Dan Schick .
Video Encoding : 3Dup.com
Far from Brazil , 40 years on , and without the guidance of an acolyte , it reads like a peculiar piece of Marxist rhetoric , designating students as teachers and calling for them to " critically recognize " the oppressor " as a force ' outside ' themselves " in order to be " more fully human . "
Anyone who has been through , or near , a typical school of education is familiar with this language — but would not have been before Freire ’s book .
The philosophy ’s oblique relationship to what schooling actually is recalls how , for medievals , learning to recite in Latin and Greek and engaging in disputes about religion was what constituted a proper education .
Freire 's work will look just as contingent in 100 years .
It ’s one thing to think of leftism as a component of an education — although even that is open to question .
The problem with Freire ’s influence is that it has conditioned a sense that leftism should be the central pillar of education , with facts themselves distrusted as “ dry ” and “ colonial ” ( a point Freire himself made ) , at best something to get to later or in passing .
The uninitiated would be shocked at how deeply this notion pervades the way many teachers are “ trained ” — check with someone you know who ’s getting an ed degree to get a sense of this .
Example : an acquaintance has reported that two years of training at Columbia ’s Teachers College included not a thing about actual classroom teaching technique and everything about shielding your students from a world of oppressors .
The idea is that this stuff is especially crucial when teaching poor and minority kids .
Plus , white kids in private schools are less likely to be stuck with teachers who think this way , because private schools are less likely to require ed school certification .
The adoption of Freire ’s book by people caught up in a passing , quirky quest to unite their sixties politics with their classroom technique was a historical accident .
Now set as a tradition , it has left countless innocent black kids ( and others ) undereducated at a crucial age .
I wish it had n’t happened .
Specifically , black American history would be better off if Freire ’s book had not been translated into English .
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Here is article ( in Polish language , but you will surely understand the first bar graph )
http://interaktywnie.com/biznes/newsy/raporty-i-badania/tak-w-polsce-placi-sie-pracownikom-it-12414 that shows that Perl developers earn the highest salaries in Poland ( 50 % more than PHP coders ) 😉
The numbers on graph means : length of bar – monthly salary in polish złoty ( currency ) – divde by 4 to get values in Euro , percentage in pink box – percentage of that language users ( perl – 5 % )
Quoting a mathematical formula might look smart , but algebra is only meaningful when it is given a meaningful content .
by Ben Courtice
from [ bcc:green socialist ]
I=P×A×T ( commonly pronounced “ eye - pat ” ) is a formula , often cited , describing the factors that cause environmental degradation .
In this formula , I stands for impact ; P stands for Population ; A stands for Affluence ( or amount consumed ) ; T stands for Technology .
The population , multiplied by the “ affluence ” ( or amount of stuff consumed ) , multiplied by the technology used to produce the stuff that is consumed , gives the impact of humans .
At first glance this is an indisputable description of the overall impact of humanity taken as a whole .
Its use lies in this division of impact into different factors : having done so , we can consider how each separate factor works in our further inquiry .
But by itself , eye - pat is really not a useful description of the problem .
It is almost mathematically meaningless , because A and T simply describe averages , per capita .
Taken together , they add up to the average ecological footprint of each unit of population ( each person , that is ) .
So the total impact equals the average impact multiplied by the number of people .
The mathematics of this is as profound as saying that a number equals half of itself multiplied by two .
The formula is also based on , and biased toward a population focus .
It divides impact by person , not by income bracket , nation , bio-region , or any of the other possible ways of dividing up society ’s overall impact .
This predisposes the formula to an individualist and consumerist approach to solving environmental impact and it predisposes the formula to suggesting population control measures .
Yet population is just one arbitrary factor among many that could have been chosen , and our impact as individuals is only caused by our interactions with others , through work as much as through consumption .
To take apart the formula some more , it is commonly ( and fairly ) criticised that “ affluence ” takes no account of the vast differences between rich and poor , or the consumption and technology in which we have no direct say – like the resources used to maintain the world ’s war machinery and armies for example .
To really examine how an increase in the amount of consumption ( or what is consumed ) can impact , you have to look at who is doing the consuming and why – not a statistical average of the whole world or whole nation .
Population , equally , has to be analysed as an independent factor with its own dynamic of change driven by social and environmental factors to gain any real insight .
But more profoundly , the formula says nothing about how pollution / impact grows in relation to the three factors : each is given an equal weight , independent of way they interact with each other , which is only measured in the end figure of “ I ” .
Population grows incrementally , generation after generation , at various rates around the world .
In Australia , it is only growing due to immigration , as the birth rate is currently below the rate of replacement .
Growth due to immigration is not growth in population overall , because population is a global phenomenon .
The whole world ’s population is projected to peak this century , and its rate of growth has already begun to slow .
Changes in technology and consumption , however , can leap in rapid bounds .
Any changes in consumer items or production practices are multiplied through the social mechanism of the market economy .
Imagine a newly released consumer item is put on the market and rapidly taken up by consumers .
This addition of one technologically produced consumer item results in an impact that is rapidly multiplied by that part of the population that buys it .
Markets tend to expand because capitalism is a system that requires economic growth to survive , so if an item is successful in a part of the market it is sold fairly quickly to the whole population , or large parts of the population .
This applies to SUVs or McMansions as much as iPods or fresh produce imported by fast refrigerated air - freight .
So an increase in technology is rapidly multiplied by the whole population .
Yet an increase in population does not multiply by the whole ecological footprint of everyone else added up : it only multiplies by the average of their footprints .
( Here I am taking ecological footprint as equivalent to A×T ) .
So population growth only adds incrementally to overall impact , whereas changes in technology and production for the market multiply the impact .
Taken on a regional or national level , many factors are quite unrelated to population .
Coal for export will continue to be mined and shipped , whether Australia ’s population doubles or halves , unless political measures entirely independent of the individualist I=P×A×T paradigm are taken .
A simplistic reliance on eye - pat to “ prove ” the importance of population controls for environmental protection is very wrong .
Population cannot be reduced to one of only three factors that determine ecological impact .
Quoting a mathematical formula might look smart , but algebra is only meaningful when it is given a meaningful content .
I=PAT does not impart much meaning .
Some of Japan 's biggest online electronics retailers have stopped shipping Apple products , apparently at the request of the Cupertino , California - based company .
Yodobashi.com and Biccamera.com , the online outlets for two of Japan 's largest electronics chains , still list Apple products at their sites but advise customers they must come into the store to pick them up .
" At the request of Apple , Yodobashi.com is no longer able to sell [ Apple ] products , " says a message when customers try to buy an iPod or a Macintosh computer .
" Apple products must be delivered through a Yodobashi Camera store . "
Amazon Japan , which does n't have brick - and - mortar retail outlets , continues to sell Apple products online .
Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment Monday .
scalaxb is an XML data - binding tool for Scala that supports W3C XML Schema ( xsd ) and Web Services Description Language ( wsdl ) as the input file .
status
The latest is
Many things still may not work .
I 'd really appreciate if you could run it against your favorite xsd file and let me know the result .
usage
$ scalaxb [ options ] < schema_file >... -d < directory > | -- outdir < directory > generated files will go into < directory > -p < package > | -- default - package < package > specifies the target package -- package :< namespaceURI >=< package > specifies the target package for < namespaceURI > -- class - prefix < prefix > prefixes generated class names -- param - prefix < prefix > prefixes generated parameter names -- prepend - family prepends family name to class names -- wrap - contents < complexType > wraps inner contents into a seperate case class -- contents - limit < size > defines long contents to be segmented ( default : 20 ) -- chunk - size < size > segments long sequences into chunks ( default : 10 ) -- package - dir generates package directories -- protocol - file < name.scala > protocol file name ( xmlprotocol.scala ) -- protocol - package < package > package for protocols -- no - runtime skips runtime files -- lax - any relaxes namespace constraints of xs:any -- blocking generates blocking SOAP client -- dispatch - version < version > version of Dispatch ( default : 0.11.1 ) -v | -- verbose be extra verbose -- help display this message -- version display version info < schema_file >... input schema to be converted
sponsors
Thanks to YourKit for supporting scalaxb !
YourKit Java Profiler works great for profiling Scala applications .
WASHINGTON — China and India formally agreed Tuesday to join the international climate change agreement reached in December in Copenhagen , the last two major economies to sign up .
The two countries , among the largest and fastest - growing sources of greenhouse gas emissions in the world , submitted letters to the United Nations agreeing to be included on a list of countries covered by the Copenhagen Accord , a three - page nonbinding statement reached at the end of the contentious and chaotic 10 - day conference .
China and India join 107 countries that have signed up under the accord , which calls for limiting the rise in global temperatures to no more than 2 degrees Celsius , or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit , beyond pre-industrial levels .
The agreement also calls for spending as much as $ 100 billion a year to help emerging countries adapt to climate change and develop low - carbon energy systems , to bring energy technology more quickly to the developing world and to take steps to protect tropical forests from destruction .
In Mint Condition , author Dave Jamieson tears the wax wrapper off the business of baseball cards , covering everything from old - timey cigarette - pack inserts to " FUCK FACE " and Upper Deck holograms .
Here , Jamieson traces the industry 's evolution for us , in 12 cards .
Advertisement
Dave Jamieson is a freelance writer who 's won the Livingston Award for Young Journalists and the Sidney Award .
He lives in Chicago and has a closetful of worthless baseball cards , all of them in excellent condition .
Buy his book here , and visit his web site at DaveJamieson.com .
Advertisement
1869 Peck & Snyder Cincinnati Red Stockings
The first significant batch of baseball cards turned up in the late 1860s , when a sporting goods dealer named Andrew Peck started printing cards with ballplayers on them to advertise his New York shop , the Peck & Snyder Base Ball and Sportsman 's Emporium .
These early cards were simple photographs mounted on thick cardboard , and they pretty much established what we'd see over the next hundred years : guy with mustache holds bat , looks dourly at camera .
This Peck & Snyder card shows the 10 members of the 1869 Cincinnati Red Stockings , the first explicitly professional baseball team , which was paid a modest sum to travel 12,000 miles by rail and boat , playing before 200,000 spectators and logging a 57 - 0 record for the year .
Proving that small cardboard treasures still turn up in dusty attics , a 72 - year - old Fresno , Calif. , woman discovered a copy of this card in an old box of antiques in 2008 .
It sold at auction for more than $ 75,000 .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
1887 Old Judge Hoss Radbourn
In the 1880s , America 's tobacco companies started slipping trading cards into packs of cigarettes .
The idea was to give the buyer a fun prize while simultaneously instilling brand loyalty .
Cards depicting actresses and ballplayers became a schoolboy fad , helping expose a generation of youngsters to cigarettes .
The most fascinating issue of baseball cards from this era is the Old Judge set , first released by Goodwin & Co. tobacco in 1887 .
The series included more than 2,300 unique cards depicting over 500 professional players .
Taken as a whole , it still stands as one of the great visual records of late 19th - century baseball and the men who played it .
This card shows legendary pitcher and character Charles " Old Hoss " Radbourn of the Boston Beaneaters .
Notice the middle finger slyly extended on Old Hoss 's left hip .
Eighty - five years later , hothead Detroit manager Billy Martin would take up Radbourn 's torch , covertly flipping the bird on his 1972 Topps card .
Advertisement
Advertisement
1909 T206 Honus Wagner
As many a cardboard fetishist likes to say , there 's the T206 Honus Wagner , and then there 's the rest .
Shortly after the American Tobacco Company started printing his card in 1909 , Pittsburgh 's future Hall of Fame shortstop demanded that the company halt production , leading to an abbreviated print run .
To this day , no one knows exactly why .
According to one theory , the Flying Dutchman did n't want children to see his image associated with tobacco products — a principled stand that would 've put the ballplayer generations ahead of his time .
Another popular theory asserts that Wagner believed he was n't being appropriately compensated for the use of his likeness .
Regardless of his motivations , the mystery has only added to the allure of an extremely rare card .
Only 50 to 100 examples of the T206 Wagner are believed to be in circulation today .
( The " T206 " designation comes from Jefferson Burdick 's American Card Catalog , a Dewey Decimal - type classification system for vintage cards . )
The most pristine of these specimens , which was once co-owned by hockey great Wayne Gretzky and enjoys a long , intrigue - filled pedigree , sold to an anonymous bidder in 2007 for $ 2.8 million , still the most ever spent on a baseball card .
Advertisement
Advertisement
1933 Goudey Napoleon Lajoie
The ultra-rare Nap Lajoie card from Goudey Gum may have the most titillating backstory next to the T206 Wagner , which is why many collectors put it at No. 2 on their lists of the most important baseball cards of all time .
Boston - based Goudey was one of the first outfits to start packaging baseball cards with gum during the Great Depression .
Kids flocked to Goudey 's penny - a- pack Big League set in 1933 , but they were driven mad by the elusive card No. 106 , which was supposed to picture Lajoie , a long - retired Ty Cobb rival , Triple Crown winner , and future Hall of Famer .
Many hobbyists now believe Goudey had diabolically omitted the card expecting children to buy pack after pack in a vain search for it .
( This writer tends to agree , given that Goudey seems to have " skip - numbered " one of its other trading card sets , printing only odd - numbered cards for part of the series and letting kids pine after the even numbers that did n't exist . )
The mothers of foiled collectors apparently wrote to Goudey in protest , and those who complained received in the mail a Lajoie card that had been printed in small numbers .
A surviving Lajoie in top condition will go for more than $ 100,000 on today 's market .
Advertisement
1952 Topps Mickey Mantle
Topps was little more than a fledgling bubble gum company in Brooklyn when it released its first major set of baseball cards in 1952 .
Designed by mad genius Woody Gelman and his colleague Sy Berger during the sensational 1951 postseason , the ' 52 Topps cards were unlike any baseball cards that had appeared before .
They were large , they were unusually attractive , and they had some novel and ingenious flourishes , like a player 's autograph on the front and his statistics on the back .
( Believe it or not , stats were n't a common feature on baseball cards until Topps made them one in the ' 50s . )
Now the most iconic and valuable of all post - war baseball cards , the card featuring 20 - year - old rising star Mickey Mantle was released as something of an afterthought late in the season , just as kids were turning their attention to football .
Sy Berger , who 's now retired on Long Island , told me Topps was stuck with several tons worth of the ' 52 " high number " sequence , which never sold in great numbers and which included the now - hallowed Mantle card .
Sometime in the early 1960s , Berger loaded a garbage scow with the then - worthless cards and dumped them into the ocean off the coast of New Jersey .
These days , a ' 52 Mantle in gem - mint condition can fetch more than a quarter of a million dollars .
Advertisement
1953 Bowman Pee Wee Reese
After Topps jumped into the baseball card market in 1952 , the company developed a fierce rivalry with Bowman Gum of Philadelphia .
The battle was waged in the courtroom , where lawyers tussled over ballplayer contracts , and also on the playground , where kids debated the merits of each gum company 's offerings .
The competition led to some of the finest cards ever made , not least of which was the '53 Bowman card showing Brooklyn shortstop Pee Wee Reese in action .
Throughout the first half of the 1950s , Topps and Bowman were in a footrace to sign more players to exclusive card contracts , many of which were inked in the clubhouses after games or at bars and restaurants after drinks .
In those days , a player typically got $ 125 per year for letting his face show up on a baseball card , and a lot of players signed conflicting contracts for different companies in hopes of getting some more money .
As one lawyer told Sports Illustrated in 1954 : " You could walk up to one of these ballplayers and offer him $ 50 to sign a contract to commit suicide .
He would n't read the contract or ask what it required him to do .
He 'd just grab the pen and sign .
Then he'd pick up his glove and run out for fielding practice . "
Advertisement
1959 Fleer Ted Williams
After buying out Bowman in 1956 , Topps went to great lengths to freeze out all other competitors from the field .
Among its most cutthroat maneuvers , the company actually created its own scouting system so they could contract young prospects at rock - bottom prices .
A lot of kids who were barely out of high school signed away their rights to Topps for a measly $ 5 .
Minor leaguers took to calling this payment " steak money , " since that 's what it got you in those days .
Topps 's aggressive tactics were too much for the Fleer Corporation of Philadelphia , which had been making candy since the 19th century and felt it could no longer compete without the ever - popular baseball cards .
The only player Fleer managed to lure away from Topps in 1959 was Ted Williams .
To round out a complete issue , the company contracted Teddy Ballgame for an 80 - card set showing him in all aspects of his life , whether they were interesting or not .
Among the dreariest cards were " Ted Signs for 1959 " ( pictured here ) , " Ted Decides Retirement is ‘ No Go , ' " and " Ted Relaxes . "
Fleer soon abandoned hope of producing a successful set , and the Topps monopoly ushered in a long , stagnant era for baseball cards starting in the 1960s .
Free from competition , Topps got away with some lazy and unimaginative offerings in the years leading up to 1980 , when a federal judge finally ruled that Topps 's contracts could n't prevent its rivals from manufacturing their own baseball cards .
Advertisement
1984 Donruss Don Mattingly rookie
After the federal ruling , both Donruss and Fleer entered the field in 1981 , marking the start of a baseball card boom .
Soon a new term emerged among schoolboys : " rookie card . "
In years past , collectors had never made much of a fuss over whether a particular card was the player 's first to appear .
Things changed after Mickey Mantle 's 1952 Topps rookie card started selling for thousands of dollars .
Even young collectors began to see baseball cards as investments , and buying rookie cards became a way for fans to legally gamble on a player 's future .
Yankee Don Mattingly 's spectacular 1984 season , in which he hit 23 homers , had 110 RBIs , and captured the American League batting crown at the age of 23 , started a frenzied pursuit for his 1984 rookie cards , including the Donruss one pictured here .
Jay McCracken , a former executive at Upper Deck , told me that the rookie card craze spurred by Mattingly single - handedly drove the sales of new cards for a couple of years .
" That 's why I make an argument for Don Mattingly to be in the Hall of Fame , " McCracken said .
" He 's the one that bailed out the card industry in ' 86 and ' 87 . "
Advertisement
1987 Topps Bo Jackson
Of all the sets issued during the card boom of the 1980s , I 'm fairly certain that this 1987 offering from Topps left the largest impression on young collectors .
In a sea of homogeneous - looking sets , these cards were obviously distinguished by their wood borders , which I 've heard more than one lapsed , 30 - year - old collector compare in reverie to the cheesy wood trim in his parents ' basement or the faux - wood paneling on a circa - 1982 station wagon .
In fact , the design was something of an homage to Topps ' similar - looking " woody " set from 1962 .
Along with their distinctive look , the ' 87 cards included some mind - blowing fun facts that came courtesy of Topps researchers ( e.g. , Dodger Len Matuszek : " Len 's hobbies include audio & video recording . " )
On a side note , any grown man who unearths his baseball card binders from 1987 will be surprised and perhaps saddened to see that the most sought - after cards from that year now feature some of the game 's most disgraced players : Barry Bonds , Mark McGwire , Jose Canseco , and Rafael Palmeiro .
Advertisement
1989 Upper Deck Ken Griffey Jr.
Before they even sold a single pack of cards , the guys behind upstart Upper Deck had a cocky expression for the slick cards that would make them rich : " cardboard gold . "
The company was designing cards explicitly for investment - minded collectors , jazzing up their pricey packs with glossy - stock cardboard and counterfeit - proof holograms .
But of all the smart moves they made , the shrewdest may have been to put a completely unproven rookie in the No. 1 slot of their inaugural set : Ken Griffey Jr. , who was being billed as a once - in - a - decade kind of prospect .
Upper Deck 's artists could n't even get their hands on a photograph of Junior in Mariners getup , so they had to edit a photo of the 19 - year - old in a San Bernardino Spirit uniform .
In the end , the Griffey gamble paid off as well for Upper Deck as it did for Seattle .
During the ' 89 season , kids and adults alike pursued the Upper Deck Junior as if it held the key to their financial independence .
Within a couple of years , Upper Deck would turn baseball cards into a billion - dollar industry .
Advertisement
Advertisement
1989 Fleer Bill Ripken error
Undoubtedly the naughtiest card ever pulled from a wax pack , the infamous Fleer Billy Ripken error card sent shockwaves through America 's elementary schools in the spring of ' 89 .
Not only were kids blown away by the " FUCK FACE " scribbled in black marker on the knob of the bat , most of them were equally stunned to learn that Cal Ripken Jr. had a little brother .
At the time , many people suspected Billy Ripken himself was responsible for the profanity :
He was a known clubhouse prankster and had in fact taken a cream pie to the face during an on - air interview two seasons earlier .
Ripken kept mum on the matter until two decades later , when he told CNBC's Darren Rovell in a rather incredible interview that he 'd written " FUCK FACE " on his bat in order to distinguish it from the rest of the batting - practice lumber .
At Fleer headquarters back in ' 89 , the snafu was no laughing matter .
The company had been kept in a Quaker family for generations , and the Ripken embarrassment may have expedited Fleer 's sale to Marvel Entertainment in 1989 .
" ‘ Mortified ' was n't the word , " Ted Taylor , a former Fleer executive , told me .
" They fired people .
They just went crazy .
The attitude was , You destroyed our good name . "
Advertisement
2009 Upper Deck Cole Hamels
The speculation on cards like the Ripken error created a massive bubble in the baseball card market in the late ' 80s and early '90s .
When it finally burst around the time of the ' 94 baseball strike , kids fled for video games and Pokémon and never quite returned .
In recent years , the card companies have been catering to adult collectors with elaborate , high - priced specimens , like this 2009 Cole Hamels card from Upper Deck , which includes the Philadelphia pitcher 's autograph and an actual piece of his uniform .
Hoping to steer the hobby away from such expensive gimmicks , Major League Baseball announced last year that Topps , now led by Michael Eisner of Disney fame , would once again be the sport 's exclusive card maker , just as it had been during the doldrums of the 1960s and ' 70s .
But this time around , collectors should n't worry about Topps getting too lazy .
The company can't afford to .
Industry - wide sales of new cards are now about one - seventh of what they were at the hobby 's peak in 1991 .
Meet Scott Howard , a struggling high school student with problems .
He is on a lackluster basketball team with a lame duck coach , he is having problems getting noticed by the prettiest girl in his school , Pamela Wells ( who already has a boyfriend who wants to ruin Scott 's life named Mick McAllister ) .
But in the middle of it all , he feels an effects of a dog whistle and he itches everywhere and even discovers that his nails are longer and sharp .
When he came home from a party , he discovers his new problem .
He is a half human - wolf hybrid .
He tries to keep this a secret , but during a basketball game the secret comes out and it helped Scott to turn his life around , the basketball team starts to become a contender for the state championships .
He became very popular , and he was discovered by Pamela , and begin to go out with each other ( despite that Pamela is still going out with Mick ) .
However , Scott 's father warns him about turning into the wolf out of anger .
Scott must watch his anger as ... Written by John Wiggins
Rich countries should reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 50 % and set up a court to punish climate crimes , according to an international conference of grassroots climate groups and social movements in Bolivia .
President Evo Morales , who organised the gathering , also announced plans to mount a referendum of 2 billion people on solutions to the climate crisis within a year .
Speaking at the close of the four - day World People 's Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth , Morales called on the UN to listen to the voice of the poorest .
" The UN has an obligation to listen to its peoples and social forces .
If the UN does n't want to lose its authority , they should apply the conclusions of this conference .
And if they do n't , I am convinced that the peoples will apply their wisdom , recommendations and documents , " he said .
The conference - which was attended by 30,000 people , according to the organisers , including NGOs , scientists , as well as union and government delegations - resolved to push for proposals that keep fossil fuels in the ground , protect indigenous rights , and reject plans to pay countries not to cut down forests through schemes like Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation ( Redd ) .
" This alternative has to succeed because the alternative to Cochabamba is Copenhagen and Copenhagen came out with a so - called solution to climate change that in no way meets the severity of the climate crisis , " said Canadian author and activist Naomi Klein .
" Here in Cochabamba you have one of the governments that is really negotiating for its own survival saying we can't afford to lose and you have all of civil society lining up behind that government and saying we do n't want to negotiate away any country 's survival , we refuse to be part of any negotiation like that , " she said .
The united opposition to the forest conservation scheme Redd - under which countries earn carbon credits for keeping forests intact - will concern many rich countries who are depending on it to provide billions of dollars but must convince indigenous peoples of its value .
" Redd is branded as a friendly forest conservation programme , yet it is backed by big polluters and climate profiteers .
We cannot solve this crisis with out addressing the root cause : a fossil fuel economy that disregards the rights of Mother Earth , " said Alberto Saldamando , legal counsel for the International Indian Treaty Council .
Many delegates doubted if world leaders would pay much attention to the talks .
" They may wish to deny that the peoples of the world have gathered in Cochabamba and brought forward real solutions to the problems of the world .
But the reality is that the proposals coming out from here wo n't be ignored by anyone , they cannot wish it away , " said Nnimmo Bassey , chair of Friends of the Earth International .
The meeting has no direct bearing on the UN climate talks , but it has been set up as a venue for grassroots movements to put pressure on governments to act on climate change .
" They can not simply ignore that something happened here .
This is better and more real than the Copenhagen accord that did not take off , this is the real forum for tackling the climate problems , " Bassey said .
Jim Shultz , Harvard - educated and Cochabamba - based head of the Democracy Centre , cautioned that indigenous peoples would have to learn how to achieve change in rich countries .
" Change is not going to happen by convincing people to unscrew one kind of lightbulb and put in another .
It 's not going to happen by getting people to just pick up their litter .
It 's going to happen because we as a planet relate in fundamentally different ways to the way we use energy ...
If people in the global south are serious about demanding political change from the global north then they need to get a lot more astute very quickly , about how political change in the north actually happens . "
" Developed countries should take very seriously what happened here , " said Angelica Navarro , Bolivian ambassador to the UN in Geneva .
" This is real democracy .
We are trying to bring a solution onto the negotiations table , coming from the people .
If they do n't listen I think it will be one of the biggest mistakes .
Because this is coming from the grassroots , from people that are really suffering , that are at the forefront of the battle , it will be a mistake not to hear to their own people . "
This season was n't the happiest for Wild fans .
The ups and downs expected of a franchise trying to completely change their organization and style of play happened , leaving the Wild out of the playoff picture and looking for answers .
But enough of the negatives , here are some high points for the 2009 - 2010 season that Minnesota fans can look back on with a smile .
Injuries are no fun .
I 've sprained my ankle a couple of times and practicing on it was not an enjoyable experience .
I can't even imagine having a broken ankle , let alone playing hockey on it .
But I 'm not Greg Zanon .
Zanon broke his ankle and was forced to sit out by the team , but it did n't keep him out long .
Soon he was back on the ice - starting plays , making passes , blocking shots ... obviously all those things normal people with broken ankles do .
It even inspired Zanonisms .
Zanon was a beast at the end of the season and one of the Wild 's better defensemen .
Of course , what that says about the rest of the Wild 's defense is n't extremely encouraging .
Latendresse !
( Alternate title : Goodbye , Pouliot )
Benoit Pouliot was the draft pick who showed flashes of immense skill but never took it far enough .
Guillaume Latendresse was the skilled hometown player who struggled under the pressures of Montreal .
This trade worked out quite well for the Wild and warmed Minnesota fans up to Fletcher for doing one of the things the old regime could n't .
It pains me to think of what the Wild 's offense would have looked like without Latendresse .
It 's ZHid-liTS-ky
Almost two entire seasons after being acquired in the 2008 off - season , someone decided to figure out the proper pronunciation of Marek Zidlicky 's name .
A Czech Republic native , Zidlicky 's name was rarely pronounced corectly , even by the Wild .
But everyone 's favorite beat writer Russo decided that knowing the correct pronunciation might be a good thing to share with the world , so he asked Zidlicky himself and figured out the answer .
It 's not Zid - lick -y or any of the other improper ways people said his name , it 's Zhid - lits - ky .
Know it , embrace it , pronounce the poor guy 's name right .
Kaptain Koivu
Mikko Koivu has had control of the Wild 's locker room for some time but the 2009 - 2010 season marked the first time he had it permanently displayed on his jersey .
He received the rotating C for various months under Jacques Lemaire but Todd Richards abandoned that system when he took over .
After some time and observation , Richards gave Koivu the permanent C . And that C looks mighty nice .
Learn from him , kids
Owen Nolan was drafted eight months before I was born .
I was n't really into hockey during his golden years .
I did n't completely understand the significance when the Wild signed him in July of 2008 .
Yet he 's one of my favorite players .
Nolan and Andrew Brunette ( whom I also appreciate immensely ) have provided a veteran presence and amazing example for some of the Wild 's younger , developing players ( the few they have , anyway ) .
Nolan 's contract with the Wild only ran through this season and it's unsure of how much longer he 'll continue to play in the NHL .
While I would like Nolan to stay in Minnesota for my own selfish reasons , he deserves a championship .
But having Nolan on this team has been a treat .
What did I miss , Wild fans ?
What are some of your favorite moments from this season ?
Scientists have known that newly acquired , short - term memories are often fleeting .
But a new study in flies suggests that kind of forgetfulness does n't just happen .
Rather , an active process of erasing memories may in some ways be as important as the ability to lay down new memories , say researchers who report their findings in the February 19th issue of the journal Cell .
" Learning activates the biochemical formation of memory , " says Yi Zhong of Tsinghua University and Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory .
" But you need to remove memories for new information to come in .
We 've found that forgetting is an active process to remove memory . "
The researchers have traced that process to a molecular pathway including a small protein known as Rac .
When that mechanism is blocked , flies hold on to newly acquired memories for longer than they otherwise would .
At the psychological level , scientists have debated about the reasons we forget .
One theory held that new memories are simply unstable and evaporate over time .
On the other hand , some thought that interference caused earlier short - term memories to be overridden as new information comes in .
Now it appears that those competing notions are , at the molecular level at least , one and the same .
Zhong 's team made their discovery by training flies with two aversive odors .
To add to the aversion with one of the two odors , the researchers delivered a foot shock to the insects as they smelled it .
That education normally leads flies to avoid the odor associated with a shock in favor of the alternative .
In the first set of experiments , the researchers simply left the flies alone after their training session was over and then tested them at particular time points as their memory weakened .
In a second experiment , the researchers interfered with the new memories by exposing flies to a new pair of odors .
Finally , they reversed the flies ' lesson by delivering the foot shock in conjunction with the opposite odor .
In all cases , the flies forgot what they learned after some period of time in a process driven by Rac .
Rac switches on when flies simply forget with the passage of time , they report .
It just switches on faster when the insects either get distracted by new information or " confused " by conflicting experiences .
When Rac was blocked , new memories decayed more slowly , extending their life from a few hours to more than a day .
When Rac levels were artificially increased in fly neurons , the insects ' new memories were erased more rapidly .
The findings open up a whole new avenue of study in neuroscience of the process of forgetting , Zhong said .
Ironically , this line of exploration may turn out to reveal much about how memories are made .
" We still do n't really understand the substrate of memory in terms of what is formed and what is erased , " Zhong said .
" The study of forgetting may be a better way to identify the material basis of memory . "
He suspects the forgetting mechanism uncovered in flies will apply to other organisms , noting that there are already some hints in that direction in mice .
Intriguingly , mutations in other players in the Rac pathway have also been linked to mental retardation in humans , he said .
The researchers include Yichun Shuai , Tsinghua University , Beijing , P.R. China ; Binyan Lu , Tsinghua University , Beijing , P.R. China ; Ying Hu , Tsinghua University , Beijing , P.R. China ; Lianzhang Wang , Tsinghua University , Beijing , P.R. China ; Kan Sun , Tsinghua University , Beijing , P.R. China ; and Yi Zhong , Tsinghua University , Beijing , P.R. China , Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory , Cold Spring Harbor , NY .
Even if you have n’t watched True Blood , you ’ve seen Carrie Preston before .
Carrie has the remarkable ability to transform herself – her looks and mannerisms – in each role she does .
She ’s been in Duplicity and My Best Friends Wedding with Julia Roberts .
Doubt , Vicky Christina Barcelona and even an episode of Sex and the City that I totally remember her in .
She even played Ben Linus ’ ( her husband , the great Michael Emerson ) mother on an episode of Lost !
I could go on but my fingers will get tired from all the typing .
She ’s currently filming season 3 of True Blood and she took some time out to talk to me about Broadway , how she prepares for a role and yes , True Blood .
So , you ’re from Georgia and you got started doing plays as a kid ?
Yeah , I ’m one of those , like I like to say I ’m a “ lifer . ”
I ’m in it for life .
My brothers also an actor , and we started doing plays in Macon , Georgia community theater when we were pretty young .
My brother , John , his name ’s John Preston , he got the first play .
He ’s older than me by two years , so I watched him , and I was like , “ I want to do what John ’s doing . ”
And then before we knew it , we were completely ensconced in doing plays growing up .
And then I even started my own street theater company when I was in the 7th grade with all the neighborhood kids , and I would charge 25 cents .
We would make up skits and sing songs and do it in the front yard .
I mean , that was pretty much … it was very clear that that was what I wanted to do with my life .
I just did n’t know that you could make a living at it .
Was there any one show or one specific moment that you were like , this is it ?
I definitely got bitten by the bug , immediately , you know , when I was in the 4th grade .
Just doing the school , the community theater production of some play , it was called , The Lion Who Would n’t .
You know how they write those plays for kids and stuff ?
The director who was running the community theater , he pulled my mom aside and he said , “ Your child ’s an actor ” , and my mom said , “ Oh thank you , she ’s having a good time . ”
And he said , “ No , no , no , no .
You ’re not hearing me .
Your children are actors .
That ’s what they are . ”
So he encouraged us at a young age and sort of brought it up to my parents in a way that they had to kind of sit up and listen .
And thankfully my parents were very supportive and never tried to talk us into becoming accountants or anything like that .
Yeah , my mom said that to me more than once .
And I said , mom I ca n’t even count .
Exactly !
There ’s no back up here .
This is it .
This is what we ’re doing .
You went to Julliard .
How was that ?
I heard it can be tough .
Yeah , you know what , it ’s funny .
Whenever I run into people that I was in school with , and I ’m still very close to , like James Vasquez , who is in my production company with me , we were at Julliard together .
And it ’s just like we went through Vietnam .
We say , “ Yeah were in ‘ Nam together and we were in acting boot camp . ”
But you know what , it was a great program .
I went there after I ’d already gone to undergrad .
So , I was very , very focused there and if you are , you can get a lot out of that place .
I mean , I probably could ’ve left after a year or two and been fine , but if I had n’t had those four years in New York City to acclimatize myself to that town and the business , I think it would ’ve taken me that long to get a Broadway show anyway .
You know what I mean ?
And so I may as well be there learning and being around some of the best teachers in the country .
I kind of felt a little bit lucky , like I was in a little bit of a cocoon and was able to hatch out of that and into the industry in a less painful way than if I just moved to New York from Macon , Georgia .
After leaving Julliard , you were on Broadway with Patrick Stewart doing the Tempest .
That has to be thrilling and nerve - wracking .
It was a pretty exciting way to make my Broadway debut .
Luckily , we had done the play at Shakespeare in the Park first , and it was a big hit in Central Park .
And they had n’t had a hit like that in a long time , so it was very exciting .
We would finish a show and there would be people camping out for the next day to get the tickets for the next night , so it was like that .
It was kind of magical , you know ?
To be doing that play in the open sky .
A play about a tempest .
Sometimes it would rain and then we would be talking about a storm and it would be there and the audiences were just loving it .
It was really cool to be able to take the show that was so big and transfer it indoors and make it work in there .
And of course we had George Wolf , who is a genius director .
And we had a limited run , so the houses were always full , and I made a great friend in Patrick Stewart .
And then ended up many years later doing Who ’s Afraid of Virginia Wolf with him at the Guthrie playing Honey .
So I got to do two plays with him , which was great .
And we already had built this relationship .
But that ’s what you do , you build relationships with people , and if you ’re lucky you get to work with them again .
What do you like better , Broadway or film and television ?
You know , I really am very happy taking a break from the theater right now .
I mean , I love it , and I certainly have been doing it my whole life .
But it ’s fun to be in the television and film mediums now and learning the ropes there , you know ?
Because , it was something that I started doing later , after all the theater training .
So I ’m really happy doing that right now .
Really , really happy with that , yeah .
And then of course the directing and producing of films , too , is very exciting for me .
Looking at your resume and your work , you ’ve been in a ton of TV shows and films that I ’ve seen , and you are almost completely unrecognizable in each role .
You look totally different from part to part .
That ’s just amazing .
I appreciate you noticing that .
A lot of times I kind of feel like I ’m starting over for each part because people do n’t realize that I was also the one that was in 10 other things that they ’ve seen .
So a couple years ago , I finally hired a publicist and that has been great because they ’ve been able to sort of connect the dots for people and say she ’s the redhead on True Blood , but you watch Duplicity and she ’s the blond worker , kind of conservative and then on True Blood she ’s the crazy buxom , sassy waitress .
And its definitely been interesting for me especially since I ’m pretty much incognito when I ’m out in the world .
But that can be fun because people get … they ’re always they ’re always a little bit surprised .
You ’ve worked with some fantastic actors .
Do you ever sit back and watch the work and find out later that you ’re stealing some little bit of technique from them ?
Sure , I think everybody sort of rubs off on you if you ’re smart enough to let it happen .
I mean , I think that ’s how we grow is you know watching other people .
If you ’re really present in the scene , you ’re gonna start doing things that you did n’t even plan .
If you ’re really there and reacting to what they ’re doing and before it you ’re like wow I ’ve never done anything like that before because of the other person that I was working with .
If you make it about the other person , I think you ’re kind of better off .
What actor do you think has most influenced you ?
Um … gosh , well certainly my husband , Michael Emerson .
Just watching him and watching his work .
He ’s sort of similar in that he really does transform from role to role .
And he happens to be playing one role right now that he ’s most recognizable for .
But he played Oscar Wilde off Broadway in one of the biggest New York hits in the 90s and could n’t be more different than Benjamin Linus .
I guess it ’s more people that I ’ve actually worked with than watching people I do n’t know .
Of course I admire many actors on screen , Meryl Streep has always been a hero of mine .
Holly Hunter , she ’s from Georgia .
I got to work with her and being on set and working with her on this little movie called Woman Wanted was more than thrilling because I kind of had her as a role model because she came from where I came from .
Even Julia Roberts , I ’ve worked with her twice and she ’s from Georgia .
I feel this connection with people I feel like come from a similar background .
Even in the most recent film that ’s out that I ’m in called That Evening Sun , Ray McKinnon and Walton Goggins who are actors in the movie , but they ’re also producers and directors , I just learned a lot being around them and being on set with them .
And again they ’re both from Georgia .
And I do like to find the common ground .
Now you said that you ’re married to Michael Emerson , do you guys ever consult each other on roles you ’re considering or help each other work on scenes ?
We try to keep it separate .
We sort of task each other in the roles of being supportive and so we really do n’t do that .
I mean , every once in a while if I have an audition and I feel like I need another eye , I ’ll work on it with him .
And he ’ll give me a few suggestions and vice versa , but for the most part we kind of stay out of each other ’s way .
Because , so much of this business is about having to overcome obstacles and so we do n’t even want to bring that into the house .
But a lot of times , because I ’m traveling a lot I will put myself on tape for auditions and he reads with me off camera .
And that ’s always helpful because he ’s much more relaxed than if you go into a casting director ’s office and you ’re reading with a casting director .
How do you prepare for a role ?
I guess it ’s different for each part depending on the demands of the part .
I mean , True Blood … now I really know Arlene and it ’s very fun to have a character that you know and you know how to embody that you actually get to have different scenes every day as opposed to a play where you learn the entire play and then you do it over and over again .
You get on the same train every night .
It ’s kind of fun doing a TV show where it ’s a little – you have to bring different tools to the table .
I play a lead in a film called Lovely by Surprise and it was a very ….
not such a linear way of telling a story , and so the character had a lot of psychological things that was going on so I prepared for that role in a different way than I would have for say Duplicity .
I actually learned the entire role .
I was completely off book before I got to set just because I felt like I needed to understand the entire arc of it before I even went into it so that I would have the freedom to play with whatever was being thrown my way .
I ’m glad I did it that way because it was an indie and they had a short shooting schedule .
So , I felt prepared but not you know set .
Let ’s talk about True Blood for a second .
When you first read the part , did the character immediately jump out at you ?
Because you ’re perfect at it .
Well , I appreciate that , but you ’ve seen what I look like .
You do n’t immediately read True Blood and think , oh Carrie Preston for Arlene , the 40 - something , red - headed , buxom – it just does n’t happen .
The only reason that I got that part was because I had worked with Alan Ball already on a film that he directed call Towelhead , and so I met him on that film and I was playing a completely different character , albeit a Southern one .
Completely different than Arlene , but Alan is one of those people that is perfectly okay with casting an actor that he likes and letting the actor find the role .
You know , instead of casting somebody who is perfect .
I mean , he cast Anna Paquin as Sookie and she ’s not the first person you would think of for that part either .
And actually he kind of did that with everybody on that show .
He just picks actors that he likes and he lets us find the role .
So when I was doing Towelhead with him , I asked him what he was doing next , and he told me he was doing a vampire show , and I was like “ what ? ”
And he said , “ Yeah , I think I might have something for you in there , ” and when I read the script I did n’t know what he was talking about .
I called my agent , I was like “ I do n’t know which part he ’s talking about .
There ’s nothing for me in here . ”
And he was like oh it ’s Arlene .
And I was like okay .
Alright , I can try that .
So , I went in and I know that woman .
I grew up with that woman .
And I brought an audition in that and he was very interested in how I interpreted it and he told HBO that ’s who I want and they said great , and we ’ll get her a wig .
So that ’s what they did .
It was nice .
Once again , you know , work that gets work .
Does Alan Ball or does somebody call you and tell you your storyline before the season starts ?
Well , our show is based on these books , so we do have a blueprint of the series but they ’ve really departed from that quite a bit .
And so I did read the books and just kind of got a general idea of it .
But I trust our writers .
Our writers are pretty great .
And we ’re lucky in that we get scripts pretty far in advance whereas some shows like Lost they get them a couple of days before they start shooting .
Like for example , we just started shooting the 5th episode of season 3 , but we ’ve gotten scripts through the 6th already .
So it is nice to have sort of the sense of where your character is going .
But you know we ’ve got some great writers that we can trust are gonna take someplace .
And Alan has told me a little bit about what is gonna happen with my character for the rest of the season so I kind of know a little bit about where we ’re going .
So you said earlier you started your own production company .
Is that more to take control of your career , create roles you might not ultimately be considered for ?
You know , we started it back in 2004 when James and I were both not working a lot and I had been taking some classes , some filmmaking classes and was starting to mess around with it a little bit .
And rather naively , we just said well let ’s make a movie .
And we kind of self - taught ourselves how to do that .
And before we knew it we ’re shooting on weekends and we ’re getting this footage and before we knew it we had enough to cut the film together .
And then it ended up doing well .
We learned a lot and we were able to kind of take what we learned on the first one and improve it on the next one .
And sort of the goal is to kind of keep building and these are no - budget movies , you know .
Now I ’m hopefully directing in the fall a movie that a friend of mine wrote and we ’re hoping we ’ll be able to take it to the next level and we have investors that are interested in actually giving us a budget .
Whereas before we were pretty much self - budgeted .
It ’s been exciting to kind of keep taking these little baby steps .
What ’s your advice to actors ?
My advice to actors is do n’t wait around for somebody to tell you what you can do because there are so many ways now to be creative and to create your own work whether it be doing a showcase of a play or getting a camera and shooting a short or shooting a feature or whatever .
We ’re much more empowered now that technology has advanced so much .
Where people can create their own work .
Because as soon as you start putting your power in somebody else ’s hands , then your creativity , I think , is gonna be stifled .
Growing up in the US we all recognize the familiar big yellow school bus that we rode every morning as kid .
You might have heard about some hippies painting the bus and riding around the country , but rarely do you actually see such a bus .
But in Central America painted school buses are pretty common and all kinds of people ride them .
Usually known as Chicken Buses , some travelers will tell you to avoid them , and some will encourage you to take advantage , but in the end it really comes down to what kind of traveler you are .
Not only are they cheap , but they ’re a great way to have a front seat to the culture in Central America .
Chicken buses are especially common in Guatemala and Panama , but can be found all over .
Even if you never want to ride on one of these buses , you have to admit the look pretty cool .
Guatemala
A typical bus station in Antigua , Guatemala .
Photo taken by TwoBackpackers.com
Not only does this bus have a unique custom paint job , but a pretty sweet grill too .
Panama
Photo taken by TwoBackpackers.com
Not every camioneta just features a bright paint job .
Some have huge murals , portraits and other pieces of artwork .
El Salvador
Honduras
Nicaragua
You know a bus with flames on it will get you to the hospital FAST .
to make a good cup of coffee these days ?
Damn hard , if you listen to the lackeys of Big Bean .
Almost beyond the skill of man .
Trust the machine , they say .
The Automatic Drip .
The Electronic Espresso .
The $ 20,000 Japanese Laboratory .
Whatever crap the barrista can pull from that ginormous Italian Industrial .
No .
Here is how to make a good cup of coffee :
Place two heaping tablespoons of grounds per mug in the bottom of a French press .
Pour in the necessary amount of nearly boiling water .
Stir the grounds until you get a layer of foam .
Wait one minute .
Press the plunger down halfway and pull it back up .
Wait two minutes .
Press the plunger all the way down , pour , and drink .
Simple .
Rich .
Thrifty .
Yes .
* You know , Eliot Ness — leader of the Untouchables .
As Agent Cooper ( the guy in the photo ) was to Twin Peaks , so Ness was to Chicago .
And Cooper knew his coffee .
RELATED LINKS :
THE ENDORSEMENT : Breakfast on the Way to Work
THE ENDORSEMENT : The Manmosa
THE LIST : The 59 Best Breakfast Places in America
THE GUIDE : Esquire 's All - You - Can-Eat Breakfast
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Drivers negotiating one of Hillsboro ’s most dangerous intersections wo n’t have to worry about automated cameras after all .
Subscribe today
This story was printed on Page
A1
of the April 9 Hillsboro Argus .
To subscribe to the Argus for less than $ 3.50 a month
.
The Hillsboro City Council Tuesday reversed its June 2009 decision to install a monitoring system offered by Redflex Traffic Systems Inc. , of Phoenix , Ariz . , at Northwest Evergreen Parkway and 185th Avenue .
Breaking its signed contract with Redflex will set the city back $ 2,000 , a penalty that would have been much higher had equipment already been installed .
According to a memo supplied by Hillsboro Police Lt. Henry Reimann , the project ’s coordinator , progress had been delayed and a memo of understanding with Washington County , which has responsibility for 185th as a primary arterial , had been placed on hold .
Tuesday ’s discussion essentially duplicated arguments raised during a February council work session .
In the 2009 vote to implement the automated system , only Councilors Aron Carleson and Doug Johnson had withheld support .
Now , of the remaining council members , only Ed Dennis , who had originally proposed adding this “ tool ” to the traffic safety mix available to Hillsboro police , remained in favor of implementation .
Objections centered around the image projected by the use of photo monitoring of drivers .
Councilor Aron Carleson focused on the damage this could do to the city ’s reputation .
The Evergreen - 185th intersection is very close to a high - use exit from Highway 26 .
“ Welcome to Hillsboro , ” Carleson said .
“ Your first intersection is with photo red light camera . ”
Council Mike Castillo pointed out another consequence of camera implementation : the severing of the relationship between the traffic patrol officer and driver .
“ You can go to court ( to challenge the ticket ) , but it is a fundamentally different relationship with a judge , ” he said .
Both Castillo and Carleson , along with Dennis , serve on the council ’s Transportation Committee , which had originally recommended bringing the monitoring system to Hillsboro .
The committee ’s shift of support was not lost on Councilor Doug Johnson , who pointed out that both the motion and second to terminate came from within its members .
Castillo suggested that over time photo red light surveillance might become more acceptable as a traffic safety tool .
“ In 10 years this might e viewed as just how cities do business , ” he said .
This argument did not play well with Councilor Nenice Andrews who questioned the value of such systems for accident prevention .
“ I ’m fairly jaded in regard to statistical studies , ” she said .
“ So last time was a qualified yes , and I probably would have been OK with it if it had n’t come back . ”
“ Now , from a philosophical view , I am opposed to even a pilot project , ” she concluded .
A few weeks back Intel announced they had ported Android to their Atom series of processors , and now we are getting word of what could be one of the first Android - based devices to make use of the technology .
A few unnamed insiders claim that Sony will announce their collaboration with Google during the upcoming Google I/O conference on May 19th and 20th in San Francisco .
The article over at Bloomberg states that the new line of television and home entertainment devices will use a custom - version of the Atom processor to run a new version of Android .
They reference this new version as something called Dragonpoint , which will most likely just be the name for some fancy user interface being developed for the new televisions .
Do n’t quote me on that though , because as of right now no one knows for sure what Dragonpoint really is .
Sony has been losing some ground in TV sales , dropping behind Samsung and LG in market share , and their hope is that a partnership with Google and Android will get them back on the up and up .
We ’ve already seen a few Android televisions slated for release in markets outside of the Unites States , but this new line of Sony products will be the first mass - targeted towards North America ( that is if Samsung does n’t beat them to the punch ) .
Sounds like Sony and Google want to shake up the TV market , and Android might be just the thing to do it .
Could this in fact end up being the officialy - branded Google TV we have been hearing whispers of ?
We ’ll only have to wait a few more weeks to get the full details .
[ via Bloomberg ]
ADELAIDE prankster David Thorne says his latest stunt to make waves in the digital world highlights problems with Facebook 's privacy settings .
Thorne last week created a hoax event listing on the social networking site that appeared to be a private birthday party for one " Kate Miller " .
The event was to take place at Miller 's apartment and had , seemingly , been left open to public viewing instead of set to private by accident .
Pretending that he had stumbled across the event , Thorne sent a link to his Twitter followers urging them to " hit attending & give the host an aneurysm " .
More than 60,000 people RSVP'd to the event before it was taken down by Facebook .
Thorne said he created the hoax to show how quickly events could go viral through sites like Facebook and Twitter .
" It 's like throwing a pebble into a pond and watching thousands of people jump in after it , " he told news.com.au .
However the prankster said the stunt also had a serious side .
" An invite to a private event takes approximately three minutes to create on Facebook and the button to mark it as private is easily skipped , " Thorne said .
" While Facebook has done much to simplify its usability , its privacy settings are still quite confusing for general users . "
There are two ways of making an event on Facebook .
The easiest of the two requires that users create the event first , then go into it and edit its settings if they want it to be private — which many may forget to do .
Thorne said the best way to protect your privacy on sites like Facebook was to treat all of your information as public in case of mistakes .
" It 's important , regardless of individual privacy settings , to treat all information that you include on these social networking sites as completely public and include personal information appropriately , " he said .
Thorne said Facebook seemed to have pulled the plug on the original event after someone created an account pretending to be an angry Kate Miller .
" Everyone enjoyed the exercise , so I can only assume that when someone created a fake account pretending to be Kate Miller upset , Facebook turned off the stereo and told everyone to leave , " he said .
However the demise of the original event has only spurred on its fans , who have created more than 500 extra pages in the spirit of " Kate 's Party " .
They include : " Is going to try to get with Kate at Kate 's Party " , " We met at Kate 's Party " , " Kate 's party would have gone off " and " Where did all these Kate 's party groups come from ! ? "
The teen vodka epidemic : Thousands of middle - class girls are drinking themselves senseless ... with deadly results
Daniela had never drunk vodka before , so it took less than an hour for the half - bottle of spirits to render her unconscious on the floor of her best friend 's hallway .
She and her friends had been left alone for the first time in a family home to celebrate a 15th birthday party .
The shocked parents of the birthday girl returned just in time to see Daniela being rushed to hospital in an ambulance to have her stomach pumped .
One of the youngsters had put the public schoolgirl in the recovery position when she passed out , and then dialled 999 .
It probably saved her life , according to the paramedics who carried her out on a stretcher .
Drinking epidemic : Thousands of middle - class teenage girls are downing neat vodka at parties ( posed by models )
' It was utterly horrifying , ' the mother of the party hostess told me .
' These are the sort of children who write thank - you letters to their grandparents at Christmas .
' They came back the day after the party with chocolates to apologise .
That 's how nice they are .
They work hard at school and definitely do n't do drugs .
So how could it have happened ?'
It happened , as the parents of too many well - heeled teenagers can attest , because of the teenage trend for drinking vast amounts of neat vodka - fast .
And it 's having devastating consequences for young girls in particular .
I know all too well how prevalent this problem has become because last month we agreed to have our first - and our last - house party for our 15 - year - old daughter .
Unknown to us , one of the guests had smuggled in a bottle of vodka bought from a local shop .
We had agreed to go out before the party started and leave the 20 teenagers alone for two hours before returning to stay upstairs ( in case of trouble ) and bring the party to a close at 11.30 pm .
We had banned alcohol , though we expected that a few bottles of beer might be brought in behind our backs .
The party ended after just 60 minutes , when we returned home early after an anguished phone call from our daughter .
A couple of the guests were drunk on neat vodka and one had become very ill .
As my husband threw out the partygoers , one thing became startlingly apparent .
Not one of the boys was drunk - it was the girls who had gone too far .
Consider also the experience of one of the best schools in London , which has had to issue guidelines on school trips after a group of 14 - year - old girls downed a bottle of vodka while on an art history trip to Italy .
One ended up unconscious and had to have her stomach pumped .
Girls in need of hospital treatment because of alcohol poisoning outnumber boys by three to one , according to Home Office Statistics
Girls in need of hospital treatment because of alcohol poisoning outnumber boys by three to one , according to Home Office Statistics .
More than 100 girls a week ended up in hospital last year after binge - drinking , with 4,939 girls aged between 14 to 17 being seen by doctors for alcohol poisoning over the past five years ( compared to 1,776 boys ) - an increase of 90 per cent since 2003 .
Vodka is Britain 's favourite spirit .
Sales have tripled in the past five years because it has become ' cool ' among the young .
The problem is that it can be 40 per cent proof - compared to wine , which is 13 per cent .
' Vodka is cheap - a 70 cl bottle can be bought for £ 5 - and it's easy to get , ' says Professor Roger Williams of University College , London , the country 's foremost liver expert .
' It 's being cleverly marketed with words such as " pure " and so it seems glamorous and safe .
' Teenagers also think it 's easy to disguise and more difficult to smell on the breath .
' But it can be lethal if taken in excess .
Vodka gets absorbed into the blood rapidly .
It can cause arrhythmia , cardiac arrest , even sudden death . '
The drinks market is full of new brands of vodka , most of them aimed at young women .
There are designer - label fashion vodkas from Louis Vuitton and Roberto Cavalli , as well as the blush - rose - coloured Pinky and Diva , which comes with coloured crystals dangling in the bottle .
Marketing has helped vodka take centre stage in the nightclub , party and pop scene .
Product placement and celebrity endorsements have secured its position as a glamorous drink for the young generation .
Marketing : Designer - label fashion vodkas target young women
' Vodka has done extremely well at keeping the category contemporary and exciting , ' says Michelle Strutton , senior drinks analyst at Mintel .
' It has strong appeal among young drinkers and both budget and premium growth is keeping the category buoyant , even during this economic downturn . '
The rapper Diddy describes himself as a strategic partner of the French vodka company Ciroc and is rumoured to earn 50 per cent of its profits .
Lady Gaga 's Bad Romance pop video contained such blatant product placement that it looked like a vodka commercial .
Within the first 20 seconds of the video there are close - up shots of Lex Nemiroff vodka bottles .
Later , we see Lady Gaga having a clear liquid in a crystal glass being forced down her throat as she writhes on her back - not a good advert for responsible drinking .
As the singer is so popular with youngsters , it 's a shameful example of irresponsible marketing .
Advertising alcohol to under - 18s is strictly controlled by the Advertising Standards Association , but there does n't seem to be anything regulating the use of alcohol in U.S. pop videos and movies popular with children .
SKYY Vodka has prominent product placement in Sex And The City 2 - which has a 15 certificate and is a film with a wide appeal to teenage girls .
' I am shocked a loophole exists that effectively allows back - door advertising to children , ' says the psychologist Jacqui Marson .
' Children are getting unhelpful and dangerous messages about alcohol .
Lady Gaga drinking vodka would have much more power and influence on a child than a health education film at school warning of the dangers of alcohol . '
Forty per cent of 13 and 14 - year - olds reported being ' drunk or stoned ' when they had sex for the first time , according to the Institute of Alcohol .
Of those aged 16 to 24 , one in seven had unprotected sex when drunk ; one in five had sex they later regretted ; and one in ten revealed they have been so drunk they have been unable to remember if they had sex the night before or not .
Many parents have not grasped the seriousness of the situation .
Fathers may feel almost nostalgic about the first time they had a hangover after drinking too much beer , but today it 's the girls who are drinking to excess , not the boys .
Because of natural physiological differences , females can withstand only half the amount of alcohol a male can drink , but the fashion is for teenage girls to match drink for drink with their male friends - or consume even more .
' It 's not a big deal , you know , ' one of the girls at Daniela 's party told me .
' It is n't really a party unless an ambulance comes .
The girls who get taken to hospital always recover .'
Celebrity endorsement : Lady Gaga featured Lex Nemiroff vodka in her Bad Romance video ; Diddy is a strategic partner of French vodka company Ciroc
Tragically , that 's not true , as the grieving parents of 16 - year - old Rhona Tavener know .
The teenager from Reading , Berkshire , died after a house - warming party last year .
It 's thought the straight - A GCSE student , who was not a regular drinker , consumed half - a- litre of vodka before collapsing .
Her life - support machine was turned off four days later .
When I asked Daniela about collapsing at her friend 's birthday party , she put it down to the fact that she had n't eaten all day so she would look slim in her dress .
Daniela and her friends not only believe that vodka is glamorous and chic , they told me it was calorie free and somehow good for them , or at least less damaging than other drinks , because it is ' pure ' .
' It 's not like alco - pops - those have sugar in them and make you fat , ' they claimed .
One 15 - year - old girl told me : ' We usually buy it from corner shops - it 's more difficult to get it from supermarkets - or we nick it from our parents ' drinks cabinets .
They mostly do n't notice .
' But it 's really not hard to buy .
We do n't often even need fake ID because the small shops do n't always ask for any , and we look older anyway .
' It makes us feel strong , exciting and sexy .
Our parties are so full on that you have to arrive ready to really wow the boys . '
These girls are drinking neat vodka before they even get to a party because they are so nervous of how their appearance will be judged by their peers .
Impossibly glamorised and sexual images in magazines and pop videos have made them feel intimidated and unhappy .
And vodka is so cheap , accessible and alluring that they see it as a shortcut to the glamour , social and sexual success they crave .
That 's why nice , middle - class girls drink vodka .
To our shame , that 's why so many of them drink so much that they end up in hospital , or even the morgue .
Enlarge By Tim Dillon , USA TODAY
Beef containing harmful pesticides , veterinary antibiotics and heavy metals is being sold to the public because federal agencies have failed to set limits for the contaminants or adequately test for them , a federal audit finds .
SYMPTOMS TO WATCH FOR SYMPTOMS TO WATCH FOR Potential side effects of residues from veterinary drugs , pesticides , and heavy metals that might be found in meat : Drug or substance Potential side effects Flunixin Fecal blood , gastrointestinal ulcers and renal necrosis Penicillin Life - threatening allergic reaction ; nerve damage ; severe inflammation of the colon ; swelling of the lips , tongue or face ; bleeding ; diarrhea Arsenic Non-malignant skin lesions , skin malignancy , internal malignancies , vascular diseases and hypertension Copper Hemolysis , jaundice , changes in lipid profile , oxidative stress , renal dysfunction and death Ivermectin Poisoning of the nerves or nerve cells Source : U.S. Department of Agriculture Office of Inspector General WASHINGTON 
Beef containing harmful pesticides , veterinary antibiotics and heavy metals is being sold to the public because federal agencies have failed to set limits for the contaminants or adequately test for them , a federal audit finds .
A program set up to test beef for chemical residues " is not accomplishing its mission of monitoring the food supply for … dangerous substances , which has resulted in meat with these substances being distributed in commerce , " says the audit by the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Office of Inspector General .
The health effects on people who eat such meat are a " growing concern , " the audit adds .
The testing program for cattle is run by the USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service ( FSIS ) , which also tests meat for such pathogens as salmonella and certain dangerous strains of E. coli .
But the residue program relies on assistance from the Environmental Protection Agency , which sets tolerance levels for human exposure to pesticides and other pollutants , and the Food and Drug Administration , which does the same for antibiotics and other medicines .
DOCUMENTS : Read the audit report Limits have not been set by the EPA and FDA " for many potentially harmful substances , which can impair FSIS ' enforcement activities , " the audit found .
The FSIS said in a written statement that the agency has agreed with the inspector general on " corrective actions " and will work with the FDA and EPA " to prevent residues or contaminants from entering into commerce . "
Even when the inspection service does identify a lot of beef with high levels of pesticide or antibiotics , it often is powerless to stop the distribution of that meat because there is no legal limit for those contaminants .
In 2008 , for example , Mexican authorities rejected a U.S. beef shipment because its copper levels exceeded Mexican standards , the audit says .
But because there is no U.S. limit , the FSIS had no grounds for blocking the beef 's producer from reselling the rejected meat in the United States .
" It 's unacceptable .
These are substances that can have a real impact on public health , " says Tony Corbo , a lobbyist for Food and Water Watch , a public interest group .
" This administration is making a big deal about promoting exports , and you have Mexico rejecting our beef because of excessive residue levels .
It 's pretty embarrassing . "
Some contamination is inadvertent , such as pesticide residues in cows that drink water fouled by crop runoff .
Other contaminants , such as antibiotics , often are linked to the use of those chemicals in farming .
For example , the audit says , veal calves often have higher levels of antibiotic residue because ranchers feed them milk from cows treated with the drugs .
Overuse of the antibiotics help create antibiotic - resistant strains of diseases .
" Beef farmers and ranchers pride themselves on producing a safe and wholesome product , and anything less is unacceptable , " says Meghan Pusey , a spokeswoman for the National Cattlemen 's Beef Association .
" We remain committed to working with industry and government partners to eliminate rare safety incidences from a meat supply that is extraordinarily safe by any nation 's standards . "
Others say legislative action is needed , especially to curb problems with antibiotic residues .
The audit " shows clearly the need for quick action by Congress to place some reasonable limits on the use of antibiotics in farm animals , " says Rep. Louise Slaughter , D - N.Y. , who has more than 100 co-sponsors on her bill to ban seven types of antibiotics from being used indiscriminately in animal feed .
" If we do n't remedy this problem , who knows what kind of havoc these residues will have on our bodies . "
Read the audit report Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The mourners also will recall the enormous loss of life and suffering — " the bloodbath " which , again , conventional wisdom has tried to deny — that followed Saigon 's fall .
Thousands died in " the Vietnamese gulag , " communist " re-education camps " where Prime Minister Pham Van Dong publicly admitted that more than 1 million people had been imprisoned .
Few but the Vietnamese remember that in addition to the 255,000 boat people who reached the shelter of the miserable refugee camps , thousands drowned at sea , often refused entry by neighboring countries .
That is not in any way to minimize the enormous loss of life and the sacrifice of Americans in what was a noble if tragic struggle .
But it is an effort to retell the whole story of " Vietnam " for fellow Americans , particularly younger generations who have grown up amid a vast media and pseudo - scholarly distortion of facts .
The remembrance also glories in the thousands of young Vietnamese now serving with distinction in the U.S. armed forces .
Unfortunately , in Vietnam itself , the oppression continues unabated .
The communist regime persecutes religious and ethnic minorities , and in its own ham - handed way , attempts to stamp out political dissent .
An endlessly feuding politburo guides the one - party state — so enmeshed in petty personal rivalries and ideological confusion that it publicly arrested the Communist Party official newspaper editor after he wrote an anti-Chinese editorial .
And , since 1995 , when Sens. John McCain of Arizona and John Kerry of Massachusetts — both veterans of the war — pushed for U.S. diplomatic recognition without quid pro quos , official Washington has obfuscated the true nature of the regime .
U.S. policy has naively and ignominiously sought favor with Hanoi through economic and trade concessions in a fruitless effort to promote political liberalization .
Although Vietnam 's economic team long ago adopted " the Chinese model , " tattered Soviet - style central planning , incompetence and unbridled corruption have led to shortages , inflation and rising debt .
Nevertheless , the indomitable Vietnamese entrepreneur , with his traditional thirst for education that finds an echo in the success of America 's Vietnamese immigrant communities , has produced a growing gross national product for a youthful population nearing 90 million .
Ironically , remittances from the American emigres to unfortunate relatives left behind has been the most powerful economic prop for the regime , totaling as much as $ 8 billion in 2008 .
That compares with $ 5 billion annually in aid from the multilateral agencies and bilateral aid programs .
These remittances contribute 5 percent of the GDP , adding to the money sent home by a half - million workers abroad and spending by another 400,000 ethnic Vietnamese tourists annually .
Capital from the American emigres , often arriving via the black market , funds small entrepreneurs who make Greater Ho Chi Minh City - Saigon the country 's overwhelming economic hub , the cash cow for Hanoi 's kleptocrats .
The U.S. remains Vietnam 's largest official investor as well , with some $ 1 billion in registered capital .
More foreign investment would come were it not for the tangle of kickbacks and intrigues between the central Hanoi government and regional party bosses .
Trying to counteract the effects of the worldwide credit crunch and recession , the communist planners in 2009 threw more than $ 1 billion — over 1 percent of GDP — at the currency .
But while credit expanded by nearly 40 percent , the price of dollars soared despite two massive devaluations .
Exporters , struggling with the high - priced dollar , have difficulty financing dollar imports of raw materials and components in the battle against their heavily subsidized Chinese competitors .
And foreign exchange outflows are draining reserves .
The business community is bracing for another round of inflation , probably even greater than the crisis year of 2008 .
The struggles of daily life , especially among the unemployed youths for whom both the French and American wars are a distant past , ignore the continued preoccupation with " Vietnam " in the United States .
Hollywood 's Vietnam War movies , for example , despite the widespread appeal of American popular culture , have elicited little interest .
Much more important now , the Vietnamese look over their shoulder at their neighbor and traditional enemy , China .
Despite border agreements following the short but bitter war in 1979 in which Hanoi bloodied Beijing 's nose , disputes continue over islands in the South China Sea .
And a flood of clandestine Chinese imports have wiped out many of Vietnam 's cottage industries in the north .
Bloggers on both sides keep up a steady chauvinist debate over old issues .
And everyone waits for some new and spectacular development that will end the current malaise .
Sol W. Sanders , ( solsanders@cox.net ) , writes the ' Follow the Money ' column for The Washington Times on the convergence of international politics , business and economics .
He is also a contributing editor for WorldTribune.com and EAST - ASIA -INTEL.com .
An Asian specialist with more than 25 years in the region , Mr. Sanders is a former correspondent for Business Week , U.S. News & World Report and United Press International .
> COMMENT LETTER TO THE EDITOR
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The audience at the Southern Republican Leadership Conference is said to have gone wild with applause when Liz Cheney announced the decision of Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu not to attend next week ’s nuclear summit , called by President Barack Obama .
A person gets a little tired of pointing to the hypocrisy of the American right wing , which would have been up in arms if Democrats had sided with a foreign head of state against the American president , and , indeed , would have charged treason .
The thing to remember is that to right wingers , only Republican presidents are really presidents .
Democratic Presidents are always coded as usurpers .
The politically immature are like 5 year olds who pick up their marbles and go home when they are n’t winning .
Netanyahu ’s staff said he decided not to come because reports had reached the prime minister that Arab states attending the summit would attempt to “ embarrass ” Israel over its defiance of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and its construction hundreds of nuclear warheads .
Instead , deputy PM Dan Meridor will attend .
Israel ’s nuclear arsenal was a primary impetus to the Iraqi nuclear research program in the 1980s , which in turn alarmed Iran and sparked Tehran ’s interest in acquiring at least the knowledge of how to enrich uranium .
That is , Israel ( and its enablers , France and Britain ) kicked off the present nuclear crisis in the region , and Arab and Muslim states in attendance would be unlikely to allow Netanyahu to forget it .
Netanyahu ’s government recently humiliated Vice President Joe Biden when he was on a state visit to that country recently by announcing the building of 1600 new household units on Palestinian West Bank territory that Israel had unilaterally annexed to its district of Jerusalem .
The announcement scuttled the talks with the Palestine Authority , the beginning of which Biden had come to celebrate .
The Palestinians , have sensibly decided that they will refuse to negotiate with people who are actively stealing from them the very territory that is at stake in the negotiations .
The Israeli slap in the face to Biden caused a subsequent Netanyahu visit to Washington to turn into a fiasco , with President Obama making forceful demands on the wily Netanyahu , and then leaving him on his own devices for dinner .
Thus , some observers believe that Netanyahu is playing hooky largely to avoid more pressure to take steps to restart peace negotiations .
There are even rumors that Washington might put forward its own peace plan and then attempt to twist the arms of the Israelis and Palestinians to agree to it , and some observers suspect that Netanyahu was trying to avoid being cornered in that way .
But there is another possible explanation for Netanyahu staying away from a summit on nuclear security issues in Washington .
It is that the Israeli prime minister is protesting a new White House policy of refusing visas to Israeli scientists , engineers and technicians who work at the Dimona Reactor / nuclear bomb factory .
Up until recently they had been free to attend technical and scientific conferences and pursue advanced classes at US universities .
The visa denials were reported in the Israeli newspaper Maariv by Uri Binder on Wednesday April 7 : “ Nuclear Reactor Workers Not Wanted in United States . ”
It was translated by the USG Open Source Center .
The article reports that Israeli workers at the Nuclear Research Center Negev ( NRCN ) in Dimona are complaining bitterly at the humiliation of being excluded from the US , saying the turn - downs are an “ offense ” against them “ and their families . ” (???)
Moreover , the Dimona bomb plant is suddenly finding it difficult to import technical components and equipment from the United States .
The restrictions , they say , are unprecedented .
They also claim a double standard , alleging that the Obama administration is being “ lenient ” toward Iran .
In fact , Iran is a signatory of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , is at the moment largely in compliance with it , has no nuclear arsenal , and does not even have a nuclear weapons program .
( The treaty allows countries to enrich uranium for fuel , which is all that Iran is known to be doing ) .
Yet the US has an extensive regime of economic sanctions on Iran , along with UN Security Council sanctions , both of which Obama is attempting to ratchet up .
In contrast , Israel is actively constructing more and more nuclear warheads , which it is stockpiling , and which its leaders occasionally brandish at other Middle Eastern states .
The Israeli arsenal , in turn , spurs a Middle East arms race .
Obama has just signed a new START treaty with Russia in Prague aiming to reduce the nuclear arsenals of each country by a third , to 1550 .
Obama appears to believe that by taking such a step , he can shore up the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , whereby signatories pledge not to develop nuclear weapons .
He will have more moral authority to go to the UNSC and ask for more severe sanctions against Iran .
Obama ’s attempt to reduce warhead stockpiles in the US ( he will need the Senate ’s ratification of the treaty ) has been met with a campaign of ridicule and misinformation among Republican politicians and their television channel , Fox Cable “ News . ”
As usual in these matter , Jon Stewart at the Daily Show presents the best take - down of completely false RNC talking points :
( Note that the usually perspicacious Jon Stewart gets one fact wrong – Iran is a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , and is nowadays largely in conformity with it . )
In fact , nuclear warheads are extremely dangerous to all of us , and the fewer there are in the world , the better .
How many do you really need for deterrence ?
Pakistan ’s 14 little bombs are alleged to have deterred an Indian attack on that country in the summer of 2002 .
If only one of the 14 was dropped on Delhi , after all , the devastation would have been enormous .
With the big nuclear powers , the size of the arsenal itself should be a form of deterrence .
It is not impossible that an extensive nuclear exchange could blow away the ozone layer , which keeps us from being sunburned to death .
It could throw up so much dust into the atmosphere that two years of night would ensue , which would kill all life on earth ( i.e. , the dreaded ‘ nuclear winter . ’)
As Stewart noted , Ronald Reagan ’s own negotiations with the Soviet Union aimed at reducing warheads by a third , in his own day .
Obama appears to have a nuclear strategy that deploys arsenal reduction among the great powers as a platform on which to pursue non-proliferation and perhaps even the roll - back of some existing nuclear stockpiles .
As with Israel ’s stubborn insistence on continuing to steal Palestinian land and to blockade the Gazans– which ensures continued violence– so its rogue nuclear operation is ultimately a threat to the international security of the United States .
The Israeli scientists at Dimona have it backwards .
It is they who are providing a justification to Iran and giving it a motivation to close the fuel cycle and have at least nuclear latency or the ‘ Japan option , ’ as a way of countering Israel ’s policy in the region .
End / ( Not Continued )
The motion , part of an ongoing case alleging unauthorized webcam spying on the student by the school , accuses the IT department at the school of snapping images of various members of Robbins ' family , including pictures of the boy partially undressed and sleeping .
Numerous screenshots of private instant messenger communication between Blake and his friends were also harvested , according to the filing .
The motion also alleges that the IT department has poached some images , making it difficult to retrieve them for legal purposes .
" Discovery to date has now revealed that thousands of webcam pictures and screenshots have been taken of numerous other students in their homes , many of which never reported their laptops lost or missing , " the motion said .
Incidents allegedly included a student with a similar name to another reporting a laptop missing , causing webcam pictures and screenshots to be taken off the wrong individual .
The lawsuit also documents the plaintiffs ' suspicion that one Lower Merion School District employee may have been downloading pictures obtained by the LANRev monitoring technology to a home computer , based on invocation of the Fifth Amendment when asked about the subject .
" Second , emails suggest that [ employee ] may be a voyeur , " said the filing .
" For instance , in one email , when one IT person commented on how the viewing of the webcam pictures and screenshots from a student 's computer was like ' a little LMSD soap opera ' , [ employee ] responded ' I know , I love it !'. "
The plaintiffs pressed the court to let them obtain access to the employee 's computer in order to image the hard drive .
In a response filed the following day , the Lower Merion School District argued that it was not appropriate for anyone other than the investigators to dictate the timing of the investigation and the release of complete findings .
" A substantial number of webcam photos have been recovered in the investigation , " it said , explaining that it had proposed a process to the judge to notify the families involved and give them the opportunity to view such photographs .
" While we deeply regret the mistakes and misguided actions that have led us to this situation , at this late stage of the investigation we are not aware of any evidence that district employees used any LANRev WebCam photographs of screenshots for such inappropriate purposes , " added David Ebby , president of the school district 's board of school directors .
Katalon takes the need for learning to program or even the complicated setup of all the tools needed to run a test script and throws it all in a one - stop shop that can be picked up by anyone of any technical skill level in short order to create automation .
Ever since Spirit Airlines Inc. announced this month that it would add a fee of up to $ 45 per carry - on bag , the airline ’s chief executive , Ben Baldanza , has been trying to quell the resulting outrage .
He went so far as to cram himself into an overhead compartment to argue that with fewer carry - on bags , the boarding process would move faster and the overhead bins would be less cluttered .
The result , he said in the video of his stunt : “ Everybody wins . ”
It did n’t work .
Seven U.S. senators have backed proposed legislation concerning the Florida - based airline ’s carry - on fee .
Advertisement
“ We are going from the sublime to the ridiculous with airlines , ” Sen . Frank R. Lautenberg ( D - N.J. ) said at a news conference last week in Washington .
Sen. Charles E. Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) called the fee a “ slap in the face to travelers . ”
Sen. Jeanne Shaheen ( D - N.H. ) called it “ skyway robbery . ”
The lawmakers hope to put the kibosh on the fee by imposing a tax on all airline revenue collected from such charges .
Baldanza says the senators and most of the media are looking at the fees the wrong way .
He noted that passengers can bring a carry - on bag for free as long as it fits under the seat .
Anything bigger will cost $ 45 , reduced to $ 30 if paid online .
The fee takes effect Aug . 1 .
Advertisement
George Hobica , founder of the travel tip website Airfarewatchdog.com , thinks Spirit might have added the fee not to make money but to solve the industrywide problem of overstuffed overhead bins .
On Sunday , five of the nation ’s largest airlines -- American Airlines , Delta Air Lines , United Airlines , US Airways and JetBlue Airways -- promised not to add a carry - on bag fee .
For now , anyway .
Teaching phones to smell danger
Today ’s cellphones have the technology to take photos , record videos , check stocks and play games .
Advertisement
Now the Department of Homeland Security is teaming up with high - tech firms to develop a cellphone that could also thwart terrorist attacks .
The department ’s science and technology arm is spearheading a plan to give cellphones the ability to sniff out dangerous chemicals .
If successful , the phones could help detect chemical attacks at airports , train stations and subway stops , the agency said .
In 2007 , the department called on companies to develop the danger - sensing technology .
Now it ’s pushing ahead , working with wireless technology developer Qualcomm Inc. , camera lens specialist Rhevision Technology Inc. and NASA .
As they are envisioned , these cellphones would sound an alarm if they sensed a noxious gas such as chlorine .
Advertisement
But if the phone detected something more deadly , such as sarin gas , it could send a message directly to authorities , using GPS technology to pinpoint the location of the gas .
If the idea works , every person armed with a cellphone could become a sentry against terrorist attacks .
Nearly 90 % of the U.S. population owns a cellphone .
That ’s about 277 million phones sniffing the air for trouble .
Good news for depressed pilots
Advertisement
Pilots who take antidepressants used to be banned from flying planes altogether .
But Federal Aviation Administration rules that took effect this month allow pilots to fly if they have been satisfactorily treated with selected drugs for at least 12 months .
FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt announced the new policy , saying , “ we need to change the culture and remove the stigma associated with depression . ”
The agency had established the ban for fear the drugs would make pilots drowsy .
Some studies say 10 % of all adults in the U.S. are taking antidepressants .
Advertisement
If that holds true for pilots , it would mean that about 5,300 of them are on the medications .
The FAA said that for the next six months , pilots who have been taking antidepressants against regulation will not be penalized if they apply for the new waiver .
hugo.martin@latimes.com
Although the human genome is 99 percent the same from human to human , it is that 1 percent that can have a major impact on our response to diseases , viruses , medications , and toxins .
If researchers can uncover the minute genetic details that set each of us apart , biomedical research and treatments can be better customized for each individual .
Ancestry sleuths be forewarned :
While researching your family 's past can bring rewards , it might also stir up problems in the present .
Uncovering the roots of your family tree can reveal secrets that might cause conflict and widen rifts between your living family members , a new study finds .
The results show that of 224 people who gave details of their experience researching family history , around 30 mentioned conflicts .
The main bad vibes were caused by : uncovering unwelcome information ; wanting information from relatives who did n't wish to give it ; giving relatives inaccurate information ; spending more time researching than with loved ones ; and coming into contact with hostile relatives .
The findings come amidst a boon in online ancestry research , unparalleled public access to historical records , and a flood of celebrity genealogy stories , such as those shown on the TV show " Who Do You Think You Are ? " said Anne- Marie Kramer , of the University of Warwick , who conducted the study .
" But in investigating their family history , researchers could open up a Pandora 's Box of secrets and skeletons , such as finding there are family issues around paternity , illegitimacy or marriage close to birth of children , criminality , health and mental health and previously unknown humble origins , " she said .
Kramer presented her work April 9 at the British Sociological Association 's annual conference in Glasgow , Scotland .
The plus side
Kramer analyzed responses to questions about family history research put to people taking part in the Mass Observation Project , based at the University of Sussex , in which people volunteer to write about their lives .
Of the replies , 140 were from women and 83 from men ( and one gender unknown ) , ages 16 to 95 and who lived across the United Kingdom .
The participants were either researching their family history or had a relative who was carrying out research .
In most cases people wrote positively about their experience .
They enjoyed making discoveries , investigating family myths and mysteries , and bringing their ancestors to life in a sense by finding details of their lives .
In some cases , the research could help mend rifts in families .
One 56 - year - old woman wrote : " It 's great to be able to pass on memories of family members no longer with us , and to learn more about the life they would have had .
I think it helps you to feel connected – and also to do honor to people who are no longer with us . "
Accounts of annoyance
However , not all experiences were entirely positive .
Some participants expressed frustration with ancestry " detectives " forgetting the living .
A 31 - year - old man wrote : " It is something of an annoyance to my mother that her own sister can travel to [ places abroad ] to speak to a distant cousin she never knew existed but cannot get on a train to come and see her own sister as it is deemed too far .
Such is family life : spoonfuls of love but bubbling beneath lots of grudges , bruised feelings and massive chips on shoulders . "
Others stumbled upon unwelcomed information .
One 70 - year - old woman wrote : " The fact that my grandmother was pregnant when she was married and that my parents were also in the same situation before I was born were matters that some felt were better not revealed .
For some this information was unwelcome and an elderly cousin accused me of uncovering secrets that were best left hidden . "
And some felt pestered by unsolicited requests from long lost relatives .
A 67 - year - old woman wrote : " About 40 years ago a male cousin on my mother 's side , whom I had never met , got in touch having been given my address by the cousin I 'm friendly with .
He was , it seems , compiling a family tree .
My cousin had given him details of myself and my three marriages and he wanted further details of my husbands and former husbands .
What cheek , I thought and how intrusive . "
Kramer said the growing popularity in ancestry research has been under - studied , and further work is needed to understand the role of family history in people 's everyday individual and family lives , as well as to figure out why they are so compelled to explore their family history .
" In the early days of his development , man realized that certain members of the animal kingdom could be made useful to him . "
So begins a rumination by architect Victor Gruen on the process of domestication and why we can't seem to domesticate the automobile .
When I was producing The Story of Sprawl , I became fascinated by the urban planning of the early 1960s .
Today , planners tend to believe the storyline that Americans fell into a sort of trance in the 1950s where the suburbs were idealized , and that we only woke from this dreamy slumber in the late 1990s to realize that we needed to start getting more urban .
The more I read from the early ' 60s , the more it seems the problems associated with sprawl were already apparent , and a handful of very intelligent commentators were already looking for solutions .
Jane Jacobs was n't a lone voice - Lewis Mumford , Christopher Tunnard , and architect Victor Gruen were all writing scathing commentary on the autocentric culture spreading across America .
This excerpt from Victor Gruen 's The Heart of Our Cities : The Urban Crisis : Diagnosis and Cure is a great example .
Anyone who regularly deals with land use will recognize the absurdity that Gruen illustrates .
Enjoy .
- Tim Halbur , Managing Editor
The Taming of the Motorcar
In the early days of his development , man realized that certain members of the animal kingdom could be made useful to him .
The horse , the cow , the dog and many birds were domesticated , and out of a dangerous , disturbing animal population were created some of the most useful helpers of human development , serving as transportation for people and goods and as suppliers of food .
Because automotive beings are man-made creations and not supplied by nature , it seems we have felt hesitant to apply similar methods .
And yet if two types of creature which constantly interfere with each other are to find a pattern of coexistence , something obviously has to give .
In respect to this , there are today two schools of thought .
The more powerful and prevailing one is that the problem of coexistence should be solved by taming and domesticating man .
It is felt that by training the members of the human population , but teaching them certain tricks , like walking at " green " and stopping at " red " , by putting them behind fences or chains along curbs , their spirit of individuality and independence can be broken so that they will be willing to submit to the regime of the automotive beings .
I have recently read the report of an International Conference of Traffic Engineers held in Salzburg , Austria , in August and September of 1962 ; in this convention of human animal trainers , a number of highly interesting methods for the taming and training of people were discussed and recommended .
It was suggested , for example , that people who want to cross the roaming ground of automobiles should wait behind turnstiles and queue up , and should them be allowed , only in small groups , to trickle across .
Others went further , and favored complete elimination of sidewalks -- which , they presumably hoped , would lead to the elimination of people .
There was quite general agreement that structures utilized by members of the human race would have to be cut down to a minimum in order to create sufficient lebensraum for members of the automotive race .
Wherever and whenever traffic experts meet , they take it upon themselves to devise plans for the redesigning of the human environment .
They have , in fact , to an astounding degree , become the dictators in all questions concerned with city planning .
To realize the abnormality of this situation , one need only try to visualize for a moment a convention of plumbers dictating to architects the entire construction industry how buildings should be designed , inside and out , in order to a ) increase the employment opportunities in the plumbing fixtures industry , and b ) facilitate their installation .
They would dictate that every room in every building must have a bathtub , water closet and three washstands -- otherwise unemployment in the appliance industry may result -- and that plumbing pipes of all types must no longer be forced into positions where they are hidden in walls and ceilings , but should be permitted to run any odd way , diagonally , vertically , or horizontally , through living rooms or offices .
This demand would be rationalized as the facilitation of water and sewage traffic , as demanded by our era of technology .
Every protest against these measures would them be ridiculed as reactionary -- or , worse , as " idealistic " -- and an attempt to turn the wheels of history backwards .
It is not hard to recognize , from this fictitious plumbing - convention story , that the traffic planners really do not behave too differently .
They , too , demand as gospel the proposition that more and more automobiles should be manufactured , as otherwise the automotive appliance industry might be underemployed , and they most definitely insist that their plumbing pipes crisscross the public living rooms and working rooms of our cities .
Anybody who opposes their views is characterized as either " an ivory tower planner , " " a reactionary out of step with the miracles of technology , " or an outright imbecile .
I am perfectly willing to risk the attacks of the traffic planners when I insist that the solution to coexistence of the human and automotive population does not lie in the taming and training of people , but in the taming of the motorcar .
I am not in favor of the destruction of automobiles , not even necessarily of the diminution of the automobile population ; but I am most definitely in favor of domesticating it , and making it useful to the human race , just as we did with the horse and the cow and with various types of poultry .
Victor Gruen ( 1903 - 1980 ) was a noted Viennese architect who became known as " the father of the shopping center " for his design of Southdale Mall , the first enclosed shopping center , in 1954 .
He decried the mall culture that followed , saying that his ideas had been bastardized .
The Heart of Our Cities : The Urban Crisis : Diagnosis and Cure by Victor Gruen is out of print , but you can sometimes find copies at Amazon .
I know Game Battle is n't for a couple days , but killing Goombas with Mega Man 's Mega Buster is such a satisfying experience , I had to share .
Did Picasso consider a second stab at Guernica ?
Could Beckett have come up with Waiting for Godot ( Again ) ?
How exactly do you make a sequel to your own masterpiece ?
It would appear that David Lynch may be about to find out – various observers ( me included ) have lately been driven into fervour by rumours that Lynch is in the early stages of preparing a Part Two to Mulholland Drive .
" I 'm very sure it 's coming , it 's being born – I cannot really tell you how I know , " the original 's co-lead Laura Harring was quoted as saying this week , an aptly cryptic disclosure , but one that actually seems pretty solid at its centre .
Implausible , enticing , more than a little alarming – it's all of that in spades .
Because what we had in Mullholland Drive was the most singular film - maker of the last quarter century – and then some – concocting what certainly felt like his definitive moment .
It was a movie that reminded you with dizzying force of what cinema could be : mesmeric , beautiful and unhinged , a sustained starburst of brilliance at once descended from the Tinseltown golden age of Sunset Boulevard and Vertigo , and utterly of itself .
And I will confess a special interest here – because , what the hell , if it 's even possible to reduce the field down to a single contender , then I 'd gladly say it 's my favourite film .
And yet for all that , the one thing I 've never wanted was more of it .
I 've watched it from start to finish maybe 10 times and seen different things on each occasion , but part of the film 's allure is that for such a madly serpentine ride , it ends on what feels like a perfect note of resolution .
The idea of Lynch now nipping back to pull at a dangling thread unnerves me as much as it excites me , as does the thought of which particular thread it could be .
The ongoing confabs between Justin Theroux 's hotshot young director and the Cowboy ?
Another night at Club Silencio ?
More episodes from behind the Winkies ?
But then maybe it makes perfect sense .
After all , the project initially started out as a TV show , a genesis that would suggest any number of unpursued fancies having lodged in Lynch 's imagination .
And that aside , it 's possible to see his whole career as littered with sequels of one kind or another .
What was Twin Peaks if not a followup to the earlier Blue Velvet , the inquisitive Jeffrey Beaumont stepping out of other people 's wardrobes and grown up into Agent Cooper , just as Dennis Hopper 's demonic gas - huffer Frank found himself reborn as the lurking Bob ?
The trick was that in revisiting his own ideas , what Lynch created was less a repetition than expansion – the same archetypes in a similar northwest Pacific location , but the results now broader , deeper , allowed to roam off in countless different directions at once .
And then , of course , came an actual sequel – the big- screen Fire Walk With Me , chronologically taking place before the series but brought into being after its cancellation , with Lynch eager to simply revive his love affair with the characters , a dynamic you suspect may now be at work once more .
Tonally , the much - reviled darkness that resulted was then re-employed in the goth - noir shenanigans of Lost Highway , by which point Lynch 's critical stock had never been lower .
And yet that same supposed train - wreck acted as a preface to his finest two and a half hours – as the highway became the Drive , with the role of jealousy - addled lover transferred from Bill Pullman to Naomi Watts , that of the object of all that savage desire from Patricia Arquette to Laura Harring .
Of course , the other thing to chew on here is the idea that Lynch has already made one sequel to Mulholland Drive , and that was Inland Empire – another giddy headtrip built around another ill - fated movie - within - a - movie .
But really , notwithstanding Harring 's cameo in the closing credits , Lynch 's last project was simply too much off on its own orbit for that .
Rather it was , as the New York Times ' Manohla Dargis put it , more the " evil twin " of its predecessor , and if a sequel to anything it was probably ( for its sheer avant garde spunk ) Eraserhead .
All of which is to say that , if anyone on earth could pull this one off , it 's Lynch himself .
The rest , for now , is guesswork .
" There are times when you want to meet the person you 're playing .
With Kevorkian , I just enveloped myself in the research .
I see him as a doctor who cared for his patients .
A sort - of 1960s revolutionary . "
He was told that the question , posed through an intermediary , had come from Osama bin Laden :
Will you be my bodyguard ?
The man being asked was Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani , a Tanzanian who had been training in Qaeda camps in Afghanistan , and who had come to the attention of the Qaeda leader , according to a newly disclosed F.B.I. document .
Mr. Ghailani did not immediately say yes , the document shows .
He said he would have to check with “ the brothers at the training camp . ”
When he had not yet responded two weeks later , he was asked again .
This time , Mr. Ghailani said that he “ did not have a good reason not to join them , and thus he became a bodyguard ” for Mr. bin Laden , according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation ’s account .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
You left him alone in the car this entire time ?!
Did you at least remember to crack a window ?
You monster !
When the whole Conan v. Leno clusterfuck went down , I took it as a sudden reminder that Conan was funny , eloquent , humble and had gracefully stumbled into his success ; he did n't abuse or rape anybody to get there , unlike Leno ( Did you know Jay Leno was a convicted rapist ?
You do now ! ) .
So we suddenly remembered Conan , and we came flocking back to his show ... just in time to watch it go down in flames .
Now , that 's not to knock the show or the man :
Of all the things that have gone down in flames , Conan 's Tonight Show was easily the third funniest ( just behind the West Elmhurst Clown College and the homes of my childhood rivals ) but down it went , regardless .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" Hahahaha ... aahahahahahaha !
Who kicks the soccer ball like a queer now , Tommy Wiseman ? "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Now the deal 's just been announced that he 's moving to TBS .
Admittedly , this is a new era and cable is a much more legitimate venue than it has been in the past ... but that 's like saying that the Filthy Lucre - - the finest unshaven bottom - nude Gentlemen 's Club and All - You - Can-Eat Shrimp Buffet this side of the overpass -- has really gained in respectability since they passed that Jacket 's Required policy :
It is on the path to respectability , sure , but until everybody puts on some pants , it 's not a place to bring your parents .
Still not convinced this is still a shameful step downward ?
OK , consider this :
The move means he 'll now be opening for George Lopez .
If this image does n't instantly fill you with disgust and rage , check your driver 's license :
You might be George Lopez .
Conan has the better 11 PM EST time slot , but he 's still being immediately followed by George " I Could n't Make Racial Humor Funny If You Duct Taped Me to Chris Rock " Lopez .
The last things to be followed by George Lopez were commercials for Chinese Juice Tiger knock - offs , and the several dozen women he just raped .
Conan O'Brien 's last job was hosting the Tonight Show .
That 's Johnny Fucking Carson 's Tonight Show .
Now , seconds after his program finishes wrapping , you 're going to see the face of George Lopez .
As if they were goddamn equals !
Look at this quote from TBS executives about the change : " Steve Koonin , president of Turner Entertainment Networks ... pitched Lopez on the idea that both he and O'Brien are in their 40s ( O' Brien turns 47 on Sunday ) and appeal to a young demographic , while Leno and David Letterman are older and play to an older crowd .
George saw the vision [ and ] picked up the phone to speak with O'Brien immediately .
With his own show just months old ( it began in November ) , Lopez agreed to have ' Lopez Tonight ' pushed back an hour . "
The implication here being that Lopez is graciously doing O'Brien a favor by allowing his show to be pushed back because hey , they 're both in their 40s , gotta show some solidarity , right ?
Give the little red-headed boy with abandonment issues a break !
WASHINGTON —
The federal government took its first formal step to regulate global warming pollution on Thursday by issuing final rules for greenhouse gas emissions for automobiles and light trucks .
The move ends a 30 - year battle between regulators and automakers but sets the stage for what may be a bigger fight over climate - altering emissions from stationary sources like power plants , steel mills and refineries .
The new tailpipe rules , jointly written by the Transportation Department and the Environmental Protection Agency , set emissions and mileage standards that would translate to a combined fuel economy average for new vehicles of 35.5 miles per gallon by 2016 .
Most drivers will see lower mileage figures in actual driving .
The rules are expected to cut emissions of carbon dioxide and other heat - trapping gases about 30 percent from 2012 to 2016 .
Would you believe that Acer is working on a frameless laptop with touchscreen keyboard ?
As far - fetched as the idea might be , it 's certainly plausible , expected even .
The idea , as rumored by , involves doing away with the display 's frame by printing colors directly onto the back of the display 's reinforced glass substrate from Corning ( a la Gorilla Glass presumably ) .
Coupled with a touchscreen keyboard , the rumored device should be impossibly thin by traditional laptop comparisons .
Keep in mind that we 've already seen this Frame Zero concept pictured above from Fujitsu and Acer 's arch - rival ASUS has been showing off its dual - display laptop prototype with touchscreen keyboard for months .
Even the OLPC XO - 3 plans to eschew the clickity keyboard in favor of a touchscreen version .
And anyone who has ever seen a scifi movie knows that tactile keyboards and display bezels have no role to play in our computing future anyway , so we might as well get things started now -- or in the second half of 2010 according to ' sources .
Dylan Ratigan , joined by the inimitable Alan Grayson and Bill Fleckenstein , does one of the best comprehensive summations of the where we are , how we got here , and why those responsible for the upcoming US default are still doing exactly what they were doing , through the enabling of the Federal Reserve .
The logical question arises : when will someone finally do something about the situation the US is in right now ?
At this point pretty much everyone understands how the con works ( and if you do n't , watch this clip ) .
Why do we allow a handful of corrupt politicians and a select few of Fed members unaccountable to anyone , coupled with a small group of Wall Street CEO , to determine the fate of this nation , and how long will democracy be trampled by those very people who claim to represent nothing but the people 's interests ?
Watch this clip .
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
As a baseball fan , it 's fun to play manager .
We always think we 're a little smarter , or we at least could improve upon a certain aspect of our favorite team 's management .
Bunting , stealing a base , use of the bullpen , use of platoons .
We argue about it all .
But one of the most basic management strategies is also the most hotly contested .
The Lineup Card .
Everyone has an opinion .
The manager is almost always wrong .
The season has n't even started , and we 're already debating lineups .
Milwaukee Brewers manager Ken Macha admitted to toying with the idea of batting the pitcher eighth this year , moving speedy rookie Alcides Escobar to the nine hole .
Well , this actually is n't the first time a manager has considered such a strategy .
St. Louis Cardinals manager Tony LaRussa often uses it ( he abandoned it last season ) .
LaRussa , though , was n't the first .
And it 's not the first time Brewer fans have dealt with this issue either .
Former manager Ned Yost also employed it from time to time .
I admit , I thought it was idiotic when Yost did it .
But I generally doubted Yost 's baseball acumen in general , so it just seemed to me like he was trying to look smart without having any supporting evidence to do it .
When Macha discussed it , I may have had a slightly different reaction .
The first was , " Eh ? " But I at least heard him out .
When Yost did it , he batted Jason Kendall ninth as his " second lead - off hitter . "
With Macha , it 's Escobar .
Immediately , the argument seems to be much stronger this time around .
Baseball has traditions , and the lineup is one of them .
We 've come to expect the following in a National League lineup : 1 ) Fastest player2 )
Slap hitter who controls the bat well , bunts , probably does n't hit for much power3 ) Team 's best hitter4 )
Team 's most dangerous power hitter5 )
Next most dangerous power hitter , provides protection for clean - up hitter6 )
Next best power hitter7 )
Next best hitter8 )
Team 's worst non-pitching hitter9 )
PitcherThis is the way it is , and the way it 's seemingly always been .
There are defined roles in the lineup , and some rather poor players have made a career out of satisfying one of these roles .
Yet , the dirty little secret in baseball is that the lineup means less than any of us wants to admit .
Studies by Cyril Morong of BeyondTheBoxscore , Ken Arneson of CatFishStew and Ryan Armbrust of ThePastime have all provided some support for questioning the generally accepted lineup strategies .
It 's largely over my head , in some cases , so I encourage you to read it for yourself so I do n't do it a disservice by attempting to explain the work .
BaseballMusings gets credit for bringing it all together and creating a nifty little lineup tool .
Based on On Base Percentage and Slugging Percentage , the tool generates the lineups that will result in the most and least possible runs scored .
Here is an example , based on the Milwaukee Brewers ' 2010 projected roster .
As you can see , they speculate that the Brewers would score the most possible runs with Prince Fielder hitting lead - off and Ryan Braun hitting second .
Additionally , Yovani Gallardo ( or whatever pitcher would throw on that day ) would hit eighth with Alcides Escobar hitting ninth .
Not surprisingly , the line - up that would result in the least runs has the pitcher batting first .
Now , forget for a moment that it looks funny having big Prince Fielder bat lead - off .
Throw out the traditions of baseball for a moment .
Have an open mind .
It makes sense .
It makes sense because you want your best hitters to get as many at bats as possible throughout the game .
That would give you , one would expect , the best possible chance to win .
It makes sense that Escobar would hit ninth instead of eighth since it would make it more likely that a runner would be on when Fielder and Braun come to the plate after the first inning .
This may be true , but in the first inning only .
Over the course of the season , however , if you are giving your two best hitters more plate appearances , should n't that result in more home runs ?
More runs ?
It 's also interesting that Carlos Gomez , who some may see as a prototypical lead - off or number two hitter due to his blazing speed , is often listed second in the lineup as part of the " Worst Lineups " list .
Gomez is often sixth or seventh in the " Best Lineups " list , which would be atypical .
You 'd never see a no-power hitter like Gomez hit sixth .
But in these cases , it appears the intent is to hide your worst hitters ( Gomez and Hart ) in the six and seven holes before the pitcher .
Whether you think this is a crazy lineup or not , possibly the most interesting part of this study is the difference between the highest ( 5.295 runs ) and lowest ( 4.613 ) scoring lineups .
In other words , the worst thing you could possibly do with your lineup is cost your team about .7 runs per game .
And that 's by hitting the pitcher lead - off .
Now , this is based entirely on statistics , and I 'd argue that it misses some important factors .
For example , speed is never a consideration .
It 's based entirely on OBP and SLG .
However , if you have two players with similar OBP , would n't you rather have the one with better speed on base in front of a good hitter ?
He would have a better chance to score from first on a double or from second on a single .
That said , I still appreciate the study .
It makes us question conventional wisdom .
That 's always a good thing .
And it provides some statistical evidence that batting the pitcher eighth is n't all that crazy .
And more than anything , it makes me question these set roles we 've come to expect .
Particularly when you have players like Ryan Braun and Prince Fielder , who hit home runs and extra base hits at a high rate , speed in front of them is of little use .
Base runners will not ( or should not ) regularly attempt stolen bases with Braun and Fielder up or coming to the plate .
In the end , what should a Brewer fan want more than anything else when Braun or Fielder are up ?
It really should be an easy answer .
You want base runners .
And whether that means batting them early in the lineup and a non-pitcher ninth or it means simply loading the top of the lineup with high OBP hitters , you accomplish that .
Instead , I 've seen many asking for Escobar to lead off and Corey Hart to bat second .
Why ?
Because Escobar is the fastest and Hart also has speed .
Would this really accomplish more runs than putting two players at the top of the order who reach base most often ?
Maybe Prince Fielder should n't hit lead - off .
Maybe he should .
But baseball , though it is great partly because of its history and traditions , also fails to progress because of them .
It is n't blasphemous to question the way things have always been done .
Innovation is n't a dirty word .
In all likelihood , we wo n't notice any difference no matter what lineup Macha writes up .
But he 's bound to be criticized the first time the pitcher , batting eighth , comes up to bat in a crucial situation with two outs .
And it 's unlikely he 'll get any credit when , over the course of the season , the Brewers score a couple of runs more .
In the end , that 's all it 's going to be .
Teams are n't going to hit the pitcher first , second , third , or anything other than eighth or ninth .
So in the end , the difference in lineups for a single game is close to nothing , completely unnoticeable .
So while we should n't expect Fielder to bat lead - off , it is n't going to make much of a difference where he hits .
But I guess if it were obvious who needed to bat where , we'd have nothing to argue about .
And that , after all , is part of the fun of being a baseball fan .
888 poker : Best real money site for new players and beginners with a small bankroll .
Best real money site for new players and beginners with a small bankroll .
PokerStars : Biggest poker site with the largest selection of poker games and low buy - in tournaments .
Biggest poker site with the largest selection of poker games and low buy - in tournaments .
Tiger Gaming :
For experienced players and pros seeking the best real money poker bonus .
For experienced players and pros seeking the best real money poker bonus .
GGPoker : Fastest - growing poker network with great software and strong cash bonuses .
Fastest - growing poker network with great software and strong cash bonuses .
PartyPoker :
Has the best rakeback offers for grinders and decent tournament fields .
Has the best rakeback offers for grinders and decent tournament fields .
Bet - at - home Poker : Home of some big sign - up bonus offers and weakest competition online .
Home of some big sign - up bonus offers and weakest competition online .
Ladbrokes Poker : Britain 's most popular poker site and largest online sportsbook .
Britain 's most popular poker site and largest online sportsbook .
Betfair Poker : Ranks among the best sites for real money poker grinders with a good VIP club .
Ranks among the best sites for real money poker grinders with a good VIP club .
Greysnow Poker : Great tournaments and overlays available round the clock .
Ready for Real Money Poker ?
Real stakes mean a whole new poker game
Let ’s answer your questions first :
What 's the difference between play vs real money poker sites ?
When the stakes are real - even low stakes - poker becomes a different game .
Players are more cautious with their chips - less loose calls and incessant all - ins .
And of course there ’s the chance to take home some real cash .
When the stakes are real - even low stakes - poker becomes a different game .
Players are more cautious with their chips - less loose calls and incessant all - ins .
And of course there ’s the chance to take home some real cash .
How good are the players at real money poker sites ?
You do n’t have to sit and play against a table full of pros .
Online poker rooms attract plenty of beginners and amateurs that you can exploit - if you play your cards right .
You do n’t have to sit and play against a table full of pros .
Online poker rooms attract plenty of beginners and amateurs that you can exploit - if you play your cards right .
What are buy - ins like for average real money games ?
Do n’t worry - real money online poker does n't even have to be for high stakes .
In fact , 50 % of poker games on an online poker site cost under $ 10 to buy into .
Do n’t worry - real money online poker does n't even have to be for high stakes .
In fact , 50 % of poker games on an online poker site cost under $ 10 to buy into .
Can I actually win playing real money poker online ?
Online poker for real money is not as unpredictable as play money poker - which makes it more exploitable .
So , yes this can possibly mean more success and real cash wins .
# Success : Real vs. Play Money Poker
Real money poker is less unpredictable
- which makes it more exploitable
Why Play at Real Money Poker Sites ?
Play - money games are good for one thing : picking up the basics .
You need a couple of hours at these tables to get a good feel for the online poker game .
Like understanding the order of play , how to make bets , adjusting to the pace , learning the controls - and more .
But real money online poker games are where the real action is .
When real money is on the line , games get smoother
To learn effective poker strategy - you need to step away from loose , careless play money players .
Because they can simply reload if they run out of chips .
So they make crazy bets and calls while feeling like they have nothing to lose .
Although there may be the occasional loose cannon at your table , real money poker players generally are n’t like that .
Even at $ 0.01 / $ 0.02 micro stakes - players are far more cautious with their chips .
This makes them so much more exploitable .
So there ’s no doubt that online poker for real money is the best poker available .
Online Poker Buy-ins and Costs
Real money online poker is n’t the exclusive domain of the high - stakes pros you see on live streams .
Actually , almost all poker games - cash , tournaments , Sit & Gos , Hyper Turbos , what have you - run at accessible prices .
As we ’ve mentioned - online real money poker sites today mainly cater for the average , recreational poker players .
# Most real money online poker
games have entry under $ 10
Cash Games
If you play cash , you can find tables with 1c / 2 c to $ 1 / $ 2 stakes any time of the day .
Not only are buy - ins small , but you 're under no obligation to re-enter if you bust .
With stakes available so low you can make $ 5 to $ 10 last a really long time - and have a ton of fun in the process .
Tournaments
At the same time the potential is there to turn that small investment into a lot of money .
If you like to play big , low buy - in MTTS ( multi- table tournaments ) , the prize pools can often be up to 1,000 x the buy - in making them extremely profitable ventures .
Huge events , low entries
The PokerStars MicroMillions is just one example of a major online tournament with a guaranteed prize pool of millions .
Yet buy - ins are predominantly $ 11 or less , which is proof that real money poker online is rarely high - risk .
Of course , the fields are massive in these microstakes events , which makes them more difficult - but that ’s a different story .
Casino Poker
You can also play more casino - style poker games for real money , such as :
Just check our Casino Poker Games page for more info on all the casino poker games you can play , including video poker and and live dealer poker games .
We can also recommend the top casinos which offer some of our favorite , popular poker games :
# You control your bankroll
You pick your comfort level and decide which
stakes and games are best for you .
How to Get Ready to Play Poker
Real money strategy becomes interesting , the players consistent , and the games more beatable .
At least - if you know what you 're doing .
Check out :
You do n't have to spend too much learning the ropes .
All the real money poker sites on this page offer hundreds of low - limit real money options .
Starting from $ 0.01 / $ 0.02 cash games and $ 1 single - table tournaments .
And yes , it ’s fast - I mean you ’re shooting off to your seat almost instantly after creating an account .
But do n’t worry - these real money online poker sites are really recreational - player driven these days .
So you 're protected from more experienced players and have plenty of time to get adjusted .
Your Payment Options
Minimum deposits at most real money poker sites are also as low as $ 10 .
So getting involved in an online poker game costs as much as two fancy coffees .
You can deposit using a variety of options and start playing real money poker online within minutes .
Find more info here :
But to sum up , here are the most popular poker payment methods in these locations :
+ More payment information
Privacy matters :
Remember that if you use a third - party eWallet or pre-paid credit card none of your bank information ( or personal information for that matter ) is exchanged with the poker site .
All information you share with a poker site is also entirely confidential according to strict licence regulations .
Support available :
If you have any concerns about your transaction and whether the money has arrived in your account , the best real money online poker sites have 24/7 customer service support to assist you .
Real money online poker sites are also committed to responsible gambling principles .
They offer help or self - exclusion if you 're ever concerned about playing too much .
Playing Poker in the US
Many Americans think that playing poker online is illegal , but it ’s actually not the case .
The gambling laws affecting online betting and games , including poker , are mainly targeting card rooms , not players .
So it would be unlicensed poker sites that take the heat , and that ’s why legislation is a hot topic .
Michigan and West Virginia are on the horizon .
But at this point , the following four states can legally offer poker games to American players :
Nevada
Delaware
Pennsylvania and
and New Jersey
True , US - facing sites are more limited than European Poker rooms , but there are legitimate options .
You can play on the major 888 poker site in NJ , DE and NV , and Pokerstars in NJ and PA .
You can also play WSOP online once a year from qualifying states .
Playing on a licensed site comes with major benefits like fund security and smoother transitions processing .
These licensed sites are much safer than any offshore or unlicensed poker room .
And the card games being dealt are legit and monitored for fairness .
We 've partnered with the best state - regulated internet poker rooms to give you the best offers .
But every player is different .
So you can read our expert reviews and make your own decision .
Our Recommended Card Rooms
WSOP & 888 have been sharing player pools
in licensed states since 2018 .
Downsides of real cash games in America
The downside is that these state - approved rooms are only accessible from within those state borders .
But it wo n’t matter whether you ’re a resident or visitor - so you can easily visit for an online poker holiday .
However , the poker site will use geo-location to enforce this , and they ’re becoming more sensitive to VPNs .
So it ’s not that easy to get around in that sense .
Yet the biggest drawback is probably the fact that in licensed poker rooms in the states , you get a limited player pool .
Essentially you would only be playing against other Americans in licensed states - like New Jersey , Nevada and Delaware .
This can make finding a game a bit harder .
But it also means smaller fields and a better chance at a prize .
We have yet to report further on this one however .
Because it seems the Department of Justice disputed the legality of such player pool sharing agreements in January 2019 .
It seems the matter will only be resolved once and for all by the Supreme Court .
Global Poker -
Anywhere in the US
Besides licensed sites in New Jersey , Nevada , Pennsylvania and Delaware , the only real option for US players is Global Poker .
This poker site uses a unique sweepstakes and virtual currency model as its legal justification .
As a result , it ’s not considered an online gambling site per se - and it ’s available all over the US .
This is actually a real money poker site disguised as a sweepstakes game .
So you can then play for real cash prizes which you convert via Mastercard , American Express or Skrill , for example .
# Global Poker Sweepstakes Model Allows players in any state to play for real winnings ,
converted to cash via cards , transfers or e-wallets .
In the spirit of transparency , the site also has some downfalls .
Like the fact that there are no loyalty rewards , freerolls or rakeback incentives .
Or that the buy - ins are low enough to encourage some crazy play from other players .
The rake is also on the higher side in comparison to other card rooms in the US .
Want to delve deeper into poker laws state by state , and your options as a poker - loving American ?
Then browse our detailed guide to USA legal poker info , including our recommended card rooms in your area .
You may also find specific bonuses and reviews to help make your decision easier .
Card Rooms in the US
Relocating to Play
# Appeak Poker Alternatively , go for Appeak Poker
- our # 1 play - money poker option .
Poker for real money in the UK
Since 2014 , it ’s been legal to operate and advertise poker to UK players .
In fact , the UK is one of the poker havens of Europe .
So if you ’re accessing this page from the UK you ’ll find multiple poker site options and bonuses to choose from .
They ’re all compliant with the UK Gambling Commission and are 100 % safe to play at .
UKGC licensing laws make the whole poker experience more secure for players , from registration to playing at tables to transactions .
Top poker sites like PokerStars even use a specific domain for UK players to monitor activity and for taxation purposes .
Regulated UK poker sites must segment player funds from poker business funds , so they can always pay out winnings .
Here 's our approved list of the Best Real Money Poker Sites in the UK :
Playing Real money poker in Canada
No surprise that some top online poker pros have emerged from Canada - case in point : Daniel Negreanu .
Canadian players who wish to follow suit have tons of real money online poker sites to try on this page .
And they ’re not just Canada - friendly - but also top poker sites worldwide .
This makes them totally safe and reliable , so you can carry on and play .
Just remember that , like many countries worldwide , winnings are subject to tax .
Here 's our approved list of the Best Real Money Poker Sites in Canada :
Free Poker Bonuses , Tickets and More
If you 're not entirely confident in your game yet , you can take advantage of the bonus offers on this page .
If you ’re new to a poker site , you can get real money bonus funds to practice with .
Or the real money bonus can be free tickets to tournaments with a smaller prize pool .
Feel free to use any exclusive poker bonus on this page when you ’re signing up to a new site .
Just be sure to register through the link on the review page to be eligible .
If you 're still not quite ready for real money online poker , you can play for free on these poker sites !
Look through our real - money poker sites reviews on this page because your options are limitless for many poker variations .
The best part is how quickly you can learn all you need to know and start making a small profit .
Check our free strategy guides for the basics and more :
Good luck - and enjoy the ride of real money poker !
( CNN ) -- A 7 - year - old Russian boy adopted by an American family last year was put on a return flight to Moscow this week because of violent and psychotic behavior , according to a Tennessee grandmother .
The child showed up unannounced at Russia 's child protection ministry Thursday , triggering an international investigation .
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told a Russian TV channel on Friday that his country has banned future adoptions by Americans until the United States signs a new agreement to regulate them .
U.S. diplomats have avoided such an agreement to set responsibilities for the adopting parents , Lavrov said , " but this latest incident has exhausted our patience . "
" We are now investigating the circumstances of the boy 's return to see if any crimes were committed , " said U.S. Ambassador to Russia John Beyrle .
" We are also in close contact with the Russian government on all aspects of the case , and we know that he is being well cared for . "
Nancy Hansen , the Tennessee woman who put Justin Hansen on the plane in Washington , insisted she did not abandon the child , but was following instructions from a lawyer she found online .
Hansen told CNN that she was concerned about her family 's safety after a series of violent incidents and threats .
" I still have energy and I love children , " Hansen said .
" It was n't that he was just energetic and wearing us down .
It was the violent tendencies and he had to be watched at all time . "
When her daughter , Torry Hansen , adopted the boy from a Russian orphanage last year , she asked the doctor there if he had any physical or mental problems , Nancy Hansen said .
The doctor answered " ' He 's healthy , ' and turned and left , " she said .
Once the child learned enough English , he told his new family about the horrors of his previous life , including being beaten at the orphanage after his mother abandoned him , she said .
He also told of an incident in which he burned down a building near the orphanage , she said .
Russian Children 's Rights Commissioner Pavel Astakhov said the child was " completely healthy , physically and mentally " before the adoption .
" Nobody withheld anything from her [ Torry Hansen ] , " he said .
" It 's a lie . "
Justin told Russian officials he was abused by the American family , Astakhov said .
" There was a grandmother who was at home with the boys , " he said .
" She used to shout at [ Justin ] a lot .
When I asked how the mother treated him he burst into tears and said she used to pull his hair . "
Hansen said the child had a " hit list " of people he was targeting , including her daughter , who he said he " wanted to kill for the house . "
He threatened to kill her grandson for a videogame , she said .
The final incident that convinced Hansen she should send the boy back to Russia was when she caught him starting a fire with papers in his bedroom last Monday , she said .
She feared the child might burn down the house and kill her family , she said .
Hansen and her family were set to meet with Bedford County , Tennessee , Sheriff Randall Boyce on Friday afternoon but their lawyer asked to reschedule the session for next week , a sheriff 's spokeswoman said .
" I 'm not sure there 's been a crime committed , " Boyce said earlier .
He was asked by the U.S. State Department to investigate .
A State Department spokesman said the U.S. government was " very troubled " by the incident .
" As parents , my wife and I were deeply shocked by the news of Justin Hansen , and very angry that any family would act so callously toward a child that they had legally adopted , " Ambassador Beyrle said .
Nancy Hansen outlined for CNN the process she followed after she decided Justin must go back to Russia .
When the lawyer she found online advised her the adoption could be reversed , Hansen booked the flight and paid the fee for a steward to escort Justin through the airport , she said .
She hired a driver in Moscow she found online to pick the child up from the Moscow airport , she said .
She found " safe references " for the driver online , she said .
She then prepared a letter for Justin to present to Russian officials , which included a photo of the driver , whom she identified as " Arthur , " she said .
Justin " had never been happier " than when he boarded the plane for Moscow , she said .
Russian child protection officials were not happy when the child arrived unannounced at their ministry Wednesday .
Nancy Hansen said when they called her there was " a lot of yelling going on . "
But Hansen said after the call she believed the matter was settled and the boy was safe , until she also got a call from the U.S. Embassy .
They told her she had set off an " international incident . "
The U.S. State Department spokesman on Friday said it was up to the Russian government to decide whether it will suspend adoptions by Americans because of the incident .
Ambassador Beyrle said cases of neglect are rare among the " tens of thousands of adopted Russian children who are living happily and lovingly with their American families . "
" But even one incident like this is too many , and we will get to the bottom of what went wrong , " he said .
The Seattle - based agency which Hansen said her daughter used to coordinate the adoption said it found out about Justin 's return only Friday .
" We were alerted to this situation by our branch office in Moscow , Russia , and are shocked and saddened by this turn of events , " said a spokeswoman for the World Association for Children and Parents .
In the 1 percent of the cases where the dissolution of an adoption has been needed , the agency " has always supported and worked closely with [ adoptive ] parents to assist the child in moving into a new adoptive family , " she said .
CNN 's Carolina Sanchez , Dave Alsup and Elise Labott contributed to this report .
: Lately , I have been obsessed with this band from Montreal called Automelodi .
I work at a record label ( Ba Da Bing Records ) and my boss , Ben , is constantly getting new records in .
He knows I have a soft spot for 80s /90s post punk / early electro , vaguely alternative music ... and so one day , he put on a Wierd Records compilation .
It was a vinyl set of like 4 pieces or something .
There were so many good bands on there ... however , Automelodi stuck out in my mind as being an authentic , genuine , NON - cheesy version of the 80s I wish I was a part of .
The song in particular that gets me going in the morning is called " Schéma Corporel " . : often enough , it ’s the early morning rush which gets me excited about shutting my eyes .
and by morning , we ’re looking at the 4 a .m. time frame where all you hear is yourself in a foggy blur , thinking if sleep is really all that important because the early few are storming off for work .
in all honesty , there is no ipod nor a single earplugging devicetron which i’d attend to .
often enough , it ’s someone else ’s sonic leak i’m getting addressed by .
but , i’m listening to Steely Dan ’s “ Babylon Sisters ” .
in my head , at least .
sanity ‘ from the point of no return ’ , personally .
it ’s a breath of fresh air .
despite its age .
everything is beautiful then . :
The perfect song to start the day is “ A Tonga Da Mironga Do Kabuleté ” – the live recording from 1971 by Brazilian artists Vinícius +
Bethania + Toquinho .
It is like a beautiful sunrise – although I think that the lyrics are actually some sort of political commentary disguised as a Candomble / Afro-Brazilian curse – but whatever !
And then you should just leave the CD on , and listen to the rest of the album while you have your coffee .
And you will have a great day . : i have a nico button on my guitar strap and her excess eyeliner has been burning the dirge " janitor of lunacy " into my waking ears as of late , at least 20 times in the last week .
until yesterday we have been on tour in scandinavia , russia , poland , austria , germany and czech .
these grey locations held hands with her harmonium perfectly . : i have been obsessively listening and waking up to this tune by gillian welch called " annabelle " .
it 's a song about a sharecropper in alabama and it is so sad , beautiful and timeless that I can't help but listen more than once in a row .
the harmonies in the chorus make my hairs stand up ... beautiful song . : my favourite song at the moment is called ' one in a million ' by steve miller .
it 's really beautiful .
his voice is like honey in the sun and it totally melts my heart .
the lyrics are quite simple and i guess corny but it's a great tune and the production is so good it really does n't matter .
i wish i'd written it .
in fact i'd love to do a cover version of it .
i was recently in stockholm visiting my friend victoria ( bergsman ) from taken by trees and we were singing it in the flat and talked about recording it .
watch this space ... : every day when i leave the house and walk over the iron bridge and up to the glasshouses , i listen to “ what for ” by james .
i have a habit of dropping back 20 years in my thoughts , and having a parallel soundtrack running in my head so that i may be walking in a street in 2008 , but my head is in 1988 .
i do n’t know why that is .
this is an up and hopeful song of the period from a band i used to care for deeply .
as we slip into the autumn here , i am prepared to let my new song of obsession become “ the game ” by echo and the bunnymen .
“ everybody ’s got their own good reason why their favourite season is their favourite season ” . :
I 'm waking up to Labi Siffre , and wondering how I managed to stay asleep for so long .
His songs are diverse , unpretentious , and performed with tangible joy .
I 'm literally waking up to him as well - I have ' It Must Be Love ' set as my alarm , and it is proving to be a very nutritious musical breakfast .
Rich Hickey , the inventor of Clojure , recently announced support for Java annotations in Clojure .
This is great news , and in this entry I will show an example of how to create a simple stateless EJB in Clojure .
A simple stateless session bean
I base my example on the simple stateless example from OpenEJB , an embeddable and lightweight EJB 3.0 implementation .
I have based my code as closely as possible to the original , for the sake of comparison .
The local interface
The local interface is fairly simple .
There are no annotations needed , and is easily written with a simple definterface .
( definterface CalculatorLocal ( # ^int sum [ # ^int add1 , # ^int add2 ] ) ( # ^int multiply [ # ^int mult1 , # ^int mult2 ] ) )
The remote interface
The remote interface is remarkably similar to the local interface , but includes our first annotation :
( definterface # ^{Remote {}} CalculatorRemote ( # ^int sum [ # ^int add1 , # ^int add2 ] ) ( # ^int multiply [ # ^int mult1 , # ^int mult2 ] ) )
The # ^{Remote {}} is equivalent to Java ’s @ Remote annotation on the interface .
Note that in order for this code to work , you must import javax.ejb .
Remote , as in Java .
The bean
Now that the business interfaces have been implemented , we can now implement the bean itself .
( deftype #^{ Stateless {}} CalculatorImpl [ ] CalculatorLocal CalculatorRemote ( sum [ this add1 add2 ] (+ add1 add2 ) ) ( multiply [ this mult1 mult2 ] ( * mult1 mult2 ) ) )
Similar to the remote interface , the bean is annotated , this time with # ^ {Stateless {}} for javax.ejb .
Stateless .
Otherwise , this type is implemented just like any other using deftype .
And that is all there is to it .
You can AOT compile the above forms , and you will have a working stateless session bean you can drop into any EJB container .
Get the bean from GitHub
I have created ejb-annot , a simple Clojure project that implements the above bean , along with some unit tests to show that the bean will work .
It uses an embedded OpenEJB instance as the bean container .
To see the bean in action , simply :
git clone http://github.com/sattvik/ejb-annot.git cd ejb - annot lein deps lein compile lein ejb-test
Note that it is ejb - test and not test .
This is because OpenEJB seems to have some issues when running from within the same JVM as Leiningen , due to some class loading issues .
Also , for OpenEJB to automatically discover the bean , it needs to find an ejb - jar.xml in the same path as the class files .
Final thoughts
Annotations in Clojure are dead simple and will help make Clojure more Java EE friendly .
In fact it was an order of magnitude more difficult to get the tests to run within Leiningen than it was to implement the bean and the tests .
I would like to thank Rich for implementing annotations in Clojure .
I attempted to add some EJB annotation support in a library last fall , but never completed the project .
Now , none of it will be necessary .
The light from the lamps in your house could carry a wireless signal that could power internet connectivity at home , say a group of German researchers who say they have found a way to encode the signals into visible frequency .
Though it would provide much lower speeds than Wi -Fi signals , it can offer less interference and is likely to offer great protection from hackers , say the researchers .
Currently , most homes use radio - frequency based Wi-Fi signals for broadband service .
But Wi-Fi has limited bandwidth , says the researchers , and it is difficult to get more radio spectrum for it .
Visible frequency would be a good alternative , they say .
Flickering the lights can generate the signal in a room .
The change wo n't be visible to the human eye because the rate of modulation is millions of times faster than what we can see , say the researchers .
And since , visible light can't penetrate walls there will be no interference .
Since incandescent and fluorescent bulbs can't flicker fast enough , LEDs would be the right choice , say the researchers .
Commercial LEDs have a bandwidth of only a few MHz .
But Jelena Vučić , a researcher at the Fraunhofer Institute for Telecommunications , and her colleagues who have been working on the project have found a way to increase the bandwidth by filtering out all wavelengths but blue .
Using the visible wireless system they built , the team downloaded data at up to 230 megabits per second .
The researchers will present their findings at a conference in San Diego later this month .
[ via Inhabitat ]
Photo : ( slworking / Flickr )
Reports that the WHO is appointing an ' independent ' committee to investigate its own conduct in the H1N1 panic of 2009 has been tempered by the fact that one of the committee 's members , John Mackenzie , was in fact one of the advisors who urged the WHO to declare a pandemic in the first place .
He also has ties to vaccine manufacturers , making him part of the very charge being investigated : that the WHO relied on advisors with a financial interest in declaring a pandemic regardless of the facts on the ground .
Evidence continues to mount that the WHO declared a pandemic for the relatively mild H1N1 outbreak last year in order to trigger billions of dollars of automatic vaccine contracts for the benefit of WHO advisors with connections to Big Pharma .
In the face of growing opposition and a loss of credibility due to the conflicts of interests among key WHO advisors , WHO Director Margaret Chan called Monday for a " frank , critical , transparent , credible and independent review of our performance " before entering a closed - door meeting with the " independent experts . "
No photographers were allowed inside and press was allowed only occasional access to the meeting .
Hopes for a genuinely independent investigation into the scandal were quickly dashed , however , when it was discovered that one of the group 's members , Professor John Mackenzie of Curtin University in Australia , was a member of the very panel that advised the WHO to declare the H1N1 pandemic .
In fact , Mackenzie is already on record with his assessment of his own actions : " I think we did everything right , " he told Der Spiegel earlier this year .
Clues to the likely findings and recommendations of the group in Geneva can be derived from other comments Mackenzie made to the German paper : " The system of pandemic levels needs to be revised , " he was quoted as saying .
" We need to fine - tune phase 6 so that the severity of the disease is also taken into account . "
Analysts are expecting the review to find that the WHO was a victim of fog of war and loose definitions for a pandemic and that no individual will be held responsible for the billions of dollars that have been spent around the world on vaccines that governments are now giving away and may ultimately have to throw out .
Also at issue is why the WHO changed its definition of a pandemic virus just as it was considering whether the emerging swine flu may fit that critera .
A definition available on the website before the panic specifically listed " enormous numbers of deaths and ilness " as a criterion for declaring a pandemic .
By April , the definition had been changed to specifically allow for " mild " pandemics .
The cover - up committee is being formed ahead of the final report of the ongoing Council of Europe investigation into the scandal .
Just last month , the Council released a draft report of its investigation into the affair , delivering a blistering critique of the WHO and its motives for declaring the H1N1 pandemic :
Some members of these advisory bodies evidently have professional links to certain pharmaceutical groups - notably through receiving extensive research grants from the big pharmaceutical groups - so that the neutrality of their advice could be contested .
To date , WHO has failed to provide convincing evidence to counter these allegations and the organisation has not published the relevant declarations of interest taking such a reserved position , the Organisation has joined other bodies , such as the European Medicines Agency ( EMEA ) , which likewise , have still not published such documents .
-" The handling of the H1N1 pandemic : more transparency needed "
The Council of Europe committee inquiry was spearheaded by Wolfgang Wodarg , the former chair of the Council 's health committee who made waves last year for saying that the WHO faked the pandemic to make money for vaccine manufacturers .
The committee is expected to be quite critical of the WHO , leading many to speculate that the WHO - sanctioned group in Geneva is an attempt to get ahead of the damage and issue a limited hangout on the issue .
The independent group is expected to finish its meeting on Wednesday .
No word yet if they will address the fact that flu vaccines actually increase the risk of contracting H1N1 , or what the effect might be if a vaccine - pushing WHO ignores this information .
The H1N1 panic started last March , with the WHO estimating as many as two billion infections and millions of deaths .
Newly released data shows that the 2009 flu season was actually much less deadly than the regular flu season .
Related works from The Corbett Report :
WHO 's Chan : Public 's Obedience to Health Officials " May Be Fading "
UA will provide free deodorant samples during finals week to reduce Reading Room stench
UA will provide free deodorant samples during finals week to reduce Reading Room stench
The Undergraduate Association Senate passed a bill yesterday to provide free samples of soap , toothpaste , mouthwash , and deodorant in the Reading Room on the fifth floor of the Student Center during finals week this term .
The bill , submitted by Baker senator Janet Li ’ 12 , was motivated by concerns about poor hygiene among students studying in the Reading Room .
This issue , the bill states , “ is most apparent just before and during final week . ”
The Campus Activities Complex , which manages the Student Center , has already been coordinating with the UA ’s Committee on Space Planning to address hygiene and odor problems in the Reading Room , according to an e-mail sent by Li to the ua-senate mailing list , which is open to the public .
“ The ventilation system and everything are working fine , ” Li wrote , “ so the main problem is probably just the students themselves , many of whom get locked up in the Reading Room without taking care of their hygiene . ”
With this bill , the Senate hopes to “ maintain an atmosphere that is conducive to studying during finals week , ” but also , more generally , remind students of the importance of hygiene maintenance , said UA vice speaker Timothy R. Jenks ’ 13 .
Senate will spend $ 441 from its discretionary fund to provide 50 samples a day of deodorant and mouthwash for six days ; the Campus Activities Complex has already obtained free samples of toothpaste and soap .
An informal survey of several students studying in the Reading Room last night found that students do , in fact , find odor to be a problem there :
Four out of the five students surveyed who said they study in the Reading Room more than three nights a week said they were bothered by the smell .
One of these students , Breanna D. Berry ’ 12 , said she has avoided the Reading Room during finals week because of the smell , so she thought the bill was a good idea .
Mojisola O. Jimoh ‘ 11 also said she noticed and disliked the unpleasant odors , but was lukewarm about the bill since she thought it might encourage students to try to rely on free hygiene samples to stay clean rather than go home to shower .
The Committee on Space Planning and the Campus Activities Complex are also working together to put up posters in the Reading Room promoting stress awareness and good hygiene .
Last school year , Senate passed a bill to keep hand sanitizer dispensers inside the Student Center filled , primarily in response to concerns about cleanliness in the fifth floor Athena cluster .
Re-reading Climategate and AR4 Review Comments , I noticed an interesting discussion about handling the Law Dome O18 record – a series used in Mann and Jones ( 2003 ) and Jones and Mann ( 2004 ) with a very elevated MWP .
The Law Dome O18 series was illustrated in Jones and Mann 2004 as follows ( although the digital data for most series in this article was commendably archived , the digital version of the Law Dome O18 series was n’t .
After a couple of years of effort , I obtained it from Tas van Ommen . )
Law Dome O18 was one of three series used in the Mann and Jones ( 2003 ) Sh “ reconstruction ” ( Cook ’s Tasmanian tree ring chronology and Thompson ’s Quelccaya , Peru ice core were the others . )
The Mann and Jones ( 2003 ) SH reconstruction was discussed in the AR4 Second Draft as follows ( language unchanged in the final version ) .
6.6.2 Southern Hemisphere Temperature Variability :
There are markedly fewer well - dated proxy records for the SH compared to the NH ( Figure 6.11 ) , and consequently little evidence of how large - scale average surface temperatures have changed over the past few thousand years .
Mann and Jones ( 2003 ) used only three series to represent annual mean SH temperature change over the last 1.5 kyr .
AR4 Second Draft Figure 6.11 purported to show the “ locations of temperature - sensitive proxy records with data back to 1000 , 1500 and 1750 ” , but , for some reason , did n’t include Law Dome , Quelccaya and other sites .
The caption was as follows ;
Figure 6.11 .
Locations of temperature - sensitive proxy records with data back to 1000 , 1500 and 1750 ( instrumental records : red thermometers ; tree - ring : brown triangles ; boreholes : black circles ; ice - core / ice - boreholes : blue stars ; other records including low - resolution records : purple squares ) .
All proxies used in reconstructions [ R1 ] to [ R11 ] of Northern Hemisphere temperatures ( see Table 6.1 and Figure 6.10 ) or used to indicate Southern Hemisphere regional temperatures ( Figure 6.12 ) are included .
Neither was the Law Dome O18 data shown in Figure 6.12 , illustrating SH proxy histories .
IPCC AR4 Second Draft Figure 6.12
The IPCC stated of this data :
Taken together , the very sparse evidence for Southern Hemisphere temperatures prior to the period of instrumental records indicates that warming is occurring in some regions .
However , more proxy data are required to verify the apparent warm trend .
SOD Review Comments
One ( and only one ) IPCC noticed that SH proxies in R1 and R2 ( Jones et al 1998 , Mann et al 1999 ) were missing from Figure 6.11 :
6-1168 B 30:5 30:5 Figure 6.11a does not show many proxies used in R1 , R2 [ Jones et al. , 1998 ; calibrated by Jones et al. , 2001 ; Mann et al. , 1999 ] : e.g. Rio Alerce , Lenca , Morocco tree rings , Quelccaya , Law Dome [ Stephen McIntyre ( Reviewer ’s comment ID # : 309-63 ) ]
IPCC accepted this criticism ( and did add missing proxies ) , mentioning in passing that they had removed the term “ temperature sensitive ” from the caption – I had n’t made this request .
In retrospect , this was sort of an odd thing to do , given that these are supposed to temperature proxies .
More on this later .
Accepted – Figure ( 6.11 ) now shows a more comprehensive picture of proxy series locations used in the references cited .
The reference to “ temperature sensitive ” proxies has been removed in the caption and additional series , as indicated by the reviewer , have been shown .
I also wondered what had happened to the Law Dome proxy and why it was n’t shown in Figure 6.12 :
6-1231 B 34:12 34:12
What happened to the Law Dome proxy ?
Why is n’t it shown ?
[ Stephen McIntyre ( Reviewer ’s comment ID # : 309-115 ) ]
This prompted a surprisingly elaborate answer – one that is considerably clarified by the Climategate emails .
Past temperature variations at Law Dome have been inferred from isotopic and borehole records .
( 1 ) Jones and Mann ( 2004 ) showed an isotope record from Law Dome based on O18 .
This record has a “ cold ” present - day and “ warm ” 1000 - 1750 period .
Dahl - Jensen et al. ( 1999 ) showed temperature variations at Law Dome obtained by inverting the borehole temperature profiles .
This record has a colder interval ( peaking in 1250 and 1850 ) relative to the recent period , followed by a steady recent warming .
Therefore , the opposite trends recorded in these reconstructions do not allow reaching a final consensus on temperature variations at Law Dome during the past millennium .
Although I had n’t previously noticed this point , Dahl - Jensen ( 1999 ) – Dahl - Jensen , D. , V.I. Morgan , and A. Elcheikh , 1999 : Monte Carlo inverse modelling of the Law Dome ( Antarctica ) temperature profile .
Ann. Glaciol. , 29 , 145–150 . – was not mentioned in the Second Order Draft .
Climategate Letters
The Climategate Letters in July 2006 proved to have a surprisingly lengthy discussion about how to refuse my request that the Law Dome proxy series be shown .
On June 30 , 2006 ( 704 .
1153167959.txt ) , Overpeck wrote :
…
Figure 6.12 …
2. consider adding Law Dome temperature record – Ricardo is investigating , but perhaps Keith / Tim can help figure out if it ’s valid to include .
Feel free to check with Valerie on this too , as she seems to know these data at least a little
On July 14 ( 700 .
1152912026.txt )
Overpeck wrote Briffa , Osborn , Villalba , Jansen and Masson - Delmotte revisiting Figure 6.12 :
Subject : figure issues
Hi all – including Eystein , whom I have n’t been able to talk with on
these issues yet :
1 ) I ’d like to get your status report on Fig. 6.12 – based on
feedback from Henry Pollack , we will keep the borehole curves and
corresponding instrumental data .
I believe we are also going to add
the new recon from Law Dome – Valerie was going to send .
Do you have
everything needed for this figure revision ?
Later on July 17 , 2006 16:25 ( 704 .
1153167959.txt )
Osborn replied to Overpeck , also commenting on his June 30 questions ( cc Briffa , Jansen , Villalba , Joos ) :
Subject : Re : Special instructions / timing adjustment
Hi all ,
I ’m halfway through these changes and will get the revised figures out to you probably tomorrow , except maybe the SH one , because : I ’m not sure if the van Ommen ( pers. comm . ) data shown by Jones & Mann and suggested by Riccardo are the data to use or not .
Is it published properly ?
I ’ve seen the last 700 years of the Law Dome 18O record published , so perhaps we should show just the period since 1300 AD ?
That period appears in : Mayewski PA , Maasch KA , White JWC , et al .
A 700 year record of Southern Hemisphere extratropical climate variability ANNALS OF GLACIOLOGY 39 : 127-132 2004 and Goodwin ID , van Ommen TD , Curran MAJ , et al .
Mid latitude winter climate variability in the South Indian and southwest Pacific Regions since 1300 AD CLIMATE DYNAMICS 22 ( 8 ) : 783-794 JUL 2004 …
Cheers , Tim
Late in the evening of July 17 ( Arizona time ) , Overpeck reverted to Osborn that they thought that they would go with borehole data ( which did n’t have an elevated MWP – though it had elevated values in earlier periods ) :
Hi Tim et al ( especially Valerie ) – again , sorry for the confusion , but hopefully the emails sent and forwarded from Valerie and me this evening helps figure this out .
I think we ’re going with borehole for Law Dome , but you guys need to confirm it ’s the way to go .
I ’m cc’ing to Valerie in the hope she can try to provide more guidance in this – with a confirmation that it ’s the best way to go and will stand up to criticism .
If we have multiple conflicting temp recons from Law Dome , and one ca n’t be shown from the literature as being the best , then we should state that , and show neither – just an idea .
BUT , I think Valerie was pretty sure the borehole was best .
She should be more available in a day or so .
The next day , ( 709 .
1153233036.txt ) , Overpeck wrote that Masson - Delmotte had sent them references a couple of weeks earlier and that the Law Dome borehole data was available and should be the data used in a revised Figure 6.12 ( various references from Masson - Delmotte were shown in the email ) :
Hi Tim , Ricardo and Keith – Valerie just reminded me that she sent this to us all ( minus Tim ) back in June .
There is plenty below for discussion in the text , and the Law Dome borehole data can be obtained at the site below ( http://www.nbi.ku.dk/side95613.htm).
This is the record that should be added to the SH figure .
Thanks ,
Peck
Soon afterwards on July 18 ( 709 .
1153233036.txt ) , Osborn wrote to explain that , if they showed the borehole data with its supposedly cool MWP , they would be criticized for not showing the isotope data with its warm MWP .
Osborn suggested a Sir Humphrey solution of showing neither – instead talking around the problem verbally in the text ;
Hi all , ( 1 ) Jones / Mann showed ( and Mann / Jones used in their reconstruction ) an isotope record from Law Dome that is probably O18 ( they say “ oxygen isotopes ” ) .
This has a “ cold ” present - day and “ warm ” MWP ( indeed relatively “ warm ” throughout the 1000 - 1750 period ) .
The review comments from sceptics wanted us to show this for obvious reasons .
But its interpretation is ambiguous and I think ( though I ’m not certain ) that it has been used to indicate atmospheric circulation changes rather than temperature changes by some authors ( Souney et al. , JGR , 2002 ) .
( 2 ) Goosse et al. showed Deuterium excess as an indicator of Southern Ocean SST ( rather than local temperature ) .
Goosse et al. also showed a composite of 4 Antarctic ice core records ( 3 deuterium , 1 O18 ) .
Neither of these comes up to the 20th century making plotting on the same scale as observed temperature rather tricky !
( 3 ) Dahl - Jensen showed the temperatures obtained by inverting the borehole temperature profiles .
This has a colder MWP relative to the recent period , which shows strong recent warming .
I have data from ( 1 ) and now from ( 3 ) too , but not from ( 2 ) though I could ask Hugues Goosse for ( 2 ) .
Anyway , ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) are n’t calibrated reconstructions like the others in the Southern Hemisphere figure , so plotting them would alter the nature of the figure .
But if we show only ( 3 ) then we will be accused of ( cherry - ) picking that ( and not showing ( 1 ) as used by Mann / Jones ) because it showed what we wanted / expected .
Can I , therefore , leave the SH figure unchanged and can we just discuss the Law Dome ambiguities in the text ?
Cheers
Tim
Overpeck liked Osborn ’s tactic of dealing with the inconsistency verbally ( rather than letting readers actually see the inconsistency ) .
Overpeck congratulated his team for their “ nice resolution ” , but did n’t overlook the opportunity to make a snide comment about the “ experts ” who had the temerity to wonder why the Law Dome data had n’t been illustrated :
Subject : Re : Law Dome figure
Hi Tim , Ricardo and friends – your suggestion to leave the figure unchanged makes sense to me .
Of course , we need to discuss the Law Dome ambiguity clearly and BRIEFLY in the text , and also in the response to “ expert ” review comments ( sometimes , it is hard to use that term “ expert ” … ) .
Ricardo , Tim and Keith – can you take care of this please .
Nice resolution , thanks .
best , Peck
AR4
AR4 left its mention of Mann and Jones ( 2003 ) unchanged as follows :
There are markedly fewer well - dated proxy records for the SH compared to the NH ( Figure 6.11 ) , and consequently little evidence of how large - scale average surface temperatures have changed over the past few thousand years .
Mann and Jones ( 2003 ) used only three series to represent annual mean SH temperature change over the last 1.5 kyr .
A weighted combination of the individual standardised series was scaled to match ( at decadal time scales ) the mean and the standard deviation of SH annual mean land and marine temperatures over the period 1856 to 1980 .
Following the CRU strategy , Figure 6.12 was left unchanged with the following sentence added to the text :
Contrasting evidence of past temperature variations at Law Dome , Antarctica has been derived from ice core isotope measurements and from the inversion of a subsurface temperature profile ( Dahl - Jensen et al. , 1999 ; Goosse et al. , 2004 ; Jones and Mann , 2004 ) .
The borehole analysis indicates colder intervals at around 1250 and 1850 , followed by a gradual warming of 0.7 °C to the present .
The isotope record indicates a relatively cold 20th century and warmer conditions throughout the period 1000 to 1750 .
The closing sentence of the SH section was left unchanged :
Taken together , the very sparse evidence for SH temperatures prior to the period of instrumental records indicates that unusual warming is occurring in some regions .
However , more proxy data are required to verify the apparent warm trend .
Just in case you wondered what Osborn and Overpeck did n’t want you to see , here it is :
Note that the inversion of borehole temperatures raises interesting questions equivalent to principal component retention – see prior posts on this .
I ’ve asked the Danish institution for the pre-inversion borehole measurements .
See http://www.climateaudit.org/?tag=borehole especially Truncated SVD and Borehole Reconstructions
Update - Dahl Jensen responded in April 2010 :
From : Dorthe Dahl Jensen
Sent : April-13-10 10:39 AM
To : Steve McIntyre ; tas.van.ommen@xxx ; Mark Curran
Subject : Re : FW : Law Dome Borehole Dear Steve McIntyre
The temperature measurements of the Law Dome are the property of the
Hobart Glaciology group and I propose you contact them to obtain the data yours sincerely
Dorthe Dahl - Jensen
Under a deal brokered last summer after a long - running investigation into tax avoidance by its clients , UBS avoided criminal charges in return for paying a $ 780 m ( £ 510 m ) fine , admitting criminal wrongdoing , and agreeing to hand over the name of 4,450 of its American offshore clients .
The investigation was part of a wider probe by the IRS into US citizens using offshore bank accounts to dodge taxes back home .
Does it matter that Larkin sneered in his letters and conversation ( fearfully and fretfully , it seems to me ) about foreigners and women , that Naipaul made selfish use of people from the beginning of his life , and no doubt continues to do so now ?
What does it matter that Dickens knew what it was like to be dependent and abandoned as a boy , but made sure that his wife would suffer the same fate ?
" We have many goodish writers in this country , but few great ones , and V.S. Naipaul is a great writer . "
- A.N. Wilson
Everyone knows one thing about the life of Charles Dickens : the trauma of his childhood stung him into bestsellerdom .
The 12 - year - old boy whose parents were imprisoned for debt and who toiled in Warren 's Blacking Factory is father to the man who wrote David Copperfield .
But I was ashamed to learn only now , in Michael Slater 's new biography , Charles Dickens , that the autobiographical background of David Copperfield was completely unknown to Dickens 's huge contemporary fan base - hundreds of thousands of people who bought his novels in their serial form , subscribed to the magazines he published for twenty years , attended the marvelous public readings he gave of his own works , and bought his Christmas books for their friends .
More than a year passed after Dickens 's death in 1870 at the age of 58 before the first volume of John Forster 's Life of Dickens was published , and the facts of Dickens 's childhood became known .
Slater says that it is hard for us " to register just how sensational all this was to the vast majority of Dickens 's readers , so many of whom felt themselves to be on terms of personal friendship with him . "
Hundreds of thousands learned for the first time that when Copperfield labored in Murdstone & Grimby 's warehouse , it was Dickens who wept , and that Dickens 's Micawberesque father was the cheerful resident of King 's Bench Prison .
That Dickens 's contemporary audience , still mourning his death , found this knowledge sensational is sensational .
I could almost feel sorry for his readers , knowing what I know , as if their ignorance denied them some pleasure
In his work .
But that 's absurd .
A vast public managed nevertheless to love Dickens , to feel kinship with him , and esteem him rightly , believing ( as he did himself ) that he was entitled to a grave in Westminster Abbey among his peers Milton , Shakespeare , and , since last week , Ted Hughes .
Of course Dickens concealed other private facts about his life , including one act so low that he never honored it with even a character in his novels .
At the age of 45 , he decided that his wife no longer deserved his love , and he made her leave their home -- her youngest children were then 9 and 6 .
" To think of the poor matron after 22 years of marriage going away out of her house ! " said Thackeray at the time .
The chattering classes probably knew about it , but Dickens continued to write his books celebrating the healing of families , the love of young sweethearts and the creation of new homes - while his discarded wife tried to preserve her early letters from her husband in order to prove to the children he tried to estrange from her that there was indeed a time when her husband had loved her .
A great majority of us have done discreditable , even cruel things in our lives , even after we have ceased to be children .
And the great majority of that majority find it in our hearts to forgive ourselves , and to think more about how we have been injured than the injuries we have made .
But it seems to matter more when a writer or artist behaves badly .
Why should it ?
If my dentist loves one of his daughters more than any of his other children , or a Boeing engineer is having an affair with her best friend 's husband , it is cruel .
But their cruelties do n't impair the quality of my bridgework or disturb my tendency to sleep peacefully through take - offs and landings .
Why does the bad character of a writer or artist matters so much more ?
And how does " mattering " work ?
Big biographies of major authors tend to raise or lower their subjects in the esteem of their publics : Flannery O'Connor , up ; John Cheever , not so much .
But when there is a big revelation - especially a revelation of weakness or worse - there is a stimulus effect .
The reputation of Philip Larkin has never recovered from his friend Andrew Motion 's biography , which pointed out repeatedly that he , Motion , though a pretty dreadful poet , is a far better human being than Larkin was .
Readers knew about John Cheever 's alcoholism and his bisexual priapism from his journals , first published in the same magazine which published his beautiful short stories and from the complaining memoirs of his daughter before Brad Bailey 's Cheever biography of last year .
The big shock of the year , however , was the " authorized biography " of V.S. Naipaul , by Patrick French : " The World Is What it is . "
French 's book shocked only partly because of the story it told , the real surprise was that Naipaul collaborated so completely with its telling .
Readers like me expected the story of the grandson of self - proclaimed Brahmins who had come to Trinidad as indentured laborers in the 1870s ; how the failure of his father and the fear of being trapped on a small island drove him to excel in school and win a rare scholarship to an English university ; how young Naipaul then struggled to become a self - supporting literary man in 1950s racially super - conscious Britain .
Knowing his novels , readers were more delighted than surprised to hear anecdotes of the life behind them - a colonial outsider with talent sufficient to outdo the natives , but with a racial and a caste identity that makes him feel at the same time superior and inferior to those who posses clear title to a world that he yearns for .
After graduation from Oxford , he was on the phone with a prospective landlady with a flat to let in London .
When she asked him if he was " colored , " he answered , " hopelessly ! "
We are not surprised to see a lot of evidence for his attitude of superiority to the third - world places he visits - India is filthy , his native West Indies are trapped in a contest between groups of former slaves and near - slaves to imitate their former masters .
Patrick French is at the ready with the testimony of one left - of - center reader after another to prove Naipual 's sympathy with the poor and oppressed despite his reactionary tone : Irving Howe , Joe Klein , Karl Miller and Harold Pinter .
But his romantic life !
Naipaul reluctantly marries Patricia Brent , his undergraduate girlfriend , and has a long , cold , selfish marriage with her .
Almost as soon as he meets her , he forced her to give up her undergraduate acting : she contents herself by imagining the children they are going to have , but never do .
He finds what feeble pleasure he can by purchasing sex outside his marriage - he has no " faculty " for seduction - but at the age of 40 , discovers passion for the first time with an Anglo - Argentine woman called Margaret Murray .
For the next 20 years , he remains married to Pat , while he and his mistress share occasional Elinor - Glyn - style sauna - baths of exotic travel combined with the infliction of pain upon one another and upon the wife left at home .
At the age of 50 , the Naipauls separated , but when the writer needed the wife - as he did to help him dictate the entire text of his masterpiece , " The Bend in the River " - she came .
The day after he dictated the last page of the book to Pat , he decided to move to America with Margaret .
But she too is abandoned in time , and someone else , a younger Pakistani woman whom he had known for a few weeks , becomes the " second Lady Naipaul , " and has the privilege of helping a sobbing Naipaul scatter Pat 's ashes in a wood after she dies of cancer .
For me , the effect of reading French 's book - controlled , as it was , by Naipaul himself - was unexpectedly to stop me from being able to read him .
When French 's book was published , I had been reading the better part of Naipual 's travel books for the first time .
And what I learned from French about Naipaul 's private life , and how it impinged on , yet been expunged from his writing , took the pleasure away from me .
What mattered to me was not his estrangement from his wife , or how he treated his wife and the Indians he met on their long stay in India , but to find out too much about his artifice .
I could no longer enjoy in ignorance what as a reader I thought was my right in his work .
What I had just read before the biography was the magnificently funny and vivid Kashmir section of " An Area of Darkness , " in which the writer sojourns ( by himself ! ) in a Kashmiri Fawlty Towers on the shimmering lake , with all its humor , mystery and complexity .
It now seemed meager compared to the reality that went into its making , which included Naipaul 's - and Pat's - entire story up to 1962 , his 31st year , when he first went to India , the land of his ancestors .
Knowing the truth about how he had made it - the way that he had partially to abandon mother , sisters , country , in order to make his career as a writer , how he had to determine that in order to succeed at the literary ambition that had defeated his father that he had to overcome his father - it made it impossible to go on with his autobiographical novels as well .
Patrick French had taken me backstage and showed me the machinery , and I could not recapture the illusion .
And more : it annoyed me to learn I had not been an attentive enough reader to realize that something undisclosed that was going on in Naipaul 's real life .
Should I not have known ?
It was little comfort to know that I was not alone .
Hilary Spurling , the distinguished biographer of a number of artists and writers , told French that Naipaul 's " strange character and stranger career , coupled with rumors about his triangular private life , mystified people who knew him almost as much as people who did n't . "
Still the question remains .
What does it matter that Larkin sneered in his letters and conversation ( fearfully and fretfully , it seems to me ) about foreigners and women , that Naipaul made selfish use of people from the beginning of his life , and no doubt continues to do so now ?
What does it matter that Dickens knew what it was like to be dependent and abandoned as a boy , but made sure that his wife would suffer the same fate ?
It is this .
The weakness of character of Dickens , Larkin and Naipaul comes from the same source that drives their art ( in contrast to Cheever 's alcoholism and priapism does not ) .
What drove the three writers to punish - to hurt quite a few people who were close to Dickens and ( if French and Naipaul are right ) virtually everyone who came within reach of Naipaul - drove them to their desk every day .
Without Naipaul 's ruthlessness about using others as means not ends , there would be no Naipaul .
And Dickens ?
He gave an interview in 1862 to a young Russian journalist named Fyodor Dostoevsky which Slater guesses Dickens thought would never see the light of day :
" He told me that all the good simple people in his novels [ like Little Nell ] are what he wanted to have been , and his villains were what he was ( or rather , what he found in himself ) , his cruelty , his attacks of causeless enmity towards those who were helpless and looked to him for comfort , his shrinking from those whom he ought to live , being used up in what he wrote .
There were two people in him , he told me : one who feels as he ought to feel and one who feels the opposite .
From the one who feels the opposite I make my evil characters , from the one who feels as a man ought to feel I try to live my life . "
This self - knowledge does not excuse Dickens - or Naipaul - for how they seem to have treated others .
But if we can't be good - and it seems that we can't - then it's not a bad thing to try to make something out of what is missing in us , or at least to see how others do it .
And if we readers are complicitous - well , that 's not a bad thing either .
So I intend to read Naipaul 's " Mimic Men " next , as an exercise in shedding my own more superfluous illusions .
Chinese cooking oil siphoned from restaurants ’ waste tanks and stripped out of raw sewage is being resold on the cheap and has for years tainted approximately one out of every ten meals cooked in the eastern nation , according to a recent study .
The revelation , first noted by state media , sent Chinese health inspectors into a snit as they scrambled to reassure the public that the claims were being investigated .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ He Dongping , a professor at the Wuhan Polytechnic University , has been studying the problem for seven years , ” newspaper Epoch Times noted .
“ According to China Youth Daily , he found that China recycles an estimated two million to three million tons of waste oil per year .
Combining that figure with the estimated 22.5 million tons of total vegetable oil and animal fat consumed by the Chinese per year , it is estimated that 10 percent is returning to people ’s dining tables . ”
The only apparent difference between the toxic sewage oil and normal oil is the remarkable price difference , with the tainted cooking stock selling for approximately half the price of its legitimate competitor .
“ In addition to an effective method of detection having yet to be found , the difficulty is compounded once the illegal oil has been blended into ordinary ones , ” state media China Daily reported .
The ‘ illegal cooking oil ’ is usually made from discarded kitchen waste that has been refined [ after being sieved out of raw sewage ] .
Although it looks clean and clear , it actually contains toxic substances , including ‘ aflatoxin ’ , which can cause cancer . ”
“ Aflatoxins are toxic metabolites produced by certain fungi in / on foods and feeds , ” according to Cornell University .
“ They are probably the best known and most intensively researched mycotoxins in the world .
Aflatoxins have been associated with various diseases , such as aflatoxicosis , in livestock , domestic animals and humans throughout the world .
The occurence of aflatoxins is influenced by certain environmental factors ; hence the extent of contamination will vary with geographic location , agricultural and agronomic practices , and the susceptibility of commodities to fungal invasion during preharvest , storage , and / or processing periods . ”
The state - run China Daily news agency encourages consumers to be suspicious , recommending that buyers “ taste ” the cancer - causing substance before making a purchase .
ADVERTISEMENT
The International Agency for Research on Cancer has identified aflatoxin B1 has a confirmed carcinogen in humans .
China ’s State Food and Drug Administration has vowed to close down any eatery found using tainted cooking oil .
This most recent food safety scandal comes on the heels of a devastating episode in which hundreds of thousands of Chinese infants were poisoned in 2008 by the chemical melamine , which had been used as a spacing ingredient in baby formula .
ADVERTISEMENT
China consumes over 22 million tons of cooking oil each year , according to the study .
Law - abiding U.S. citizens who express politically unpopular views are at risk of being rounded up and imprisoned in concentration camps by a tyrannical government .
That ’s according to a conspiracy theory that has long been popular within the antigovernment “ Patriot ” movement .
Although recently debunked by Popular Mechanics , Newsweek ( which called it “ too silly to discuss ” ) , CNN ’s “ American Morning , ” the Southern Poverty Law Center ’s Intelligence Report and even ( after promoting it on several shows ) FOX News host Glenn Beck , the myth that the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) is creating detention facilities for political dissidents is gaining traction on the far - right fringe .
Now , however , a mainstream media source is providing an uncritical platform for FEMA camp lore : KBDI Colorado Public Television aired the video “ Camp FEMA : American Lockdown ” twice last weekend and has scheduled another showing for March 13 .
The 90 - minute film opens with newsreel footage of Japanese - Americans being forced into internment camps during World War II and then trots out conspiracy die -hards who suggest that freethinking Americans today may face the same fate .
Those featured include syndicated radio host Alex Jones , who frets about one - world government at Infowars.com ; longtime Patriot broadcaster John Stadtmiller , who insisted after the Oklahoma City bombing that the U.S. government was behind the mass murder ; and James Lane of the Patriot group We Are Change , which does not believe that al - Qaeda perpetrated the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
Not unreasonably , “ Camp FEMA ” producer Gary Franchi sees the recognition from a major PBS market as a coup for believers in the camps .
“ I think it definitely lends credence to the issue , ” he told Hatewatch .
( Though some Patriot movement beliefs have roots in white supremacy — including the FEMA camp story , whose early proponents included the anti-Jewish Posse Comitatus — Franchi said his group is not anti-Semitic , racist or antigovernment . )
Since its release last year , “ Camp FEMA ” has been available for purchase on its website ( cost : $ 14.95 ) .
But during its March 6 public television debut as part of KBDI ’s current fundraising campaign , the film had the potential to reach over 200,000 households , mostly in the Denver metropolitan area , according to KBDI Membership Director / Executive Producer Shari Bernson .
In addition , Franchi , who heads the Illinois - based Patriot group RestoreTheRepublic.com , traveled to KBDI ’s studios to discuss his film on air with Bernson and Denver - based talk show host Mike Zinna .
“ It was our most successful pledge program since we rolled out this pledge drive last Thursday , ” Bernson said .
“ We were flooded with calls . ”
Those calls were overwhelmingly positive , Bernson said , but some people took issue with KBDI ’s decision to air the show .
“ I ’ve had people say it ’s not news , it ’s not journalism , ” she said .
“ Does everything that airs on TV fall into that category ?
The bigger story is why are there so many conspiracy theories and why are so many people interested in them right now . ”
Bernson said KBDI is dedicated to airing a broad range of perspectives and frequently features independent programming outside the PBS pipeline .
( The station also runs disclaimers with shows saying they do n’t represent the views of KBDI , its board of directors or employees . )
“ I think that people deserve access to information , ” she said .
“ I believe people are smart enough to make their own decisions about what they see and hear . ”
Moreover , airing the show helped bring in donations .
“ It was also a fundraising success , ” she said , “ and fundraising is really tough right now .
You ’ve got to find something that ’s resonating with a large enough niche that it ’s really going to create some momentum to help us make our financial goals . ”
“ Camp FEMA ” was shown alongside another video , “ America : Freedom to Fascism ” by the late Aaron Russo , who founded Restore the Republic ( now run by Franchi ) .
That 2006 film contends that a powerful group of bankers took control of the U.S. government by perpetuating “ two frauds ” : the federal income tax and the central banking system known as the Federal Reserve .
The New York Times debunked the film ’s arguments in a July 2006 article and reported that the IRS had filed $ 2 million in tax liens against Russo .
The alternative weekly Portland Mercury went further , calling the film “ half - baked ” and “ hole - ridden . ”
The film also peddles the popular Patriot conspiracy that the government could use tiny microchips to track people .
Yet KBDI has shown “ Freedom to Fascism ” several times since 2007 , when one of the station ’s viewers walked in with a copy .
“ It was one of our top - performing programs for over two years , ” Bernson said .
The station invited Franchi to its studio last year to discuss the film during a fundraising drive ; a local banker was also brought in to present the other side .
KBDI drew criticism from The Denver Post for airing that film , along with two documentaries promoting Sept. 11 conspiracy theories , during a pledge drive last summer .
“ 9/11 : Press for Truth ” and “ 9/11 : Blueprint for Truth , ” which suggests that Sept. 11 was an inside job , both did well as fundraisers , Bernson said .
But not everyone was happy .
Jacob Gore of Aurora , Colo. , who had been a small contributor to KBDI for a couple of years , told Hatewatch he stopped watching the station after it aired the Sept. 11 programs .
“ I ca n’t believe I ’m seeing this on public television , ” he recalls thinking at the time .
In a comment posted on KBDI ’s website , he also asked to be taken off the station ’s mailing list .
“ I ’m sure when sanity returns to KBDI , ” he wrote , “ I will hear about it through the usual channels ( the microchip implanted into me by the government , of course . ) ”
jcotton is a framework for drawing and animating using an html canvas .
It contains a simple to read and write interface that allows properties and animations to be chained together .
Simple shapes such as squares and rectangles ( even with rounded corners ) are trivial to create and animate , and even more complex shapes with curves are possible .
Text can be added ( and animated ) with ease , including text wrapping .
Check out the tutorials to see the kind of things that jcotton can do along side the source that is used to do them .
If you are instead up for something a bit more flashy , check out the example to see a more " finished " product .
Download jcotton.js .
Compatibilty :
The Utah state legislature passed a bill recently that could make it illegal for a woman to have a miscarriage .
The bill , currently on the Republican governor ’s desk awaiting his signature , came as a reaction to a bizarre and sad incident in the state .
A pregnant 17 - year - old hired a man to beat her up so she would have a miscarriage .
The man kicked her repeatedly in the stomach and was arrested for the assault .
The 17 - year - old did not have a miscarriage , but gave birth to a health baby who was adopted by a couple .
A sad situation indeed , many would say , and then they ’d turn around and ask , “ But is it necessary to spend taxpayer dollars on writing a law that would criminalize miscarriage , and even pregnancy ? ”
With a possible environmental catastrophe concerning depleted uranium from a government cleanup in South Carolina being buried in Utah , Salt Lake City facing a “ barren , bleeding and bleak ” budget , a half a dozen water companies not compliant with state conservation law , public education getting slashed and jobless rates , while lower than the national average , still a worry , it would seem that Utah lawmakers would be too busy with other issues .
Apparently , they are n’t too busy to criminalize pregnant women .
All pregnancies carry the risk of miscarriage , from a wide range of causes , genetic and environmental , and often the cause simply ca n’t be determined .
The bill , if signed into law , would mean any pregnant woman who miscarries could be a murder suspect .
The bill says if the woman behaves in an “ intentional , knowing or reckless ” way as to commit a miscarriage ( abortion is legal in Utah , but inducing a miscarriage is seen as an illegal abortion ) she could be sent to prison for life for criminal homicide .
What would reckless be ?
Many have voiced concern about that definition , and who will define it .
The ACLU , in a letter to Utah Gov. Gary Herbert urging him to veto the bill , says , “ knowing ” or “ reckless ” could mean not wearing a seat belt in a car and getting in an accident that results in miscarriage .
Just about anything could be defined as reckless by a prosecutor .
“ Prosecutors have a lot of discretion , and miscarriage is a sad but common event in connection with pregnancy , ” said Nancy Northup , president of the Center for Reproductive Rights , as reported in The New York Times .
“ This bill would cast suspicion , potentially , on every single miscarriage . ”
Moreover , if a woman has a substance abuse problem , or is in an abusive situation , and has a miscarriage , it will prevent her from getting the help she needs , health care and human rights groups say .
National Advocates For Pregnant Women , a New York - based human rights group says , “ Threatening pregnant women with arrest is bad for babies .
Babies have the best birth outcomes when their mothers are not afraid to come in for health care , not afraid to talk honestly to their health care providers , and when they can find the right kind of help for their problems .
“ This is one reason why every medical group in the country to address the issue , including the March of Dimes and the American Academy of Pediatrics , opposes prosecution of pregnant women . ”
If the Utah bill had already been law , that desperate 17 - year - old , who wound up having a healthy baby , would have been arrested , putting that baby at risk , according to the experts .
Readers can sign a petition to the governor urging him to veto the H.B. 12 “ criminal homicide ” bill .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/yourdon/
/ CC BY -SA 2.0
premium_icon
On the loose : Manhunt as pair escape cops after woman shot
Breaking
Two men remain on the run and police are “ confident ” one of them has escaped a large cordoned - off area manned by heavily armed officers after a woman was shot in a car north of Brisbane .
Police say they have sighted the man who broke the cordon but do not know where the second man is .
Mind that age !
This blog post is 10 years old !
Most likely , its content is outdated .
Especially if it 's technical .
In lack of a fancier solution here 's how I solved a problem of knowing who was logged in when an error occurred .
I 'm building a Intranet like system for a close group of people and if an error occurs I get an email that reminds me to add more tests .
So I fix the bugs and upgrade the server .
But I often want to know what poor sucker was logged in at the time the exception happened so that I can email them and say something like " Hi !
I noticed your stumbled across a bug .
My bad .
Just wanted to let you know I 've fixed that now "
So to do this I installed a silly little piece of middleware :
from django.conf import settings class ExceptionExtraMiddleware ( object ) : def process_exception ( self , request , exception ) : if settings .
DEBUG : return try : logged_in_info = '' if request .
user and request .
user .
is_authenticated ( ) : logged_in_info = " %s " % request .
user if request .
user .
email : logged_in_info += ' %s ' % request .
user .
email if request .
user .
first_name or request .
user .
last_name : logged_in_info += ' ( %s %s ) ' % \ ( request .
user .
first_name , request .
user .
last_name ) if logged_in_info : request .
META [ ' ERROR-X- LOGGED -IN ' ] = logged_in_info except : # do n't make matters worse in these sensitive times logging .
debug ( " Unable to debug who was logged in " , exc_info = True )
This means that when I get an email with the traceback and snapshot of the request object I get this included :
... ' ERROR-X-LOGGED-IN ' : u'anita ( Anita Test ) ' , ...
UPDATE
The code above had a bug in it .
Doing an if on request.user will return true even if there is no logged in user .
The safest thing is to change it to :
if request .
user and request .
user . is_authenticated ( ) :
Related posts
The Microsoft logo hangs from a window during the grand opening of Microsoft 's first retail store in Scottsdale , Arizona October 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott
SEATTLE ( Reuters ) - Microsoft Corp said on Tuesday it struck a licensing deal with phone handset maker HTC Corp , under which it will get royalty payments on HTC phones running Google Inc ’s Android operating system .
Microsoft , which holds a wide range of software patents , did not say exactly what technology in the phones the agreement concerns .
The deal comes as smartphones using Google ’s new operating system -- which Google allows phone makers to use for free -- gain in popularity .
Microsoft charges handset makers like HTC and others to use its Windows phone software .
The smartphone market is riven with legal disputes as software companies and handset makers wrangle over who deserves compensation for technology behind new devices which go well beyond traditional mobile phones .
In March , Apple Inc sued HTC over its Android phones , accusing it of infringing 20 hardware and software patents related to the iPhone .
HTC makes a number of Android - powered phones , including the Google - branded Nexus One .
Tuesday ’s deal signals that Microsoft is not likely to start a similar legal patent dispute with HTC over Android phones .
Licensing arrangements are standard procedure for Microsoft , which has similar deals with more than 600 companies .
President Obama 's remarks in support of taking DNA upon arrest have some experts worried .
Obama backs DNA test in arrests
President Barack Obama ’s embrace of a national database to store the DNA of people arrested but not necessarily convicted of a crime is heartening to backers of the policy but disappointing to criminal - justice reformers , who view it as an invasion of privacy .
Others also worry the practice would adversely affect minorities .
Advertisement
In an interview aired Saturday on “ America ’s Most Wanted , ” Obama expressed strong agreement as host John Walsh extolled the virtues of collecting DNA at the time of an arrest and putting it into a single , national database .
“ We have 18 states who are taking DNA upon arrest , ” Walsh said .
“ It ’s no different than fingerprinting or a booking photo .
...
Since those states have been doing it , it has cleared 200 people that are innocent from jail . ”
“ It ’s the right thing to do , ” Obama replied .
“ This is where the national registry becomes so important , because what you have is individual states — they may have a database , but if they ’re not sharing it with the state next door , you ’ve got a guy from Illinois driving over into Indiana , and they ’re not talking to each other . ”
Erin Runnion , whose 5 - year - old daughter Samantha was murdered in 2002 , was delighted at Obama ’s remarks .
“ I am thrilled that the president seems to be supportive of DNA upon felony arrest .
I think we ’ll prevent future crimes across this country by doing it , ” she said .
“ I ’m absolutely 100 percent in favor of it . ”
Some opponents of the idea , though , were taken aback .
“ I ’m actually surprised he would give an answer like that , ” said Deborah Peterson Small of Break the Chains , which studies the impact of drug laws on minority groups .
“ I ’d think he and people around him would know that collecting DNA samples from arrestees is more controversial than collecting it from people who ’ve been convicted . ”
“ It ’s a horrible idea — tremendously invasive , ” said Bill Quigley of the Center for Constitutional Rights , who also disputed Walsh ’s claim that DNA is no different from fingerprints .
“ It ’s like a hair sample , looking at your health care records and everything else , ” Quigley said .
“ It ’s like giving a blank check to the government — a blank check they can cash anytime they feel like it . ”
In a provocative report two years ago , titled “ Building Jim Crow ’s Database , ” Small and other critics charged that DNA - upon - arrest provisions disproportionately affect minorities because they are more likely to be arrested , even if not convicted .
“ It ’s racially incredibly skewed , ” she said .
A White House spokesman declined to explain or elaborate on Obama ’s remarks .
In 2004 , Californians overwhelmingly passed a ballot measure requiring DNA testing , usually by a swab inside the cheek , for all felony arrests and some others .
And in New York City , Mayor Michael Bloomberg has sought to go even further , proposing DNA tests for everyone arrested in the city , even for misdemeanors .
Just days before Obama took office , the Bush administration implemented a 2006 law to take DNA from federal arrestees , including immigration detainees .
Court challenges to DNA - upon - arrest programs are under way , encountering mixed results .
The federal system and many states allow arrestees to seek to remove their DNA from the database when they are acquitted or never charged .
But officials say such requests are rarely made .
Criminologist James Fox of Northeastern University in Boston said he was surprised by Obama ’s comment on DNA - upon - arrest and by his decision even to do an interview with the crime - focused TV show .
“ There ’s always been controversy about ‘ America ’s Most Wanted , ’ not just among civil libertarians but [ also among ] criminologists , about telling the public to be on the lookout for a guy who looks like this fellow , ” Fox said .
Walsh stressed in the exchange with Obama that his show is “ not about Americans being vigilantes or anything like that . ”
Fox also said he would n’t recommend DNA - upon - arrest to Obama as a priority .
“ I ’d much rather see him deal with ballistic fingerprinting and repeal of the Tiahrt Amendment , ” which limits gun tracing , Fox said .
Small said Obama ’s comments in the interview underscored her concern that the administration has n’t done much to root out unfairness in the criminal - justice system .
“ I supported Obama .
I still support Obama , ” she said .
“ I ’m very disappointed .
He ’s done next to nothing in the area of criminal - justice reform . ”
Great news for all the players and Mac users out there : Steam for Mac is finally available in private beta , and we ’ve received the first screenshots of the application .
Check them out after the break .
The application seems very similar to the Windows counterpart , and it retains the same and usual dark color scheme of Valve .
You can access all your games in the Library and browse the Store , but we have n’t been able to get any screenshots of available games yet .
Update with video , courtesy of 9to5 Mac :
The LA Galaxy announced today that the club will host Club Atlético Boca Juniors , one of the world ’s most recognizable clubs , in an international friendly on Sunday , May 23 at The Home Depot Center .
The Argentine giants ’ honors comprise of 23 Primera División de Argentina domestic championships and 18 international trophies , a record which is equaled only by A.C. Milan and includes six Copa Libertadores titles .
The game will kick - off at 5 p.m. and Galaxy full Season Ticket Holders will be able to use their Bonus Game B tickets for the match .
Additionally , there will be a special pre-sale for all full season ticket holders beginning on Wednesday , April 28 at 10 a.m .
Tickets will then go on sale to the general public starting on Friday , April 30 at 10 a.m. with tickets starting at just $ 20 by calling 1- 877- 3GALAXY ( 342-5299 ) or by visiting www.lagalaxy.com and at all Ticketmaster locations .
“ We are very excited to be hosting Argentina ’s Boca Juniors , who are one of the most prestigious clubs in the world with an incredible tradition of winning championships , ” said LA Galaxy President of Business Operations Tom Payne .
“ It is a thrilling game for our fans and one that will feature Argentina ’s Riquelme and Palermo , and continues our commitment to provide our fans the chance to see the Galaxy face off against some of the best international competition . ”
Boca Juniors ’ roster always includes some of the best players in Argentina and South America and this season is no exception with the likes of midfielders Juan Román Riquelme and Sebastián Battaglia and forwards Martín Palermo and Nicolás Gaitán of Argentina , midfielder Gary Medel of Chile and defender Claudio Morel of Paraguay leading an attack that is currently third in the Primera División in goals scored .
Riquelme , who made his professional debut with Boca Juniors at the age of 18 , has long been considered one of the best footballers of his generation .
In 1997 , he captained Argentina to the FIFA U - 20 World Cup championship , setting off an international career that includes three World Cups , a gold medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and six years in Spain ’s La Liga , where during the 2005 / 06 season he helped Villarreal reached the UEFA Champions League semifinals .
Riquelme returned to Boca Juniors in 2008 and promptly captained the squad to that year ’s Apertura title .
Known for being a club that plays an attractive style of soccer , Boca Juniors have helped to produce some of the greatest players in the history of Argentine soccer , including Diego Maradona , Carlos Tevez , Riquelme and many more .
Their game against the Galaxy – the first ever meeting between the two sides – is the first of their U.S.
Tour , details of which will be announced shortly .
The Boca Juniors USA Tour is being organized by the Professional Soccer Network .
The Los Angeles - based PSN is a sports management company that specializes in producing soccer matches with National Teams and professional soccer clubs in 20 countries .
They also manage talent in the sports agency side of their business , with players in MLS and across the globe .
This weekend , a new chapter in Galaxy history will be written when the club hosts the Philadelphia Union for the first time in club history on Saturday , May 1 at 7:30 p.m. at The Home Depot Center .
The Union , Major League Soccer ’s newest club , features ex-Galaxy players Danny Califf , Stefani Miglioranzi and Alejandro Moreno .
Tickets for the game against the Union and all other Galaxy games , including the one against Boca Juniors , can be purchased by visiting www.lagalaxy.com or calling 1-877-3GALAXY ( 342-5299 ) .
Free of Charge Editing
We stand by our work but in case there is a need we provide free of charge editing service until our client gets satisfied .
We always make ourselves sure with all the technical and design aspects before sending the final digitize file to our clients View more Less more
Activists want to protect land that is being cleared for pasture
A Brazilian land reform activist has been killed in the Amazon state of Para amid ongoing land disputes in the area .
Police said two men on motorbikes shot Pedro Alcantara de Souza five times in the head as he was riding a bicycle .
Mr Souza , the head of a union of landless farmers in Para , had led the occupations of large farms by peasants .
American nun Dorothy Stang was killed in the same region in 2005 , after she had spent three decades working with peasants and small farmers there .
Contract killings
Mr Souza was the president of the small farmers ' union in the town of Rendencao and had previously served for 14 years as the city councillor .
The police say his killing was carried out by hired gunmen , the BBC's Paulo Cabral reports From Sao Paulo .
No arrests have yet been made .
Mr Souza was shot just hours after the trial was delayed of the landowner accused of ordering the murder of Dorothy Stang , 73 .
Vitalmiro Bastos Moura was originally convicted for the killing in 2007 .
The verdict was overturned a year later , but he is now due to face a third trial .
There were 20 documented killings in 2008 linked to land issues in the Amazon , a survey by the Catholic Church showed .
Brazil 's agrarian reform laws state that unused farmland can be taken by the government and distributed among landless farmers .
There have been some improvements in recent years , but severe inequality persists - government figures show that nearly half the arable land in Brazil belongs to just 1 % of the population .
Rock warriors the Hold Steady have a new album , Heaven Is Whenever , dropping May 3 in Europe ( via Rough Trade ) and one day later in North America ( via Vagrant ) .
You can stream the whole thing over at NPR .
And now the band is ready to take its new songs to the road .
Brooklyn Vegan reports that they 've added two new touring members , guitarist Steve Selvidge and keyboardist Dan Neustadt , since the departure of keyboardist Franz Nicolay .
That new six - man lineup will hit venues across North America and Europe this summer , as well as one in Hawaii .
Dates below .
The Hold Steady :
05-03 Los Angeles , CA - Grammy Museum
05 -04 Solana Beach , CA - Belly Up Tavern #
05-05 Los Angeles , CA - El Rey #*
05 -06 San Francisco , CA - The Fillmore #*
05-08 Honolulu , HI - Next Door
05 -22-23 Orlando , FL - The Social ^
05 - 25 Savannah , GA - Live Wire Music Hall ^
05 - 26 Athens , GA - 40 Watt Club ^
05 - 27 Atlanta , GA - Variety Playhouse ^
05 - 29 George , WA - Sasquatch Festival
06 - 12 Newport , England - Isle of Wight Festival
06 - 14 Paris , France - Fleche D'Or
06 -15 Cologne , Germany - Gebaude 9
06 - 16 Berlin , Germany - Frannz Club
06 - 17 Munich , Germany - 59.1
06 -19 Neuhausen ob Eck , Germany - Southside Festival
06 - 20 Scheessel , Germany - Hurricane Festival
06 - 21 Amsterdam , Netherlands - Melkweg
06 - 22 London , England - HMV Forum
06 - 24 Vitoria , Spain - Azkena Rock Festival
06 - 26 Manchester , England - Academy 2
06 - 27 Pilton , England - Glastonbury
07-01 Milwaukee , WI - Summerfest
07-02 Hayward , WI - Lac Courte Oreilles Casino $
07-03 Minneapolis , MN - Cabooze Outdoor Stage $
07-04 Minneapolis , MN - First Avenue $
07-06 Omaha , NE - Slowdown $
07-07 Denver , CO - Ogden Theatre $
07-08 Santa Fe , NM - Santa Fe Brewing Company $
07 -10 Dallas , TX - Granada
Theater $
07 -11 Memphis , TN - Hi-Tone Cafe $
07 - 12 Knoxville , TN - The Square Room $
07 - 14 Columbus , OH - Newport Music Hall $
07 -15 Pontiac , MI - Crofoot Ballroom $
07 - 16 Toronto , Ontario - Kool Haus $
10 - 07 New York , NY - Beacon Theatre
with the Donkeys
​ “ It ’s an idea whose time has come , ” said Douglas Hiatt , co-author of Initiative 1068 , which would legalize marijuana in Washington State .
And now it ’s time for voters to take matters into their own hands , according to Hiatt .
“ This year , one in six legislators sponsored marijuana reform legislation , ” the activist attorney said Tuesday at a press conference on the steps of the Capitol Building in Olympia .
“ And again this year , major reform did not get out of committee , ” Hiatt said .
“ So we formed Sensible Washington and wrote an initiative that removes the criminal and civil penalties for adults . ”
Every poll taken shows that if I - 1068 gets on the ballot , it will win .
Washington voters support sensible marijuana laws .
Tuesday ’s press conference detailed a wide and diverse array of endorsements , from former Seattle Police Chief Norm Stamper to Republican legislator Toby Nixon .
CHILDREN who commit sex offences are no different from other juvenile offenders and should not be placed on sex offenders ' registers or carry the burden of a criminal record for life , a visiting expert says .
Elizabeth Letourneau , an associate professor in the department of psychiatry and behavioural science at the Medical University of South Carolina , said adolescent sex offenders generally did not go on to commit sex offences as adults .
'' These are not short paedophiles , '' she said .
'' Adolescent sex crime is not a good predictor of adult sex crime . ''
Dr Letourneau was the keynote speaker at a conference last week of the Australian and New Zealand Association for the Treatment of Sexual Abuse .
She has lent her voice to proposed changes to the NSW Criminal Records
Act that would have juvenile sex offenders freed from the shadow of their history .
The Attorney - General , John Hatzistergos , has asked the Legislative Council 's standing committee on law and justice to inquire into a possible amendment to the law .
Public hearings began last week .
Vote for Me ( Dave ) -- Or Else
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Supreme Court struck down on Tuesday a U.S. law that bans videos depicting animal cruelty , ruling the measure violated constitutional free - speech rights .
People stand at the foot of the steps of the Supreme Court in Washington , May 20 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Molly Riley
The high court ’s 8 - 1 ruling was a victory for free - speech advocates and a defeat for the federal government and for groups like the Humane Society of the United States .
Congress adopted the law in 1999 in an attempt to stop people from profiting by the interstate sale of depictions of torture and killing of animals .
It was mainly aimed at “ crush ” videos in which women in high - heeled shoes step on small animals as a type of sexual fetish .
Opponents of the law had argued it was too broad and too vague , making illegal some videos of blood sports like bullfighting or hunting and even some documentaries .
They said it should be struck down as a form of government censorship .
Writing for the court majority , Chief Justice John Roberts said the law was too broad and therefore invalid under the free - speech protections in the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution .
While the prohibition of animal cruelty has a long history in American law , there is no evidence of a similar tradition prohibiting depictions of such cruelty , Roberts said .
Roberts refused to carve out a new category of speech unprotected by the First Amendment .
The court created the last exception , involving child pornography , more than 25 years ago .
David Horowitz , executive director of a group called the Media Coalition , applauded the ruling .
“ If the court were to rewrite the First Amendment every time an unpopular or distasteful subject was at issue , we would n’t have any free speech left , ” he said .
HUMANE SOCIETY CALLS FOR NEW LAW
Wayne Pacelle , president of the Humane Society of the United States , urged Congress to adopt a more narrowly crafted law .
“ Congress should act swiftly to make sure the First Amendment is not used as a shield for those committing barbaric acts of cruelty , and then peddling their videos on the Internet , ” Pacelle said .
The court ruled for Robert Stevens of Virginia , who made and sold three videos of pit bulls fighting each other and attacking hogs and wild boars .
His 2005 conviction was the first in the country under the law .
Stevens was sentenced to 37 months in prison , but he has yet to start his sentence while his case was on appeal .
Attorneys for Stevens said his sentence was 14 months longer than professional football player Michael Vick ’s prison term for running a dog- fighting ring .
Vick has served his sentence and has resumed his career .
Laws in all 50 states and the District of Columbia , along with various other federal laws , already ban animal cruelty .
U.S. Justice Department lawyers had argued animal cruelty videos should be treated like child pornography , not entitled to any constitutional protection .
Usually , videos and other depictions are protected as free speech , even if they show abhorrent conduct .
Only Justice Samuel Alito dissented .
He said the law could be validly applied to at least two broad categories of expression -- “ crush ” videos and dog- fighting videos .
Alito said the law was adopted to prevent horrific acts of animal cruelty , not to suppress speech .
“ The First Amendment protects freedom of speech , but it almost certainly does not protect violent criminal conduct , ” he wrote .
The Supreme Court case is United States v. Stevens , No. 08-769 .
A new study from MIT neuroscientists suggests that our ability to respond appropriately to intended harms -- that is , with outrage toward the perpetrator -- is seated in a brain region associated with regulating emotions .
Patients with damage to this brain area , known as the ventromedial prefrontal cortex ( VMPC ) , are unable to conjure a normal emotional response to hypothetical situations in which a person tries , but fails , to kill another person .
Therefore , they judge the situation based only on the outcome , and do not hold the attempted murderer morally responsible .
The finding offers a new piece to the puzzle of how the human brain constructs morality , says Liane Young , a postdoctoral associate in MIT 's Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences and lead author of a paper describing the findings in the March 25 issue of the journal Neuron .
" We 're slowly chipping away at the structure of morality , " says Young .
" We 're not the first to show that emotions matter for morality , but this is a more precise look at how emotions matter . "
How they did it : Working with researchers at the University of Southern California , led by Antonio Damasio , Young studied a group of nine patients with damage ( caused by aneurisms or tumors ) to the VMPC , a plum - sized area located behind and above the eyes .
Such patients have difficulty processing social emotions such as empathy or embarrassment , but " they have a perfectly intact capacity for reasoning and other cognitive functions , " says Young .
The researchers gave the subjects a series of 24 hypothetical scenarios and asked for their reactions .
The scenarios of most interest to the researchers were ones featuring a mismatch between the person 's intention and the outcome -- either failed attempts to harm or accidental harms .
When confronted with failed attempts to harm , the patients had no problems understanding the perpetrator 's intentions , but they failed to hold them morally responsible .
The patients even judged attempted harms as more permissible than accidental harms ( such as accidentally poisoning someone ) -- a reversal of the pattern seen in normal adults .
" They can process what people are thinking and their intentions , but they just do n't respond emotionally to that information , " says Young .
" They can read about a murder attempt and judge it as morally permissible because no harm was done . "
This supports the idea that making moral judgments requires at least two processes -- a logical assessment of the intention , and an emotional reaction to it .
The study also supports the theory that the emotional component is seated in the VMPC .
Next steps :
Young hopes to study patients who incurred damage to the VMPC when they were younger , to see if they have the same impaired judgment .
She also plans to study patient reactions to situations where the harmful attempts may be directed at the patient and therefore are more personal .
As I noted earlier , I do n’t think there ’s any question that when the conversation about Michael Steele starts going to whether and how much Steele is spending frivolously , likes the living the high - life and is living large on other people ’s money , that race is there in the mix .
It ca n’t not be .
But let ’s be honest : everything about Michael Steele ’s tenure running the RNC is about race .
Michael Steele got the job for one reason : Republicans needed someone who could be the point man for bashing Barack Obama while being immune not only from charges of racism but any discussion of the fact that the current GOP is a party made up pretty much 100 % of white folks .
As is common with Republicans , Steele is the mirror image , ersatz Obama .
Whatever else you can say about the 44th president , in the 2008 campaign and to a great degree still , he was a phenomenon , a meteoric political figure whose power on the political stage was much greater than the sum of his parts .
In different ways race played into the Obama phenomenon .
But Republicans were always basically full of it and barking up the wrong tree when they tried to claim either that Democrats picked Barack Obama because he was black or that he was winning because he was black .
So what did the Republicans do : turn around and hire someone to lead their party pretty much for the sole reason that he was black .
As is so often the case , the critics of racial progress , because they do n’t comprehend it , resort to a parody of it .
Steele was hired because he was black .
And the other truth is that now he ca n’t be fired , in significant measure , because he ’s black .
Because canning Steele now would only drive home the reality that Republicans were trying to paper over , fairly clumsily , when they hired him in the first place .
So Republicans are stuck with his myriad goofs and #pressfails and incompetent management and all the rest because of a set of circumstances entirely of their own making .
ORLANDO , Fla . --
Even on a day off , Dwight Howard can antagonize officials enough to draw a penalty .
The Orlando Magic center was fined $ 35,000 by the NBA on Wednesday for criticizing officials on his blog , the second time this season he 's been penalized for posting such comments .
Howard was in chronic foul trouble and constantly complaining about officiating in the Magic 's series sweep over Charlotte .
He fouled out in the last two games , played only 105 minutes and committed 22 fouls in four games .
" I 'm not looking to say anything to get myself in trouble with the league , but I just do n't see other star players getting called for fouls the way I get them , " Howard posted on his blog .
" No star player in the league is outta games the way I am . "
NBA commissioner David Stern has grown tired of all the griping and vowed to crack down on critical comments , challenging players and coaches last week to " make my day " by continuing to complain during the rest of the playoffs .
The Magic have thus far been the prime example .
Coach Stan Van Gundy and forward Matt Barnes were fined $ 35,000 each last week for criticizing officials and publicly questioning their calls on Howard .
Orlando's All - Star center also was fined $ 15,000 in November for similar comments on his blog , although those were light compared to his latest post .
" I mean , it was almost comical at times how I was getting fouls called on me , " Howard wrote .
" There was nothing I could do [ out ] there and I felt like I could n't even move without getting that whistle blown on me . "
The Magic were off Tuesday and Wednesday .
They will face the winner of the Atlanta - Milwaukee series in the second round .
Scientists think they 've finally found the real location of a city called Neta 'im mentioned in the Bible .
Based on its proximity to another biblical town , and archaeological ruins dating from the time of the biblical King David 's rule , researchers think Neta 'im might have been located at the modern site called Khirbet Qeiyafa , in Israel .
Khirbet Qeiyafa contains the ruins of an ancient fortress city on top of a hill overlooking the Elah Valley .
Pottery shards and burned olive pits at the site date to about 1,000 B.C. Most scholars think King David ruled during this time .
Archaeologists have previously associated Khirbet Qeiyafa with the biblical city Sha’arayim , which means " two gates , " because of the discovery of two gates in the fortress ruins , and because Sha’arayim was also associated with King David in the Bible .
But now researchers claim this site is really Neta'im , a town mentioned in the book 1 Chronicles in the Hebrew Bible , or Old Testament .
" The inhabitants of Neta 'im were potters who worked in the king 's service and inhabited an important administrative center near the border with the Philistines " ' said Gershon Galil , a professor of biblical studies at the University of Haifa in Israel .
Galil thinks Neta'im was located at Khirbet Qeiyafa in part because it is near the modern site Khirbet Ğudraya , also near the Elah Valley , which has been identified as the biblical town of Gederah .
Both Gederah and Neta'im were mentioned in the same verse of the Bible , 1 Chronicles 4:23 : " These were the potters , the inhabitants of Neta'im and Gederah , they dwelt there in the King 's service . "
Neta 'im is only mentioned once in the Bible , and has so far remained unidentified .
In related research , Galil recently deciphered text written on a pottery shard found at Khirbet Qeiyafa , and found it was the earliest known example of Hebrew writing .
" The archeological findings at this site , the discovery of the earliest and most important Hebrew inscription to be found to date , and the understanding , based on the biblical text , that members of the Tribe of Judah inhabited the town and worked in the king 's service , testify to Khirbet Qeiyafa – Neta 'im – being an important administrative center in the border region of the Kingdom of Israel during the time of King David 's reign , " Galil said .
GANGLAND killer Carl Williams was beaten to death in a high - security prison with part of an exercise bike .
Police said an inmate struck Williams on the back of the head several times with a heavy object , believed to be " the stem of an exercise bike " .
Williams ' death at the hands of at least one other inmate at 12.50 pm ( AEST ) was captured on CCTV cameras at Barwon Prison in Victoria .
Pictures : Inside Barwon Prison
Online : Web reaction
Deputy Commissioner Sir Ken Jones said Williams was found by prison staff in his cell .
He died at 1.47 pm after sustaining head injuries and suffering a heart attack .
Victorian Police Minister Bob Cameron said there were two suspects in the murder .
One is a person of " special interest " , he said .
Earlier , a police statement said : " Police believe an altercation occurred between Williams and another inmate about 12.50 pm with Williams suffering head injuries after allegedly being struck about the head .
" A man is in custody and will be spoken to by police as part of the ongoing investigation . "
The nearest officer at the time of the bashing was about 10 m away , but was not in the same room .
Mr Cameron said that Williams , 39 , shared a unit with two men he had been " happy " with .
The three men were allowed to associate with each other for six hours a day , between 8 am and 2 pm , but were not always supervised .
" There are times when they are supervised , there are times when they are not , '' deputy corrections commissioner Rod Wise said .
Three investigations have begun into the murder : A police murder investigation ; a coronial investigation and a Corrections Victoria review .
Bad news
Carl 's father George declined to comment to the media at his Broadmeadows home .
A friend of Mr Williams ' said his mate was shattered at the loss of his son .
'' He 's not too good .
How do you think you would be , '' he said .
The friend said police came to Mr Williams house to offer support and provided no details about what happened to his son .
" They just came out to tell him he had counselling if he needed it , '' he said .
" We do n't know how he 's died or how it happened .
He wo n't talk to you so just leave him alone . ''
The friend suggested Mr Williams was angry at the death of his son .
'' You work it out , '' he said .
'' It 's supposed to be maximum security . ''
Earlier , underworld figure Mick Gatto said he had heard unconfirmed rumours about Williams having died but said that was all he had heard .
" I would rather let dead dogs lie , " he said .
" If you hear any more let me know but I would rather not comment on him . "
He said Williams was " certainly not " a friend .
Victorian Premier John Brumby said he would n't comment on the death until he had more details .
Williams , who was serving a 35 - year prison sentence for several murders , was a key player in Melbourne 's brutal underworld war that claimed about 30 lives and took police more than a decade to bring under control .
In sentencing Williams , Supreme Court judge Betty King said there were " no other appropriate penalties for crimes of this nature , gangland executions carried out ... in the presence of frightened men , women and children " .
Justice King said she was concerned Williams could become a cult hero .
" You are a killer , and a cowardly one who employed others to do the actual killing , " the judge said .
Police payroll
Meanwhile , it was revealed today by the Herald Sun that police paid the private school fees for Williams ' daughter .
The $ 8000 payment was made by Victoria Police command for Williams ' child to attend a top private school .
A letter written by the Victorian Government Solicitor 's Office , and signed by its managing principal solicitor in February , shows police admit they paid for Williams ' daughter to attend the school .
Williams ' lawyer Rob Stary said he spoke to Williams about 9 am today about the revelations in the Herald Sun .
Mr Stary said he and Williams talked " about how disturbed we were that material was being leaked to the press ' ' .
" Of course he was ( upset ) , '' Mr Stary said .
" It exposes his daughter to risk .
Of course he was concerned about that .
He was not concerned about his own wellbeing , he was concerned about her .
" I just hope that justice prevails . ''
The Herald Sun was unable , for legal reasons , to outline why the school fee payment was made .
With AAP and the Herald Sun
Apparently , there was a Star Trek interactive board game that had Klingon Chancellor Gowron shouting at you to make your next move .
But if you looped all of his shoutings together ...
We dare you to look away .
You know that bit in Raiders of the Lost Ark when Belloq — all dolled up like a very fancy priest — finally opens the Ark of the Covenant and it's both beautiful and horrible at the same time ?
Yeah , that 's pretty much what this is :
Advertisement
Not only do I desperately want to play this game , but I kinda want to retroactively offer Robert O'Reilly — the actor playing Gowron — a lozenge .
( Via Best Week Ever )
Seoul , South Korea ( CNN ) -- Juwan
Yoo was tired of calling up the old - school telephone hotline to find out when his bus would come -- and excited about the iPhone 's arrival in South Korea .
So the 17 - year - old developed the " Seoul Bus " application , which crawls public transport Web sites to give real - time updates for all bus stops in the capital and its surrounding provinces .
More than 400,000 people have downloaded the free app , Yoo told CNN .
Yoo is now affectionately known as " the high school student " to South Korean traffic researchers and officials after he ventured into intelligent transport systems ( ITS ) .
For more than a decade , South Korea and Japan have been rolling out their world - leading ITS , pouring money and political capital into ideas beyond the carpool lane .
Drivers race through expressway toll gates as their wireless wallet pays the fee , while GPS updates in half of South Korea 's 17 million registered cars tell them how many minutes delay they can expect and how to take a faster route .
Public buses are fitted with shrieking dashboard road - nannies that help drivers stay on schedule .
Millions of passengers seamlessly transfer using the ubiquitous T - Money travel card , finding their next bus or subway train on up - to - the minute electronic schedules .
" Our transportation life in Korea has much improved -- and our quality of life as well , " Kee Yeon Hwang , the director of the Korea Transport Institute ( KOTI ) , the South Korean government 's official research arm for transportation , told CNN .
By many measures , it has also saved time and money .
Average speeds on the roads of Seoul has increased from around 20 to 24 kilometers per hour in the past five years .
South Korea estimates the total savings of its ITS systems , including automatic toll collection , fewer accidents and less pollution , to be around $ 1.5 billion a year .
South Korea 's ITS has always been government - led and heavily centralized , quickly pushing the country from research to national implementation .
The funding continues unabated , to the tune of $ 230 million dollars annually until 2020 .
" The government knew exactly what it had to do .
It invested the money and led this as a government project , " Young - jun Moon , a research fellow at KOTI 's Department of Green Growth Policy and Implementation , told CNN .
" Installing fiber - optic lines along the expressways is very expensive , for just one kilometer you had to invest $ 100,000 .
We now have 3,500 kilometers of expressways , all with fiber - optic lines that are the backbone of our communications . "
The construction industry helped turn South Korea from a post - civil - war wasteland into a thriving modern economy -- and since the early 1990s , has been in partnership with information technology .
" ITS costs less than one percent of the investment necessary to build a four - lane road , " Moon said .
Most roads still get grid - locked and Japan knows the cost of its problem .
Drivers there lose 3.5 billion potential working hours to traffic jams , at an equivalent of $ 109 billion a year , according to the country 's Highway Industry Development Organization .
Meanwhile , commuters and transported goods in the U.S. are stuck for 4.2 billion hours a year -- a full work week per person at a total cost of $ 87.2 billion , according to the Department of Transport 's Research and Innovative Technology Administration .
That missed productivity could be particularly costly , as economic rival China ramps up its own investment in ITS , warns a new report from the Information Technology & Innovation Foundation ( ITFT ) , a Washington , D.C. - based think tank .
The U.S. is still stalled in the research phase and the ITIF report calls for a federal approach comparable in scale to the Interstate Highway System launched in the 1950s , with national real - time traffic information in the 100 largest cities by 2014 and a mileage - based user fee system by 2020 .
It is ironic , then , that South Korea 's traffic setup was adopted from the Intelligent Vehicle Highway System , an ITS forefather pushed by the U.S. Federal Highway Administration in the early 1990s .
" The majority of experts in Korea were educated in the United States , " says Hwang .
" We learned from the United States but we did n't see many things practiced there . "
A patchwork of state and local responsibility for U.S. roads is a hurdle , something the European Union is also facing as it seeks to introduce ITS standards .
Politicians tend to favor old school road works , fixing potholes and building new roads instead of investing in unseen technology .
The U.S. is expected to spend more than $ 500 billion dollars on surface transport infrastructure until 2015 , while the Department of Transportation 's ITS strategy for 2010 - 2014 keeps intelligent transport funding at about $ 100 million per year .
Even in South Korea , some jurisdiction tussles remain .
The National Police Agency controls the country 's traffic lights and adapts them according to drivers ' complaints rather than extensive data offered by traffic planners , Moon explained .
The government is also facing bandwidth gridlock as it attempts to switch wireless traffic communications to the world standard 5.9 GHz .
In an odd coincidence , that frequency in South Korea is heavily dominated by broadcasting companies beaming mobile TV to commuters .
There 's another , decidedly more low - tech issue .
" Driving behavior is very important .
Our car culture has not had a long history , " Hwang said , citing people running red lights .
" People often violate traffic rules but unless you keep the rules , the system cannot be workable . "
South Korean planners are looking to link the upgraded transport to the country 's next economic driver , green technology .
Still in embryo , the ideas include data systems that allow drivers to map the fastest and most eco-friendly routes .
MOGADISHU , Somalia —
The Shabab , Somalia ’s most powerful Islamist insurgent group , outlawed school bells in a southern town on Thursday after deciding that they conflicted with Islam , residents said .
School principals in the town , Jowhar , about 55 miles north of Mogadishu , the capital , had been summoned to a meeting and informed that the bells could no longer be used because they sounded like church bells , according to one principal .
“ There was no bell rung in our school today , ” said Hamdi , a student at the Kulmis Primary and Secondary School , who asked that her full name not be used out of fear for her safety .
“ Some teachers were hitting the doors as the period finished .
It is really confusing . ”
The Shabab also outlawed the observance of internationally recognized days like World AIDS Day , saying that only Islamic festivals could be recognized .
A Washington Post columnist who appeared on CBS ’
Face the Nation on Sunday described tea partiers as potentially violent and decried internet journalism as “ sort of like terrorism ”
When asked about her views on the Tea Party by host Bob Schieffer , Kathleen Parker , a Pulitzer Prize winning commentator , declared it to be dangerous :
“ … this heated rhetoric and some of these words … that are pretty loaded , ‘ reload , ’ ‘ targeting ’ … there ’s a danger there . ”
Parker said .
After describing the movement as dangerous Parker then said she was n’t saying that it was dangerous :
“ I ’m not saying the tea party people are violent or racist or any of that ….
I ’m not saying that the tea partiers are bad people or dangerous , I just think we have to be very vigilant …. and be extremely careful , because I do think there is a lot of anger and it could become something else . ”
Schieffer then injected the talking point of the internet as a source of such “ danger ” :
“ Some of this really nasty rhetoric that shows up on the Internet … .
the only vehicle to deliver news that has no editor … .
And that is the added factor to the volatility of this stuff and where it goes . ”
To which Parker replied “ It ’s , sort of , like terrorism .
You know , we do n’t know where to aim our bombs , so we ca n’t go after a country because there are -- you know , there ’s no one place to focus on it .
And it ’s the same thing with -- with the Internet .
You ca n’t really -- you do n’t know who to go after . ”
Classic .
A mainstream media fixture warning grassroots activists not to use “ loaded ” rhetoric before describing the alternative media as “ sort of like terrorism ” .
Parker , who also often appears as the token “ conservative ” pundit on The Chris Matthews Show , then further warned of hate speech emanating through internet journalism :
“ People who are not well - grounded and who may have these more violent tendencies suddenly find a place where they can convene and find validation and even find company .
And I do n’t know where that all leads , but it ’s -- it ’s , kind of , scary . ” she said .
Watch the video :
Later on in the segment , Parker accused the Tea Party of being associated with “ sort of birther attitude ” and being dominated by “ sort of fringy elements ” – a notion totally out of step with reality according to scientific national surveys of the American people .
Parker ’s column from Sunday entitled “ What Americans can do to discourage future McVeighs ” contains more of the same anti-government sentiment = extremism clap trap .
She waxes lyrical about how political anger in the current climate “ could escalate into action beyond the ballot box ” , seemingly having forgotten that for eight long years under Bush very pissed off Americans have been marching in their millions in protest of illegal foreign occupations and the erosion of domestic freedoms .
Nothing has changed , that ’s why they are still out there .
It is clear that like the rest of the establishment dinosaurs , Kathleen Parker is “ sort of ” spewing phony pre-programmed talking points .
Which is precisely what we ’ve “ sort of ” come to expect from these “ sort of ” corporate media mouthpieces .
Parker ends her column with a valuable suggestion :
“ When someone spews obscenities , shout them down .
When politicians and pundits use inflammatory language , condemn them .
When you choose to remain silent , consider yourself complicit in whatever transpires . ”
Thanks for the advice Kathleen .
The first fifteen players for the Canadian World Championship team have been announced and the roster does n't include any Oilers so far ..
I was a little bit surprised to see that Dustin Penner either was n't invited or did n't make the team but , really , this should n't be a huge shock .
One player that I had thought would make the team for sure about a month ago was Sam Gagner but with his injury to end the season , it 's probably prudent to have him sit out .
That means the most surprising omission is probably Shawn Horcoff .
I know he had tough season statistically and that the team is bringing a lot of youth to the tournament but if there 's one person out there who still really believes in Shawn Horcoff as a player , it 's probably Craig MacTavish .
It could be that Horcoff was invited and turned it down or that the team decided they did n't need him , opting for more youth , but either way , I was certainly surprised .
The one possible exception to the no-Oiler rule is Jordan Eberle who was n't named to the team but was invited to attend the pre-tournament camp from May 2nd to 6th .
Since the roster can be as large as 25 players , I would n't be surprised to see Eberle make the team , but I would be very surprised to see him dress for more than one tournament game .
Even if he does n't make the team , this is a great opportunity for him to hobnob with some great NHL players , as well as some guys like Rich Peverley who have had to work extremely hard just to get a shot at the NHL .
The fifteen players ( age in brackets ) named to the roster are :
LW Rene Bourque ( 28 ) - Calgary Flames
LW Evander Kane ( 18 ) - Atlanta Thrashers
LW Steve Ott ( 27 ) - Dallas Stars
LW Ray Whitney ( 37 ) - UFA ( Carolina Hurricanes )
RW Steve Downie ( 23 ) - Tampa Bay Lightning
RW Corey Perry ( 24 ) - Anaheim Ducks
C Rich Peverley ( 27 ) - Atlanta Thrashers
C Steven Stamkos ( 20 ) - Tampa Bay Lightning
C John Tavares ( 19 ) - New York Islanders
LD Francois Beauchemin ( 29 ) - Toronto Maple Leafs
LD Mark Giordano ( 26 ) - Calgary Flames
LD Kris Russell ( 22 ) - Columbus Blue Jackets
LD Marc Staal ( 23 ) - New York Rangers
RD Brent Burns ( 25 ) - Minnesota Wild
G Chris Mason ( 33 ) - UFA ( St. Louis Blues )
An endangered Black Rhino was poached in the Pilanesberg National Park , the first rhino to be poached in this Park in its 31 year history .
The 26 year old female , known as Suzi , was shot 4 times , one of the shots in the front leg “ knee ” joint probably to prevent her from running away or attacking , before both horns were removed by pangas .
Two holes were found in the boundary fence in a remote area of the park .
Park management immediately called in a helicopter to search the area to see if the breaches in the fence were linked to rhino poaching , when the carcass of Suzi was spotted from the air .
The gang had walked through the bush until finding Suzi where she was shot and her horns were removed .
A full forensic investigation was carried out at the scene by the South African Police Services and spent cartridges , as well as other evidence , was found .
Suzi and her calf
Poachers removed her horn with pangas ( machetes ) and the knee bullet wound is visible
To Read the Full Article , Click Here
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Daily Californian
NEW YORK - Berkeley 's student government voted to uphold the veto of abill calling for divestment from companies deemed to be complicit inIsrael 's occupation of the Palestinians .
A vote early Thursdayby the Associated Students of the University of California , Berkeleyfailed to garner the necessary two - thirds majority to overturn a vetoof the bill by students ' association President WIll Smelko , though thebill could be reconsidered as early as next week , according to a reportby the student newspaper , the Following alengthy discussion that began Wednesday night and concluded in theearly hours of Thursday , the Associated Students Senate voted 12 - 7 , with one abstention , to uphold Smelko's veto .
If passed , thebill would have required divestment of students ' association assetsfrom General Electric and United Technologies , two companies citedfrequently by Israel 's detractors for complicity in alleged war crimesand perpetuating Israel 's occupation .
The veto was uphelddespite high - profile support for the bill from South African ArchbishopDesmond Tutu and Massachusetts Institute of Technology Professor NoamChomsky .
In the wake of the initial 16 - 4 adoption of the bill in March , Jewish campus groups mobilized to engineer its defeat .
Hundreds attended the Wednesday - night session , including Israel 's consul general in San Francisco , Akiva Tor .
Following the vote , a procedural motion resulted in two more hours of discussion .
The Senate then moved to table the bill .
Despitethe inconclusive outcome , Israel 's supporters on campus pointed to thefact that in senate elections held last week , Smelko's Student Actionparty won a majority of seats after three years in which it hadsuffered sagging electoral fortunes -- a result the party interpretedas indicating substantial student opposition to divestment .
The votingremains clouded , however , by fraud allegations against Student Actionmember and Associated Students Senate President - elect Noah Stern .
A Muni Metro train struck and killed a man this afternoon at the Castro Station , San Francisco police said .
Muni halted train service in both directions between the Embarcadero and West Portal stations and moved passengers by bus .
Train service resumed at about 8 p.m .
The victim was hit by an inbound train shortly after 4:30 p.m. , police said .
He was dead when officers arrived .
Officer Samson Chan , a police spokesman , said the accident is under investigation .
Sgt. Carl Fabbri said there is a surveillance video that likely would provide more information .
" There does n't appear to be criminal activity , " Fabbri said after a brief look at the video .
Police had not identified the man late Thursday .
The Muni fatality is the second in as many days .
On Wednesday morning , a westbound 14 - Mission bus struck Scott Whitsett , 49 , of San Francisco , as he stepped off the curb about 11 a.m. near the corner of Mission and Beale streets .
The bus pinned him against another bus , then ran over him when the buses separated .
He died at San Francisco General Hospital .
Google says it remains committed to investing in innovation Internet giant Google has reported a 37 % rise in first - quarter net profit , beating analysts ' expectations .
Profit for the three months to March came in at $ 1.96 bn ( £ 1.26 bn ) compared with the $ 1.42 bn it made a year ago .
Revenue climbed 23 % to $ 6.78bn , helped by an increase in online spending by advertisers .
" Going forward , we remain committed to heavy investment in innovation , " Google chief financial officer Patrick Pichette said .
He added that the investment would both " spur future growth in our core and emerging businesses as well as to help build the future of the open web " .
Google also said it had taken on nearly 800 employees in the quarter , its biggest increase in staff since the first quarter of 2008 .
Its global headcount now stands at 20,621 .
Search advertising bounced back strongly relative to other forms of media
Laxmi Poruri , Primary Global Research ' Solid quarter '
The amount of money the company made from pay - per- click online advertising rose 15 % from the same quarter last year , as the internet advertising market continues its recovery from the recession .
" They had a very solid quarter , which we expected , " commented Laxmi Poruri , analyst at Primary Global Research .
" Search advertising bounced back strongly relative to other forms of media . "
Despite the results coming in ahead of forecasts , Google shares fell 4.6 % to $ 568 in after - hours trading .
" The stock may be reacting to uncertainty going forward in terms of currency fluctuations overseas and investors seeking more clarity on China , " Ms Poruri said .
Last month Google decided to stop filtering results from its search service in China , redirecting all its mainland China customers to an uncensored Hong Kong - based site instead .
The Chinese government responded angrily to the move , saying it was in violation of a written promise that the company would abide by China 's laws requiring it to filter results .
Google dominates the search engine market .
It has about a 65 % share of the US market and about 90 % in Europe .
But it is a distant number two in the Chinese market , which is dominated by Baidu .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
That 56 percent of all Americans " think the federal government ’s become so large and powerful that it poses an immediate threat to the rights and freedoms of ordinary citizens " is n’t really all that surprising .
After all , ever since the 9/11 terrorist attacks , the government ’s " right " to read our e-mails , seize our property , hold us as " enemy combatants , " and otherwise trample on the Constitution has been expanding at an exponential pace .
What ’s really shocking , however , is that , according to this CNN - Opinion Research Corporation poll , released on Feb. 28 , most of the people who believe this are overwhelmingly … Republicans .
That is , they are self - described supporters of the very same party which impaled the Constitution on the sword of the " war on terrorism . "
According to the poll , " only 37 percent of Democrats " believe this , as opposed to " 63 percent of Independents and nearly 7 in 10 Republicans . "
Is it just me , or was it only yesterday that the Democratic base was outraged by " Bushitler , " and the " Cheney - PNAC " alleged neo -fascists who were taking over the country and driving dissent underground ?
How quickly they turn !
Adding to the irony , the poll was taken on the same weekend the extension of the PATRIOT Act passed the Democratic –controlled Congress — without debate , without a peep of protest from the " progressives " in Congress , and disguised as a vote in favor of a Senate amendment to the Medicare Physician Payment Reform Act .
Bravery is not something we see much of in Washington , D.C.
As one blogger put it :
Reclaiming the America ... Justin Raimondo Best Price : $ 3.59 Buy New $ 14.00 ( as of 10:35 EST - Details )
" So , if you heard the news of a Patriot Act vote , and went looking for the roll call , you would n’t find it .
You ’d see roll call # 67 for this year , but would reasonably conclude that the vote is thoroughly unrelated to the Patriot Act .
If you had n’t heard of the Patriot Act extension , and just wanted to see what legislation had been voted on yesterday , you would come away still ignorant of what the House of Representatives had actually done . "
The shamefaced Democrats are too cowardly to openly acknowledge their contribution to the destruction of the Constitution : instead , they ’re hoping we do n’t notice more Democrats than Republicans voted for the extension of this odious Act .
At one point , the Dems were hinting that they might want to " reform " the Act , and put in certain " privacy protections , " but they soon gave that up and now their media amen corner is busy demonizing " anti-government zealots " who dare to question the ongoing government takeover of … practically everything .
Keith Olbermann is still going on about how many days it ’s been since George W. Bush declared " Mission accomplished ! " in Iraq — even as President Barack Obama ’s generals warn that we ’ll still be stuck in that particular quagmire well beyond the withdrawal date supposedly set by their commander - in - chief .
Not only that , but Obama is fighting a secret war in Pakistan , continuing the previous administration ‘s war on our civil liberties , and extending its tentacles into every aspect of American life — yes , even our health care .
An Enemy of the State : ... Justin Raimondo Best Price : $ 68.59 Buy New $ 92.50 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
The " PATRIOT " Act , all several hundred pages of it , was passed in the dead of night without being read , without being adequately debated , and with the full official approval of both parties , who unhesitatingly wiped out two - hundred years of constitutional law in a procedure that lasted for less than an hour .
“ The president ’s reversal on Patriot Act reform is a major travesty , ” says Michelle Richardson , the ACLU ’s legislative counsel , a bit of phraseology that just about sums up the first year of Obama ’s reign .
All those liberal hearts , broken by that seductive love - ’em - and - leave - ’em Chicago smoothie — except no one ’s complaining .
The Associated Press reported the vote in terms that can only be described as odd :
" Democrats have retreated from adding new privacy protections to the nation ’s primary counterterrorism law , stymied by Senate Republicans who argued the changes would weaken terror investigations .
The proposed protections were cast aside when Senate Democrats lacked the necessary 60 - vote supermajority to pass them . "
The Democrats have … retreated ?
Since most of them voted for the " PATRIOT " Act to begin with , I would n’t exactly phrase it that way .
As the Democratic majority gets ready to ram an immensely unpopular " health - care reform " bill through the Congress without a " super- majority , " one can only wonder at their priorities .
Is it really more important to force poor Americans to buy insurance they can’t afford than it is to save our constitutional liberties from being crushed underfoot ?
Apparently so .
Passed in a time of " emergency , " and touted as a temporary measure , the " PATRIOT " Act has , like all such measures , become routine : part and parcel of the legal - political landscape , which no one really questions .
The " right " of the government to impound our records , seize our property , jail us , fine us , and haul us before a military tribunal — all of this has now become " normal . "
Did you know that a recipient of a " National Security Letter " — say , your Internet provider — must not only hand over all records , documents , and what - have - you to the Feds , but must also refrain from talking about or otherwise revealing the existence of the letter ?
Just like they can simply take you in the dead of night , throw you in a cell — and , yes , even torture you , if they feel like it — and no one need ever know .
Read the rest of the article
The Best of Justin Raimondo
Wingnut superstar 's recent column ' edits truth to meet agenda ' ...
Brad Friedman Byon 3/7/2010 , 5:03 pm PT
Given her own history of documented voter fraud felonies , you 'd think Ann Coulter would want to stay away from the whole ACORN issue ( particularly since there is no evidence that , unlike her , they 've ever committed any ) .
But Coulter just can't help herself , I guess , as evidenced by her column last week , dutifully reprinted by " Andrew Breitbart Presents ... Big Journalism " in the wake of the Brooklyn D.A. 's finding of " no criminality " seen in the Brooklyn ACORN " pimp " hoax videos , and even Rupert Murdoch 's own New York Post reporting the videos as a " ' heavily edited ' splice job " with " seemingly crime - encouraging answers ... taken out of context so as to appear more sinister . "
So what did Coulter do to shore up the wingnut hoax that is falling apart faster than Andrew Breitbart himself ?
She quoted some " seemingly crime - encouraging answers " from the video , " out of context so as to appear more sinister , " naturally .
And , even more naturally , those folks who have been played and conned by " Andrew Breitbart Presents ... Big Journalism " and " Andrew Breitbart Presents ... Big Government , " etc. , ate it all up ...
Voter fraud felony queen Ann Coulter , who committed voter fraud and voter registration fraud in Florida in 2006 ( as The BRAD BLOG has detailed and painstakingly documented in no uncertain terms ) and perhaps a number of times in Connecticut as well , shared her expertise in the Rule of Law over Kings County , NY , District Attorney Charles Hynes this way :
I ’m not a lawyer — oh , wait , yes , I am — but I count approximately a half - dozen state law crimes being discussed on those tapes , from money laundering to advancing prostitution .
Her evidence for those " state law crimes " which Hynes does not see , apparently , is taken from the highly - doctored , heavily - overdubbed videos tapes that James O'Keefe and Hannah Giles and Breitbart produced and published on Breitbart 's " Andrew Breitbart Presents ... Big Government " site , alleging to show criminality by ACORN itself .
That , even though a full six months after publishing the doctored versions , they still flatly refuse to release the unedited videos which , they argue , show the " criminality . "
Why would they want to withhold evidence showing criminality by ACORN ?
Particularly as they like to claim that it contains evidence that ACORN is involved in aiding and abetting some sort of child prostitution and / or sex slavery ?
Do O'Keefe , Giles , and Breitbart now support child prostitution and sex slavery or something ?
I should n't think so , but then why would they release the tapes purporting to show it ?
But I digress ...
Coulter joined the O'Keefe / Giles / Breitbart Lying Game in her column last week by quoting various , out of context comments from the doctored tapes , and representing them as something other than what they actually are , at least if we are to trust the unauthenticated text transcripts released by O'Keefe and Breitbart themselves .
Coulter describes the " most inspired idea " seen on the Brooklyn video from ACORN tax counselor Volda Albert this way ( Albert actually worked for ACORN Housing , an entirely separate organization over which ACORN has no control , but let 's not let facts get in Coulter 's or O'Keefe 's or Breitbart 's ' way here ) :
Albert ’s most inspired idea was that Giles get a “ house with a backyard .
You get a tin can … and bury ( your money ) down in there , and you put the money right in , and you put grass over it , and you do n’t tell a single soul but yourself where it is . ”
Back when I was in Louisiana , we advised people to put their illegal money in the freezer , but that did n’t work out so well .
And I guess putting your money in a mattress is n’t advisable if you live in a whorehouse .
Anyway , Albert was particularly detailed on the tin - can - in - the - backyard investment plan : “ Keep thinking : ‘ I have a yard .
I have a house . ’
You gotta start coming out with , like , plants and you start doing — so it wo n’t be suspicious .
You start buying plants for the backyard in pots and what have you , and you mark a spot . ”
...
If only shady lawyers advised clients to bury money in cans in their backyards , instead of putting it in tax shelters , we would n’t have all those attorneys clogging up prison cells !
What Coulter did n't bother to explain to the chumps and gullibles who read her column and believe it represents something like the truth , is exactly what we detailed in a post here just a few days ago : Albert was advising Giles , who was playing the part of a " prostitute , " how to hide her money from the abusive pimp that she was trying to escape from , with the help of O'Keefe , who was playing the role of her law school boyfriend , not her pimp !
The unauthenticated O'Keefe / Breitbart text transcript [ PDF ] spells that out rather clearly , if one bothers to read it , as we demonstrated last week .
Here 's the discussion , once again , directly from the transcripts , about burying money in a tin can to keep it away from the abusive pimp who had supposedly tried to kill Giles :
Volda ( loan counselor ) :
Not only that but if you gonna do that type of work you got to start thinking quickly or else you are going to be abused
Not only that but if you gonna do that type of work you got to start thinking quickly or else you are going to be abused Hannah ( Eden ) : which I have been Volda ( loan counselor ) : you have to start thinking faster than even the person who put you over there .
Quick , quick , quick , you know that Hannah ( Eden ) : I mean I do think fast but this whole thing Volda ( loan counselor ) : when you buy , let me tell you something when you buy the house with a back yard .
You get a tin if Jo [* see ed note below - BF ] is going to come beat you and want money you get a tin and bury it down in there and you put the money right in and you put grass over it and you do n't tell a single soul but yourself where it is Hannah ( Eden ) : so a tin I put the money in a tin Volda ( loan counselor ) : in a tin and put it in there Milagros ( counselor ) and put the grass Volda ( loan counselor ) : and put the grass over it Hannah ( Eden ) : I saw a movie one time where he put all the money underneath the dog house Volda ( loan counselor ) : you do n't put it under no dog house Hannah ( Eden ) : but I do n't have a dog Volda ( loan counselor ) : good so you put it where you can get it and he cant get it from you if he wants to come and rip up the place and all the like Hannah ( Eden ) : okay
The moment seen in the transcript above is the same moment that Giles herself lied about when she told Sean Hannity on Fox " News " on September 14th last year , the same day the tape was released , that " they 're telling me to bury funds in the back yard so that the government or my pimp can't come steal the money . "
As we showed last week , there was no discussion about burying the money " so that the government " could n't " come steal the money . "
That was a complete and bald - faced lie by Giles to Hannity on the same day that O'Keefe was busy misrepresenting himself as having appeared as his infamous 70 's - era " pimp " character on another Fox " News " show ( see that video here ) .
The only discussion of a " pimp " in the Brooklyn transcript , was of Giles ' supposedly abusive pimp " Sonny " who she was trying to escape from with O'Keefe 's help .
As O'Keefe describes in the unauthenticated text transcripts , Sonny " was very abusive " towards her and was the reason they " were in a rush " to get her away from him .
ACORN has been targeted , for years , by the GOP 's phony " voter fraud " smear campaign simply because the community organization had the temerity to help legally register millions of legal low - and middle - income voters who tend to lean Democratic as they legally exercise their right to vote .
The Republicans have lied about the group having committed voter fraud over and over again .
But the group has n't done so --- ever .
At least there is not one known shred of evidence to suggest as much .
Wish we could say the same for Coulter , who not only knowingly committed voter fraud , but then lied about it , repeatedly , to Florida authorities .
You 'll note Coulter mentions nothing about ACORN having committed any kind of " voter fraud " in her column , as most of the wingnuts do when discussing the group .
When Brooklyn D.A. Charles
Hynes announced the end of his five - month probe into the tapes last week finding " no criminality , " a law enforcement source told the New York Daily News " they edited the tape to meet their agenda . "
Apparently , Coulter --- like Giles and O'Keefe and Breitbart before her --- has done the same .
Though perhaps it 's more accurate to say that Coulter " edited the truth to meet her agenda . "
Sadly , the wingnut poodles are still uncritically lapping it up , and --- most disturbingly of all --- the New York Times is still doing so as well .
* * *
The BRAD BLOG covers your electoral system fiercely and independently , like no other media outlet in the nation .
Please support our work with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
Motorola 's Droid has been by far the most popular Android smartphone to hit the US market , selling at a faster pace than the first generation iPhone , and making up , by some accounts , at least 15 % of all Android phones in use .
It was the first handset to launch with Android 2.0 , a significantly redesigned version of Google 's mobile operating system , and it was the first Android device on Verizon , making it a popular choice for the wireless provider 's huge subscriber base .
Though it remains a very strong consumer device , the Droid 's popularity in the tech community was quickly overshadowed by Google 's Nexus One , which was launched only three months after it .
The Nexus One became Google 's first attempt at directly selling smartphones , and the first handset with Android 2.1 .
Advertisement
Version 2.1 was only a minor platform upgrade , with no new features as substantial as those brought by 2.0 , but it included full multi- touch support , tweaked the UI with eye - catching animated wallpapers , became an object of desire for Android enthusiasts .
This week , just two months after 2.1 debuted in the Nexus One , Verizon will begin pushing it as an over - the - air update to the Motorola Droid .
The foremost feature will be the addition of multitouch to the browser and photo gallery .
The Droid supports multitouch , but only recently got pinch - to - zoom in Google Maps .
It will also natively support voice - to - text entry , include a new 3D gallery application , a new weather and news app with a related widget , and the famous animated wallpapers .
Android Central reports that Verizon approved the update today , and that it will roll out to 250,000 Droids at a time starting at 12:00 pm Thursday , March 18 .
Ain’t capitalism grand ?
Hedge fund created assets designed to fail
Magnetar created deliberately arcane and risky securities then bet against them , making a fortune in the process .
Their actions almost certainly made the real estate bubble bigger and the subsequent crash even worse .
Not that the parasite financial class cares about that .
Propublica has an eight - part series on how Magnetar made huge returns and left a $ 40 billion pile of worthless securities , which the taxpayers eventually would help pay for .
The hedge fund bought the riskiest portion of a kind of securities known as collateralized debt obligations — CDOs .
If housing prices kept rising , this would provide a solid return for many years .
But that ’s not what hedge funds are after .
They want outsized gains , the sooner the better , and Magnetar set itself up for a huge win :
It placed bets that portions of its own deals would fail .
Along the way , it did something to enhance the chances of that happening , according to several people with direct knowledge of the deals .
They say Magnetar pressed to include riskier assets in their CDOs that would make the investments more vulnerable to failure .
In the meantime , lots of investment bankers made millions on the fees and on shorting the securities .
Under our non-existent laws and regulations , all of this might well have been legal .
Parasitical , slimy , devoid of ethics and integrity , aided by disemboweling government regulatory agencies and buying off members of Congress , but “ legal ” in the deranged system that passes for justice in America today .
In a better world , these folks would be stripped of assets then thrown in prison .
Yves Smith , a prominent financial blogger who has reported on aspects of the Magnetar Trade , writes in her new book , “ Econned , ” that “ Magnetar went into the business of creating subprime CDOs on an unheard of scale .
If the world had been spared their cunning , the insanity of 2006 - 2007 would have been less extreme and the unwinding milder . ”
Fast Company favorite Tokujin Yoshioka has sent along another piece he ’ll be exhibiting next month in a tantalizing exhibition in Seoul , titled MUSEUM .
beyond museum .
If the Rainbow Church was n’t enough to draw crowds , Yoshioka will also show Waterfall , the world ’s largest table made of optical - quality glass .
Almost 15 feet long , this is the first time the table will be seen in public , after having been created for a private gallery show in 2006 .
As the name suggests , the table was inspired by water running down a sheer wall–and it looks exactly like water :
Yoshioka , who mediates on materials with an almost supernatural concentration , has actually been experimenting with this effect for a decade .
It was n’t cast as is , but rather cut from a single huge piece of glass of the same sort used in observatory telescopes .
Then the ripples were polished and refined , to achieve that sinuous , watery quality .
When light shining through it resembles water ripping across the surface of a pond .
The first work he produced using the process was this bench , finished in 2002 :
" I'm a die - hard charcoal man . "
If you follow this column you 've probably noticed not just an emphasis on charcoal , but a complete omission of gas grilling .
The explanation is simple — I 've only owned charcoal grills and I only write recipes the exact way I cooked them .
Beyond that , I 'm a die - hard charcoal man , standing firmly in the camp that 's quick to spit out lines like , " You 've never heard of anyone waxing poetics about the great taste of propane . "
Being such an avid griller , I 've gifted many grills for friends and family — all charcoal , of course .
That was until I was tasked with picking out the perfect grill for my sister - in - law 's new house .
Sitting , starring at a 22 - inch Weber kettle in my shopping cart , I started imagining this grill sitting on her porch , mostly unused .
I could n't see her taking the time to start ( and clean up ) a fire each time she wanted to grill .
So out it came from the order and after some gas grilling research , I bought her a beautiful , top - of - the - line Weber Q .
It came as no surprise that , although it really was a gift for her , I was the first one to make use of it .
Now I 'm not switching to a gas grill anytime soon , but the advantages of gas ( that I 've always known ) came into much clearer focus — it 's just so convenient .
On a night I had to cook hot dogs , hamburgers , and steaks for 50 people , I had the grill warmed - up and cooking in minutes , and was able to grill over three hours straight — a task that would have required at least one charcoal change on my grill .
Then , the next night we got the grill going just to finish off a few hot dogs , something that I may not have done if the extra time and effort with charcoal was required .
Despite my immediate appreciation for the gas grill , I 'm still a firm believer in all things charcoal .
The gas grill could n't match charcoal 's heat , and when I saw smoke start to emanate from the gas grill , I just kept thinking how that would have been great wood smoke flavor with charcoal .
I am , however , more likely to entertain both sides of this grilling debate , and there could be room for one of these Weber Qs in my arsenal , but for right now I 'm more interested in your grill of choice .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Secondary scoring : While the Canadiens ’ top six forwards have combined for all of the team ’s offense in the first three games , it ’s been the Capitals ’ supporting cast lighting the lamp at the other end of the rink .
With 23 of 35 points in the series coming off the sticks of the likes of third and fourth liners , the Habs will have to pay closer attention to players not named Ovechkin , Semin and Backstrom heading into Game 4 .
The Caps ’ once mighty power play has limped through the opening round going 0 - for - the - playoffs to date , failing to capitalize on any of the 14 opportunities they ’ve had thus far .
Still , as Jacques Martin pointed out in his pre-game press conference on Monday morning , the best PK is to stay out of the box altogether .
Expect the Habs to be looking to cut down on the 24 penalty minutes accrued in Monday ’s tilt .
When Wayne Gretzky said “ you miss 100 % of the shots you never take ” , the Great One could have just as easily been speaking directly to the current Canadiens squad .
In the seven games played between the Habs and Caps this year including the regular season and playoffs , Montreal is 2 - for - 2 when they ’ve fired more than 30 shots and 1 - 2 - 2 when they have n’t .
It worked for Tomas Plekanec and the Habs prior to Game 1 when he took a jab at Jose Theodore .
Ditto for Alex Ovechkin when he dissed Jaroslav Halak ahead of Game 3 .
Might some mild - to - extreme mocking of a Caps player be all the Canadiens need ?
It may be a cliché , but scoring first in any game sets the tone for what ’s to come .
Except in the 2010 Playoffs , that is .
Of the 23 games played so far this postseason , the team that has scored first has won just 10 times .
While scoring first may be important , scoring last ca n’t hurt , either .
A TEEN has been arrested for listening to what police deem offensive rap music .
In what could be a legal test case , 19 - year - old Nathan Michael Wilkie faces a charge of offensive behaviour after police arrested him when he was listening to music by underground rapper Kid Selzy on his car stereo , the Herald Sun reports .
Mr Wilkie was parked outside a Timboon supermarket , waiting for his mother , when he was arrested .
The Warrnambool Magistrates '
Court heard he was listening to lyrics such as " shut your f------ mouth bitch , f------ motherf -----" .
The court was told the arresting officers found the music offensive and derogatory to females .
Mr Wilkie allegedly told officers : " You 're a joke , go do some real police work . "
The teenager is believed to be the first person charged under Australian law with offensive behaviour for listening to music .
Through his lawyer , Amanda Chambers , Mr Wilkie plans to plead not guilty when his case continues on June 11 .
Mr Wilkie said he was thankful to have the support of Kid Selzy , who plans to attend in June .
" I am grateful to have Kid Selzy 's support as this charge is a reflection on his music , that is not supposed to be offensive in any way , " Mr Wilkie wrote .
" As Selzy said , ' I know what I mean and the people who buy it know what I mean , and that 's what really matters ' .
" He also mentioned ' if you read my lyrics , it 's just my opinion ' .
" And from what I believe , everyone has the right to their own opinion .
" I have lost two of my best mates in the last couple of years in tragic circumstances and I feel that listening to his music relates to life . "
Kid Selzy , who gave his real name only as Jack , said he was astounded at the arrest .
" It 's a joke that some kid 's been arrested for doing something that 's not illegal , " he said .
" It 's not illegal to have your windows down or to buy a CD .
It seems to be a waste of taxpayers ' dollars .
" If profanity 's not your thing , do n't listen . "
The rapper said the case first came to his attention when Mr Wilkie 's mother , Carolyn Wilkie , posted a message on his MySpace page .
" My son bought your CD ... from JB Hi-Fi and was playing it in his car , " the message reads .
" Unfortunately he saw me ( his mum ) coming out of the local supermarket with shopping bags and left his car running and music playing to help me with my bags and the local cops pulled in .
" They stuck their head in his half - open window and were very offended by the lyrics of your CD .
" The end result is he has been served a summons for offensive behaviour for playing your CD , which they said was too loud and the lyrics offensive , especially to women . "
Police are expected to play Kid Selzy 's latest album , The Creepshow , at the next hearing .
Dr. Henry Edward Roberts , a developer of an early personal computer that inspired Bill Gates to found Microsoft , died Thursday in Georgia .
He was 68 .
Roberts , whose build - it - yourself kit concentrated thousands of dollars worth of computer capability in an affordable package , inspired Bill Gates and his childhood friend Paul Allen to come up with Microsoft in 1975 after they saw an article about the MITS Altair 8800 in Popular Electronics .
Roberts , an ex-military man , later went on to careers as a farmer and a physician , but continued to keep up with computer advances :
He recently told Gates he hoped to work with new , nanotechnology - enhanced machines , according to son David Roberts .
" He did think it was pretty neat , some of the stuff they 're doing with the processors , " said David Roberts , who confirmed Gates rushed to Georgia Friday to be with his mentor .
Roberts died in a Macon hospital after a long bout with pneumonia , according to his family .
At risk again ( Image : Andrew Price / Rex Features )
IN 1986 , the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) implemented a moratorium on commercial whaling .
Many people believed that this would save the whales and end forever the industrial slaughter that had decimated entire species .
Not so .
A proposal before the IWC could lead to the resumption of commercial whaling as early as next year .
If it passes – and there is a real chance that it will – one of the greatest conservation successes of our time will be wiped out .
Even with the moratorium in place , hundreds of whales are still killed every year .
This …
At this year 's Game Developer 's Choice Awards , Vavle 's Gabe Newell won the Pioneer Award , and he used the opportunity to share a slide show with the crowd of developers , press , and business people .
His message ?
DRM is not good for business .
He spoke about DRM adding negative worth to products , and his remarks were greeted by loud and enthusiastic applause .
" One thing that you hear [ Valve ] talk a lot about is entertainment as a service .
It 's an attitude that says ' what have I done for my customers today ? ' " he said .
" It informs all the decisions we make , and once you get into that mindset it helps you avoid things like some of the Digital Rights Management problems that actually make your entertainment products worth less by wrapping those negatives around them . "
Of course , Steam is itself DRM pretending to be a service , but as long as gamers are willing to trade the ability to sell their games or have a physical copy for the added features and convenience offered , Newell will continue to have a good thing going .
DRM is n't going away , but at the very least its harmful effects can be minimized .
At least I do n't have to see that useless Quick Start Guide anymore , but I 'm still really annoyed with Rogers .
This clear attempt to try and push OnDemand purchases and force advertising on its customers while slowing down actual guide functionality is just wrong .
I feel bad for those frustrated by it who wo n't look for or know the way to get rid of it , but you know Rogers is counting on most people fitting under that category .
Meanwhile , the REAL guide still looks like it's from the ' 70s , is unresponsive , is poorly organized , and is only in 4:3 .
You have n't even been able to buy a 4:3 TV for years now !
This whole thing reminds me of when I got a new Rogers cell a few years ago .
It had nice music control buttons on it , but no , Rogers disabled them and my ability to play any of my music because they installed their own ' great ' Rogers ' music player in an attempt to make me buy music / ringtones from them .
It just seems that Rogers is happy to piss off 95 % of its customers in order to have the 5 % of suckers spend an extra few dollars .
Dave.tf
I 'm David Anderson .
I usually go by Dave .
I 'm a software engineer by trade .
In my free time , I tend to write open - source software , rant about distributed systems and cluster management , and tinker with electronics .
Most of what I do online happens on Github , Twitter , or my blog .
New Path for the LP is a slate of candidates for the Libertarian National Committee .
The following was emailed to Paulie by New Path Chair candidate George Phillies :
New Path is issuing its program poposal for the LNC .
To read the full document : http://NewPathForTheLP.org.
Copies of letter CDs have been mailed to state chairs and a few others across the country .
A Simple Summary :
Strengths , Weaknesses , Opportunities , Threats
Business plans sensibly start with a serious look at the situation .
Where are we ?
What do we do well ?
What ’s stopping us from succeeding ?
Where do we have opportunities ?
What is threatening us ?
The answers appear as bullet - pointed lists .
SWOT Analysis
LNC Inc. suffers from an extensive series of long - term weaknesses .
These have now combined into a threat to its continued existence .
If these weaknesses are not corrected soon , the National Party will cease to function in a meaningful way .
On the other hand , there are enormous opportunities awaiting an active , effective party .
Strengths
First consider the places where we are doing well .
Great loyalty of our party faithful in face of adversity and defeat .
Name recognition .
People know now our name ‘ libertarian ’ and what it means .
State affiliates .
We are the only third party truly active in most states .
Ballot access .
We actually know how to get on the ballot across the country .
Money .
A million a year in income , with a large contact list ; could be effective if used well .
Core beliefs .
A solid core of libertarian beliefs , most supported by almost every libertarian .
Weaknesses
Negative momentum — the National Party is going backwards .
Weak leadership .
A National Committee not focused on substance .
Purges and witch hunts .
Activists leaving party .
Poor financial management .
Too much money going to things that do not do politics , communicate our message , or add value proportionate to cost .
Weak staff development and supervision .
No Executive Director for a year .
AN LNC press release absurdly attacking Libertarian author and candidate Mary Ruwart .
Lack of vision :
Where should we go ?
What could we be ?
Dilution / diminution of core libertarian message .
Core positions tossed aside in name of expediency .
Faux libertarians leaving the impression that we are social conservatives .
Lack of affiliate support .
Management by inertia .
No priority setting .
No focus on younger potential members .
Potential libertarians being lost to campaign for liberty , tea parties , and friendly groups who are more libertarian than we are .
Parliamentary Paralysis — Obsession with Robert ’s Rules of Order to the point of fetishism .
Opportunities
Opposition Republican Party handing itself over to people who most Americans realize are idiots .
Opposition Democratic Party copying key Republican positions .
Americans are absolutely furious .
Far right has lapsed into low level insurgency with assassinations ( Tiller ) , violence ( Texas IRS office attack , Congressional district office attacks ) , and incivility ( Tea parties ) .
Majority of Americans now tending independent in their political allegiance .
Heavy polling support for a new third party .
Young people who support our social freedom stands .
Overwhelming supportfor marijuana legalization and equal rights for sexual minorities .
Public support for libertarian stands — no bailouts , ending the Asian wars — with the other two parties in opposition .
Threats
Plummeting party income .
Crashing renewal rates .
Member disinterest and cynicism .
Decreasing credibility — fundraising appeals now lose money .
Continually diminishing activity .
Emerging competition .
Party being confused with Republican crackpots .
Political infighting at the destroy the opposition level .
Treading water — the National Committee response to the above is to keep repeating the same activities on a smaller and smaller scale .
Summary
Despite enormous mismanagement , our strengths are with us .
We may not yet be the majority party , but we are far stronger than any of the other third parties .
Our opportunities are enormous .
They have never been better .
The threats we face are existential .
If they are not overcome , our party will effectively cease to exist .
We have a long list of weaknesses .
Until we overcome them , our strengths will be neutralized , our opportunities will lie fallow , and our threats will continue to mount .
Our Response
Those are the problems our Party faces .
They ’re very serious .
But we ’re not dead .
Not quite yet .
Let ’s turn to our solution —
The New Path to Libertarian Revival .
Republicans wo n't get their massive November victories with numbers like these :
Democrats lead Republicans by a slight 47 % to 44 % margin when registered voters are asked which party 's congressional candidate they would support in their district " if the elections for Congress were being held today . "
That 's up from 44 - 44 in Gallup 's last poll .
The composite has a virtual tie , with Rasmussen propping up GOP support : :
The differences are even more stark without Rasmussen or the crappy ( pro-Democratic ) internet YouGov poll included :
Now here 's the catch -- voter preferences suggest a wash in November , but voter intensity is a whole different beast .
Gallup catches the intensity gap we 've been talking about for some time :
This is a new question for Gallup , so there are no trends .
On our own polling , we 've changed the voter screen from " all adults " to " registered voters " now that the elections are near , so we are also unable to compare voter intensity trends .
Expect Democratic intensity numbers to increase as health care reform passes , the election nears , GOP gets ever crazier ( thanks Bunning ! ) , and the consequences of letting GOP make significant gains becomes ever clearer .
Will we match GOP intensity ?
Hard to see it .
They think they 're fighting to prevent the communist takeover of America .
That sort of craziness breeds intensity we'd be hard pressed to match .
But if Democrats expand their generic ballot lead and close the intensity gap , we have the potential of shutting down those big gains Republicans already assume are theirs .
In the past 18 months , more than 600 Canadian Forces soldiers have been convicted of negligently discharging their weapons , according to a report on CBCNews.ca .
Most of those incidents involve junior soldiers or recruits and many of them an instance of pulling the trigger prematurely during firing range practice , according to the report .
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silcon Valley
Google hopes the new tool will help " shine a light " on the issue
For the first time Google has released details about how often countries around the world ask it to hand over user data or to censor information .
Brazil tops the list with 3,663 data requests while the US made 3,580 and the UK came a distant third with 1,166 .
Just last month the internet giant pulled its search engine out of China over online censorship issues .
Google said it cannot provide statistics on requests from China which are regarded as state secrets .
Brazil also made the highest number of requests to Google to remove content with 291 calls between July and December 2009 .
In second place was Germany with 188 , India with 142 and the US with 123 requests .
The search giant has launched an online tool breaking down the figures which it hopes will be " just the first step toward increased transparency " .
" The vast majority of these requests are valid and the information needed is for legitimate criminal investigations or for the removal of child pornography , " said David Drummond , Google 's chief legal officer .
" We believe that greater transparency will lead to less censorship .
Unless companies , governments and individuals do something , the internet we know is likely to become ever more restricted - taking choice and control away from users and putting more power in the hands of those who would limit access to information . "
Google has been at the centre of a high profile battle with China over the issue of censorship .
It stopped censoring results earlier this year after the Gmail accounts of users associated with human rights groups were hacked .
The company said the attacks had originated in China while the Chinese authorities denied any involvement .
Inspiration Google 's " government 's request tool " was unveiled on the same day that Canada 's privacy commissioner sent an open letter to the company regarding privacy issues .
Officials from 10 nations backed the complaint sent directly to Google boss Eric Schmidt .
The California based firm said any suggestion that their release was done to deflect from that news was " unrelated " .
Few companies publish any sort of data about such requests
" We have been noticing a trend with these requests and working on this initiative for a long time , " Scott Rubin , a senior spokesman with the company told BBC News .
" This is really about our ongoing quest to make information accessible and we are hoping this will inspire other companies to share data and become part of the conversation people are having about the scope of these kinds of requests . "
Google said it was disclosing the information " in the spirit " of principles laid out by the Global Network Initiative , a group that promotes freedom of expression online .
Yahoo and Microsoft are also part of the organisation .
Google said that to date 40 governments censor information compared to just four in 2002 .
" Google 's numbers are not nearly as transparent as they could be , " said Tom Krazit of technology news site Cnet.com .
" The tool does n't break out the data for the number of times Google complied or refused requests for information on individuals .
It does say how often - in general - it complies with takedown requests , but does not provide specifics . "
Google said it is working to perfect the information and that " it will get better " .
The next release will be in six months ' time .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pogo is an electronic musician from Perth , Western Australia .
Since 2007 , Pogo has been taking sounds from films and specific film scenes and sequencing them to form completely new musical pieces .
Pogo 's music is often labeled as house or trip - hop .
Website : pogomix.net View wiki
Document Title : Mukkai S. Krishnamoorthy
mskmoorthy@gmail.com
Associate Professor( Retired )
Ph.D. , Indian Institute of Technology
contactinfo
My other fun activities
ASHE was designed by John Punin and myself and developed by John Punin .
Here is a game ( scientific american March 97 Mathematical recreations Game ) that I implemented .
Picking Game Please let me know Mukkai Krishnamoorthy .
Thanks .
Here is a game ( M. Krishnamoorthy , Subh , A Game on Digraphs , Journal of Recreational Maths Vol.28 ( 2 ) , 85-92 , 96-97 ) that I implemented Subh
Here is a small java program ( written originally in modula2 by N. Wirth and I hand translated from modula 2 ) Space - filling Curve
Fuzzy Clustering by Mary Anne Egan & Mike Kondorf
Lakshmi Mittal owns the world 's biggest steelmaker
The UK 's super - rich have seen a resurgence in their fortunes , the Sunday Times Rich List suggests .
London - based steel tycoon Lakshmi Mittal topped the list for the sixth consecutive year with a £ 22.45 bn pile .
Many , including Mr Mittal , were hit badly by the economic downturn , shrinking their wealth in 2009 .
But the collective fortunes of the top 1,000 on the list have risen by 30 % in the past year - the biggest jump in the list 's 22 - year history - to £ 333.5bn .
Last year the top 1,000 saw their fortunes decrease by about £ 155 bn - to £ 258bn - and the number of billionaires fell from 75 to 43 .
This time , it has risen by 10 to 53 .
RICH LIST TOP 10 1 . Lakshmi Mittal and family , steel ( £ 22.45 bn ) 2 . Roman Abramovich , oil and industry ( £ 7.4bn ) 3 . The Duke of Westminster , property ( £ 6.75 bn ) 4 . Ernesto and Kirsty Bertarelli , pharmaceuticals ( £ 5.95 bn ) 5 . David and Simon Reuben , property ( £ 5.53 bn ) 6 . Alisher Usmanov , steel and mines ( £ 4.7 bn ) 7 . Galen and George Weston , retailing ( £ 4.5 bn ) 8 . Charlene and Michel de Carvalho , inheritance , brewing and banking ( £ 4.4bn ) 9 . Sir Philip and Lady Green , retailing ( £ 4.10 bn ) 10 .
Anil Agarwal , mining ( £ 4.1bn )
Send us your comments
Mr Mittal , who owns Arcelor Mittal , saw his fortune double from £ 10.8 bn to £ 22.45bn as the global steel industry recovered from the economic decline .
Russian oligarch and Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich remains at second place with a £ 7.4bn fortune thanks to a 6 % increase of £ 400m .
Third place again remains stable , with the Duke of Westminster 's wealth increasing by £ 250 m to £ 6.75 bn .
The British - born billionaire 's money comes mainly from property .
Although retail giant Sir Philip Green and his wife Lady Christina Green saw their riches increase from £ 3.83 bn to £ 4.10bn , they dropped in the rankings from sixth place to ninth .
But Indian - born Anil Agarwal was the highest climber .
He moved 60 places up to 10th position thanks to the rising share prices of mining group Vedanta Resources .
His wealth jumped a staggering 583 % from £ 600 m to £ 4.1bn .
The highest placed new entry - number 12 - in the list is Chinese property tycoon Joseph Lau with a fortune worth £ 3.8bn .
The Queen , who is Britain 's 245th richest person , saw her personal fortune rise by £ 20 m to £ 290m .
Harry Potter film star Daniel Radcliffe , 20 , is the highest - earning young actor with riches worth £ 42 m .
The Rich List profiles the 1,000 wealthiest people in the UK and the 250 richest people in Ireland .
The list does not look at bank accounts but identifiable wealth such as shares , land , property and racehorses .
Everyone ’s having fun with the chickens for checkups story , in which Sue Lowden , the leading Republican Senate candidate in Nevada , expressed a desire to return to the good old days in which people who wanted a checkup from their doctor would offer a chicken in exchange .
And she ’s not backing down !
But I think even the mocking critics are missing the main point .
Sure , it ’s funny to see a 21st - century political candidate pining for the days of a barter economy .
But her remarks would have been breathtakingly ignorant even if she had called for payments in cash .
The key fact about health care — the central issue in health care economics — is that it ’s all about the big - ticket items .
Checkups do n’t cost much ; neither does the treatment of minor illnesses .
The money that matters goes to bypasses and dialysis — costs that are highly unpredictable , and that almost nobody can afford to pay out of pocket .
Modern health care , if it ’s going to be provided at all , has to be paid for mainly out of insurance .
Conservatives do n’t like this ; if few of them propose paying in chickens , there is nonetheless a constant refrain of calls for making the market for health care more like the market for bread , with consumers paying out of medical accounts and engaging in comparison shopping .
There is , for example , vast romanticizing of things like Lasik and cosmetic surgery , which are held up as models for health care as a whole — even though they ’re actually very poor models .
( They ’re discretionary and fairly cheap — not at all like the procedures that dominate health costs in the real world . )
Why this preference for cash ?
Because even conservatives know in their hearts that insurance markets are deeply imperfect , which means that standard free - market arguments become very weak once insurers are involved .
And so they pretend that we do n’t really need all that insurance .
The business with the chickens adds an additional level of absurdity .
But Ms. Lowden ’s perspective is ludicrous even without the feathers .
Dr. William Phillips discusses time dilation , atomic timekeeping , and quantum computing
Dr. Phillips at NIST lab © Robert Rathe
“ When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second .
When you sit on a red - hot cinder a second seems like an hour .
That 's relativity . ”
Albert Einstein gave this humorous description to an inquiring journalist who wanted to know more about the theory of Relativity .
Certainly the human mind perceives time in a subjective way – as Einstein alludes to – but what about clocks ?
Do n’t they give us a universally stable reference we can depend on to live our lives and make the trains run on time ?
Yes and no .
Relativity tells us that time varies , but for most practical purposes it ’s negligible .
You do n’t need to consider it to be on time for a business meeting or sporting event , but if you build global positioning satellite systems or atomic clocks it starts to matter .
Dr. William Phillips is a winner of the Nobel Prize in physics , professor at the University of Maryland , and a physicist at NIST ( the National Institute of Standards and Technology ) .
Relativity and time dilation are a part of his workday as he advances the science of atomic timekeeping .
He ’s also a very nice man and was willing to spend some time on the phone with me discussing these very complex subjects .
Following is a transcription of our conversation .
Q . Do you have a favorite definition of time ?
Yes .
The one I like best is the one given by Einstein which is “ time is what a clock measures . ”
It sounds like kind of a flip answer , as if it does n’t answer the question , but in fact it does .
By taking seriously the idea that time is what a clock measures Einstein was able to come up with a deeper understanding of the nature of time than had been the case before .
In particular , he thought about a particular kind of clock and he imagined what would happen if this clock were moving with respect to an observer .
He came to the conclusion that the observer would see that clock as ticking more slowly than if the same clock were standing still with respect to the observer .
Taking the idea seriously , that time is what a clock measures , you come to the conclusion that time is running more slowly for the person who is moving from the observer ’s point of view .
We now know , from the basis of experiments , that this is true .
Q. From my reading on the NIST website it seems there are a lot of different things that you do , only some of which have to do with atomic clocks and time keeping .
My work is not so much directly working with atomic clocks and time keeping .
Rather , the things that my colleagues and I have done have made it possible for scientists in other laboratories to make better clocks .
So we are more of the providers of the technology that has allowed a new generation , so to speak , of atomic clocks to be made by others .
Q . In the first question you are talking about how time is relative to what is measuring it .
Time is relative to the reference frame in which you are measuring it .
So if I am sitting at rest in my laboratory and I see somebody who is moving with respect to me and I look at their clock I ’m going to conclude that their clock is running slower than my clock – even though the two clocks are completely identical in every other respect .
Now that observer , in his moving laboratory is looking at me – motion is just relative – he ’s going to come to the same conclusion , that my clock is running slower than his .
This sounds paradoxical but it is completely consistent with everything we know about the way the world works .
Let ’s say that you are in your lab and your colleague who has a completely identical clock goes off on a trip .
You look at what is happening to your colleague and conclude that your colleague ’s clock is running slow .
Your colleague looks back at you and concludes that your clock is running slow .
Let ’s say the colleague comes back from the trip .
Well , whose clock is slower ?
The person who goes and comes back is the one whose clock is slower .
In order to go away and come back you have to turn around , and there is no ambiguity about turning around .
There is ambiguity about who is moving and who is not moving , because motion is relative .
This experiment has been done in a number of different ways .
One way is to get two atomic clocks and put one in an airplane and send it on a trip .
When it comes back you see what time it is registering and you find out it is a little bit slow .
There is no question that this actually happens .
Einstein came to the conclusion that time is running at a different rate depending upon who is looking at it and from what reference frame ( whether you are moving with respect to some other thing you are trying to observe ) .
Hafele - Keating experiment : a test of the theory of relativity in October of 1971 .
Joseph C. Hafele and Richard E. Keating took four cesium - beam atomic clocks aboard commercial airliners and flew twice around the world , first eastward , then westward , and compared the clocks against those of the United States Naval Observatory .
There was a difference .
Q . So that is the experiment that you were talking about with the atomic clock and the plane ?
Yes .
That experiment has been done and it verifies what Einstein predicted .
Q . And they also factor that into the GPS system ?
Absolutely and even more subtle things have to be factored into GP Systems .
The Global Positioning Systems have a constellation of satellites and each has several atomic clocks onboard .
Obviously these satellites are moving and are relativistic facts .
Furthermore , as the satellites are at a different altitude than we are , another theory of Einstein ’s , called the “ General Theory of Relativity , ” that has to do with the understanding of gravity , also has an effect .
Clocks closer to the earth run slower than those that are higher because of gravitational influence .
All these things are taken into account , as well , in order to understand the Global Positioning Systems .
You might say that the GPS is one of the best confirmations of Einstein ’s theories .
If we did n’t take into account what Einstein told us about time then the GPS just would n’t work .
Q . So the fact that they can verify positioning by this system and verify that it ’s occurred is proof of the Relativity Theory ?
Yes , of both the General and Special Relativity Theories .
Q. If you took out those adjustments that they make then your accuracy would be way off ?
That ’s right .
In fact , I heard a story of that when they first set up the GPS that they were n’t entirely sure about some of the corrections .
So , in order to cover themselves , the engineers were able to look at the data both ways – both with and without the General Relativity corrections .
It became clear after a very short period of time of running they were able to tell which method was right .
It was the one based on Einstein ’s theory .
Q. During his time were there any ways to experiment & determine if he was right or not ?
There were certainly things at that time that could be checked .
For example , when his theory of General Relativity came out , one of the things that it predicted was that when starlight went by the edge of the sun the starlight would bend by a certain amount because of “ gravitational lensing ” .
It was n’t long after that an expedition went out to measure a total eclipse of the sun , when you could see the stars near the sun , and the measurements they made confirmed what he had predicted .
Q . You ’re group leader of the laser cooling and trapping group at NIST and you experiment with cooling atoms with laser light .
When I think of a laser I think of a beam of light imposing kinetic energy on whatever the beam lands on , but you ’re sort of doing the opposite ?
That ’s right .
The usual thing is if you shine laser light on something the light is absorbed and that something heats up .
So what we do is quite counter - intuitive .
So how does that work ?
Besides transferring energy to stuff when light is absorbed , it also transfers momentum – that is to say light pushes on things .
So if you could arrange to have the light push on the atoms in such a way as to make them slow down then that ’s equivalent to cooling down the atoms .
Q . So it ’s like a car rolling towards you , and if you start pushing against it then your opposing force against the car slows it down ?
A better analogy : lets say that a car is rolling toward you and you start firing ping - pong balls at it from a repeating gun that can fire thousands and thousands of ping - pong balls .
If you could fire enough ping - pong balls at it you can slow it down .
The atom is really a big massive thing with lots of momentum and the light that you are shining on it can be thought of as a stream of photons … particles of light … and each of them carries a tiny amount of momentum .
But the action of a large number of them together allows you to slow the atom down .
Q . Are you slowing the entire atom or the electrons ?
We ’re slowing down the center of mass .
The electrons are basically a separate thing .
So what we do is separate the center of mass motion of the atoms ( in our minds ) from the motion of the electrons .
It is actually a very good approximation to say that the atom as a whole is moving along and then the electrons are moving with respect to the nucleus , and I do n’t have to think about the two things together .
I can separate out those two problems .
The NIST - F1 Cesium atomic clock .
It is so accurate that it will neither gain nor lose one second in more than 60 million years .
Credit : NIST
Q. You ’re slowing it for what purpose ?
One of the reasons is to reduce the Relativity effect that makes moving clocks run more slowly .
Our atoms are the tickers for the atomic clock , and if they are moving , they will appear to tick more slowly .
So we want to reduce that and eliminate , or nearly eliminate , one of the important sources of uncertainty in atomic clocks that use faster atoms .
There are other reasons also .
When atoms are moving very fast you simply do n’t have much time to look at them .
By slowing them down we give ourselves more time to look at them and therefore we can make better measurements .
Q . So the atoms you are slowing down are being used to provide the time - keeping pulses of the clock ?
Exactly .
We developed the techniques for slowing down atoms .
In particular we developed techniques for the ones that are used in primary atomic frequency standards .
That atom is Cesium 133 – an isotope of the Cesium atom – the one that is most common and radioactively stable .
It had been agreed upon as being the atom that one uses for the definition of time .
The “ standards ” clocks all use Cesium atoms .
We developed laser - cooling procedures first with Sodium , then with Cesium .
Then other people used these techniques to make atomic clocks using laser - cooled Cesium atoms .
Q . If the atoms within the atomic clock are whizzing around too fast then Relatively enters into it and affects the accuracy ?
Exactly , relativity enters into it and is one of the features that limit the accuracy .
Q. What are the challenges of working at the atomic level ?
Obviously you ca n’t see what you ’re working with , correct ?
That ’s not entirely true .
I know that in popular thought – the thought that I had for a long time – was that atoms are too small to see .
That ’s not really true , however .
It would be sort of like saying that stars are too far away to see – but we do see stars .
We see stars with the naked eye .
We just do n’t see how big they are .
As far as we can tell stars are just points of light .
The same is true of atoms .
We can see atoms by shining light on them the same way you see most anything else .
But because the wavelength of the light is bigger than the size of the atom we can never tell how big the atom is by shining light on it and seeing the reflected light .
Q . You are n’t entirely working blind then ?
No , measurements are never blind in the sense that we always have ways of making our measurements .
It ’s not often that we care whether we can actually see something with our eyes as long we have instruments that allow us to see what we are measuring .
Except in this instance we can in fact see the atoms with our eyes by using the reflected light .
Q. For experimenters , there ’s often the issue of signal to noise ratio .
When you ’re getting down to something as small as an atom there is certainly a very small signal to work with .
When your instruments are telling you certain things how do you trust that it ’s a signal and not noise since you ’re dealing with such a minute quantity ?
For most of the experiments we do in my laboratory we do n’t look at single atoms .
So when I say that we can look at single atoms I ’m referring to experiments that are done in other laboratories where they do look at single atoms .
I can tell you exactly how that ’s done and how they can tell the difference between signal and noise .
We intend to be doing experiments with single atoms in our own laboratories and use the same techniques that other people have successfully used .
Let ’s say that I got a single atom and I ’m holding it in a “ trap ” .
How it works is a combination of magnetic fields and laser beams that hold an atom confined in a certain region of space .
The laser beams illuminate the atom ; the light from the atom comes off and we can collect it with a lens .
Then take the light from the lens , put it onto a photo detector , and see how much light there is .
As you point out , there is n’t much light from a single atom .
But it is enough for us to measure .
To give you an idea , we shine laser light on the atom ; the atom may scatter 10 million photons per second – that sounds like a lot – but we may get to collect only a tiny fraction of that – maybe one percent if we ’re lucky .
Of the ones we collect we may not have a very high efficiency rate of detecting all of them .
In the end , it ’s typical that we may be seeing hundreds or thousands – maybe tens of thousands of photons per second if we ’re lucky from a single atom .
But it turns out that ’s still pretty good .
Because the noise comes from the fact that everything else in our experiment will also scatter light from the laser .
What we try to do is be very careful and not have the laser hit anything else .
It ’s never perfect so there ’s always a little extra light coming back .
Our photo detector has a certain level of what we call “ dark counts ” .
This would be the noise in the detector itself .
Things that look like signal but are noise .
Very often that can be made quite low - a few per second .
Depending upon the nature of the detector sometimes it ’s higher than that , but a few per second is not impossible .
How do we tell when we are seeing this signal that it ’s an atom ?
One way is just do n’t put an atom in there and then see what it looks like .
Then when you put an atom in there if the light that comes out is a lot higher then you know that you ’ve detected an atom .
A very common thing for people to do is to trap a few atoms , maybe three , and then look at the amount of light coming out .
After a certain amount of time you lose one because your vacuum was n’t perfect and some of the background – the residual air that was left in one of your vacuum systems - hit one of the atoms and knocked it out .
There can be any number of reasons why you might lose one .
You wait a bit and the light goes down a little bit .
You wait a little bit and then the light goes down a little bit further .
Eventually you lose all your atoms .
This might happen over a period of seconds or minutes .
This way you can see each individual atom as it leaves your trap , for whatever reason , and you know exactly how much light comes from each individual atom .
Then the next time you look you can tell how many atoms you got just by how much light is coming out of there .
So that ’s the sort of thing that ’s done and it ’s easy to tell the difference between the signal and noise because atoms do n’t behave the same way as the noise .
If I change the color of my laser just a little bit , then the atom wo n’t respond anymore because the atom only scatters light if the color is just right .
But all the rest of the stuff scatters in exactly the same way and the noise on the detector does n’t change any , so if I change things just a little bit and all of a sudden the signal changes then I know there must have been an atom there .
Q . So certain atoms only reflect laser light of a certain wavelength ?
Every atom has what is known as its “ resonance frequencies ” , which is a certain frequency range that corresponds to the resonance in that atom .
Credit : J. Burrus / NIST
The first “ universal ” programmable quantum information processor able to run any program allowed by quantum mechanics .
- link Credit : J. Burrus / NIST
Q . My next question deals with quantum entanglement .
Einstein had described it as “ spooky action at a distance . ”
He did n’t theorize quantum entanglement himself .
Someone else presented the idea to him and I understand he did n’t much care for it .
It ’s perhaps a little bit more complicated than that in the way it worked out theoretically .
It ’s true that Einstein did not come up with the idea of quantum entanglement .
I believe that it was Erwin Schrödinger who first described the idea of quantum entanglement .
I think that he gave it its name in German , which translated to “ entanglement . ”
What Einstein did was think about this question of quantum entanglement more carefully than most other people had .
He came to the realization that if you believed in this theory of quantum mechanics , with the idea of quantum entanglement , that it would imply some rather bazaar things .
This was that “ spooky action at a distance ” that he did n’t much like .
He thought that the behavior that quantum entanglement implied was just too weird .
He just could n’t believe that the world would work that way .
It just did n’t seem reasonable .
In a sense he was right – it is n’t very reasonable .
It leads you to conclude that things do not have properties until you measure them .
And that the properties of an object that you have in your laboratory are not just dependent on the things in that laboratory , but those properties might also depend on things that are going on in another laboratory .
That seems really weird .
But as it turns out it ’s true .
So Einstein 's intuition was correct – plus his careful thinking about it – in that entanglement implies really weird stuff .
What he was wrong about was that nature can in fact be that weird .
He did n’t think nature could be that weird .
In fact , nature can be that weird .
Q . So then your opinion of quantum entanglement would be that it ’s true .
Have there been experiments that have proven it ?
Absolutely .
I believe it is true is because the experiments have shown it without any question .
Q. What ’s an example of one of those experiments ?
The most famous set of experiments were done by a friend of mine named Alan Aspect ( pronounced “ as - pey ” ) .
In the early 1980s he did a set of experiments to test whether nature is as strange as quantum mechanics predicts .
Effectively he was doing experiments to test whether Einstein and his colleagues ( Einstein , Podolsky , and Rosen were the authors of the famous paper that called this into question . ) were correct about the features that would exist if quantum mechanics were correct .
The results convinced almost everybody who had any doubts .
Now , there are always people who have lingering doubts , and will wonder if maybe there is a loophole , and think that we should do the experiments more carefully .
Every time the experiments have been done more carefully however , ( many of those more careful experiments were done by Aspect himself ) it always turned out that quantum mechanics proved to be the right description .
Q . Is the premise correct that ‘ physically distant particles will change in some way in unison with out any apparent mechanism or any communication between them ? ’
That ’s a reasonable description of what is happening , but I might take issue with the question of “ changing ” .
The result of a measurement on one particle is linked to the result of a measurement on another particle even though there is no connection between the two particles ; there ’s no way of the two particles communicating or interacting with each other .
In other words , the fate of the two particles upon measurement are entangled , or linked .
Lets say that the measurement is whether the particle is spinning clockwise or counter - clockwise .
There is no way I can predict whether any particular one that I measure is going to be spinning clockwise or counter - clockwise .
If I measure one of them to be clockwise , then depending on how the state was prepared , the other one is going to be counter - clockwise even though it is in a different laboratory and there is no connection between the particles .
That ’s the nature of entanglement , and that is the thing that Einstein could n’t handle , because it goes against our intuitive idea of the nature of reality .
But as it turns out Einstein was wrong about this one .
Q . So it does n’t necessarily mean that if the first particle you looked at was spinning clockwise and you were able to grab it , stop it , and then spin it counter - clockwise , that its twin particle somewhere else would then stop and spin in the opposite direction as well ?
Certainly not , that ’s not what it means at all .
It just means that if you measure the thing then the measurement on the other one will be correlated .
Q . That ’s a good clarification , because a lot of things that I ’ve read suggested that whatever happens to one particle will happen to the other particle in unison or at the same moment .
Yes , but not because you did something to it .
For example , this can not be used to communicate faster than the speed of light .
A lot of people misunderstood about that , and that will not work .
You could n’t do something here and have it affect what goes on over there in such a way as to send a message to somebody at a distant place faster than the speed of light .
The correlations will develop faster than the speed of light .
But no information could be transmitted because you have no way of knowing , nor of affecting , what the result of the measurement will be .
Q . Is there an experiment that you would like to perform but ca n’t because of physical or resource limitations ?
There is always the experiment that one would like to do and the daily work of an experimental physicist is getting around limitations .
There are certainly things we dream about .
One of those things is having a quantum computer ; something that could do computations using bits of information that were represented by quantum objects .
For example , atoms ; we were talking about this hypothetical particle that was spinning clockwise or counter - clockwise .
You could say for clockwise I ’m going to call “ one ” and counter - clockwise I ’m going to call “ zero ” as binary digits .
The interesting thing about a quantum mechanical object is that you could have it in the state where you do n’t know if it was zero or one .
In a certain very real sense it is both zero and one at the same time until you measure it , and that makes it possible to do computations that you ca n’t do with ordinary computers .
The computations that you can do with such a quantum computer would allow us to solve problems in quantum mechanics that for the moment are too difficult to solve on ordinary computers .
Having such a device is something that I would very much like .
In fact , being able to build such a device is what we are in the very early stages of trying to do right now .
Having such a device would allow us to answer some very interesting questions in quantum mechanics .
It might allow us to address / test some new ideas that people are coming up with that suggest different ideas from the standard ideas of quantum mechanics .
Q . You said that a particle could have two states until you measure it ?
Let ’s say that I have a single particle and there are only two possibilities for this particle .
It can spin clockwise or counter - clockwise .
I can construct a state – and I know exactly how to do it repeatedly and very accurately – called the super positioning of it being clockwise or counter - clockwise .
This is something we do all the time in the laboratory .
We make a particle that is spinning both clockwise and clockwise at the same time .
It literally has both states .
This itself is essentially impossible to imagine for a macroscopic object .
You could n’t imagine a top that was spinning in both directions at the same time .
But when the top is an electron then we can and do it all the time .
If one direction of spin represents the digit ‘ one ’ and the other represents the digit ‘ zero ’ then that means I ’ve got both digits represented at the same time .
One way of thinking about how a quantum computer gains its power is by having it do a calculation on both numbers at the same time .
If we have lots of these then it turns out that a quantum computer can be doing a calculation on lots different numbers at the same time .
That allows it to have a speed - up of the calculation and that makes all the difference .
Q . So you get an exponential speed advantage vs. a transistor or logic gate that is simply either on or off ?
You get an exponential speed up of the computation time .
Let ’s say that I want to do a computation on a certain number that has a certain number of digits .
The amount of time it takes to do the computation grows exponentially with the number of digits if you ’re using a standard computer .
There are a lot of computations that are like that and they ’re hard problems to solve .
A quantum computer can do that calculation but it does not grow exponentially with the number of digits – it only grows like a polynomial with the number of digits .
That makes all the difference in the world for whether you can calculate the answer or not in a limited time .
Q . Do you think this can be made reliable enough for critical , real - world applications ?
Yes , but it certainly is a challenge .
Making it reliable enough is something we ’re working on .
Fortunately , it turns out that it does n’t have to be perfect – that ’s the wonderful thing .
There are procedures that have been developed theoretically for correcting any errors .
So if we can make it reliable enough then we are home free – we do n’t have to make it perfect .
Q. It does n’t have to be perfect ?
I once heard a NASA scientist say , “ we ’re always one transistor away from failure . ”
Well that ’s true .
Certainly in those kinds of situations you generally build in redundancy , so that if something fails you ’ve got a backup .
In a certain sense , that ’s the way error correction works .
You have redundancy , so if something bad happens you can tell that it happened and you can fix it .
Einstein once said , “ Things should be made as simple as possible – but no simpler . ” □
Toronto ’s new Rocket subway cars are stuck on the launch pad months after they were expected to arrive in Toronto .
The delay , blamed on the bankruptcy of the New York - based door manufacturer , means Yonge - University riders will wait at least six additional months for some relief from the overcrowding on the system ’s busiest line .
The new TR cars were supposed to begin testing in the TTC tunnels early this year .
But officials say that it will be at least late August before the first Rockets arrive and the end of the year before they ’re pressed into service .
Like the T1 cars running now on the Yonge line that will be moved over to the Bloor - Danforth line , the Toronto Rockets contain 66 seats .
But open gangways that allow riders to move up and down the six - car trains , and a new seating configuration , means they can carry about 10 per cent more standing riders than the 1,000 that pack onto the existing trains .
Bombardier has done everything it can to minimize the impact of the manufacturing delay on the TTC and has set up a new supply chain that includes doing some of the door work in - house at the company ’s Thunder Bay plant , said spokesman Marc - André Lefebvre .
“ Right now we ’re testing the cars at our Kingston test track , ” he said .
The delay wo n’t affect TTC operations .
“ We ’re ok now .
But because ridership continues to grow , really what we ’re talking about is passenger comfort levels and crowding issues , ” said TTC spokesman Brad Ross .
Toronto City Council awarded the $ 710 million Toronto Rocket contract to Bombardier in 2006 as a way of saving jobs in Thunder Bay .
But the move hit controversy when a rival manufacturer suggested a competitive bidding process would have given taxpayers better value for their money .
Because the bankruptcy is considered beyond Bombardier ’s control , the company wo n’t be penalized for the delay , said Ross .
The new cars , combined with a computerized signaling system on the Yonge line called automatic train control , along with more trains and crossover tracks , is expected to expand the TTC ’s oldest subway line by 30 to 50 per cent by 2017 .
Unlike the current subway cars that can be detached from one another , the Toronto Rockets come in six - car trains that include two cabs at each end and four coaches in between .
It will take about two years for the TTC to receive all 234 new subway cars .
Security :
The yellow emergency strips will remain .
But there ’s also a new passenger alarm intercom system :
Each car will have six intercoms ( 36 on each train of six cars ) , placed at every other doorway , allowing for voice communication with an operator or guard .
Each car will have four closed - circuit cameras placed strategically to give an operator and guard live images of the train 's interiors , so they can see what 's going on when an alarm is activated .
Germ control : Stanchions on each side of the 1.5 - metre doors will all have an anti-bacterial coating to help prevent the spread of germs .
Accessibility : Each car will have two accessible areas ( 12 per train ) with three individual fold - down seats .
Guide strips will help visually impaired riders .
Wayfinding : Flashing subway route maps will visually announce the next station , indicating transfer stops such as Yonge and St. George and showing the direction the train is travelling .
Synchronized audio and visual announcements will be provided together with additional LED / LCD displays for broadcasting messages about delays or service disruptions .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Trains : Six - car configurations with a cab at front and back .
The cars cannot be detached from one another , but riders can move easily between cars .
Each car will accommodate 66 seated and 199 standing riders on average , compared with 184 standing passengers on the existing T1s .
The cab cars each have 64 seats and the non-cab cars have 68 .
Older subway cars :
The T1 series cars built between 1996 and 2001 will be redeployed from the Yonge line to the Bloor - Danforth line .
That will allow the TTC to retire the H4 cars on the east - west route .
They have been running since 1974 .
Read more about :
Designing a Secure Linux System
The Threat
Bruce Schneier ’s blog post about the Mariposa Botnet has an interesting discussion in the comments about how to make a secure system [ 1 ] .
Note that the threat is considered to be remote attackers , that means viruses and trojan horses – which includes infected files run from USB devices ( IE you are n’t safe just because you are n’t on the Internet ) .
The threat we are considering is not people who can replace hardware in the computer ( people who have physical access to it which includes people who have access to where it is located or who are employed to repair it ) .
This is the most common case , the risk involved in stealing a typical PC is far greater than the whatever benefit might be obtained from the data on it – a typical computer user is at risk of theft only for the resale value of a second - hand computer .
So the question is , how do can we most effectively use free software to protect against such threats ?
The first restriction is that the hardware in common use is cheap and has little special functionality for security .
Systems that have a TPM seem unlikely to provide a useful benefit due to the TPM being designed more for Digital Restrictions Management than for protecting the user – and due to TPM not being widely enough used .
The BIOS and the Bootloader
It seems that the first thing that is needed is a BIOS that is reliable .
If an attacker manages to replace the BIOS then it could do exciting things like modifying the code of the kernel at boot time .
It seems quite plausible for the real - mode boot loader code to be run in a VM86 session and to then have it ’s memory modified before it starts switches to protected mode .
Every BIOS update is a potential attack .
Coreboot replaces the default PC BIOS , it initialises the basic hardware and then executes an OS kernel or boot loader [ 2 ] ( the Coreboot Wikipedia page has a good summary ) .
The hardest part of the system startup process is initialising the hardware , Coreboot has that solved for 213 different motherboards .
If engineers were allowed to freely design hardware without interference then probably a significant portion of the computers in the market would have a little switch to disable the write line for the flash BIOS .
I heard a rumor that in the days of 286 systems a vendor of a secure OS shipped a scalpel to disable the hardware ability to leave protected mode , cutting a track on the motherboard is probably still an option .
Usually once a system is working you do n’t want to upgrade the BIOS .
One of the payloads for Coreboot is GRUB .
The Grub Feature Requests page has as it ’s first entry “ Option to check signatures of the bootchain up to the cryptsetup / luksOpen : MBR , grub partition , kernel , initramfs ” [ 3 ] .
Presumably this would allow a GPG signature to be checked so that a kernel and initrd would only be used if they came from a known good source .
With this feature we could only boot a known good kernel .
How to run User Space
The next issue is how to run the user - space .
There has been no shortage of Linux kernel exploits and I think it ’s reasonable to assume that there will continue to be a large number of exploits .
Some of the kernel flaws will be known by the bad guys for some time before there are patches , some of them will have patches which do n’t get applied as quickly as desired .
I think we have to assume that the Linux kernel will be compromised .
Therefore the regular user applications ca n’t be run against a kernel that has direct hardware access .
It seems to me that the best way to go is to have the Linux kernel run in a virtual environment such as Xen or KVM .
That means you have a hypervisor ( Xen+Linux or Linux + KVM+QEMU ) that controls the hardware and creates the environment for the OS image that the user interacts with .
The hypervisor could create multiple virtual machines for different levels of data in a similar manner to the NSA NetTop project , not that this is really a required part of solving the general secure Internet terminal problem but as it would be a tiny bit of extra work you might as well do it .
One problem with using a hypervisor is that the video hardware tends to want to use features such as bus-mastering to give best performance .
Apparently KVM has IOMMU support so it should be possible to grant a virtual machine enough hardware access to run 3D graphics at full speed without allowing it to break free .
Maintaining the Virtual Machine Image
Google has a good design for the ChromiumOS in terms of security [ 4 ] .
They are using CGroups [ 5 ] to control access to device nodes in jails , RAM , CPU time , and other resources .
They also have some intrusion detection which can prompt a user to perform a hardware reset .
Some of the features would need to be implemented in a different manner for a full desktop system but most of the Google design features would work well .
For an OS running in a virtual machine when an intrusion is detected it would be best to have the hypervisor receive a message by some defined interface ( maybe a line of text printed on the “ console ” ) and then terminate and restart the virtual machine .
Dumping the entire address space of the virtual machine would be a good idea too , with typical RAM sizes at around 4G for laptops and desktops and typical storage sizes at around 200G for laptops and 2T for new desktops it should be easy to store a few dumps in case they are needed .
The amount of data received by a typical ADSL link is not that great .
Apart from the occasional big thing ( like downloading a movie or listening to Internet radio for a long time ) most data transfers are from casual web browsing which does n’t involve that much data .
A hypervisor could potentially store the last few gigabytes of data that were received which would then permit forensic analysis if the virtual machine was believed to be compromised .
With cheap SATA disks in excess of 1TB it would be conceivable to store the last few years of data transfer ( with downloaded movies excluded ) – but such long - term storage would probably involve risks that would outweigh the rewards , probably storing no more than 24 hours of data would be best .
Finally in terms of applying updates and installing new software the only way to do this would be via the hypervisor as you do n’t want any part of the virtual machine to be able to write to it ’s data files or programs .
So if the user selects to install a new application then the request “ please install application X ” would have to be passed to the hypervisor .
After the application is installed a reboot of the virtual machine would be needed to apply the change .
This is a common experience for mobile phones ( where you even have to reboot if the telco changes some of their network settings ) and it ’s something that MS - Windows users have become used to – but it would get a negative reaction from the more skilled Linux users .
Would this be Accepted ?
The question is , if we built this would people want to use it ?
The NetTop functionality of having two OSs interchangeable on the one desktop would attract some people .
But most users do n’t desire greater security and would find some reason to avoid this .
They would claim that it lowered the performance ( even for aspects of performance where benchmarks revealed no difference ) and claim that they do n’t need it .
At this time it seems that computer security is n’t regarded as a big enough problem for users .
It seems that the same people who will avoid catching a train because one mugging made it to the TV news will happily keep using insecure computers in spite of the huge number of cases of fraud that are reported all the time .
Over a thousand years ago Mayan engineers laid down the plans for a mighty undertaking .
One that required precision , patience , insane amounts of manpower , and a shocking scientific knowledge about the world , solar system , and engineering .
My morning started shortly after 7 .
As the sun rose over the bay , I meandered my way along the main drag in Playa del Carmen .
I walked lazily , hoping to find something edible and affordable for breakfast , before connecting with the day - long bus tour to Chichen Itza and a large Cenote I ’d booked the afternoon before .
I was curious and a bit anxious .
The all day tour was only $ 40 USD .
A fair bit less than a lot of the other competitors and dirt cheap for an all day tour .
Especially one that included the entrance to the ruins , a buffet lunch , and entrance to a large stabilized cenote / swimming area .
The weather was incredible .
The remnants of the previous day ’s storm were lazily clinging to life as the sun gently pushed its way towards apex .
All the while the Sun ’s rays cut giant holes through the clouds , lancing giant golden rays towards the coast and into the water .
It was truly one of the most breathtaking sunrises I ’ve seen in a very , very long time .
In many ways , it was the most majestic thing I ’d see all day .
Eventually I found my way back to a bench in front of the closed restaurant where I was schedule to meet my driver .
Ere long I noticed a few other travelers doing the same thing and struck up a conversation .
As it turned out , several of the women near by were traveling together and from the west coast .
The younger ones were in their late 20s / early 30s and were loads of fun .
We quickly exchanged stories and laughed as we anxiously tried to figure out what / where / how we would be finding our way to the bus .
As it turned out , the ladies were actually scheduled with a different tour company , much to our collective disappointment .
My disappointment increased as I was led to the vehicle we ’d be using :
Unlike the van I ’d been promised we ’d be taking I was greeted by a 16 person mini bus .
Annoyed at the increased size , my frustration deepened as I realized that I ’d also been lied to about the tour language .
I ’d been told it was an English only tour , instead it quickly became obvious that the tour would be delivered in Spanish 2/3 of the time with the occasional English follow up .
Uncomfortable in my tiny seat , pissed off about being lied to and anything but happy about the Spanish historical video playing on the Van ’s TV I settled in for the 2 + hour drive from Playa del Carmen to the ancient Mayan city of Chichen Itza .
The city itself is thought to have become a regional power around 600 A.D.
For the next 400 years the city enjoyed varying degrees of power before eventually collapsing around 1,000 A.D. – though the site itself retained a significantly reduced population there after and is believe to have remained active for several hundred years , largely due to the large Cenotes .
Upon our arrival we made our way down dirt pathways that were lined by local Mayan craft art supplemented by the usual tourist crap .
The sheer number of small table stands and vendors is a tribute to the immense draw Chichen Itza has as a tourist attraction .
I recently read that Chichen Itza is Mexico ’s second most popular / visited Archaeological site .
The site itself was fairly sterile .
Major buildings have been restored / stabilized , vegetation cleared , and grass planted in major areas .
As we paused in front of the main pyramid , “ El Castillo ” our guide explained the incredible details of the pyramid ’s construction and orientation .
The pyramid was built with painstaking attention detail so that every step , tier , and decoration had some sort of powerful meaning or purpose .
The most impressive of which was the way the steps and edges of the pyramid aligned during the equinox twice a year .
Wikipedia explains the event , “ On the Spring and Autumn equinox , at the rising and setting of the sun , the corner of the structure casts a shadow in the shape of a plumed serpent – Kukulcan , or Quetzalcoatl – along the west side of the north staircase .
On these two annual occasions , the shadows from the corner tiers slither down the northern side of the pyramid with the sun ’s movement to the serpent ’s head at the base ” .
You can see the staircase sans shadows in the photo above .
From the main pyramid we cut down and across towards the “ La Iglesia ” structure in the Las Monjas complex of buildings .
On the way we paused briefly at several small pyramids and temples before reaching a heavily decorated building , which had a number of powerfully carved decorates dedicated to / depicting the Mayan god of rain Chaac .
From there it was on to the Observatory – another incredible piece of astrological / archeological mastery , before pausing briefly for a snack .
Then it was back to the main plaza by the primary pyramid – which , by the way , can no longer be climbed by the public .
From there we explored several of the other smaller temples and archeological ruins , pausing to take in the impressive carvings and monster - like figures carved into the local stone .
In addition to the site ’s amazing archeological wonders , it ’s also home to a plethora of unusual plant life .
The plant life creates a vibrant , often enthralling backdrop to the ancient Mayan wonders , and re-affirmed my respect for the Mayan ’s resilience and ability to carve their way through thick jungle .
In retrospect , I wish I ’d seen Chichen Itza long before visiting Guatemala ’s Tikal .
While impressive in scale and scope I could not help but feel that Tikal dwarfed Chichen Itza in every way .
The pyramids were larger and more majestic , the jungle wilder , the ruin complex larger , the site itself less polished .
I had high expectations for Chichen Itza .
After all , the site has been selected as one of the “ New Wonders of the World ” and has drawn travelers , scholars and heads of state alike .
These expectations were somewhat disappointed .
That said , however , it truly is a wondrous place .
Just make sure you see it BEFORE you see Tikal .
From Chichen
Itza it was back onto the bus for a brief trip down the street to a large cenote - turned water park .
The cavernous Cenote had been stabilized and reinforced , with a small , secondary tunnel carved into the side of the large cavernous area .
I quickly changed into my swimsuit , and began to make my way down through the cave / tunnel , pausing briefly at the two overlooks that opened up onto the sinkhole / cenote ’s interior .
The Cenote itself was incredible .
A large tubular sinkhole that stretched at least 100 feet down into the earth , before cutting into deep blue / green water , there was a small waterfall that cascaded down the sheer face of the cenote ’s walls , before splashing across the water ’s surface .
The whole area was surrounded by long vines , many of which stretched at least 100 feet from the surface , down into the cenote .
Once at the bottom , I jumped in and swam for a bit .
Pausing briefly to look up towards the surface .
All the while reveling in the natural beauty of the Cenote ’s fern , moss and vine covered walls .
From there it was up a series of steps to a jump some 15 - 20 feet up .
Once there , after a momentary pause I launched myself out and into the dark green waters , dodging fish and hanging fines as I torpedoed down into the water .
As impressive as the Cenote was above water , our guide told us it stretched another 70 some odd meters below the surface .
Truly an incredible place .
From there it was back onto the bus for a tired nap and long drive home .
The following day I ’d be piling onto a plane and making the short flight back to Arizona .
The Yucatan is truly a wondrous place , one I hope you will all consider visiting .
It is home to amazing natural beauty , delightful food , amazing experiences , and a rich archeological history .
On that note , this post is the final in my series on my December 2009 Central America trip .
Stay tuned for new posts , adventures and destinations .
Cover travel costs for independent cartoonist / war correspondent to travel and live with Afghans .
He report from Afghanistan and write a book .
Modern Linux distros are designed to appeal to a large number of users who run modern hardware .
As a result , they have become too bloated for older machines , even if you manually delete files .
Without a healthy dollop of system memory and an extra core or two , these distros may not deliver the best performance .
Thankfully , there are many lightweight distros , trimmed and tweaked by expert hands , which can be used to breathe new life into older hardware .
But there 's one caveat to bear in mind when working with lightweight distros – they usually manage to support ancient kit by cutting away just about everything you take for granted , such as wizards and scripts which make everyday tasks easier .
That said , these lightweight distros are fully capable of reviving older hardware and can even function as a replacement of your current operating system , if you 're willing to adjust to their way of working and install extra programs as necessary .
Image credit : Absolute Linux
1. Absolute Linux
A featherweight distro designed for desktop use Easy to configure Highly streamlined and nimble distro Plenty of help documentation on hand
Absolute Linux is a lightweight distro designed for desktop use , and as such comes preinstalled with the Firefox browser and LibreOffice suite .
It 's based on Slackware 14.2 but unlike its parent OS , aims to make configuration and maintenance as simple as possible .
New versions of Absolute Linux are released roughly once a year .
The most recent version ( 15.0 ) was made available for download in February 2018 .
It ’s available as a 2GB ISO for 64 - bit computers .
The OS is still in the beta testing stage so may perform a little unpredictably , as ever with beta software .
Whichever version you choose , there 's a massive selection of lightweight applications available .
The installer is text - based so there 's no Live mode , but nevertheless it 's incredibly simple to follow .
The way Absolute is structured also means that you can add and remove packages from the install media to create a distro which truly suits you , though you 'll need some time and experience with Linux if you really want to make the most of this feature .
Once installed , Absolute Linux is incredibly nimble .
This is ensured through the lightweight IceWM window manager , along with popular apps such as LibreOffice , making this OS perfect for older machines .
There 's also plenty of documentation accessible from within the desktop itself to assist new users .
Image credit : TinyCore
2. TinyCore Tiny by name , and most certainly tiny by nature …
Incredibly compact distro
Three choices of size
It ’s unsurprisingly barebones
The Core Project offers up the tiniest of Linux distros , shipping three variants on which you can build your own environments .
The lightest edition is Core , weighing in at just 11MB , which comes without a graphical desktop – but you can always add one after installation .
If that 's too intimidating , try TinyCore ( currently v9.0 ) .
The OS is only 16MB in size and offers a choice of FLTK or FLWM graphical desktop environments .
You can also choose to install CorePlus , which measures a relatively hefty 106MB .
This spin offers a choice of lightweight window managers such as IceWM and FluxBox .
CorePlus also includes support for Wi -Fi and non-US keyboards .
TinyCore saves on size by requiring a wired network connection during initial setup .
The recommended amount of RAM is just 128MB .
There are 32 - bit and 64 - bit versions as well as PiCore , which is a build for ARM devices like the Raspberry Pi .
This minimalist distro does n't feature many apps .
After installation there 's little beyond the Terminal , a basic text editor and a network connection manager .
The Control Panel provides quick access to the different configurable parts of the distro such as display , mouse , network , etc .
Use the graphical package manager ' Apps ' to install additional software such as multimedia codecs .
Image credit : Lubuntu
3. Lubuntu A neat spin on the popular OS for older machines Ubuntu but slimmed down Uses nifty lightweight apps Compatible with Ubuntu repositories
The ' L ' in Lubuntu stands for lightweight , and it unashamedly appeals to those Ubuntu users who are looking for an OS which requires fewer resources than most modern distros , but does n't force you to compromise on your favourite apps .
Lubuntu is primarily designed for older machines .
The default desktop is based on LXQt , which is far less resource hungry than mainstream Ubuntu 's Gnome 3 desktop .
It comes with a plethora of office , internet , multimedia and graphics apps , along with a wide assortment of useful tools and utilities .
As a lightweight distro , Lubuntu focuses on being fast and energy efficient .
It features alternative and less resource intensive apps where possible .
The most recent releases have also reverted back to using LibreOffice rather than Abiword for word processing .
This does n't mean that Lubuntu is lacking , though : it 's based on Linux Kernel 5.00 and Ubuntu 18.04 , so it 's a proper modern Linux distro – it 's just shed all unnecessary weight , in the manner of a rally car having all but one of its seats removed .
The most recent release of Lubuntu ( 19.04 – Disco Dingo ) has now lowered the minimum required RAM to run the OS to 500MB .
However , to ensure smooth running , try to use a machine with at least 1GB of RAM .
It ’s available in 32 - bit and 64 - bit incarnations .
The unique selling point of Lubuntu is its compatibility with Ubuntu repositories , which gives users access to thousands of additional packages that can be easily installed using the Lubuntu Software Center .
Image credit : LXLE
4. LXLE A lightweight spin on Ubuntu LTS Emphasizes stability and support Good - looking distro Impressive range of apps
LXLE is a lightweight version of Linux based on the annual Ubuntu LTS ( long term support ) release .
Like Lubuntu , LXLE uses the barebones LXDE desktop environment , but as LTS releases are supported for five years , it emphasises stability and long - term hardware support .
The most recent version at the time of writing ( 16.04.4 ) is a remaster of the current of version of Ubuntu LTS .
Aimed primarily at reviving older machines , the distro is designed to serve as a ready to use desktop out of the box , specifically tailored to appeal to existing Windows users .
The developers spend a considerable amount of time making all the necessary mods and tweaks to improve performance , but they do n't skimp on niceties .
Aesthetics are a key area of focus as evidenced by the hundred wallpapers which are included , along with clones of Windows functions like Aero Snap and Expose .
The distro boasts full featured apps across categories such as internet , sound and video , graphics , office , games , and more .
It also includes plenty of useful accessories such as a Terminal - based Weather app and Penguin Pills , which is a graphical frontend for several virus scanners .
Like Lubuntu , LXLE is available as a Live image for 32 - bit and 64 - bit machines .
The hardware requirements are 512MB of system RAM at a minimum , with 1GB recommended .
Image credit : Damn Small Linux
5. Damn Small Linux
This compact OS will even run on an old 486 PC Only needs 16MB of RAM to run Has lots of pre-installed tools despite size Last stable version is very old
Damn Small Linux ( DSL ) lives up to its name in that the install image is barely 50 MB .
It 's designed specifically for x86 PCs and will run on an ancient 486 CPU with 16MB of RAM .
This means it can run fully inside your system memory which can result in phenomenally fast speeds .
DSL is usually run from a USB or CD , or you can do a Debian - style installation to a hard drive if you prefer .
Despite the extremely minimal desktop , you may be surprised at the vast array of tools that come preinstalled .
You can surf the web with a choice of three browsers – Dillo , Firefox or the text - based browser Netrik .
You can also examine office documents using the Ted word processor and check your email with the minimal Slypheed client .
Or indeed sort through your data with the ultra -tiny emelFM file manager .
The latest stable version of DSL ( 4.4.10 ) was released in 2008 .
However , you can update and add new applications using the MyDSL Extension Tool .
Image credit : Porteus
6. Porteus Slackware - based distro is incredibly fast and streamlined Can run direct from system RAM Neat choice of desktop environments
Can no longer build own custom ISO
This Slackware - based distro is designed to be completely portable and run on removable media such as a USB stick or CD , but can just as easily be installed to a hard disk .
The distro is incredibly fast as it's small enough to run entirely from system RAM .
The unique selling point of Porteus is that it exists in a compressed state ( less than 300 MB for the Cinammon and MATE editions ) and creates the file system on - the - fly .
Besides the preinstalled apps , all additional software for the distro comes in the form of modules , making the OS very small and compact .
Porteus is available for 32 - bit and 64 - bit machines .
The distro provides users with the choice of KDE , MATE , Cinnamon , Xfce and LXDE desktop environments when downloading the ISO image .
Unfortunately the option to build your own custom ISO has been removed since we previously looked at Porteus , but the pre-built images offer a decent selection of software and drivers , as well as an excellent selection of tutorials to help you get started .
Image credit : Vector Linux
7. Vector Linux Keeping things simple and small …
Highly flexible distro Suitable for home desktop or office server Available in two variants
This distro ’s credo is ' keep it simple , keep it small ' , and it manages this to great effect .
It allows users to mould the distro to serve just about any possible purpose – Vector Linux can be a lightning - fast desktop for home users , and can just as easily be used for running servers , or as the gateway for your office computer .
After a lengthy period , Vector Linux 7.1 was finally officially released in July 2015 , and now comes in two flavours : Light and Standard .
The difference is in the desktop environment used .
Vector Linux
Light uses the ultra - efficient IceWM for the desktop environment while the Standard version is powered by Xfce .
This Slackware - based distro tends to favour GTK + apps such as Pidgin Messenger , but you can use the TXZ package manager to fetch and install additional software .
Image credit : Puppy Linux
8. Puppy Linux
One of the veterans of the lightweight Linux world Huge range of apps Different versions for differing needs XenialPup edition works with Ubuntu repositories
Puppy Linux is one of the oldest lightweight distros out there .
The project has been turning out slim , sleek and fast distros for 15 years now , and offers different versions depending on the underlying environment .
Puppy Linux 8.0 ( Bionic Pup ) is based on Ubuntu Bionic Beaver ( 18.04 ) .
Puppy Linux developer , Barry Kauler , also manages a sister project named Quirky , a version of Puppy Linux built using the custom tool Woof - CE .
The distro is full of apps , belying its small size – some are quite unconventional , such as Homebank which helps you manage your finances , or Gwhere which is for cataloguing disks .
There are also graphical tools to manage Samba shares and set up a firewall , for example .
The sheer variety of applications is impressive .
The Bionic Pup edition of Puppy Linux is compatible with Ubuntu 's repositories , giving users access to the parent distro's vast software collection .
The handy QuickPet utility can be used to install some of the most popular apps .
Image credit : Linux Lite
9. Linux Lite Designed for those who wo n’t pay for a new version of Windows Aimed at easing migration of Windows users Features a host of familiar apps
Not the least demanding distro out there
Linux Lite is based on Ubuntu ( currently Long Term Support version 18.04 ) .
It is specifically developed to ease Windows users – particularly those with old machines running Windows XP – into the world of Linux .
It features familiar tools like Firefox ( with built - in support for Netflix ) , plus VLC Media Player and LibreOffice are preinstalled .
The OS also includes the zRAM memory compression tool which makes it run faster on older machines .
There 's also a special ‘ Lite Upgrade ’ utility .
Despite its name , this distribution is n't the least resource hungry out there , as it requires both a 1.5GHz processor and at least 1GB of RAM to run smoothly .
That said , this should n't be too much to ask of any computer made in the last decade .
Try it on modern hardware and you 'll be amazed at just how quickly it runs .
Linux Lite can boot from a Live medium such as a USB stick or CD , or install to your hard drive .
It also supports multi-booting so you can keep your existing OS if you wish .
The distro is available for both 32 - bit and 64 - bit systems .
Image credit : BunsenLabs
10 . BunsenLabs
A distro that 's carrying the Crunchbang torch onwards Blazing fast performance Smartly configured Openbox window manager
Crunchbang ( or # ! ) was a very popular Debian - derived distro specifically designed to use as few system resources as possible .
While it was discontinued in 2013 , the community fondly remembered its lightning speed and responded with two Crunchbang - based distros to continue its legacy .
However , one of those successors , Crunchbang ++ , has now been discontinued .
BunsenLabs is still active , though , and its current release ( Helium ) is based on the latest stable version of Debian featuring a gorgeously configured Openbox window manager and its own repository of core packages .
There 's also a point release option , which is regularly updated if you want to stay on the bleeding - edge .
It requires at least 256MB of RAM to run ( with 1 GB or more recommended ) .
You can download BunsenLabs here
Brandon Bankruptcy Attorney
Enjoy the Financial Life of Your Dreams
Bankruptcy can seem like an overwhelming decision , but it does n't have to be .
With the right professionals on your side , bankruptcy can be a logical and beneficial process to get you back on track financially .
At The Golden Law Group , you can receive representation from a leading consumer bankruptcy firm in Florida 's Central Gulf Coast region .
The firm offers full - service consumer debt relief for individuals and small businesses dealing with debt .
The firm understands that bankruptcy is a difficult decision , and you may be overwhelmed at present .
The Brandon bankruptcy lawyers streamline the bankruptcy process so that you will spend less time in court and can keep the legal fees to a minimum .
Every client at The Golden Law Group receives one - on - one attention from a licensed attorney .
They understand that your case is unique and that you need a personalized solution .
Contact The Golden Law Group online or call ( 813 ) 699-4911 for a free consultation !
We also serve clients in Tampa and Bradenton .
Review : Super Street Fighter IV
by 345 [ Friday , 30th of April 2010 - 08:00 PM ]
A new roster update comprises of a nice selection of characters from various series in the Street Fighter universe , as well as two new ones exclusive to Super .
Juri is a welcome addition with a quickness that many other characters are lacking , and Hakan is a grappler covered in oil that brings more depth to his style of character .
The gameplay itself is pretty much the same with a lot of small tweaks and balancing changes that are n't worth trying to cover .
One of the major changes , though , is the ability to choose one of two Ultras this time around , similar to Super Arts in the ' III ' series .
I found that a lot of the new Ultras are hit or miss , though some are at least somewhat more useful than the original .
For all of the newer stuff that was added , the Challenge Mode feels like a missed opportunity to instruct to those unfamiliar to the Street Fighter franchise .
It simply does n't put together the things you learn beforehand into practice , and really it 's just a series of trials that may or may not be useful to players .
Ultimately , I do n't understand why it is n't more like a tutorial and less like it is now .
These games have gotten a lot of newcomers within the last year , and it would have been nice to be able to have some non-fighting game enthusiasts have a means to pick the game up a little easier .
Instead the Challenge Mode will ultimately confuse these people .
Most people who pick Super Street Fighter IV up will undoubtedly be playing a lot of matches online and after spending the better part of 10 hours playing around 100 ranked matches , it all feels like Capcom really dropped the ball once again .
To someone who plays a great deal of fighters and wants to have the best experience possible , the amount of lag and connection issues become a really big problem that will most likely go unfixed .
Like Street Fighter IV , finding a ranked match through the online matchmaking system will generally just give you connection issues most of the time .
Even when you choose someone with the best connection , many times the connection will change once you enter the lobby to one of worse quality .
Aside from ranked matches , there are finally some viable modes for player matches including Endless Battle , which works exactly like the Quarter Match mode from previous digital Street Fighter releases .
Team Battle basically divides the lobby into two teams , with the winners staying on and the losers having to spectate the rest of the matches .
Perhaps the most interesting yet underdeveloped addition is the Replay Channel , where players can watch their own replays , or replays from other players on the network , much like the Bungie Share stuff in Halo 3 .
However , one of the biggest issues I have with this system is that it feels far too basic , with no way to organize it in a manner that would actually be beneficial to most people .
There 's simply no easy way to just find something like a top 10 list with replays that players have voted on for the week or find a place that tracks the top players in the fighting game community .
Instead , all you can really do is just choose a channel that groups the characters by game , such as World Warriors ( the original 8 ) , Bosses ( Bison , Balrog , Vega , Sagat ) , etc .
Perhaps this could be fixed a later date , but for now it 's really just useful for checking out yours and your friends ' replays .
Super Street Fighter IV wo n't change your opinion about the new direction Capcom has gone in .
It 's more of the same , albeit with more features and at a better price .
The network issues really bring the title down and ultimately the decision to buy this will be based on your tolerance for lag .
Disclaimers and such : I purchased this game for the PS3 and received no considerations .
It should be noted that I , the author of this review , do not particularly like Street Fighter IV .
I am purely a fan of CPS1 ( Capcom Power System 1 ) Street Fighter II , which includes what I believe to be the best in the entire franchise : Street Fighter II Turbo .
While I have played , and still play to this day , other Capcom fighting games - including Marvel Vs. Capcom 2 and 3rd Strike - nothing else compares to those CPS1 titles .
Everyone ’s favorite video game lecturer is back !
Daniel Floyd ’s series of discussions on important video game topics continues with an examination of moral choices in video games , and how implementing various kinds of morality effect game development .
Do n’t forget to give us and Daniel your own thoughts below , join the discussion !
Click to see all of The Week 's most recent polls
Vote now
For Arev Manoukian , capturing the live action for his elegant short film Nuit Blanche came easy :
He filmed two principal actors in four days on a green - screen soundstage in Toronto .
The hard part happened over the next eight months , as the 28 - year - old Canadian filmmaker hammered out densely layered digital effects shots culminating in a crushingly effective slow - motion car crash lavished with beautiful breaking glass .
That attention to detail paid off .
Within days of posting the four - minute , 41 - second romantic drama ( embedded above ) on the Spy Films website , Manoukian says he got calls from Hollywood agents and managers .
He signed with talent agency William Morris Endeavor last month and went on a two - week spree of meetings with studios and producers .
“ Needless to say , it ’s very exciting , ” Manoukian told Wired.com in an e-mail interview .
In March , he brainstormed with Wanted director Timur Bekmambetov and 9 producer Jim Lemeley .
“ I just came back from some very promising meetings , ” Manoukian says .
“ They are interested in producing my first feature ! ”
As a primer for other tech - savvy filmmakers , Manoukian , who also shoots music videos and commercials , put together a making - of clip ( embedded below ) that showcases some of Nuit Blanche ‘s computer - generated effects .
For Wired.com , Manoukian goes a step further to deconstruct the short film piece by piece .
The Actors
“ Our lead actors , Megan Lindley and Michael Coughlan , were shot separately and only met on the last day , ” Manoukian says .
“ We also had about six background actors .
We shot them as separate layers so we could place them wherever we wanted .
If you look carefully , you can see one of the actors appear three times in the same shot ! ”
Tech Specs Cameras : DVCPRO HD camera for the 24 frames - per- second live - action shots ; high - speed Photron APX for slow - motion sequences filmed at up to 2,000 frames per second .
Effects : “ For 3 - D we used Maya and mental ray , 3ds Max and V - Ray , ” Manoukian says .
“ For compositing , we used After Effects .
The matte paintings were done in Photoshop and mapped in 3 - D . ”
Editing : Adobe Premiere
Computer : First - generation dual‐core Athlon running Windows XP .
Manoukian says : “ It is now considered an antique but we still use it ! ”
The Green Screen
“ The green - screen space was too small for the width of the first establishing street shot so we had to shoot some of our background pedestrians walking on a treadmill , ” says Manoukian .
“ We then tracked and animated them walking across the whole width of the screen . ”
The shooting schedule was carefully segmented , he adds .
“ We spent one day for physical elements like the puddle , wine glass and smoke / dirt particles for the car crash ; one day for the Woman ’s cafe side of the film ; another day for the Man ’s side of the street ; and one last day for the background actors . ”
The Virtual Set
“ All the street environments and sets were created digitally in post‐production from still photographs that I took in Paris , Toronto and Ottawa , ” Manoukian says .
“ Visual effects artists Marc - Andre Gray and Pat Lau , who are my good friends , took these images and constructed beautiful matte paintings . ”
Layer by Layer
“ The ‘ making of ’ video makes it look a lot easier than it is , ” says Manoukian .
“ Marc ‐Andre and I had to create almost everything .
There was a huge volume of assets , from wet streets to 3 - D leaves and cars . ”
Shattered Glass
The Nuit Blanche climax involves a slow - motion car crash complete with destroyed windshield .
“ First , ” Manoukian says , “ we broke real glass at over 2,000 frames per second on set .
Then we realized the only reason you see glass is from the reflected environment .
Since the street did not exist in the studio and all our environments were done in post - production , we had to hand - animate the glass in 3 - D .
The challenging part was to not make it too perfect , so we added some dirt and made sure each piece of glass looked unique . ”
Black and White
“ We love the millions of colors that today ’s screens can display but there are so many shades of gray between black and white that you can create extremely rich images , ” Manoukian says .
“ Because black - and - white photography is inherently pure , it ’s a great way to tell a visual story and express emotion .
Black and white is more honest and true as there are no distractions . ”
The Theme
Manoukian declined to name other movies or filmmakers as influences .
Instead , he says : “ The idea for Nuit Blanche came from the notion of having a special moment with a total stranger , which happens to everyone , especially in a large metropolitan city .
It lasts for a split second , then things get awkward , so we turn away .
I wanted to take that moment of attraction and stretch it in a hyper‐real fantasy where things unfold like slow - moving photographs . ”
Follow us on Twitter : @hughhart and @theunderwire .
See Also :
The Energy Blog Technical Reference Page A collection of things you might find useful .
Energy Unit Conversions 1 BTU = 1055 Joules
1 BTU = 252 calories
1 BTU = Amount in 1 Wood Match
1 KWH = 3414 BTU
1 KW = 56.9 BTU / Minute
1 Watt = 3.414 BTU / Hour
1 Watt = One Joule per second
1 Watt = 10 Ergs per second
1 Horsepower = 745 Watts
1 Horsepower = 2,543 BTUs per Hour
1 Horsepower = 550 ft/lbs per sec
1 Horsepower = 33000 ft/lbs per minute
1 Horsepower = 178.2 Calories / Second
1 Horsepower = 10,692 Calories / Minute
1 U.S. gallon has 231 cubic inches or 3.785 liters .
Energy content of some fuels 1 Gallon of Gasoline contains 124,000 BTUs
1 Gallon of E85 Ethanol contains 84,400 BTUs ( 72 % of gasoline )
1 Gallon of Methanol contains 62,800 BTUs
1 Gallon of Fuel Oil ( Heating ) contains 140,000 BTUs
1 Gallon of LNG contains 75,000 BTUs
1 Ton of coal contains 16,000,000 to 26,000,000 BTUs
100 Cubic Feet of Natural Gas ( Therm ) contains 100,000 BTUs
100 Cubic Feet of Hydrogen contains 32,500 BTUs
100 Cubic Feet of Propane contains 250,000 BTUs
1 Kilogram of Hydrogen contains 125,000 BTUs
1 Kilogram of hydrogen is 11.1 Cubic Meters ( 392 Cu Ft ) at atm pressure .
1 Cord of Hardwood Contains 24,000,000 BTUs
1 Cord of Softwood Contains 15,000,000 BTUs
1 Square foot of Sunshine in space contains 428 BTU / Hr or 127 Watts
1 Square foot of Sunshine on earth ( US average ) contains 298 BTU / Hr or 87 watts 1 standard cord of wood= 8 feet x 4 feet x 4 feet = 128 cu feet = approx 4,000 pounds 1 face cord of wood= 8 feet x 4 feet x 16 inches = 42.7 cu feet = approx 1,333 pounds 1 cord of wood contains the same energy as 192 Kilograms of hydrogen in 1/600th the space According to a Wall Street Journal article , New York State wildlife expert Richard Thomas found that a woodchuck could chuck around 35 cubic feet of dirt in the course of digging a burrow .
Thomas reasoned that if a woodchuck could chuck wood , he would chuck an amount equal to 700 pounds .
That amount of softwood would contain about 2,550,000 BTUs .
But they chuck dirt , not wood .
Some more energy related measurements 1 barrel ( bbl ) = 42 gallons = 5.615 cubic feet = 159.0 liters
1 barrel ( oil ) = 6,000,000 BTUs
1 short ton ( ton ) = 2,000 pounds = 6.65 barrels ( crude oil )
1 metric ton ( tonn ) = 2,200 pounds
1 therm = 100,000 Btu
1 ton of TNT equivalent is equal to 4,186 megajoules or 3,967,772 BTUs
1 quad = 1 quadrillion Btu = 10 15 Btu or 293,071 Gigawatts
1 kilowatt - hour ( kWh ) = 1,000 watt - hours
1 megawatt - hour ( MWh ) = 1,000 kWh or 1,000,000 watt - hours
1 gigawatt - hour ( GWh ) = 1,000 MWh or 1,000,000,000 watt - hours
1 terawatt - hour ( TWh ) = 1,000 GWh or 1,000,000,000,000 watt - hours A quadrillion is 1,000,000,000,000,000 ( one thousand million million ; 1015 ; SI prefix is peta -)
One Quad is : 8,007,000,000 Gallons ( US ) of gasoline
293,071,000,000 Kilowatt - hours ( kWh )
36,000,000
Tons of coal
970,434,000,000 Cubic feet of natural gas The US uses 5.05 quads of energy a month or 60.6 quads per year .
Some interesting Energy Factoids A Boeing 747-400 burns aproximately 5
Gal of fuel per mile
A Class 1 freight train uses 341 BTU 's to move 1 ton one mile .
( USDOT )
A Typical Semi Truck uses 3,357 BTU 's to move 1 ton one mile .
( USDOT )
A Boeing 747 Freighter uses 9,600 BTU 's to move 1 ton one mile .
( USDOT )
An F - 14 Tomcat at full throttle burns 80 Gal of fuel per Minute
A top Fuel Dragster gets the equivalent of 1/18 MPG ( 18Gal / Mile )
The fuel pump on that same Top Fuel car pumps 65 GPM
The average US household uses 92 Million BTUS of Energy per Year ( 2001 )
48 % of this countrys electricity is produced by coal .
20 % is Nuclear
18 % of electric production is from natural gas , and 11 % is Hydroelectric
7 % of our Total energy comes from renewable resources -
40 % of ALL the energy we use comes from petroleum
78 % of the oil we use is used for transportation .
Energy required for 1 Galaxy Class Warp drive : 4,857 Quadrillion BTUs / Minute
Gasoline Gallon Equivalents Fuel Type Unit of Measure BTUs / Unit Gallon Equivalent Gasoline ( regular ) gallon 114,100 1.00 gallon Diesel # 2 gallon 129,500 0.88 gallons Biodiesel ( B100 ) gallon 118,300 0.96 gallons Biodiesel ( B20 ) gallon 127,250 0.90 gallons Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG ) cubic foot 900 126.67 cu. ft. Liquid Natural Gas ( LNG ) gallon 75,000 1.52 gallons Propane ( LPG ) gallon 84,300 1.35 gallons Ethanol ( E100 ) gallon 76,100 1.50 gallons Ethanol ( E85 ) gallon 81,800 1.39 gallons Methanol ( M100 ) gallon 56,800 2.01 gallons Methanol ( M85 ) gallon 65,400 1.74 gallons Electricity kilowatt hour( kWh ) 3,414 33.56 kWhs
U.S. Energy use for the month of October 2009 Type of energy Trillions of BTU 's Millions of Megawatt Hours Amount Electricity 1,200 351 Not Applicable Natural Gas 1,800 527 1.8 Trillion Cubic Ft Gasoline 1,364 399 11 Billion Gallons Diesel Fuel 700 205 6.2 Billion Gallons Totals 5,064 1,482
A bunch !!
Some useful and fun external links Automotive Aerodynamic , rolling resistance , horsepower & MPG calculator
Convert For Windows - Converts any unit of measurement to any other - Program .
Showing you the tool that has made our life better because I love you .
If you are looking for a way to organize the family calendar and grocery list and to - do lists , you will thank me today .
If you have that under control , you can ignore me today .
This is not a sponsored post .
I ’m just sharing because I love you .
Cozi has made my life my organized .
For real !
Any other loyal Cozi users out there wanna back me up ?
# familycalendar # cozi # grocerylist # todolist #momlife #organization #recommended # sharingiscaring
A post shared by Dawn ( @comeoverforcoffee ) on Apr 6 , 2018 at 5:28 am PDT
Steve Jobs ' recent missive on the deficiencies of Adobe 's Flash is still reverberating around the Internet .
In this guest editorial , John Sullivan of the Free Software Foundation responds , arguing that Apple is presenting users with a false choice between Adobe 's proprietary software and Apple 's walled garden .
Watching two proprietary software companies deeply opposed to computer user freedom lob accusations back and forth about who is more opposed to freedom has been surreal , to say the least .
But what 's been crystal clear is that the freedom these companies are arguing about is their own , not that of their users .
And what they are calling freedom is n't freedom at all — it is the ability to control those users .
Adobe is mad at Apple for not letting Adobe control iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch users via Flash , and Apple is mad at Adobe for suggesting that Apple is arbitrarily abusing its control over Application Store users .
Steve Jobs 's " Thoughts on Flash " is the latest volley in this bout between pot and kettle , and while it makes many dead - on criticisms of Adobe and Flash , it does not change the fundamental character of this disagreement , nor does it solve any concerns about Apple 's broader intentions .
What 's strangely absent from " Thoughts on Flash " is any explanation for why proprietary technology on the Web is bad , or why free standards are good .
Noting this omission helps us understand why , though we agree with his assessment of the problems with Flash and the importance of free Web standards , Jobs is led to a solution that is bizarre and unacceptable .
If he had said anything about why user freedom on the Web is important , his hypocrisy would have been explicit .
In a nutshell , he says , " Do n't use Adobe 's proprietary platform to engage with information on the Web. Use Apple's . "
He does n't want users to freely wander and creatively explore the Web or their own computers ; he wants them to move from the fenced - off " Freedom Zone " based in San Jose to the one based in Cupertino .
Freedom on the Web has multiple elements .
Free standards like HTML5 , which govern Web publishing , are critical and have amazing potential , but they are only one element .
Standards are not enough on their own , because there is another layer between them and the computer user — the software used to interact with the Web , and the operating system surrounding it .
Freedom in terms of Web publishing does no good if the software with which you access the Web filters it before it ever gets to you , or restricts you in other ways in order to grant access to the Web .
Proprietary software can be compatible with free standards while simultaneously undercutting the values those free standards seek to achieve .
Such " freedom " will always be contingent .
In order to have an actual , irrevocably free Web , both the Web publishing standards and the software which accesses them will need to be free .
Although Jobs talks part of the talk when he says , " we strongly believe that all standards pertaining to the web should be open , " his walk goes the opposite direction , advocating both a proprietary video format , H.264 , and proprietary software for engaging it — iPhone OS .
The definition of proprietary software is software which restricts users ' freedoms to view its source code , run it for any purpose , share it , or modify it .
Jobs himself defines proprietary software when he says :
Adobe 's Flash products are 100 % proprietary .
They are only available from Adobe , and Adobe has sole authority as to their future enhancement , pricing , etc .
While Adobe ’s Flash products are widely available , this does not mean they are open , since they are controlled entirely by Adobe and available only from Adobe .
By almost any definition , Flash is a closed system .
The dreaded fine - print EULA is a primary tool software companies use to implement such restrictions .
Looking at the EULAs for Apple and Adobe , we can see that they look pretty much the same , and that " iPhone OS " and " Apple " could be substituted for " Adobe " and " Flash " in Jobs 's own quote .
His implicit admission of this , that " Apple has many proprietary products too , " is a comical understatement .
Adobe 's license says :
You may install and use one copy of the Software on your compatible Computer .
This license does not grant you the right to sublicense or distribute the Software .
You may not modify , adapt , translate or create derivative works based upon the Software .
You will not reverse engineer , decompile , disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software except to the extent you may be expressly permitted to reverse engineer or decompile under applicable law .
Apple 's own terms of service document covering all applications downloaded from the App Store , says ( in Section 10 b ) :
( ii ) You shall be authorized to use the Products only for personal , noncommercial use .
( iii )
You shall be authorized to use the Products on five Apple - authorized devices at any time , except in the case of Movie Rentals , as described below .
Part of the reason why Flash and iPhone OS are proprietary is that Adobe and Apple agreed to the terms of the H.264 patent license .
H.264 , despite Jobs 's claim , is not a free standard — patents necessary to implement it are held by a group that requires all users to agree to a license with restrictive terms .
Those terms have previously even been unavailable for examination online .
We are publishing them on fsf.org today in order to comment on their unethical restrictions .
The fact that H.264 is a commonly used standard does not make it a free standard — the terms of its use are what matter , and they require all licensed software to include the following notice :
THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON - COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO ( I ) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD ( " AVC VIDEO " ) AND / OR ( II ) DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NON - COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND /OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO .
NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE .
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA , L.L.C. SEE HTTP :// WWW .MPEGLA.COM
You 'll find similar language in the license agreements of Final Cut Studio , Google Chrome , Mac OS X , and Windows 7 .
Any Web that can be engaged only after agreeing to such terms , whether for software or a standard , is not " free " or " open . "
It is gated , and its use is restricted .
Jobs himself explains the problems with giving up the freedom to use your computer and its software to another , when he says , " [ Apple ] can not be at the mercy of a third party deciding if and when they will make our enhancements available to our developers . "
We agree with that statement , and it's exactly why users should not place themselves at the mercy of Apple or H.264 either .
If you buy an iPhone OS computer , there is no recourse if Apple makes a decision you do not like .
You 'll wait on Apple to approve or not approve the application with features you want to use , you 'll never be assured that Apple wo n't remove the application once it 's accepted , and you 'll wait on Apple to implement any bug fixes or new features , or to take care of your security — even though it 's ostensibly your platform , your computer , and part of your life .
Better conclusions
A free Web needs free software .
You cannot have a free Web if your access to the software you use to engage the Web is limited to an arbitrary number of computers , or if you are not allowed to conduct business on the Web using the software , or if you are forbidden from asking someone to develop additional features you need .
Jobs has hit the nail on the head when describing the problems with Adobe , but not until after smashing his own thumb .
Every criticism he makes of Adobe 's proprietary approach applies equally to Apple , and every benefit attributed to the App Store can be had without it being a mandatory proprietary arrangement .
Apple can offer quality control and editorial selection over available free software , and encourage users to exclusively — but voluntarily — use their store .
Instead , Apple chooses to enforce legal restrictions , the transgression of which is punishable by criminal law , on users who want to make changes to their own computers , like installing free , non-Apple , software .
Fortunately , the way out of the Adobe vs. Apple cage match is straightforward , and exists already : free software operating systems like GNU / Linux with free software Web browsers , supporting free media formats like Ogg Theora .
To make things even better , we can continue urging Google to release their new media format , VP8 , under a free license as well .
The language of the GNU General Public License , used by thousands of GNU / Linux developers worldwide as the terms for distributing their software , stands in stark contrast to the proprietary EULAs cited above , and provides a useful tool for building and sharing software to actually engage the free Web :
The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed to take away your freedom to share and change the works .
By contrast , the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change all versions of a program — to make sure it remains free software for all its users .
When Jobs defensively points to Apple 's involvement in WebKit , he inadvertently makes the case for the superiority of free software over his own proprietary App Store approach .
WebKit is indeed free software , and Apple did help make it happen .
But the success of WebKit is neither Apple 's success alone ( in fact , some of its advances have been achieved in spite of some uncooperative behavior by Apple ) nor is it a result of their proprietary approach .
They are one contributor among others , and those others are able to contribute because the software is freely licensed .
WebKit users are not at the mercy of Apple — the source code is available and can be legally modified , so anyone is entitled to make and distribute new features or fixes .
WebKit is an example of what the free Web can actually be .
But , sadly , Jobs can't stand to let it be that — while the core of Safari is WebKit , it is engulfed in other proprietary code , giving Apple leverage we should reject .
So , the correct decision in the dispute between Apple and Adobe is " none of the above . "
The past we need to leave behind is not just Flash , it 's Apple 's proprietary software as well .
There is plenty of room for them to join us along with everyone else in the free world — but they must stop pretending that their little cages are the free world .
John Sullivan is the operations manager for the Free Software Foundation .
Twirling your pasta around a fork is an artform .
Some people twirl it on the side of the bowl , other use spoons and people who are lazy and unimaginative cut their pasta up .
And now , from Japan , a new option .
Advertisement
This crazy fork has a " thumb " of sorts to snag your past and keep it from falling off .
It also has some bumps on the other side of unclear utility .
Also , did I mention that two of these forks will set you back $ 44 ?
Yes , that is a $ 22 pasta fork you 're looking at .
But really , if I could get just one of these for like $ 5 to use just when I ate pasta , I would do it .
Because come on , look at it !
[ Japan Trend Shop via Book of Joe ]
Gone are the days when offices were typically cubicle , surrounded by white walls and lit by white fluorescent lights .
Thanks to corporate giants like Google and Pixar that have demonstrated tremendous success despite their unconventional workplaces , more people are embracing the idea that creative work environment helps stimulate minds and inspire innovation .
From simply ditching the crisp white walls for graphical wallpapers to a total overhaul of the office layout , we are all trying to break the mold and introduce a unique working environment to the team , and hopefully inspire some genius ideas along the way .
So if you are trying to inject some personality into the place you spend your daily 9 - 5 , how about getting some cue from the creative giants themselves ?
15 Awesome Startup Offices You Need To See 15 Awesome Startup Offices You Need To See
The famed design of Googleplex and all the other Google offices worldwide have probably inspired a lot of ...
Read more
( Zurich , Switzerland )
( Palo Alto , California , USA )
( Tallin , Estonia )
( San Francisco , USA )
( San Francisco , USA )
( Zurich , Switzerland )
( Detroit , USA )
( London , United Kingdom )
( Emeryville , California , USA )
More Creative Offices
( Berlin , Germany )
Modern and elegant new technology center medical science office which is located in the heart of Berlin .
In office design are used a lot of futuristic elements .
Design of the office has only used a light tones that makes this building a kind of futuristic light castle .
( Portland , Oregon , USA )
Coaxis new office design has become a creative , high - energy workspace .
Design efforts focused on crafting a new identity for the space while preserving existing visually striking elements .
Three Rings
( San Francisco , California , USA )
Three Rings is a startup developer of world online games , based in San Francisco , California .
Three Rings office is designed by Becausewecan – a Design - Build Studio .
( Parma , Italy )
“ Krea ” is the program for the living area of Mazzali .
A lot of colors , suggesting a freedom in the design that should not be only space but also visual .
( Hong Kong )
M Moser is a global company specializing in the creation of workplace environments , corporate base buildings and campuses since 1981
Base One Group
( Middlesex , United Kingdom )
Flexible office interior design for a marketing and graphic design company – Baseonegroup .
The office interior mixes flexible open plan space with meeting & presentation areas for design and client meetings .
( Lausanne , Switzerland )
Colorful working spot at the architectural school in College of management at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology , Lausanne .
( Stockholm , Sweden )
The Oktavilla Graphic Design office was designed by Elding Oscarson Architects .
The office is located in an old textile manufacturing hall in Stockholm , Sweden .
( Portland , Oregon , USA )
Shoot of Parliamentdesign headquarter interior .
Parliamentdesign is web design company based in Portland , Oregon .
( Hollywood , California , USA )
La Loft is company that is located in the heart of Hollywood .
Company engaged with the leasing of lofts .
( Tokyo , Japan )
The Japanese designer Nendo office is located near the Meguro river in Tokyo .
This modern office space consist the meeting space , management , workspace and storage .
( Hamburg , Germany )
Syzygy is an advertising agency based with offices in Hamburg , London and Frankfurt .
Their clients are big and famous company such as Chanel , Mercedes - Benz and Mazda .
( Tallin , Estonia )
Der Tank is advertising agency located in Estonia .
This is Der Tank new office Baltika Quarter .
( Guangzhou , China )
Ogilvy & Mather ’s office interior is designed by M. Moser design company and office theme is The Carnival .
Selgas Cano Architecture
( Madrid , Spain )
Amazing Spanish architect Selgas Cano workplace .
His office is located near Madrid and it is very unusual .
While at ZuriHac , Johan Tibell , David Anderson , Duncan Coutts and I discussed what the highest priority projects for the Haskell community are , in the context of the Google Summer of Code , for which Haskell.org is a mentoring organization for the 5th year .
Here ’s our top 8 most important projects , that we would really like to see good applications for .
Some of these have tickets already , but some do n’t .
If you apply to work on projects like those below , you can expect strong support from the mentors , which ultimately determines if you ’ll be funded .
For details on what we think you need to consider when applying to execute a project , see this earlier post .
A Package Versioning Policy Checker
Cabal relies on package version ranges to determine what Haskell software to install on your system .
Version numbers are essentially “ hashes ” of the API of the package , and should be computed according to the package versioning policy .
However , package authors do n’t have a tool to automatically determine what the version number change to their package should be , when they release a new version , leading to mistakes , and needless dependency breakages .
This project would construct a tool that would be able to compute the correct package version number , given a package and an API change .
As an extension , it would warn about errors in version ranges in .cabal files .
“ cabal test ”
Proper test support is essential for good software quality .
By improving Cabal ’s test support we can test all Cabal packages on continuous build machines which should help us detect breakages earlier .
Making it easier to run the tests means that more people will run them and those who already do will run the more often .
Fast text / bytestring HTML combinators
We have Data .
Binary for fast serialization of data structures to byte strings to be sent over the wire .
High performance web servers need fast HTML generation too , and an approach based on Text .
Pretty Print combinators for filling unicode - friendly Data .
Text buffers would be a killer app for web content generation in Haskell .
This might mean working on BlazeHTML .
Threadscope with custom probes
ThreadScope is an amazing new tool in the Haskell universe for monitoring executing Haskell processes .
It reveals detailed information about thread and GC performance .
We ’d like to extend the tool with support for new kinds of event hooks .
Examples would be watching for MVar locks , STM contention , IO events , and more .
Combine Threadscope with Heap Profiling Tools
ThreadScope lets us monitor thread execution .
The Haskell Heap Profiler lets us monitor the Haskell heap live .
HPC lets us monitor which code is execution and when .
These should all be in an integrated tool for monitoring executing Haskell processes .
LLVM Performance Study
GHC has an LLVM backend .
The next step is to look closely at the kind of code we ’re generating to LLVM , and the optimizations LLVM performs on GHC ’s code , in order to further improve performance of Haskell code .
LLVM Cross Compiler
LLVM has support for many new backends , such as ARM .
The challenge is to use this ability to generate native code for other architectures to turn GHC into a cross- compiler ( so we could produce , e.g. ARM executables on an x86 / Linux box ) .
This will involve linker and build system hacking .
Hackage 2.0 Web Services
Hackage is the central repository for Haskell code .
It hosts around 2000 libraries , and is growing rapidly .
It can be hard to determine which packages to use .
We believe social mechanisms ( comments , voting , … ) can be very succesful in helping to both improve the quality of Hackage , and make it easier for developers to know which library to use .
This project would bring Hackage 2.0 to a deployable state , and then consider better interfaces to search and sort packages .
These are the 8 projects we felt were the most important to the community .
What do you think ?
Are there other key projects that need to be done , that will benefit large parts of the community , or enable the use of Haskell in new areas of importance ?
To play this content JavaScript must be turned on and the latest Flash player installed .
Latest Flash player available here Play in either Real OR Windows Media players
Gustave the killer crocodile has been terrorising the locals of Lake Tanganyika in Burundi for the last 20 years .
He is over six metres long , weighs a tonne and has allegedly eaten over 200 people .
Using his fearsome tail , he has been known to swipe children playing on the shore of the lake , and has been caught on camera hitting a fisherman .
Now Frenchman and Burundi resident , Patrice Faye has become a local hero after devoting his life to capturing the killer .
But so far Gustave has proved too clever for him .
At first Patrice wanted to kill the crocodile , but now he has decided to try to trap him and fit him with a tracking device so locals know his whereabouts .
Matthew Bannister spoke to Patrice and asked him all about his crocodile foe adversary .
MARIJUANA ( CANNABIS ) FACT SHEET ISSUES STUDY COMMITTEE OF THE BRUIN HUMANIST FORUM Copyrighted by the Bruin Humanist Forum 1967 Marijuana is not a narcotic .
Although California law calls it a narcotic , it is pharmacologically distinct from the family of opium derivatives and synthetic narcotics .
( Wolstenholme , 1965 ; Watt , 1965 ; Garattini , 1965 ; 1 Crim 5351 Calif .
District Court of Appeal , 1st Appel. Dist . )
Marijuana is not addicting .
The use does not develop any physical dependence ( see below ) .
( Mayor 's Committee on Marihuana , New York City , 1944 ; Allentuck & Bowman , 1942 ; Freedman & Rockmore , 1946 ; Fort , 1965a , 1965 b ; Panama Canal Zone Governor 's Committee , 1933 ; Phalen , 1943 ; Indian Hemp - Drug Commission , 1894 ; Watt , 1965 ; I Crim 5351 Calif .
District Court of Appeal , 1st Appel. Dist . ; United Nations , 1964a , 1964 b )
In a small percentage of individuals , a " psychological dependence " can develop , but a predisposition must be present .
In his paper , " Dependence of the Hashish Type , " Watt ( 1965 , p. 65 ) concludes :
The habit is gregarious and is easily abandoned .
Personality defect and incipient or existing psychotic disorder are the essential factors underlying the formation of the habit .
Marijuana is not detrimental to the user 's health .
Even when used over long periods of time , it does not appear to cause physical or psychological impairment .
( Mayor 's Committee on Marihuana , New York City , 1944 ; Freedman & Rockmore , 1946 ; Fort , 1965a , 1965 b ; Panama Canal Zone Governor 's Committee , 1933 ; Phalen , 1943 ; Indian Hemp - Drug Commission , 1894 ; Becker , 1963 ) Marijuana does not tend to release " aggressive behavior . "
On the contrary , its use inhibits aggressive behavior ; it acts as a " tranquilizer . "
( Mayor 's Committee on Marihuana , New York City , 1944 ; Fort , 1965a , 1965 b ; Panama Canal Zone Governor 's Committee , 1933 ; Phalen , 1943 ; Garattini , 1965 ) Marijuana does not " lead to " or " promote " the use of addicting drugs .
" Ninety - eight percent of heroin users started by smoking tobacco and drinking alcohol firsts " ( Mayor 's Committee on Marihuana , New York City , 1944 ; Fort , 1965a , 1965 b ; Panama Canal Zone Governor 's Committee , 1933 ; Phalen , 1943 ; Garattini , 1965 ) Marijuana comes from the Indian hemp plant , which was formerly grown widely in the United States for the making of rope , and which still grows wild in many areas .
Up until a few years ago it was a main ingredient in commercial bird - seed .
Leaves and flowering tops provide the cannabis ( commonly known in the Western Hemisphere as marijuana , grass , or pot ) ; the resin and pollen , in which the active ingredients are highly concentrated , are the source of " hashish . "
( Wolstenholme , 1965 ) The effects of smoking marijuana have been described as follows : " euphoria , reduction of fatigue , and relief of tension . . .
[ It will ] also increase appetite , distort the time sense , increase self - confidence , and , like alcohol , can relax some inhibitions . "
( Fort , 1965 ) A heightened awareness of color and of esthetic beauty , and the production of rich and novel mental associations are also commonly reported effects .
Some users report that the marijuana experience is " psychedelic " : can result in heightened awareness , or in a consciousness - expanding change in perspective , ideas about the self , life , etc. Marijuana is not , however , like LSD --- a very powerful psychedelic .
Whereas LSD drastically alters thoughts and perspective , often " jarring " the user into heightened awareness , marijuana " suggests " or points the way to a moderately deepened awareness .
The user is free to follow these potentials or not , as they present themselves .
( Mayor 's Committee on Marihuana , New York City , 1944 ; Fort , 1965a , 1965 b ; Panama Canal Zone Governor 's Committee , 1933 ; Goldstein , 1966 ; Becker , 1963 ; De Ropp , 1957 ; Indian Hemp - Drug Commission , 1894 ) Pharmacological studies of marijuana and tetrahydrocannabinol ( the major active ingredient ) are as yet inconclusive , both because of insufficient research and because of the subtlety and complexity of its effect on the human mind .
Garattini ( 1965 ) tested maze - learning in rats and found that marijuana caused no change or very slight impairment ; Carlini and Kramer ( 1965 ) found that maze - learning was significantly improved by an injection of a marijuana extract .
Multiple active ingredients are present in the marijuana plant , and these could vary in concentration ( e.g. , one of the components is sedative , and another is euphoric / psychedelic ) .
( Wolstenholme , 1965 ; Watt , 1965 ; Carlini & Kramer , 1965 ) As with other psychedelics , the effects of marijuana depend in part on how one interprets , uses , and learns to develop them .
As pointed out by many researchers in the area of philosophical / psychological effects , the environment ( " setting " ) is of great importance .
Many people have no effects whatever the first time they smoke a marijuana cigarette , but do the second or third time --- and thereafter .
Everyone has to learn the effects before he can use them to his own benefit .
( Becker , 1963 ; Fort , 1965a , 1965 b ; Indian Hemp - Drug Commission , 1894 ) Some years ago it was estimated that marijuana users numbered " several hundred thousand people in the United States , including many from the middle - class . "
( Fort , 1965a , 1965 b ) During the 1960's , however , there has been a rapid increase in the use of marijuana , particularly among " respectable " people : those in the professions , non-bohemian high school and college students , artists , writers , intellectuals , etc .
One report on campus use ( Goldstein , 1966 ) estimates that approximately 15 % of college students have used or are using marijuana , with the percentage at some large , metropolitan campuses as high as 30 - 60 % .
This same report also held that marijuana use is now becoming " respectable , " and indulged in by members of student government , campus groups , and fraternities and sororities .
( Fort , 1965a , 1965 b ; Irwin , 1966 ; Goldstein , 1966 ) Marijuana smoking does not constitute a social hazard .
Four separate official studies have been conducted on this question , as a part of a larger study : New York City Mayor 's Committee in 1944 ; a committee of the health department of the U. S. Army ; another U. S. Army committee , concerned with discipline effects ; and a very thorough study by a committee established by the British Government to study the effects in India where it is - and was - in as widespread use as is alcohol here .
All of these studies came to the conclusion : marijuana is not damaging to the user or to society , and therefore should not be outlawed .
Political and economic pressures prevented authorities in New York from carrying out the recommendations of the Mayor 's Committee --- the greatest part of the political pressure from Harry J. Anslinger , former U. S. Commissioner of Narcotics .
( Mayor 's Committee on Marihuana , New York City , 1944 ; Panama Canal Zone Governor 's Committee , 1933 ; Phalen , 1943 ; Indian Hemp - Drug Commission , 1894 )
On the grounds that marijuana is safer and more beneficial than tobacco or alcohol ( both of which are physically toxic ; both of which are addicting ) , and that there is no basis for legalizing these two dangerous drugs while outlawing one which is not dangerous , attorneys are challenging the present laws .
In the wording of one such legal brief : " The appellant contends that the classification of marijuana as a narcotic in Section 1101 ( d ) of Health and Safety Code and the marijuana prohibition law is based upon an arbitrary and unreasonable classification having no reasonable relation to the public health , safety , welfare , and morals ....
The classification of marijuana as a narcotic is unconstitutional and void in violation of the Eighth Amendment provision against cruel and unusual punishment , and the Due Process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution of the United States . "
( 1 Crim 5351 Calif. District Court of Appeal , First Appel. Dist. , pp. 61 -62 and Appendix 1 , p. 6 ) Among the authorities favoring legalization of marijuana , there have been medical doctors , lawyers , psychologists , sociologists , and even some religious leaders .
Bishop Pike , for example , supports re-legalization .
Lancet ( 1963 ) , the British journal of medicine , in an editorial in 1963 , found no good reason for marijuana being prohibited , but good reason why it should be legal .
( Irwin , 1966 ) Many authorities , however , remain opposed to the re-legalization of marijuana .
Predominantly , these are law enforcement " authorities , or politicians ( e.g. , Attorney General Lynch of California ) .
Although these authorities rarely give verifiable reasons for their insistence that marijuana be illegal , the ones which have been offered prove to be either unsubstantiated " opinions " or out - and - out mistaken data .
In this same area , there was a time when law - breakers --- taking their cue from the law - enforcement officials --- claimed marijuana use as an excuse for their crimes .
The fiction of a marijuana - crime relationship has been thoroughly detailed ( if there is any correlation at all , it is in a negative direction --- crimes of violence are drastically lower than would be statistically expected among marijuana users ) .
( Fort , 1965a , 1965 b ; Phalen , 1943 ; Anslinger , 1932 ; 1 Crim 5351 Calif.
District Court of Appeal , First Appel. Dist . ; Irwin , 1966 ; Blum & Wahl , 1965 ; Boyko , Rotberg , & Disco , 1967 ; Laurie , 1967 )
See also below , pages 337 and 339 .
Harry J. Anslinger , not one to be daunted by mere facts , included the following comments --- both of which are in diametric contradiction to statements by him before committees of the U. S. Congress : " The section noting that many criminals coming before the courts who allege that they were under the influence of marijuana when a crime was committed , and that this defense is usually without foundation and is used with the idea of obtaining lenient treatment by the courts , recommends that a defense of being under the influence of marijuana during the commission of a crime should not mitigate the penalty for a criminal act . "
( Anslinger , 1932 ) " The Narcotic Section recognizes the great danger of marijuana due to its definite impairment of the mental and the fact that its continuous use leads direct [ sic ] to the insane asylum . "
Even without the aid of Anslinger , arguments opposed to free marijuana use are contradictory , confused , and grossly innocent of verifiable facts .
( Fort , 1965a , 1965 b ; Phalen , 1943 ; Anslinger , 1932 ; 1 Crim 5351 Calif .
District Court of Appeal , First Appel. Dist . ; Irwin , 1966 ; Blum & Wahl , 1965 ; Washington Bulletin , 1963 )
In a study of police attitudes and reasoning on " drugs , " Blum and Wahl ( 1965 ) found much disagreement as to reasons why marijuana should be suppressed .
Some officers simply felt that , although marijuana was less dangerous than alcohol , society ( and the law ) disapproved of marijuana .
Reasons given for suppressing marijuana ran from claims that it caused criminal behavior [ which is , ex post facto , correct - so long as marijuana use is " criminal " ] , to the claim that it is more dangerous than alcohol because it is n't as disruptive of behavior and is therefore harder to detect .
Many " expert " groups such as WHO Expert Committee on Addiction Producing Drugs have tended to perpetuate misinformation on marijuana because of poor data [ Anslinger was the U.S. spokesman for many , many years at the U.N. ] , and a conservative reluctance toward " softening " or changing previous policies .
In the last few years , however , the World Health Organization has progressively modified its view on marijuana .
In 1964 the Expert Committee proposed revised definitions of types of drug dependence , which were subsequently adopted .
The new definition of " dependence of the Cannabis type " was as follows : " ( 1 ) a desire ( or need ) for repeated administrations of the drug on account of its subjective effects , including the feeling of enhanced capabilities ; ( 2 ) little or no tendency to increase the dose , since there is little or no development of tolerance ; ( 3 ) a psychic dependence on the effects of the drug related to subjective and individual appreciation of those effects ; ( 4 ) absence of physical dependence so that there is no definite and characteristic abstinence syndrome when the drug is discontinued . "
( United Nations , 1964 b )
The Committee actually is saying that there is no reason to keep marijuana on its list :
Its definition of dependence of the marijuana type would easily satisfy for a definition of " liking " ( i.e. , the natural tendency to repeat a pleasant and rewarding , non-harmful experience ) .
Actual dependence on marijuana is extremely rare , and depends entirely on a pre- existing psychological problem - and even this is not " addicting . "
[ See above , p. 333 ] ( Watt , 1965 ; United Nations , 1964 b )
As has been noted by many researchers , scientific as well as governmental groups which have seriously investigated the effects of marijuana on the individual and on society have consistently refused to condemn it or support legislation aimed at suppressing it ; law enforcement - oriented groups , on the other hand , including the Narcotics Experts , are very slow indeed to admit any of this evidence into the debate .
In spite of this , the Proceedings of the White House Conference on Narcotic and Drug Abuse , 27 - 28 September I962 , states : " It is the opinion of the Panel that the hazards of marijuana per se have been exaggerated , and the long criminal sentences imposed on an occasional user or possessor of the drug are in poor social perspective .
Although marijuana has long held the reputation of inciting individuals to commit sexual offenses and other antisocial acts , the evidence is inadequate to substantiate this .
Tolerance and physical dependence do not develop , and withdrawal does not produce an abstinence syndrome . "
( United Nations , 1965 ; United States , 1963 )
The following , from an editorial in the Washington Bulletin , is given here both for the illuminating facts uncovered , and as an example of the more modem approach to the " problem " of marijuana .
" Seventy years of institutional documentation indicate that this vision [ of marijuana 's " dangers " ] was a big American fib .
Latest such document is the New York County Medical Society Narcotics Sub-committee Report of May 5 , 1966 : ' There is no evidence that marijuana use is associated with crimes of violence in the United States . . . marijuana is not a narcotic , nor is it addicting . . .
New York State should take the lead in attempting to mitigate the stringent federal laws in regard to marijuana possession . '
Well , everybody knew that 10 years ago .
[ U.S. ]
House Marijuana Hearings , Ways and Means Committee , 1937 , page 24 , Rep. John Dingall : ' I 'm just wondering whether the marijuana addict [ sic ] graduates into a heroin , an opium , or a cocaine user} '
Anslinger : ' No sir .
I have not heard of a case of that kind .
I think it 's an entirely different class .
The marijuana addict [ sic ] does not go in that direction . '
Nowadays the Narcotics Bureau [ headed during this entire period by Anslinger ] propagandizes the idea that marijuana leads directly to heroin , which is obviously silly , as millions of college boys can inform their parents .
But the Narcotics Bureau has raised such an unscientific scream on this point that nothing will suffice to prove the obvious except a giant survey of comparative statistics showing that millions of pot smokers are not junkies .
When such documents are at hand , timid but sympathetic medical authorities in key places have declared themselves ready to move toward legislation , licensing or reduction of punishment for marijuana possession to the status of a parking violation . "
( Washington Bulletin , I966 ) The UCLA Law Review , in March of 1967 , published an article on California 's anti-marijuana laws , from which the following is quoted . " . . . the purpose of this article is to outline the defects in one area of both federal and state criminal law : the control of marijuana - specifically , treatment of possession of the drug , without more , as criminal .
The pattern in California , perhaps more than in any other state , has been one of legislative intransigence and increasingly harsh penalties for possession and use of marijuana .
The authors take the position that at least a portion of the existing legislation in California against marijuana --- Health and Safety Code section 11530 , imposing stringent penalties for possession of the drug irrespective of abuse --- is an unwelcome disruption of the delicate balance between reason and emotion in the state 's drug control laws ....
Although the United States Supreme Court normally has given the state legislatures an extended opportunity to clean their own houses , judicial finger - tapping where marijuana is concerned has all the signs of continuing indefinitely .
But , unbridled legislative and police suppression of all uses of marijuana , together with savage sentences for even the most innocent uses , might prove to be the source of earlier constitutional review ....
The characteristics attributed to marijuana by law enforcement agencies , legislative reports and the communications media are markedly different from , or not supported by , available scientific information ....
In this country , the only comprehensive publication at a local or state level scientifically describing the effects of marijuana is the so - called ' LaGuardia Report ' . . . reactions which are natively alien to the individual cannot be induced by the ingestion or smoking of the drug ....
An even more subtle claim , asserted primarily by law enforcement agencies , is that marijuana is a ' stepping stone ' to addictive and disabling drugs .
Not only is the alleged causal relationship unsupported in fact , but even the California Attorney General 's Office has suggested that the evidence leads to a contrary conclusion ....
In addition to the ' stepping stone ' thesis , the widely promoted claim that marijuana use causes crime is also lacking in factual support .
The LaGuardia researchers , in direct conflict with the routine alarms from law enforcement officials , found that the alleged causal connection does not exist .
. . .
Indeed , in several subsequent studies it has been shown that there is a negative correlation between crime and the use of marijuana .
. . .
Unlike ' plain drunk ' reckless driving and drunk driving statutes , protecting only against the abuses of alcohol , section 11530 [ marijuana ] declares a crime even when there is no abuse or victim .
Ironically , although it is unlawful to drive under the influence of any narcotic or any drug within the separate statutory classification of ' restricted dangerous drugs ' ( barbiturates , amphetamine and LSD ) , these driving offenses are alternatively punishable as misdemeanors , and the penalties are less severe than for possession , without use , of marijuana .
And it is only a misdemeanor to ' use ' or ' be under the influence of ' marijuana . "
( Boyko et al. , 1967 ) " These ' new ' drugs , however , were neither physically addicting nor illegal ; the dangers were considered moderate .
In fact , this moderate element of danger might have added an intriguing dimension to the undertaking .
The increased use of marihuana on college campuses appears to have a similar background with one added factor : the legal penalties are quite severe , even though , like LSD , the drug is not physically addicting .
Students , therefore , rationalize that it is a ' bad ' law which they are not obligated to obey ( an attitude somewhat similar to the reaction to Prohibition ) . " ( Kleber , 1967 ) R. D. Laing , M.D. , writing in Sigma ( Vol. 6 ) , states : " I would be far happier if my own teenage children would , without breaking the law , smoke marijuana when they wished , rather than start on the road of so many of their elders to nicotine and ethyl alcohol addiction . "
" Summary of conclusions regarding effects .
The Commission have now examined all the evidence before them regarding the effects attributed to hemp drugs .
It will be well to summarize briefly the conclusions to which they come .
It has been clearly established that the occasional use of hemp [ marijuana ] in moderate doses may be beneficial ; but this use may be regarded as medicinal in character .
It is rather to the popular and common use of the drugs that the Commission will now confine their attention .
It is convenient to consider the effects separately as affecting the physical , mental or moral nature .
In regard to the physical effects , the Commission have come to the conclusion that the moderate use of hemp drugs is practically attended by no evil results at all .
There may be exceptional cases in which , owing to idiosyncracies of constitution , the drugs in even moderate use may be injurious .
There is probably nothing the use of which may not possibly be injurious in cases of exceptional intolerance ....
In respect to the alleged mental effects of the drugs , the Commission have come to the conclusion that the moderate use of hemp drugs produces no injurious effects on the mind ....
In regard to the moral effects of the drugs , the Commission are of the opinion that their moderate use produces no moral injury whatever .
There is no adequate ground for believing that it injuriously affects the character of the consumer . . . for all practical purposes it may be laid down that there is little or no connection between the use of hemp drugs and crime .
Viewing the subject generally , it may be added that the moderate use of these drugs is the rule , and that excessive use is comparatively exceptional . "
( Indian Hemp - Drug Commission , 1894 ) " The psychic habituation to marihuana is not so strong as to tobacco or alcohol ....
There is no evidence to suggest that the continued use of marihuana is a stepping stone to the use of opiates .
Prolonged use of the drug does not lead to mental , physical , or moral degeneration , nor have we observed any permanent deleterious effects from its continued use . "
( Allentuck & Bowman , 1942 ) " There are no apparent reasons for cannabis ' status as a Dangerous Drug .
It is not addictive , its use does not in Western society cause crime or unacceptable sexuality , and it does not lead to addiction to the hard drugs .
The major problem with this drug is that it is illegal .
This has three undesirable effects : first , an underground , cannabis - using sub - culture is created and maintained that puts the potential heroin addict one step nearer access to the hard drugs ; second , it lessens respect for D.D.A. [ Dangerous Drug Act ] drugs in the thousands of young people who have tried marihuana or hashish and know from personal experience how harmless the drug is ; third , it causes considerable waste of man-power , either through creative and educated people being sent to prison for possession of the drug -a Glasgow doctor was sentenced to six months recently - or through the use of policemen who would be better otherwise employed , to track down the drug and its users . "
( Laurie , I967 ) " The smoking of the leaves , flowers and seeds of Cannabis sativa [ marijuana ] is no more harmful than the smoking of tobacco or mullein or sumac leaves ....
The legislation in relation to marihuana was ill - advised . . . it branded as a menace and a crime a matter of trivial importance ....
It is hoped that no witch - hunt will be instituted in the military service over a problem that does not exist . "
( Phalen , 1943 ) " The controls over marihuana under federal [ law ] and state laws are dissimilar .
Under the federal law , marihuana is not considered a narcotic drug .
On the other hand , many states have covered marihuana by including it within the definition of ' narcotic drug ' since adoption of the Uniform Narcotic Drug Act in 1932 .
Marihuana is equated in many state laws with the narcotic drugs because the abuse characteristics [ under current laws , all use is ' abuse ' ] of the two types of drugs , the methods of illicit trafficking [ all exchange of pot is ' illicit ' ] , and the types of traffickers have a great deal in common ....
Because marihuana does not result in physical dependence , the physician need not apply himself to physical complications of withdrawal ....
No physical dependence or tolerance has been demonstrated .
Neither has it been demonstrated that cannabis causes any lasting mental or physical changes . "
( A.M.A. Committee on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence , 1967 ) " Two of the most common and widely used psychic modifiers are cannabis and alcohol ....
First , marijuana is most often used in a social setting , in a group of users who mutually enjoy the effects of the drug .
Second , the intent is to heighten enjoyment of outer experiences , e.g. , conversation , listening to or performing music , dancing , joking .
Unlike the Brahman priest , whose vocabulary during his intoxication is limited to repeating one of the names of his God , the marijuana devotee laughs , giggles , eats without restraint , tells jokes , participates in sexual relationships , and takes pleasure in the company of both men and women , especially if they are also using marijuana .
Third , the effects are interpreted by a marijuana - user as analogous to those of alcohol .
He prefers marijuana because the effects are more rapid and ' neater ' ; there is no hangover , and no debilitating physical consequences of chronic use .
Thus , the use of cannabis in our society is to attain an experience which , far from renouncing the active life in favor of contemplative , ascetic ideal , affirms the pleasures of sex , music , food , laughter , and human companionship . "
( Chein et al. , 1964 ) " A characteristic marihuana psychosis does not exist .
Marihuana will not produce a psychosis de nova . . . "
" But even excessive marijuana use is less likely to lead to aggressive or anti-social conduct than immoderate consumption of alcohol . "
( Allentuck & Bowman , 1942 ; Boyko et al. , 1967 ; Murphy , 1963 )
The following excerpt is from a letter to The Princetonian , Princeton University , by the Director of Counseling Services at Princeton .
" If and when the severe laws governing marijuana are to receive the review they probably deserve , this will come about only after a significant level of public interest and influential desire has been achieved .
. . .
In the meantime the underground tide of illegal use will continue to swell and ' lamentable affairs ' [ arrests ] will occur .
In judging the reasonableness of current laws , and indeed current clandestine marijuana use , the individual should probe the facts , rather than merely harbor widespread and misinformed assumptions which often yield a sort of sociological hysteria whenever the subject is raised .
In the confidential settings of the Counseling Services and the Health Services , whenever the subject of marijuana is discussed we are pleased to find that factual information usually helps clear away much of the undue anxiety stemming from the popular myths surrounding this subject in our society at - large .
Recognizing the reality of existing laws , and recognizing the fact that every individual must come to terms with such realities in his own way , we hope we may find ways to be helpful to students currently faced with such quandaries . "
( MacNaughton , 1967 )
An arch - critic of climate scientists has won a major victory in his campaign to win access to British university data that could reveal details of Europe 's past climate .
In a landmark ruling , the UK Information Commissioner 's Office has ruled that Queen 's University Belfast must hand over data obtained during 40 years of research into 7,000 years of Irish tree rings to a City banker and part - time climate analyst , Doug Keenan .
This week , the Belfast ecologist who collected most of the data , Professor Mike Baillie , described the ruling as " a staggering injustice ...
We are the ones who trudged miles over bogs and fields carrying chain saws .
We prepared the samples and - using quite a lot of expertise and judgment – we measured the ring patterns .
Each ring pattern therefore has strong claims to be our copyright .
Now , for the price of a stamp , Keenan feels he is entitled to be given all this data . "
Keenan revealed this week that he is launching a new assault .
On Monday , he demanded the university also hand over emails that could reveal a three - year conspiracy to block his data request .
Keenan has become notorious for pursuing a series of vitriolic disputes with British academics over climate data .
Two years ago , he accused Phil Jones of the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia of " fraud " over his analysis of data from weather stations in China .
Jones recently conceded he may have to revise the paper concerned .
The latest ruling comes from Graham Smith , deputy information commissioner , who in January said information requests to CRU from climate sceptics were " not dealt with as they should have been under the legislation . "
In the Belfast case , as well as insisting the university hand over the data , Smith has accused the university authorities of " a number of procedural breaches . "
The case goes back to April 2007 , when Keenan asked Queen 's University for all data from tree - ring studies by Baillie and others .
The data covers more than 7,000 years .
They contain upwards of 1 m measurements from 11,000 tree samples , mostly of oak .
The university turned down Keenan 's request , citing a range of exemptions allowed under both the Freedom of Information Act and the European Union 's environmental information regulations .
Keenan appealed to the information commissioner .
Over the subsequent three years , the university has claimed that it did not have to supply the data because it would be too time - consuming ; because the data does not amount to environmental information ; because the research is unfinished ; because the data is private property , commercially confidential and of " negligible " public interest – and because Keenan would not understand them .
But Smith says the university , one of the world 's leading centres for tree - ring research , is wrong on each count .
His judgment notes that rather than taking 12 months to collate the data , as the university at first claimed , it would take 12 hours .
Smith chastised the university for failing to comply with a number of regulations in assessing Keenan 's original request .
The university has until 3 May to provide the data to Keenan , unless it appeals .
The university says it is " considering its position . "
Keenan says he believes the Irish tree rings could bolster the case that there was a widespread medieval warm period on Earth 1,000 years ago .
This is contentious because it would question the suggestion that warming in the 20th century was unique in recent history .
Baillie says his data wo n't help either way in this argument .
Last year he and his Belfast colleague Ana Garcia - Suarez , published a study showing that Irish oaks record summer rainfall well , but not temperature .
" Keenan is the only person in the world claiming that our oak - ring patterns are temperature records , " Baillie told the Guardian .
Keenan , who admits he has no expertise in tree - ring analysis , says that whatever the data may or may not reveal , the university has no right to keep the data secret .
The deputy information commissioner agrees .
The finding , combined with Smith 's earlier strictures against the University of East Anglia , could have widespread repercussions for academic research .
Baillie calls the ruling " a direct , and unpleasant , off - shoot of the information revolution .
It now appears that research data can be demanded , and indeed obtained , by anyone . "
Keenan , meanwhile , has upped the ante .
Following the ruling , he this week asked the university to supply emails between Baillie and the head of the university 's centre for climate , environment and chronology , Paula Reimer over the past three years .
He told the Guardian they could reveal a conspiracy to prevent him getting Baillie 's data .
" The university has obviously not understood how things changed in the wake of climategate , " he said .
" They still think they can act with impunity . "
GOP Hopes to Blame Dems for Expiration of Unemployment Benefits
Created : April 01 , 2010 12:36 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
From the department of irony comes this Roll Call story indicating that Senate Republicans — whose objections to a one - month extension of the filing deadline for unemployment benefits will affect hundreds of thousands of jobless folks next week — are hoping to blame Democrats for their inability to pass the extension bill .
A GOP leadership aide said that while “ unemployment and welfare have traditionally been Democratic issues , ” Republicans believe the inability of Democrats to pass an extension last week can play to their favor .
To understand how requires a closer look at what happened on the Senate floor last week .
The House last month passed a bill extending the UI filing deadline ( not to be confused with the creation of additional UI benefits ) through April .
The Senate was hoping to pass the same measure unanimously , but Sen . Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) objected , insisting that the $ 9.2 billion cost be offset with unspent stimulus funds .
Coburn ’s objection left Democratic leaders scrambling in search of a way to push the deadline in the short window they had left before the spring recess .
With GOP leaders , they agreed on a one - week UI extension , meaning the deadline would arrive on the same day that Congress is scheduled to return to Washington from their two - week break .
But House Democrats rejected that strategy , leaving Senate leaders with no choice but to adjourn without addressing the issue .
( A cloture vote on the extension is scheduled for April 12 ) .
So it ’s the House Democrats ’ rejection of the one - week extension — not Coburn ’s rejection of the one - week extension — that Republicans hope to focus on during the recess .
The bad behavior of Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback ’
Ben Roethlisberger resulted Wednesday in a six - game suspension by the NFL and reportedly has triggered what once would have been unthinkable :
The Steelers are testing the market to trade him .
According to an ESPN report , Pittsburgh has been contacting teams selecting in the top 10 of this year ’s draft , which begins at 4:30 p.m. PDT Thursday , to gauge interest in the two - time Super Bowl winner .
By Wednesday afternoon , the network reported the Steelers had talked to St. Louis , San Francisco , Oakland , Jacksonville , Seattle and Cleveland .
The 49ers are the only club without a top - 10 pick ( 13 and 17 ) .
In a conference call with reporters , Steelers President Art Rooney II was vague on the subject but did n’t deny his team was shopping the quarterback , who last month was accused of sexually assaulting a 20 - year - old college student in Georgia but will not face charges .
“ As we ’ve said before , we really ca n’t answer questions about trades , particularly this time of year , ” Rooney said .
“ We go into every draft with the idea that we ’re going to do anything we ’ve got to do to make our team a better football team .
We just have to stick with that and not discuss trades in advance . ”
What ’s clear is the league and the Steelers have all but run out of patience with Roethlisberger , who last year faced similar accusations by a woman in Nevada .
That case also did not bring criminal charges .
Since then , reports have swirled that there ’s a pattern of bad off - field behavior by the quarterback who once was among the NFL ’s most popular players .
Roethlisberger will be suspended without pay for six games -- losing $ 2.8 million in salary -- for violating the league ’s personal - conduct policy , and he must undergo a “ comprehensive behavioral evaluation by medical professionals , ” the NFL said .
There is some flexibility to the suspension .
It could be reduced to four games for good behavior after that behavioral evaluation has taken place , but Roethlisberger cannot attend any Steelers offseason activity until he completes the evaluation process .
“ We ’re trying to affect behavior here , ” said NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , who has a reputation for disciplining players who run afoul of league policies .
“ We ’re trying to make people understand their responsibility , live up to that standard , avoid making mistakes and use good judgment .
“ We ’re trying to have early intervention so that we can avoid people having criminal activity , deal with the issues and try to get them straightened out so they can lead productive lives .
And if they can be great NFL players , terrific . ”
Rooney said the Steelers support Goodell ’s decision and that the club was willing to suspend Roethlisberger if the league did not .
“ We do have high standards here , ” Rooney said .
“ But by the same token , we understand that we ’re in the people business and people make mistakes .
And when they do , we have to follow the procedures . ”
So far , there ’s no indication Roethlisberger plans to appeal the suspension .
Rooney was part of the phone call Wednesday when Goodell informed Roethlisberger of the suspension .
“ His intent here is to follow the program the commissioner sets out , ” Rooney said .
“ It ’s our hope and our expectation that that ’s what he ’s going to do . ”
sam.farmer@latimes.com
Do n’t be that guy .
—
Yo dudes .
Buttersafe Expo 2010 is almost upon us !
A day of pizza and good times !
If you have n’t already , check out the website for details , or check the forum to see what plans other folks are making !
Hooray !!!
- Ray
New Zealand 's parliament is preparing to vote on a major patent reform bill that will tighten the country 's standards of patentability .
One of the most significant changes in the proposed bill is a specific patentability exclusion for software .
If the bill receives parliamentary approval in its current form , it will broadly eliminate conventional software patents in New Zealand .
The bill was drafted by the Select Commerce Committee , which decided to include the exclusion after reviewing feedback from the software industry .
The bill 's official summary acknowledges that software patents are detrimental to the open source software development model and have the potential to seriously stifle innovation .
" Protecting software by patenting is inconsistent with the open source model , and its proponents oppose it .
A number of submitters argued that there is no ' inventive step ' in software development , as ' new ' software invariably builds on existing software , " the bill summary says .
" They felt that computer software should be excluded from patent protection as software patents can stifle innovation and competition , and can be granted for trivial or existing techniques .
In general we accept this position . "
The Commerce Committee says that the ban on software patents will not block companies from patenting hardware inventions that encompass embedded software .
It will be up to the Intellectual Property Office of New Zealand to craft the specific rules for determining what kind of embedded software is patentable .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Light to moderate alcohol consumption , especially red wine , is not only good for a woman ’s heart , it ’s also good for her waistline , according to a study reported Monday .
A wine selector tastes red wine from the latest vintage at Bonini winery 's wine - cellar in the village of Brestovitsa , about 150 km ( 93 miles ) east of the capital Sofia , December 8 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Oleg Popov
The study started out with nearly 20,000 trim middle - aged and older women .
Over time , women who drank alcohol in moderation put on less weight and were less apt to become overweight compared to non-drinkers .
This was true even after taking into account various lifestyle and dietary factors that might influence a woman ’s weight .
Red wine seemed best at keeping weight in check , but white wine , beer and spirits also had some benefit .
“ Our study results showed that middle - aged and older women who have normal body weight initially and consume light - to - moderate amount of alcohol could maintain their drinking habits without gaining more weight compared with similar women who did not drink any alcohol , ” Dr. Lu Wang from the division of preventive medicine , Brigham and Women ’s Hospital , Boston , noted in an email to Reuters Health .
Many prior studies have suggested that moderate drinking -- usually defined as a drink or two a day -- can be a healthy habit , particularly with regard to heart health , while heavy drinking can harm health .
The new study , published in the latest issue of Archives of Internal Medicine , is the first to examine ties between alcohol consumption by a normal - weight individual and the risk of becoming overweight or obese .
The women were all at least 39 years old when the study began .
About 38 percent said they did not drink alcohol ; 33 percent said they drank less than 5 grams daily ( a standard drink has about 10 grams of alcohol ) ; 20 percent drank 5 to less than 15 grams daily ; 6 percent drank 15 to less than 30 grams daily ; and 3 percent downed 30 grams of alcohol or more daily ( about 2 to 3 drinks per day or more ) .
Over an average of about 13 years , the women generally gained weight .
However , the teetotalers gained the most weight , with weight gain decreasing with increasing amount of alcohol consumed .
Women who did not drink gained an average of 3.63 kilograms ( 8 pounds ) compared with 1.55 kilograms ( 3.4 pounds ) for those who consumed 30 grams of alcohol or more each day .
During the 13 years the initially normal - weight women were followed , 41 percent became overweight or obese .
Women who drank 15 to less than 30 grams per day had the lowest risk of becoming overweight or obese , which was 30 percent less than that of non-drinkers .
Put another way , Wang said an initially trim woman who did not drink alcohol had about a 43 percent chance of becoming overweight or obese over 13 years .
Her risk fell to 33 percent if she drank 15 to 30 grams of alcohol a day .
Women who drank higher amounts of alcohol were generally more physically active , weighed slightly less at the outset and were more apt to be smokers , than other women .
However , the association between drinking and less weight gain and risk of becoming overweight or obese remained strong after accounting for these factors .
This suggests that alcohol may independently affect body weight beyond its relationship with diet and lifestyle factors .
There are several reasons why alcohol might help women stay trim , Wang told Reuters Health .
In the current study , women consuming more alcohol ate less , particularly carbohydrates -- a finding seen in other studies .
Moreover , it ’s been shown that women tend to expend more energy after drinking alcohol -- more so than that contained in the alcohol .
“ Taken together , regular alcohol consumption in light - to - moderate amount may lead to a net energy loss among women , ” Wang said .
SOURCE : Archives of Internal Medicine , March 8 , 2010 .
高麗人参で毎日元気 ！
高麗人参は、和名でオタネニンジンとも呼ばれている健康食品です。
主にウコギ科の薬用植物の根っこを指します。
サポニンという有用成分が豊富に含まれており、様々な目的に活用することが出来る健康素材です。
高麗人参には、多いもので約40種類にものぼるサポニンが含まれていて、それらが複合的に働くことで身体的・精神的に様々なパワーを感じることができるのです。
健康維持にはもちろん、美容にも活用することができます。
このブログでは、そんな高麗人参の使い方や選び方をサポート。
さらに、人気のあるサプリメントを詳細に検証しました！
ランキングでは、本当に優秀な製品だけを掲載！
「 効果なし？」の真偽を確認しています。
「 効果なし」は本当 ？
高麗人参は、古くからアジアで愛用され続けている漢方薬・生薬です。
漢方の世界では上薬という 「質の高い漢方」に位置付けられています。
上薬の特徴は・・ ・
「 長期間にわたり使い続けることで、実感度が高まっていく」というもの。
健康の根幹に働きかけて、「特定の悩み」ではなく身体全体を健やかにしてくれるという性質を持っています。
しかし、世間一般では 「 神秘の薬 」 「万能」と言うように、高麗人参を曖昧な形でもてはやしてしまいがち。
そんな曖昧な情報に惑わされて「飲めばすぐに実感できる」と誤解してしまう人が多いのです。
とはいえ、高麗人参は医薬品ではありませんから、一回飲んだ、三日飲んだという使い方では100％のパワーを発揮できません。
上記したとおり、上薬ですから、継続して摂取することで身体を労わります。
その点を勘違いしてしまった人が「効果なし」とレビューしてしまっているのかも知れませんね。
人参は医薬品とは根本的に異なります。
だから、長期的なスパンで活用することが大切なのです。
良い製品（サプリ）を選び、しっかりと飲み続けていけば、満足のいく実感を得ることができるはずです。
“ If you liked the bailouts in 2008 , you ’ll love the Dodd bill , ” Sen . David Vitter ( R. - La. ) tells HUMAN EVENTS .
“ Congressional Democrats and the Obama Administration want to create a permanent bailout mechanism all while spouting their rhetoric of getting tough on Wall Street , but if you look at who is already lining up to support their ‘ reform ’ measure it ’s a who ’s who of the big banks that have already received the taxpayer bailout the first time . ”
Vitter is right to note that Wall Street supports this measure .
Why ?
Because big investment houses realize they ’ll get bailed out and would have less reason to worry about risky behavior .
Sen. Chris Dodd ( D. - Conn. ) crafted the Senate version of so - called “ Financial Reform ” with the support of the President .
The procedure used to date resembles the non-transparent and secretive tactics used to pass ObamaCare .
The Senate Banking
Committee marked up the bill in 22 minutes , with no amendments offered and no debate allowed .
Now , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and President Obama are trying to rush the bill to the floor before the American people have a chance to understand that it contains a hidden , permanent bailout fund .
The Dodd legislation may be on the floor of the Senate as early as next week .
A version passed the House , in a slightly different form , on December 11 by a 223 - to - 202 margin .
Much like with ObamaCare , any bill that passes the Senate will then be sent to the House .
There are two specific problems with the Senate approach to “ reform . ”
First , this legislation would create a new $ 50 - billion bailout slush fund controlled by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) .
Very big banks and other “ eligible financial companies ” would be taxed by the FDIC to build up this fund .
As with any tax , though , it ’s consumers -- you and me–who would eventually pay this levy .
The Obama Administration this weekend requested that the $ 50 billion pre-funded bailout money be removed from the bill .
But according to Foxnews.com , Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner advocated last year that any bailout funding should be addressed post bailout through a tax on big Wall Street firms .
If Senate Democrats only take out the $ 50 billion slush fund and leave the bailout authority intact , then the taxpayers will still be on the hook for any future bailouts .
Another problem with this bill is that it would bail out the creditors of companies and would n’t require any creditor to take a loss after a company starts to fail .
If the bailout slush fund is tapped , the FDIC would have the power to reimburse creditors .
That could allow the FDIC to pay creditors more than they invested ( pursuant to Section 210 of the Dodd bill ) .
Think about that .
If creditors know they are n’t likely take a loss , and risk has been eliminated from an investment , its taxpayers who are assuming all the risk .
Of course , taxpayers get none of the rewards if the investments pay off–we would simply be on the hook if they fail .
Taxpayers could expect no reward for having insured transactions and protected wealthy investors from any risk .
The AIG bailout is a great example of this model .
If the strong - arm tactics used in the passage of ObamaCare are any lesson to Americans , we should get ready for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D. - Nev. ) to block all amendments in an attempt to jam a bad bill through the Senate .
The Senate bill has many problems , but the multiple bailouts in the bill should raise the eyebrows of Tea Partiers nationwide and taxpayers who are concerned about becoming the insurer of last resort for Wall Street gamblers .
Talk about taking another giant leap in the wrong direction .
Fresh off his successful ( for now ) effort to ram through an unpopular healthcare “ reform ” law , President Barack Obama is now fighting for legislation on Capitol Hill that would set up a permanent fund to bail out companies in the financial sector .
Of course , that ’s not how his team is spinning things .
On the White House Blog , Jen Psaki claims that “ under the Senate bill , the taxpayers will never be asked to foot the bill for Wall Street ’s irresponsibility . ”
But that ’s simply not true .
If gold ends up rocketing higher as bulls expect , it could turn John Paulson into one of the richest men in the entire world , if not the richest .
This is because much of the world 's wealthy lost money during the recent crisis and remain long the world economy , in contrast to Mr. Paulson .
Money Morning :
On that famed list , at No. 33 , is where you 'll find Paulson today .
The hedge - fund manager 's financial acumen led to what is now being called the " the greatest trade ever . "
By shorting the subprime mortgage market , Paulson & Co. Inc. generated a $ 15 billion gain .
Paulson 's personal net worth of $ 6 billion is impressive in its own right .
But over the next several years , I believe that Paulson 's trading savvy will vault him into the top spot .
And the vehicle that will take him there is gold .
It 's an interesting thought , that Mr. Paulson could become the wealthiest person .
It 's actually possible , but would be very challenging to achieve .
According to Forbes , Warren Buffett 's wealth comes to $ 40 billion at # 2 .
Yet this wealth could be under pressure if the world economy stagnates and Mr. Buffett 's company , Berkshire Hathaway , merely grinds forward .
Bill Gates was # 1 at $ 50 billion , but has a similar problem as Mr. Buffett given that most of his wealth is in Microsoft .
Meanwhile John Paulson doubled his wealth to $ 6 billion in 2008 betting against the real estate market and is now near $ 6.8 billion .
Now , he 's a huge proponent of gold , which could conceivably rally while Berkshire and Microsoft go nowhere or fall .
Far more importantly , unlike Mr. Buffett or Bill Gates , Mr. Paulson can earn juicy hedge fund performance fees off of the 30 + billion dollars in assets under management at his hedge fund Paulson & Co .
Thus a few killer years for the fund could earn a lot of fees .
If you double $ 30 billion of assets , yet take a 20 % performance fee , you earn $ 6 billion right there .
Poor Warren Buffett does n't collect these 20 % cuts of other Berkshire shareholders ' gains .
He simply collects the profit from his own shares and takes a relatively small salary .
Gates ' wealth simply goes whereever Microsoft goes .
Hence if gold really shoots the moon , and say quintuples to $ 5000 , there 's a chance that Mr. Paulson 's personal asset gains plus massive performance fees could vault him over Warren Buffett and Bill Gates ' top spots .
Such a scenario would likely make him look like a new Warren Buffett , but there 's a huge difference .
Paulson would make money on a giant speculative bet , and the majority of his wealth would likely be created via fees , not personal asset gains .
Thus his personal performance would be vastly higher than his investors ' and would be less due to investment acumen and more due to his sweet fee structure .
This is a far cry from Mr. Buffett 's no-fee , diversified , and conservative investment - built wealth .
Firstborn sons of British Asian families are n't so much raised as feted , and as a child I became quite comfortable being a little prince .
At seven years old , I wanted the privileges of primogeniture to carry on forever .
When people asked what I wanted to be when I grew up , I responded with the full spectrum of acceptable answers : Accountant !
Dentist !
Quantity Surveyor !
Secretly , though , I wanted to be full - time royalty .
From what I saw of the British monarchy – and I have yet to be disabused of this view – it seemed that if you were born in the right place and time , you could enjoy almost permanent adulation , free money and long hours of indolence .
I mention this first because earlier this year a trickle , and then a flood , of email asked whether I was , in fact a prince .
Specifically , people asked whether I was Maitreya – The World Teacher – a prince of peace , the leader of a movement that might be able to save the planet from itself .
Others wrote to ask whether I was the antichrist , the Prince of Darkness .
As the Guardian reported , the deluge began after a number of coincidences seemed to match me up with the man foretold by followers of a group called Share International , founded by Scottish mystic Benjamin Crème .
I 'd done little to earn the title of Maitreya , though I admit some parallels between my life and that described in the prophecy .
Have I lived in London ?
Yes .
Am I interested in social justice and sharing the world 's resources ?
Indeed I am .
Do I care about feeding the world ?
Certainly .
Was I on American television soon before Crème announced the arrival of Maitreya ?
Sort of .
On 12 January , I appeared on a spoof rightwing talk show called the Colbert Report .
I 'd also been on BBC World , CNN , Democracy Now and al - Jazeera before then , but it seems you can't be a deity unless you do Comedy Central .
So what , according to Share International , does Maitreya do ?
Through a doctrine of sharing , fraternity , social justice and co-operation , he ( and it does seem to be a he , not a she ) brings humanity back from economic and ecological collapse through new forms of spiritual community .
As it happens , I do think that sharing , fraternity , justice and co-operation are terrific things .
I also think that prioritising the needs of the poor , hungry and oppressed is a non-negotiable part of a sustainable future .
Unfortunately , I think that 's where the resemblances end .
It frustrates me only a little less than it might disappoint those looking for Maitreya that , in fact , I 'm just an ordinary bloke .
Not that my protests of not - being - the - messiah have been heeded .
I wrote a short piece on my blog suggesting that , like the hero of Life of Brian , I was the victim of a case of mistaken identity , and that " you 've got to work it out for yourselves " .
This did n't fly .
I was reminded by my correspondents that the Maitreya would deny divinity .
And when I suggested that I was n't the messiah , " but a very naughty boy " , others pointed out that this was exactly what Lucifer would say .
Crème himself has n't been able to help .
He was recently interviewed by Mick Brown , the author of The Spiritual Tourist , and Crème suggested that I was n't the messiah but , instead , more closely resembled " that chap who does the cricket on the radio " – possibly Jonathan Agnew .
But that has n't stopped the internet from churning out its particular brand of speculation , and for the media to amplify the frenzy .
In part , I suspect the reason the story is n't going away – the New York Times just ran a followup – is because it fits a narrative in which we 're steeped from birth .
From the Bible to Knight Rider to The Matrix , the story 's the same : in crappy times , a single person will emerge to make all the difference and turn everything around .
Although it makes for great viewing , it makes for a bad society .
Ultimately , tales about messiahs are bedtime stories steeped in power .
They 're debilitating soporifics , inducements to be passive as we wait for social change because , some day , our prince will come .
Why wait , though ?
If the world is to transform , faith in politicians offering hope and change is a recipe for disappointment .
Ask almost anyone who voted for Obama .
Change happens through millions of acts of rebellion and mutual aid , not through faith in one great leader .
What 's depressing about this whole Maitreya thing is that it is a sign that we 've given up on ourselves , that we need to depend on The One rather than finding the means to fix our own problems directly .
The thing is that there are millions of world teachers already .
I 've been lucky enough to report what they 're teaching : from former petrol - pump attendants in South Africa to masked women in Mexico , leaders are subjecting themselves to democratic control , and messing with the boundaries of private property so that everyone gets to share the world 's resources .
Their vision of the commons looks a lot like what Maitreya might bring to Earth ( and for which Elinor Ostrom won the Nobel prize in economics last year ) .
And the good news is that it has been here all along .
This , at least , is the world I 'm keen to live in : one without princes but with billions of world teachers , in which we live under neither God nor Master .
It 's a recipe for change that makes for poor storytelling but great politics .
The only problem is how to condense it so that someone can chisel it in stone .
Tim Berners - Lee
Date : 2006 - 07 - 27 , last change : $ Date : 2009/06/18 18:24:33 $
Status : personal view only .
Editing status : imperfect but published .
Up to Design Issues
Linked Data
The Semantic Web is n't just about putting data on the web .
It is about making links , so that a person or machine can explore the web of data .
With linked data , when you have some of it , you can find other , related , data .
Like the web of hypertext , the web of data is constructed with documents on the web .
However , unlike the web of hypertext , where links are relationships anchors in hypertext documents written in HTML , for data they links between arbitrary things described by RDF , .
The URI s identify any kind of object or concept .
But for HTML or RDF , the same expectations apply to make the web grow :
Use URI s as names for things Use HTTP URI s so that people can look up those names .
When someone looks up a URI , provide useful information , using the standards ( RDF * , SPARQL )
Include links to other URIs .
so that they can discover more things .
Simple .
In fact , though , a surprising amount of data is n't linked in 2006 , because of problems with one or more of the steps .
This article discusses solutions to these problems , details of implementation , and factors affecting choices about how you publish your data .
The four rules
I 'll refer to the steps above as rules , but they are expectations of behavior .
Breaking them does not destroy anything , but misses an opportunity to make data interconnected .
This in turn limits the ways it can later be reused in unexpected ways .
It is the unexpected re-use of information which is the value added by the web .
The first rule , to identify things with URI s , is pretty much understood by most people doing semantic web technology .
If it does n't use the universal URI set of symbols , we do n't call it Semantic Web .
The second rule , to use HTTP URI s , is also widely understood .
The only deviation has been , since the web started , a constant tendency for people to invent new URI schemes ( and sub - schemes within the urn : scheme ) such as LSID s and handles and XRI s and DOI s and so on , for various reasons .
Typically , these involve not wanting to commit to the established Domain Name System ( DNS ) for delegation of authority but to construct something under separate control .
Sometimes it has to do with not understanding that HTTP URI s are names ( not addresses ) and that HTTP name lookup is a complex , powerful and evolving set of standards .
This issue discussed at length elsewhere , and time does not allow us to delve into it here .
[ @@ref TAG finding , etc ] )
The third rule , that one should serve information on the web against a URI , is , in 2006 , well followed for most ontologies , but , for some reason , not for some major datasets .
One can , in general , look up the properties and classes one finds in data , and get information from the RDF , RDFS , and OWL ontologies including the relationships between the terms in the ontology .
The basic format here for RDF / XML , with its popular alternative serialization N3 ( or Turtle ) .
Large datasets provide a SPARQL query service , but the basic linked data should br provided as well .
Many research and evaluation projects in the few years of the Semantic Web technologies produced ontologies , and significant data stores , but the data , if available at all , is buried in a zip archive somewhere , rather than being accessible on the web as linked data .
The Biopax project , the CSAktive data on computer science research people and projects were two examples .
[ The CSAktive data is now ( 2007 ) available as linked data ]
There is also a large and increasing amount of URI s of non-ontology data which can be looked up .
Semantic wikis are one example .
The " Friend of a friend " ( FOAF ) and Description of a Project ( DOAP ) ontologies are used to build social networks across the web .
Typical social network portals do not provide links to other sites , nor expose their data in a standard form .
LiveJournal and Opera Community are two portal web sites which do in fact publish their data in RDF on the web .
( Plaxo has a trail scheme , and I 'm not sure whether they support knows links ) .
This means that I can write in my FOAF file that I know Håkon Lie by using his URI in the Opera Community data , and a person or machine browsing that data can then follow that link and find all his friends .
[ Update : ]
Also , the Opera Community site allows you to register the RDF URI for yourelf on another site .
This means that public data about you from different sites can be linked together into one web , and a person or machine starting with your Opera identity can find the others .
The fourth rule , to make links elsewhere , is necessary to connect the data we have into a web , a serious , unbounded web in which one can find al kinds of things , just as on the hypertext web we have managed to build .
In hypertext web sites it is considered generally rather bad etiquette not to link to related external material .
The value of your own information is very much a function of what it links to , as well as the inherent value of the information within the web page .
So it is also in the Semantic Web .
So let 's look at the ways of linking data , starting with the simplest way of making a link .
Basic web look - up
The simplest way to make linked data is to use , in one file , a URI which points into another .
When you write an RDF file , say < http://example.org/smith>, then you can use local identifiers within the file , say #albert , #brian and #carol .
In N3 you might say
<#albert > fam : child < #brian > , < #carol >.
or in RDF / XML
< rdf: Description about= " #albert "
< fam : child rdf: Resource= " #brian " >
< fam : child rdf: Resource= " #carol " >
</rdf:Description >
The WWW architecture now gives a global identifier " http://example.org/smith#albert " to Albert .
This is a valuable thing to do , as anyone on the planet can now use that global identifier to refer to Albert and give more information .
For example , in the document < http://example.org/jones> someone might write :
<#denise > fam : child < #edwin > , < smith#carol >.
or in RDF / XML
< rdf: Description about= " #denise "
< fam : child rdf: Resource= " #edwin " >
< fam : child rdf: Resource = " http://example.org/smith#carol " >
</rdf:Description >
Clearly it is reasonable for anyone who comes across the identifier ' http://example.org/smith#carol " to :
Form the URI of the document by truncating before the hash Access the document to obtain information about #carol
We call this dereferencing the URI .
This is basic semantic web .
There are several variations .
Variation : URIs without Slashes and HTTP 303
There are some circumstances in which dividing identifiers into documents does n't work very well .
There may logically be one global symbol per document per document , and there is a reluctance to include a # in the URI such as
http://wordnet.example.net/antidisesablishmentarianism#word
FOAF
HTTP
URI
An HTTP GET request on the URI of the concept returns 303 See Also and gives in the Location : header , the URI of the document .
The document is retrieved as normal
This method has the advantage that URI s can be made up of all forms .
It has the disadvantage that an HTTP request mBrowse - ableust be made for every single one .
In the case of Dublin Core , for example , dc:title and dc:creator etc are in fact served by the same ontology document , but one does not know until they have each been fetched and returned HTTP redirections .
Variation : FOAF and rdfs:seeAlso
The Friend - Of - A - Friend convention uses a form of data link , but not using either of the two forms mentioned above .
To refer to another person in a FOAF file , the convention was to give two properties , one pointing to the document they are described in , and the other for identifying them within that document .
< #i > foaf : knows [
foaf :mbox < mailto:joe@example.com >;
rdfs:seeAlso < http://example.com/foaf/joe> ] .
Read , " I know that which has email joe@example.com and about which more information is in < http://example.com/foafjoe> " .
In fact , for privacy , often people do n't put their email addresses on the web directly , but in fact put a one - way hash ( SHA - 1 ) of their email address and give that .
This clever trick allows people who know their email address already to work out that it is the same person , without giving the email away to others .
< #i > foaf : knows [
foaf:mbox_sha1sum " 2738167846123764823647 " ; # @@ dummy
rdfs:seeAslo < http://example.com/foaf/joe> ] .
This linking system was very successful , forming a growing social network , and dominating , in 2006 , the linked data available on the web .
However , the system has the snag that it does not give URI s to people , and so basic links to them can not be made .
I recommend ( e.g in weblogs on Links on the Semantic Web , Give yourself a URI , and and Backward and Forward links in RDF just as important ) that those making a FOAF file give themselves a URI as well as using the FOAF convention .
Similarly , when you refer to a FOAF file which gives a URI to a person , use it in your reference to that person , so that clients which just use URI s and do n't know about the FOAF convention can follow the link .
One important pattern is a set of data which you can explore as you go link by link by fetching data .
Whenever one looks up the URI for a node in the RDF graph , the server returns information about the arcs out of that node , and the arcs in .
In other words , it returns any RDF statements in which the term appears as either subject or object .
Formally , call a graph G browsable if , for the URI of any node in G , if I look up that URI I will be returned information which describes the node , where describing a node means :
Returning all statements where the node is a subject or object ; and Describing all blank nodes attached to the node by one arc .
( The subgraph returned has been referred to as " minimum Spanning Graph ( MSG [ @@ref ] ) or RDF molecule [ @@ref ] , depending on whether nodes are considered identified if they can be expressed as a path of function , or reverse inverse functional properties .
A concise bounded description , which only follows links from subject to object , does not work . )
In practice , when data is stored in two documents , this means that any RDF statements which relate things in the two files must be repeated in each .
So , for example , in my FOAF page I mention that I am a member of the DIG group , and that information is repeated on the DIG group data .
Thus , someone starting from the concept of the group can also find out that I am a member .
In fact , someone who starts off with my URI can find all the people who are in the same group .
Limitations on browseable data
So statements which relate things in the two documents must be repeated in each .
This clearly is against the first rule of data storage : do n't store the same data in two different places : you will have problems keeping it consistent .
This is indeed an issue with browsable data .
A set of of completely browsable data with links in both directions has to be completely consistent , and that takes coordination , especially if different authors or different programs are involved .
We can have completely browsable data , however , where it is automatically generated .
The dbview server , for example , provides a browsable virtual documents containing the data from any arbitrary relational database .
When we have a data from multiple sources , then we have compromises .
These are often settled by common sense , asking the question ,
" If someone has the URI of that thing , what relationships to what other objects is it useful to know about ? "
Sometimes , social questions determine the answer .
I have links in my FOAF file that I know various people .
They do n't generally repeat that information in their FOAF files .
Someone may say that they know me , which is an assertion which , in the FOAF convention , is theirs to assert , and the reader 's to trust or not .
Other times , the number of arcs makes it impractical .
A GPS track gives thousands of times at which my latitude , longitude are known .
Every person loading my FOAF file can expect to get my business card information , but not all those trackpoints .
It is reasonable to have a pointer from the track ( or even each point ) to the person whose position is represented , but not the other way .
One pattern is to have links of a certain property in a separate document .
A person 's homepage does n't list all their publications , but instead puts a link to it a separate document listing them .
There is an understanding that foaf : made gives a work of some sort , but foaf : pubs points to a document giving a list of works .
Thus , someone searching for something foaf : made link would do well to follow a foaf : pubs link .
It might be useful to formalize the notion with a statement like
foaf : made link : listDocumentProperty foaf : pubs .
in one of the ontologies .
Query services
Sometimes the sheer volume of data makes serving it as lots of files possible , but cumbersome for efficient remote queries over the dataset .
In this case , it seems reasonable to provide a SPARQL query service .
To make the data be effectively linked , someone who only has the URI of something must be able to find their way the SPARQL endpoint .
Here again the HTTP 303 response can be used , to refer the enquirer to a document with metadata about which query service endpoints can provide what information about which classes of URI s .
Linked Data is defined above .
Linked Open Data ( LOD ) is Linked Data which is released under an open licence , which does not impede its reuse for free .
Creative Commons CC - BY is an example open licence , as is the UK's Open Government Licence .
Linked Data does not of course in general have to be open -- there is a lot of important use of lnked data internally , and for personal and group - wide data .
You can have 5 - star Linked Data without it being open .
However , if it claims to be Linked Open Data then it does have to be open , to get any star at all .
★ Available on the web ( whatever format ) but with an open licence , to be Open Data ★★ Available as machine - readable structured data ( e.g. excel instead of image scan of a table ) ★★★ as ( 2 ) plus non-proprietary format ( e.g. CSV instead of excel ) ★★★ ★
All the above plus , Use open standards from W3C ( RDF and SPARQL ) to identify things , so that people can point at your stuff ★★★★ ★
All the above , plus :
Link your data to other people ’s data to provide context
How well does your data do ?
You can buy 5 star data mugs , T - shirts and bumper stickers from the W3C shop at cafepress : use them to get your colleages and fellows conference - goers thinking 5 star linked data .
( Profits also help W3C :-) .
Now in 2010 , people have been pressing me , for governmet data , to add a new requirement , and that is there should be metadata about the data itself , and that that metadata should be availble from a major catalog .
Any open dataset ( or even datasets which are not but should be open ) can be regisetreed at ckan.net .
Government datasets from the UK and US hsould be regisetred at data .gov.uk or data.gov respectively .
Other copuntries I expect to develop their own registries .
Yes , there should be metadata about your dataset .
That may be the subject of a new note in this series .
Linked data is essential to actually connect the semantic web .
It is quite easy to do with a little thought , and becomes second nature .
Various common sense considerations determine when to make a link and when not to .
The Tabulator client ( running in a suitable browser ) allows you to browse linked data using the above conventions , and can be used to check that your linked data works .
References
[ Ding2005 ] Li Ding , et. al. , Tracking RDF Graph Provenance using RDF Molecules , UMBC Tech Report TR - CS-05-06
Followup
2006 - 02 Rob Crowell adapts Dan Connolly 's DBView ( 2004 ) which maps SQL data into linked RDF , adding backlinks .
2006 -09-05 Chris Bizer et al adapt D2R Server to provide a linked data view of a database .
2006 - 10 - 10 Chris
Bizer et al produce the Semantic Web Client Library , " Technically , the library represents the Semantic Web as a single Jena RDF graph or Jena Model . "
The code feteches web documents as needed to answer queries .
2007-01 - 15 Yves Raimond has produced a Semantic Web client for SWI prolog wit similar functionality .
I have a talk at the 2009 O'Reilly eGovernment 2.0 conference in Washington DC , talking about " Just a Bag of Chips " @@ref , and talking about the 5 star scheme .
Following that , From InkDroid blogged summary ( and CSS ) of my 5 star sceheme adapted here
Up to Design Issues
Tim BL
A study from Rhode Island Hospital shows that patients report side effects from medication for the treatment of depression 20 times more than psychiatrists have recorded in the charts .
The researchers recommend the use of a self - administered patient questionnaire in clinical practice to improve the recognition of side effects for patients in treatment .
The study is published in the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry , Volume 71 , No. 4 , now available online ahead of print .
One of the most frequent reasons for the discontinuation of medication to treat depression is the side effects that patients may experience .
The premature discontinuation of medication is also associated with poorer treatment outcomes .
In his recent study , lead researcher Mark Zimmerman , MD , director of outpatient psychiatry at Rhode Island Hospital , notes that despite the clinical importance of detecting side effects , few studies have examined the adequacy of the detection and documentation methods currently in use among clinicians .
Zimmerman and his colleagues asked 300 patients in ongoing treatment for depression to complete a self - administered version of the Toronto Side Effects Scale ( TSES ) .
The patients rated the frequency of the 31 side effects and the degree of trouble they experienced .
Those patients ' charts were then examined to extract side effects information recorded by the treating psychiatrist .
The findings indicate that the mean number of side effects reported by the patients on the TSES was 20 times higher than the number recorded by the psychiatrist .
When the self - reported side effects were limited to " frequently occurring " or " very bothersome " the rate was still found to be two to three times higher than recorded in their charts .
Zimmerman , who is also an associate professor of psychiatry and human behavior at The Warren Alpert Medical School of Brown University , says , " Despite the importance that side effects have on premature medication discontinuation , there is some evidence that clinicians may not do a thorough job of eliciting information regarding their presence .
This study finds that clinicians do not record in their progress notes most side effects reported on a side effects questionnaire . . "
While there may be several explanations for this , Zimmerman says , " Our research found that the only specific side effect that was regularly inquired about by clinicians was on sexual dysfunction , presumably because of concerns that some patients may be too embarrassed to spontaneously report that without prompting . "
The researchers also suggest that patients stop reporting to psychiatrists the side effects that they have grown accustomed to , but patients reported these side effects in the self - report scale because there were specific questions about them . .
The researchers also question whether side effect frequencies reported in industry - sponsored studies may underestimate the prevalence of side effects from medication .
As a result , clinicians may not be accurately informing patients of the potential likelihood of such side effects , and that lack of adequate preparation may result in patients prematurely discontinuing their medication .
Zimmerman says , " As a result of this study , we believe that ongoing dialogue about side effects during treatment will help to reduce premature medication discontinuation and would help reduce depression relapse rates .
Incorporating a self - report questionnaire like the TSES may be helpful to adopt into clinical practice for the treatment of depression . "
Other researchers involved in the study along with Zimmerman include Janine Galione , BS , Naureen Attiullah , MD , Michael Friedman , MD , Cristina Toba , MD , and Moataz Rahgeb , MD , all of Rhode Island Hospital the Alpert Medical School .
A siphonophore , which is a colonial animal , compared with two other solitary animals .
A siphonophore nectophore , which propels the colony through the water , is structuraly the same as a free living medusa ( jelly fish ) , such as the Orchistoma shown above the siphonophores .
Both were derived from the same structure in a common ancestor .
The same goes for the feeding polyp of a siphonophore and a sea anemone ( shown below the siphonophore ) .
Siphonophores are colonial animals .
This means that they are composed of many physiologically integrated zooids .
Each zooid is structurally similar to other solitary animals , but the zooids are all attached to each other rather than living independently .
They do not come together to form a colony , but arise by budding from the first zooid , which itself develops from a fertilized egg .
Siphonophore zooids are of two types : medusae and polyps .
Solitary medusae are better known as the true jellyfish .
The most familiar solitary polyps are sea anemones .
There are other types of colonial animals which are made up of polyps , the most familiar being colonial corals .
Siphonophores differ from most other colonial animals in two fundamental respects .
First , there is a high degree of specialization between the zooids .
Zooids specialized for one function usually have well developed features to serve that function but lack the structures associated with other functions .
For instance , the nectophores that propel the colony through the water ( which are a type of medusa ) ca n’t eat , and the feeding polyps ca n’t swim .
Each is dependant on the other to do what it ca n’t do .
Second , the specialized zooids of a siphonophore are arranged in an extremely precise pattern .
This pattern is the same from colony to colony of the same species , but different between species .
Siphonophores , then , have become extremely complicated organisms , just as we have , but in an entirely different way .
Whereas we are made up of specialized cells that are arranged into tissues and organs , siphonophores are made up of specialized zooids precisely organized at the level of the colony .
Understanding how evolution has shaped siphonophores into such complex colonial organisms may tell us quite a bit about how evolution was able to generate complex multicellular organisms , including ourselves .
Siphonophores challenge us to think about what we mean when we call something an individual , a concept that we usually think of as being quite straightforward .
Is a single zooid or an entire colony the siphonophore “ individual ” ?
The answer is that you have to specify what features you are interested in before you can expect a meaningful answer .
Do you mean ecologically ?
The entire colony functions as a single organism whether it is predator or prey .
So the colony is an ecological individual .
The same can be said for behavior .
How about evolutionarily ?
There are two different components to this question .
If we ask how evolution acts on siphonophores now , they are individuals .
All the parts of the colony are genetically identical and the colony lives or dies as a whole ( except for the eudoxids described later ) .
So siphonophores are evolutionary individuals with respect to how natural selection shapes them today .
The other way to look at evolutionary individuals is by descent .
We can do this by taking a look at two animals and asking which structures descend from the same feature of a common ancestor .
Just as this leads us to recognize that bat wings are modified arms , it shows that siphonophore zooids are polyps and medusae , structures that can be free living animals in other species .
So this argument leads to the conclusion that the zooids of siphonophores are individuals .
This is not contradictory to our previous conclusions , we are just looking at a different feature of individuality .
It should be noted that an Amoeba , which is a solitary cell , would have much the same trouble contemplating the individuality of a human .
Humans function as ecological , behavioral , and evolutionary individuals .
But they are made up of many cells .
So is the entire human an individual , or are each of the cells individuals ?
We are in the same conundrum as the Ameoba because individuality has arisen multiple times in evolution , often subsuming units that are ( or were , depending on how you look at it ) themselves individuals .
Multicellular individuality has arisen at least a couple dozen times , each time altering the individuality of the cells that make up the multicellular organism .
Colonial individuality has also arisen multiple times , with siphonophores being one of the most extreme cases .
And the colonial individuality in many ways subsumes the individuality of the zooids that make up the colony .
There may be other insightful common threads that will only come to light when we look further at the biology and origins of individuality in other contexts .
Mission am Hindukusch Deutsche Polizisten fürchten Afghanistan - Desaster
Deutsche Beamte sollen helfen , Afghanistan zu einem Rechtsstaat zu machen .
Doch selbst Top - Polizisten glauben nach SPIEGEL - Informationen nicht mehr an den Erfolg ihrer Mission : Die Regeln westlicher Zivilisationen seien außer Kraft , die Sicherheitskräfte hätten den Ruf von Wegelagerern .
Is that Saturn 's moon Titan or is that Utah ?
New analysis of Cassini data indicates Saturn 's moon Titan has more in common with Earth than we thought .
Transcript :
The radar that we 've been flying around SaturnText : Voice of Tom Farr , Cassini radar team associate and passing by Titan periodically , we've been able to map out the surface brightness as the radar sees it .
We see geologic processes that are very similar to what we see on the Earth .
This is a computer generated 3 - D fly through of an area of karst topography on Titan .
Text : Karst Topography : Landscape shaped by the dissolving of bedrock
It was generated by inferring the topography and then laying a radar image down on top of the 3 - D map .
This area is an area called Sikun Labyrinthus on Titan . [ 00:00:35 ]
It 's an area of karst topography very similar to the karst topography we find on Earth , Text : White Canyon , UtahText : Cockpit Country , Jamaica especially in places like Jamaica , Text : Arecibo , Puerto Rico Puerto RicoText : Guangxi province , China or China .
It 's an area where liquid methane here on Titan has dissolved the rocks and produced a residual landscapeof just hills and valleys with no river valleys flowing through the area .
So it 's yet again another process that we see on the Earth that we find on Titanmaking Titan very similar to the Earth in many ways .
Text : Artistic interpretation and animation by Mike Malaska , Doug Ellison and Bjorn Jonssonusing radar and imaging data from NASA 's Cassini spacecraft and ESA 's Huygens probeNASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , California Institute of Technology
The former co-owner of a Houston a durable medical equipment company has been convicted of bilking Medicaid of nearly $ 1 million in a scheme involving adult diapers , federal authorities said .
Fred Jessie Cole Jr. , 44 , pleaded guilty to 14 counts of health care fraud connected to a scam to file fraudulent claims for incontinence supplies , such as diapers and briefs , federal authorities said late Monday .
By Simon Johnson , co-author of 13 Bankers .
On Wednesday , Senators Sherrod Brown and Ted Kaufman unveiled a “ SAFE banking Act ” with a clear and powerful purpose : Break up the big banks .
The proposal places hard leverage and size caps on financial institutions .
It is well crafted , based on a great deal of hard thinking , and — as reported on the front page of The New York Times this week — the issue has the potential to draw a considerable amount of support .
The idea is simple , in the sense that the largest six banks in the American economy are currently “ too big to fail ” in the eyes of the credit market ( and presumably in the leading minds the Obama administration — which saved all the big banks , without conditions , in March - April 2009 ) .
The bill put forward by Senator Christopher J. Dodd , the chairman of the Banking Committee , has some sensible proposals — and is definitely not an approach that supports “ bailouts ” — but it does not really confront the problem of the half - dozen megabanks .
In the American political system — where the power of major banks is now so manifest — there is no way to significantly reduce the risks posed by these banks unless they are broken up .
These banks are so powerful that they can confront and defy the government , as seen in the twists and turns of the S.E.C. versus Goldman Sachs case .
They are also powerful enough to threaten a form of extortion :
If reform is tough , according to JPMorgan Chase ’s chief , Jamie Dimon , credit will contract , the recovery will slow and unemployment will stay high .
Given the size of his bank , that ’s a credible threat .
The big banks give a lot of money to politicians on both sides of the aisle and they are now digging in hard to defeat reform .
Indeed , there are credible reports of various “ front ” organizations being used for this purpose .
Under such circumstances , the Brown - Kaufman approach might be thought unlikely to succeed .
But consider how the Republicans are already starting to counterattack the Dodd proposals , the ways in which the broader Dodd - White House approach remains vulnerable , and how exactly the Brown - Kaufman approach can help the Democratic leadership as it becomes increasingly hard pressed .
The Republicans are saying : the Dodd bill does not end “ too big to fail . ”
Most of their reasons are misleading ( “ it ’s all about Fannie and Freddie really , ” “ there will be a permanent bailout fund , ” “ the Federal Reserve needs to lose some of its powers , ” etc. ) .
But there is no question that this message will seriously confuse people who are only just starting to pay attention .
As the Republicans have astutely spotted , the Dodd - White House proposals will not actually reduce the size or seriously limit the activities of the megabanks — and a broad cross-section of society completely understands that these institutions brought us into the trauma of September 2008 , have become even bigger since then , and still have the incentive to take on an excessive amount of risk .
The S.E.C. case against Goldman has created a great opportunity for the Democrats because it exposes details regarding exactly how big banks are mismanaged and why they treat many of their customers in an unreasonable manner .
The electorate now completely understands — even more clearly than a week ago — that the attitudes and compensation structure of the largest banks lie at the heart of our current macroeconomic difficulties .
The Brown - Kaufman bill therefore addresses not just the substantive financial issues of our day but also the tough political situation now facing Democrats .
If their SAFE banking bill can come to the floor of the Senate ( for example , as an amendment to the Dodd bill ) and be voted on — up or down — then we will really get to see which of our elected representatives support overly big banks and which want to bring them down .
The bill might fail , of course , on that basis — but then anyone who opposes it can be branded as a “ too big to fail ” fan in November and beyond .
This would be a clear identifier that would cut through the noise and the disinformation .
Did this candidate vote for or against the too - big - to - fail banks ?
It ’s a simple yes or no .
As political logic inserts itself more and more into the economic debate on banking , there is a real possibility that Senators Brown and Kaufman have exactly what the Democrats ( and the country ) needs .
This post appeared this morning on the NYT. com ’s Economix ; it is used here with permission .
If you would like to reproduce the entire post , please contact the New York Times .
On April 8 2010 , 800 Carlsberg factory workers walked off the job after new management policies tighten restrictions on beer drinking at work .
Carlsberg 's truck drivers have followed in sympathy .
Scores of Carlsberg workers walked off their jobs in protest Thursday after the Danish brewer tightened laid - back rules on workplace drinking and removed beer coolers from work sites , a company spokesman said .
The warehouse and production workers in Denmark are rebelling against the company 's new alcohol policy , which allows them to drink beer only during lunch hours in the canteen .
Previously , they could help themselves to beer throughout the day , from coolers placed around the work sites .
The only restriction was " that you could not be drunk at work .
It was up to each and everyone to be responsible , " company spokesman Jens Bekke said .
Carlsberg had considered a stricter drinking policy for years and finally decided to impose the new rules on April 1 , prompting protests from the staff .
Bekke said around 800 workers went on strike Wednesday and around 250 walked off their jobs Thursday , resulting in interruptions to beer transports in and around Copenhagen .
Carlsberg 's truck drivers joined the strike in sympathy — even though they are exempt from the new rules , Bekke said .
The truck drivers are permitted to bring three beers from the canteen because they often do n't have time to have lunch there .
The trucks have alcohol ignition locks preventing the drivers from driving drunk , he added
Guest Post by Steven Goddard
We have all seen lots of pictures of the Eyjafjallajokull eruption now , with steam and ash billowing up in the air .
The eruption started one month ago , and as the Guardian reports ,
The eruption of the Eyjafjallajokull volcano is unlikely to have any significant impact on climate but has caused a small fall in carbon emissions , experts say .
The Guardian editors seem to have forgotten that the volcano itself is spewing massive amounts of CO2 in the atmosphere .
Perhaps their kinship with Plane Stupid is having an impact ?
Plane Stupid ’s goal is to stop plane traffic in the UK , and they must be thrilled by the flight ban and the damage to the economy .
Added :
Volcano CO2 budget ( CO2 is emitted independent of ash ) ~ 200,000 tons per day X 30 days of eruption = 6,000,000 tons of CO2 .
Plane CO2
Budget – assumes half of EU planes have n’t flown for the past six days 340,000 EU tons per day X 0.5 EU shutdown X 6 days = ~ 1,000,000 tons of savings .
People using alternative transportation ( as Anthony and the BBC pointed out ) as a replacement for aircraft – cars , trains , battleships , etc. ~ 1,000,000 tons of extra CO2
Is a battleship more “ green ” than a jumbo jet ?
The total gain is 6,000,000 – 1,000,000 + 1,000,000 = 6,000,000 tons of excess CO2 from the volcano .
The temporary aircraft shutdown has little or no net impact on CO2 emissions , but the volcano has a large impact .
Video and reader poll follow .
Below is a video chronology of the glacier and volcano , giving a feel of the events of the past month .
First video shows what the glacier looked like prior to the eruption .
The next video shows the first night of the eruption – March 21 .
Note the similarity to Hawaiian volcanoes – lava fountains and little steam or ash .
By March 24 , some steam and ash is starting to appear as glacial meltwater begins to mix with the magma .
By April 14 , flash flooding from glacial melt began to pour down the side of the glacier .
The flooding was widespread and devastating downstream .
By April 17 , the eruption was primarily steam , CO2 and ash .
Should climate modelers start differentiating between man made CO2 and “ organic ” natural CO2 ?
Reader Poll :
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
It ’s been an open secret to those of us in the racket that Gizmodo purchased this unit about a week ago , from those who claimed to find it .
That this belongs to and was made by Apple is almost beyond question at this point .
Just how much it looks like what Apple plans to ship this summer , I do n’t know .
Note that it ’s thinner than a 3GS .
I ’m mentioned in the article , and must respond .
Jason
Chen writes :
Apple - connected John Gruber — from Daring Fireball — says that Apple has indeed lost a prototype iPhone and they want it back :
So I called around , and I now believe this is an actual unit from Apple — a unit Apple is very interested in getting back .
Obviously someone found it , and here it is .
Note that I did not use the word “ lost ” .
It is my understanding that Apple considers this unit stolen , not lost .
And as for the “ someone (s ) ” who “ found ” it , I believe it is disingenuous for Gizmodo to play coy , as though they do n’t know who the someones are .
★ Monday , 19 April 2010
A recently launched anonymization service suffered a setback last week when Gandi.net , a France - based registrar that bills itself as a " no bullshit company , " revoked its secure sockets layer certificate without warning .
Last week 's move against GoogleSharing caused its 30,000 users to instantly lose service , according to Moxie Marlinspike , the hacker who announced the anonymization proxy in mid January .
It took him four days to get the site operational again , and by then , the vast majority of those users had stopped using the service .
In an email sent more than 24 hours later , a member of Gandi . net 's abuse department said the certificate was revoked " due to multiple and deliberate serious breaches " of the registrar 's terms of service .
Specifically , the violations were incorrect information provided to Gandi. net 's
Whois database , a trademark violation for the unauthorized use of " google " in the domain name and the use of the certificate for unspecified " fraudulent activities . "
GoogleSharing prevents
Google from tracking searches and websites visited by specific individuals by mixing together requests from many different users so it 's impossible to tell where the queries originate .
A Firefox plugin redirects Google - bound traffic to a proxy , where requests are stripped of all identifying information and replaced with the details of a different GoogleSharing user .
The Google response is them proxied back to the originating user .
" GoogleSharing thrives by being totally transparent to the end user , " Marlinspike wrote in an email .
" They install the addon and never have to think about it again .
They do n't have to do anything special or visit any special websites .
By causing a four day interruption , they 've likely killed the majority of our user base . "
The hacker said it was true that some of information contained in the Whois database was not correct , but he insisted the service does n't engage in fraud and that the the inclusion of " google " in his domain name is protected by the fair use doctrine .
The revocation meant in an instant people who relied on GoogleSharing to anonymize Google search requests were unable to use the service .
Because the service relies on a Firefox add - on that uses an authenticated page , their connections were killed with little explanation and no recourse .
The episode demonstrates the hazards of relying on internet companies that enforce terms of service reserving the right to play judge , jury and executioner with their customers ' websites .
Gandi.net took the action with no warning and did n't provide an explanation for more than a day .
And even then , it failed to say exactly what " fraudulent activities " GoogleSharing had carried out .
So much for Gandi . net 's claims of being a " no bullshit company . "
" It 's a big claim to make , " the company 's marketing monkeys write .
Among other things , it means employees " are honest about what we do ; we will be straightforward in how we deal with you " and " if we 're ever hypocritical we will hold our hands up and clean up . "
Conspiracy - minded observers might be tempted to point out that over the past decade Marlinspike has regularly been a thorn in the side of companies who make big bucks issuing the certificates used to authenticate banks , online retailers , and other groups with sensitive websites .
By demonstrating practical attacks that allow hackers to spoof the widely used credentials , his research calls into question the effectiveness of SSL certificates and the companies that issue and use them .
Already , eBay - owned PayPal has retaliated against the independent researcher for showing how the criminals could impersonate the online payments processor .
Now , Gandi.net has followed a similar course .
But the consequences of the revocation are far from over .
Whereas the service pushed an average of 4 M bps before , it was generating only about 300 kbps after it came back online .
Which seems to suggest that if you 're doing anything considered remotely controversial on the net , you 're better off relying on yourself for payment and certificate services .
The internet is n't a democracy , and companies with self - serving terms of service can't be counted on to deliver due process .
Not even those that bill themselves as " no bullshit . " ®
Update
In a sign that the " no bullshit " promise is n't a mere gimmick , Gandi COO Joe White sent us the following reply to a query we sent yesterday :
We certainly acknowledge that we could have handled this better , particularly in not contacting the customer prior to the revocation of the certificate .
The reason for the certificate being revoked was because of the inaccurate whois data .
Certificates really are a seal of trust , but that can not be based on falsified whois data .
It was right to revoke the certificate for this reason , but not without being in contact with the customer .
We have reviewed and changed our processes to rectify this .
The other reasons given , re google , etc. were probably over zealous from the support / legal team .
It 's not our place to speculate about what google would or would not do about the domain name .
The other issues had nothing to do with the certificate being revoked and we apologise for any confusion caused by that .
We 're known in the industry for standing up for our customers rights , but it is based on mutual trust and respect .
And if the whois data in falsified we do n't know who are customers are and we cannot stand up for them in the same way .
Anyway , I hope that gives some better insight into why we took action .
We have learned from this and changed our processes and we hope to avoid this kind of error in the future .
Many thanks ,
RIP Veteran technology writer Guy Kewney died this morning .
He had been suffering from bowel and liver cancer for over a year .
Guy had been a force in UK tech journalism UK since the 1960s , writing for magazines including Electronics Weekly , Computing , and New Scientist .
He was perhaps most famously associated with Personal Computer World , a title which many techies thank - or blame - for getting them into PCs in the first place .
From there he went to Ziff Davis as part of the UK launch of PC Magazine , and subsequently wrote for a slew of other titles .
In more recent years he ran his own news site , newswireless.net , and contributed to other titles including The Register .
Somehow , Guy also managed to squeeze in stints at PC channel titles Microscope and PC Dealer , magazines without which , arguably , The Register would not exist .
Guy recorded the course of his illness on a blog , here .
Friends , colleagues and fans are paying tribute to him here . ®
Hollywood moviemakers and TV manufacturers should file this item under Good News / Bad News .
First , the good :
The blockbuster movie Avatar is apparently a blockbuster on Blu-ray as well .
Released just yesterday in stores -- Earth Day , in case you missed the symbolism -- Avatar racked up record sales of 1.5 million copies in the Blu-ray format .
According to the Hollywood Reporter , an early industry estimate places overall disc sales ( DVD and Blu-ray ) of Avatar somewhere north of 4 million .
And while Avatar director James Cameron and Fox Home Entertainment , which released the disc , are no doubt popping champagne corks today , there may be a downside to the movie 's record - breaking disc sales -- at least for TV makers .
You see , the initial Blu-ray release of Avatar is n't in 3D , but in plain old two dimensions .
The millions of buyers who 've already snapped up Avatar discs are aware of this , naturally , and there 's a good chance they 're drawn more by film 's action , characters , and plot than by the ( admittedly cool ) visually gimmickry of 3D .
Fans who want Avatar 3D on Blu-ray will have to wait until early next year , according to Fox .
3D @ Home
Now the potential bad news : Since Avatar is a smashing success in Blu-ray 2D , does this mean that consumers are blasé about 3D entertainment in the home ?
After all , content drives adoption of new consumer technologies , at least most of the time .
If shoppers are snapping up Avatar discs now , it is quite possible they 'll pass on the 3D version -- well , aside from a relatively small number of home theater buffs who want to recreate a theatrical experience .
To be fair , 3D TVs are new and expensive , and few consumers own one today .
But would n't Avatar , not only the highest - grossing film of all time , but also one that 's integrally linked with 3D entertainment , be the killer app ( or killer disc , in this case ) that spurs people to drop big bucks on a 3D - ready HDTV , a 3D Blu - Ray player , and at least two ( and likely more ) pairs of 3D glasses ?
I 'm not saying that 3D TV will fail .
But Avatar 's early disc sales may provide a clue as to what consumers think of 3D at home .
If you 're a TV manufacturer , it 's too soon for the vomit bag .
But do keep one handy -- just in case .
Contact Jeff Bertolucci via Twitter ( @jbertolucci ) or at jbertolucci.blogspot.com .
This story , " Is Avatar 's Blu-ray Success Bad News for 3D TV ? " was originally published by PCWorld .
I can't really give a definitive answer , because by the time I interviewed at Google in 2004 Python was already prominent at Google .
Indeed , there 's one apparently attractive explanation that I can definitely deny : it 's not that Google uses Python because it employs so many prominent Pythonistas -- rather , most " prominent Pythonista " googlers joined Google , at least in part , because we knew about Python 's prominence there ( possible exceptions include Peter Norvig and Jeremy Hylton , but historically Google 's choice of Python predated even them ) .
That 's definitely why I first got interested ( my publisher let me know about the large amount of copies of my book that Google was purchasing -- at first , I thought of it as a good opportunity to sell my freelance consulting service ...;-) , how I was later able to convince Guido to join us , and , I believe , part of the motivation for such Pythonistas as Greg Stein , Wesley Chun , Fredrik Lundh , Thomas Wouters , Collin Winters , Jeffrey Yasskin , ...
It all got started , I believe , because the very earliest Googlers ( Sergey , Larry , Craig , ... ) made a good engineering decision : " Python where we can , C++ where we must " -- they used ( a subset of ) C++ for the parts of the software stack where very low latency and / or tight control of memory were crucial , and Python , allowing more rapid delivery and maintenance of programs , for other parts .
At the time , late '90s , the choice for the latter role was essentially between Python and Perl : other scripting languages were either unripe ( I do n't think Ruby was around yet , for example ) or had other issues and limitations .
Perl was more mature ( especially in terms of its ecosystem of available add - ons via CPAN ) , but Python was deemed to be more readable and maintainable , and interfacing to C++ libraries ( via SWIG ) was easier .
Java came in later , covering an intermediate niche -- and more recently of course
Go was developed ( though I do n't believe there 's much production work in it yet , as it's still evolving and maturing ) .
Some specialized languages such as sawzall are also in the mix for very specific tasks , and of course Javascript is very important for browser - side work .
Other languages , including the ones that Greg mentioned back in ' 06 , are either " kind of accidental " or used for other specific tasks ( e.g. , Objective C for clients on iPhones or Macs ) -- e.g. , when Google hired its first system administrators , those employees inevitably came with very strong mastery of Perl and Bash , and often used either of those languages to develop some complex internal system ; recoding those in Python ( for easier deployment and maintainability ) has often happened .
Others ( such as C# ) may have been in the mix temporarily due to acquisitions , but , again , recoding in one of the " main Google languages " is always a pretty high priority ( in C# 's case , recoding would typically be mostly in Java , as the two languages address similar areas in terms of levels of abstraction ) .
Love this beer packaging from Russian designer Pavel Gubin .
Designed for the Forgeron 's Belgian dark ale , the glass bottle form and size remind big beer mug .
A decorative cap looks like froth .
The total appearance speaks : " The beer ’s been just poured - the mug is full ! "
There remains only one thing …to make a gulp of an attractive drink .
The Google Street View Camera recorded images of the military base Google is acting " irresponsibly " by publishing photos of the SAS headquarters near Hereford on the internet , the city 's MP has claimed .
Images of the Credenhill base can be seen using the search engine 's Street View software , which allows users to " walk through " many of the UK 's roads .
Paul Keetch MP said he feared this would encourage a terrorist attack .
Google said it only took images from public roads and there was " no appreciable security risk " .
The Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) said it would be " impractical " to ask Google to remove the images .
People using the Street View software can see a tag that says " British SAS " and zoom in on a map of what seems to be the entrance gates and adjoining road to the military camp near Hereford .
An MoD spokesman said : " The MoD can not prevent satellites taking imagery of its establishments , however we ensure that steps are taken to protect highly sensitive equipment .
" It would be impractical to ask Google to withdraw images as they can be easily obtained from other sources over which we have no influence . "
' Encourage terrorists '
Mr Keetch said he had asked Google last week to remove the images , which were published on 11 March , adding he feared they might undermine security at the base .
The Liberal Democrat MP said : " Whilst I understand the MoD point of view and am confident the base could withstand any terrorist attack , surely it is better if we can avoid that situation ever arising .
" If you are a terrorist and you can get a detailed photo of a military installation for free online , that 's bound to encourage you to think maybe I can break in there .
" The question is ' is Google acting responsibly ? ' and I do n't think they are .
" I think Google want to have their own policy of not showing military installations anywhere . "
Google said it only took images from public roads .
A spokesman added : " This is no different to what anyone could see travelling down the road themselves , therefore there is no appreciable security risk .
" We 're happy to discuss any concerns as they arise . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yelp CEO Jeremy Stoppelman responded Monday to a lawsuit filed by a veterinary hospital in Long Beach , saying the site 's review rankings are automated , and Yelp 's sales staff is barred from meddling with the review rankings .
The lawsuit accuses Yelp of extortion -- negative reviews would be highlighted on the page of a local businesses if that business did n't buy advertising , according to the claim .
Stoppelman blamed local business owners of being confused by the system .
" We 'll be the first to admit that , by conventional standards , Yelp can seem weird , " he wrote in a post on the company blog .
Stoppelman then lays out the scenario he believes lead to the lawsuit :
Business owner gets sales call ; owner , who now knows about Yelp , tries to game the reviews ; magical algorithm detects the shill and hides those reviews ; owner assumes that after declining to buy ads , Yelp is doling out retribution ; owner hustled by shady , conspiracy - addled lawyers out to separate Yelp from the startup 's venture capital .
So in five strokes , Stoppelman manages to paint small business owners of being Web - illiterate shills who in their paranoia fall prey to greedy lawyers .
Guess he wo n't be writing positive reviews of Cats and Dogs Animal Hospital , or its counsel Beck & Lee Business Trial Lawyers and The Weston Firm , who have put up a contact form for other business that feel victimized .
Earlier , in a relatively measured first response on the blog , he called news news coverage of extortion allegations " inconclusive " and the lawsuit " without merit , " promising to fight it " vigorously . "
Jackson
West does not , personally , agree that the customer is always right .
New Delhi : Ranging from the benign to the bogus , magical to the mafia , fakers to the fakirs , and spiritual to the sleazy , godmen of all kinds exist in India .
Thousands of Indians put their trust in them but few can imagine that most revered godmen are common criminals who are instrumental for money - laundering rackets .
The business of faith , which mushroomed across India like an epidemic in the past 10 years , has actually turned into a business of peddling false hopes .
Yet as it is , gullible people continue to fall at these godmen 's feet to seek divine solutions .
Today , there are a number of self - appointed godmen in India , usually found wearing a saffron robe with a string of rudraksh beads around their necks and sporting a long beard .
At times , they can be seen carrying a T - shaped wooden staff to rest their arms on .
There is no dearth of such godmen — otherwise called " baba " , " guru " , " sant " or " swami " — in India , who claim to communicate directly with God and possess powers of forecasting events .
But invariably , some of these godmen live a secret life — one which involves the dark world of free sex and an unimaginable amount of unaccounted for money , often stashed in ashrams ( spiritual centres ) or unknown destinations .
What is even more worrying is the fact that many such swamis or godmen enjoy the patronage of almost all political parties who try to use their clout to mould public opinion in their favour .
Enter the four - storey ashram of Chandraswami , the " spiritual advisor " of late Prime Minister Narasimha Rao .
You can feel the security system monitoring your every movement through strategically installed video cameras , with Chandraswami himself keeping a tab on you from his private chamber .
Chandraswami sits on a pedestal in his baroque marble - covered ashram in South Delhi , wearing a sparkling white dhoti , kurta and silk angavastram , with a large sandalwood tilak prominent on his forehead .
From ordinary to king
" Chandraswami was a small fry but his real fast metamorphosis from an ordinary ‘ sanyasi ' to king - maker was the result of his close friendship with late Prime Minister Narasimha Rao .
But it was only during the Lakhubhai Pathak case that the Chandraswami - Rao alliance became public , " Pandit R. K. Bhardwaj , a renowned tantric of India , said .
Bhardwaj has created a series on the brutal practices of tantra for a private TV channel — running for over five years — and hundreds of other documentaries on the subject .
Among Chandraswami's staunch devotees are Saudi businessman Adnan Khashoggi , billionaire Sultan of Brunei , actress Elizabeth Taylor , two African presidents and hundreds of Indian politicians and industrialists .
" Chandraswami boasts of his ability to read minds and cast spells .
But his actual abilities are known to few .
He exploits the gullibility of his high profile followers and manoeuvres them in a way that they do n't ever realise that they have been duped , " Arvind Guruji , a so - far untainted Gujarati Brahmin - turned Sufi religious leader , who runs a sprawling ashram in Kapashera , South - West Delhi , said .
The riveting tales of rapist godman Premananda , or the dalliances of Kanchipuram Devanathan within the temple premises have certainly not faded from the public 's memory .
Pilot - turned - guru Pilot Baba — who previously even fought in the 1965 Indo - Pakistan war — is famous for performing underwater and underground samadhis , claiming to have done this 100 times over .
Devotees from all parts of the country come to seek special healing powers from him . .
Caught on camera
More recently , Swami Paramahamsa Nithyananda 's amorous acts were captured on camera when a sting operation revealed the spiritual leader in an alleged sex scandal with a Tamil actress .
Nithyananda , who claims to be a celibate , runs the Nithyananda Mission which is part of a world - wide movement for meditation and peace .
Similarly , Shiv Murat Dwivedi alias Ichchadhari sant swami Bhimanand Ji Maharaj Chitrakoot Wale , who was arrested in New Delhi recently , has been accused of using the guise of spirituality to lure young women into prostitution , from which he cashed millions .
The 39 - year - old self - styled godman allegedly orchestrated a sex racket , running into millions of rupees , by involving air - hostesses , college students and housewives .
Investigators say Dwivedi had built cave - like structures in a temple he built in South Delhi's Khanpur .
Starting small
Starting with a small Sai Baba temple in Badarpur , investigators believe he gradually started a flesh trade on the premises .
Dwivedi claimed to be a great devotee of Sai Baba and disguised himself as Ichchadhari Baba , who can turn into a serpent at will .
Likewise , another " saint " from Gujarat , Asaram Bapu , is believed to have a " hypnotic " personality which has " attracted " millions of devotees from all corners of the globe , transcending social barriers .
According to Jignesh Patel of Ahmedabad who was a disciple of Asaram , " in all my years as a sadhak ( follower ) , close to 99 per cent of everyone I knew experienced a strong sense of inadequacy .
" Not only does Asaram and company play upon the natural human fear of death but they also entice poor people from Orissa , Bihar , Uttar Pradesh and other backward areas by promising an inner spiritual journey and eventually making them rebel against their own families ... " Such gullibility concerning godmen is a truly pan-Indian phenomenon .
The Gujarat government recently admitted in the Assembly that Asaram Bapu's ashram has encroached upon 67,099 square metres of land in Ahmedabad .
The collectorate is currently dealing with the issue .
For the record , there are about 225 ashrams and more than 1,500 Yoga Vedanta Seva Samitis ( various committees ) across the world run by Asaram Bapu and company .
" Actually that tells something about our society .
We are so insecure because of the miserable situation of our life that we sometimes end up seeking reassurances of the charlatans , " Mahant Nritya Gopal Das , president , Ram Janmabhoomi Trust , said .
" At the same time , a few people exploiting the society in the garb of godmen do not represent the religious gurus of India rendering spiritual guidance to the masses , " he said .
KEY FACTS : Fakirs and Fakers
Nemi Chand Jain , aka Chandraswami , the prodigal godman , is waiting for his return even though the controversies that surround him are innumerable .
The MC Jain Commission Report in 1998 dedicated an entire volume to his alleged involvement in late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi 's assassination and an income - tax raid on his ashram reportedly uncovered original drafts of payments totalling $ 11 million to arms dealer Adnan Khashoggi .
" Chandraswami is definitely not holy .
All he craves is indulgence from the rich and the gullible .
Despite his spiritual air and claims of mystical powers , he is nothing more than a confident trickster craving cash and power , " Avijit ( name changed ) , serving as domestic help of Chandraswami in his ashram , says .
" Before he was grounded , his foreign travel bill was over Rs10 million per month , " he revealed .
Paramhamsa Nithyananda resigned on March 30 as head of his religious organisation after he became the focus of a police obscenity probe .
Nithyananda has been under investigation since television stations aired video footage purportedly showing the 32 - year - old fondling two unidentified women in bed .
His Dhyanapeetam ashram has insisted the footage was fake , but in a video statement on its website , Nithyananda said he felt an obligation to step down as the ashram 's spiritual leader .
Nithyananda has a large following in southern India — where his ashram is based near the city of Bangalore — and has 26 other ashrams dotted around the world .
Shiv Murat Dwivedi who was arrested in February may have run one of India 's most high - profile prostitution rackets , investigators say .
Probe into the racket allegedly run by Dwivedi alias Ichchadhari Sant Swami Bhimanandji Ji Maharaj Chitrakoot Wale , 39 , showed that he amassed more than Rs600 million in the last 10 years .
Dwivedi had more than 100 girls , including air - hostesses , college students and housewives , working for him .
A complaint has been filed against Asaram Bapu and two others in December last year for allegedly attempting to murder a former follower of the religious guru in Ahmedabad .
Meanwhile , the Gujarat government has admitted in the Assembly that Asaram Bapu's ashram has encroached upon 67,099 square metres of land in Ahmedabad .
Santosh Madhavan also know as Swami Amrit Chaitanya , against whom the Interpol had issued a notice for allegedly swindling about Rs4.5 million from a Keralite woman in the Gulf , was taken into custody near Cochin , Kerala , on May 18 , 2008 .
He was sentenced for 16 years in prison to molesting two underage girls in May , 2009 .
- With inputs from agencies
Do you think there are more frauds than real mystics in India ?
Why do you think swamis attract large followings ?
Do you think these rackets happen because it is economically viable for all involved ?
If the United States experiences a horrifying economic collapse ( and it most definitely will ) , will that cause a complete and total collapse of society ?
Will we experience crime , violence , riots and social unrest on a scale that is unprecedented in U.S. history ?
Before you dismiss such notions as utter foolishness dreamed up by a few bloggers with too much time on their hands , perhaps you should consider what one of the biggest credit rating organizations in the world is saying .
According to a report on sovereign debt by Moody ’s , the world ’s five biggest AAA - rated countries ( including the United States ) are all at risk of soaring debt costs and will have to implement austerity plans that threaten “ social cohesion ” .
In case you are wondering what happens when “ social cohesion ” starts to break down due to economic factors , just check out the recent examples in Iceland and Greece .
If even Moody ’s is warning that there is a realistic possibility that “ social cohesion ” in the United States may break down due to economic factors , perhaps we should all start listening .
Or if you will not listen to Moody ’s , then perhaps you will listen to the man who has been called the top trends researcher in the entire world .
Gerald Celente is the CEO of Trends Research Institute , and he is convinced that we are heading into what he calls “ The Greatest Depression ” .
The picture that he paints of the future of America is extremely alarming and extremely sobering .
It would be easy to dismiss his forecasts as just the ramblings of another useless “ talking head ” , but unfortunately Celente has been dead - on accurate time after time after time in the past .
Considering his exemplary track record , what Celente says is coming next for America is incredibly frightening ….
At this point you may be tempted to think that America has been through extremely tough economic times before ( The Great Depression for example ) and came through them okay .
So what is so different now ?
Well , the truth is that the character of the American people is dramatically different .
At the time of the Great Depression , the American people were tough , self - sufficient people who knew how to live off the land .
Today , most Americans are weak , spoiled little children who will throw a temper tantrum whenever anyone tries to take their toys away .
The character of the American people has been decaying for decades , and there is no way that the current crop of Americans has any chance of weathering a horrible economic depression the way Americans back in the 1930s did .
Already we are seeing early signs of what the rest of America could soon be like .
The city of Detroit is a rotting , crime - ridden war zone that has a “ real ” unemployment rate of somewhere around 40 to 50 percent .
The state of California has become a cesspool of gang violence , rampant unemployment , rising foreclosures , unchecked drug dealing , and depressing economic decline .
Even in New York City we are seeing early signs of what is ahead .
Residents are quite alarmed about the dramatic rise in violent crime that is happening throughout the city .
Many New Yorkers were convinced that the days of “ The Rotten Apple ” were behind them , but economic problems are going to cause an increase in crime in just about any city .
But it just is n’t crime that is on the rise .
Millions of normal , law - abiding Americans are angry .
This anger is coming out in various ways – including the Tea Party protests that are sweeping the nation .
The majority of the American people are frankly disgusted with the government , and the approval ratings for both major parties continue to hover around record lows .
As things continue to get worse for the U.S. economy , the anger of the American people is going to continue to rise .
All of this is causing many in the U.S. government to view “ troublemakers ” inside the United States as one of the greatest threats to national security .
In fact , according to FBI Director Robert Mueller , “ homegrown terrorists ” represent as big a threat as al - Qaeda .
As big a threat as al - Qaeda ?
For a top U.S. government official to come right out and make a statement like that is absolutely mind blowing .
Not only that , but now former U.S. President Bill Clinton is comparing Tea Party members to Timothy McVeigh .
Considering the fact that Timothy McVeigh received the death penalty , that is a very frightening parallel for Clinton to draw .
Does Clinton actually believe that Tea Party protesters should receive the same treatment as McVeigh ?
Even more alarming is new legislation being pushed in the U.S. Senate .
A new bill introduced by Senators John McCain and Joe Lieberman would allow the U.S. military to round up large numbers of Americans and detain them indefinitely without a trial if they “ pose a threat ” or if they have “ potential intelligence value ” or for any other reason the President of the United States “ considers appropriate ” .
The reality is that as “ necessary ” as bills like that may seem to many as we edge ever closer to the breakdown of society , the reality is that the United States is quickly becoming just like so many of the other horrific totalitarian regimes that we have seen rise throughout the 20th and 21st centuries .
In fact a time may soon be coming when authorities in the U.S. may soon be able to legally utter this bone chilling phrase : “ Your Papers Please ! ” Lawmakers in Washington D.C. working to create a new immigration “ reform ” bill have decided on a way to prevent employers from hiring illegal immigrants : a national biometric identification card that all American workers would be required to obtain .
Can you imagine being forced to carry around a national identification card ?
Or worse ?
A startup company developing “ chipless RFID ink ” has already tested its product on cattle and laboratory rats .
Could one day we all be required to sport an “ RFID tatoo ” to prove our identity to authorities ?
Let ’s hope not .
But many of us never thought that the day would come when we would see things such as the Patriot Act , “ no fly ” lists , the NSA ’s warrantless wiretapping program , DNA databases , Guantanamo Bay or full - body scanners at airports that reveal the graphic details of our naked bodies either .
America is quickly changing .
The next Great Depression is coming , and society is not going to be able to handle it .
How the U.S. government ( and governments around the world ) handle the coming social problems is going to be very interesting to watch .
Let ’s hope that all of this does not degenerate into the absolute societal nightmare that many are projecting that it could be .
NASA To Preppers : “ You ’re Right .
13 Months Till D - Day ” Watch Video !
Women still file the overwhelming majority of sexual harassment claims , but men are starting to assert their workplace rights more and more .
Over the last 20 years , the percentage of claims filed by men has doubled from eight percent to 16 percent .
You might reason that men are experiencing more harassment , which might be the case , but that probably does not explain the rise completely .
Officials suspect that male victims have become less reluctant to come forward .
And while some male complainants experience harassment from female colleagues , men- on - men harassment is the most common type reported .
This often includes harassment for perceived or actual homosexuality as well as unwelcome same - sex sexual advancements .
My guess is that while sexual aggression from female co-workers does exist , some men still want to avoid the stigma associated with reporting this — since you know , real men are supposed to want sex all the time from any woman .
Or perhaps we 're supposed to find " horny " women comical and nonthreatening .
These assumptions do n't change the fact that any sexual harassment victim , male or female , can have their well - being and ability to work negatively impacted by a hostile work environment .
ADVERTISEMENT
Have you heard of any cases of female - to - male sexual harassment ?
Experts need to beef up ways to measure the heat content of oceans as a way to track more reliably the course of global warming , scientists say today .
Kevin Trenberth and John Fasullo , climate scientists at the National Centre for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado , say that only about half of the heat believed to have built up in the Earth in recent years can be accounted for .
New instruments are needed to locate and monitor this missing heat , they say , which could be storing up trouble for the future .
" The heat will come back to haunt us sooner or later , " Trenberth said .
" The reprieve we 've had from warming temperatures in the last few years will not continue .
It is critical to track the build - up of energy in our climate system so we can understand what is happening and predict our future climate . "
Although the rise in surface temperature in recent decades is the most well - known consequence of the thickening blanket of greenhouse gases around the Earth , it represents just a tiny fraction of the extra heat trapped .
Most of the extra solar energy heads straight into the oceans , where it is stored as warmer water .
Some goes into melting glaciers and polar ice , as well as warming the land and atmosphere .
Writing in the journal Science , the scientists say their calculations show that current measurements can only account for half the extra heat trapped by human emissions .
Much of the rest is probably in the deep ocean , they say .
Some heat increase has been detected in the upper ocean , but there is no routine monitoring below depths of about 3,000m .
Fasullo said : " Global warming at its heart is driven by an imbalance of energy .
More solar energy is entering the atmosphere than leaving it .
Our concern is that we are n't able to entirely monitor or understand the imbalance .
This reveals a glaring hole in our ability to observe the build - up of heat in our climate system . "
The missing heat is important , they say , because it could be released as weather phenomena such as El Niño , in which the upper waters of the tropical Pacific ocean warm , and La Niña , which often follows .
La Niña events have been linked to cold weather , while El Niños drive storms .
The scientists say : " How can we understand whether the strong cold outbreaks of December 2009 are simply a natural weather phenomenon , as they seem to be , or are part of some change in clouds or pollution , if we do not have adequate measurements ? "
So I had a telephone conversation today with quarterback Tim Tebow .
Ever heard of him ?
He reached out , via agent Jimmy Sexton , in response to Tuesday night ’s story regarding the incident during the Wonderlic testing at the Scouting Combine .
As a league source told us , Tebow said something in the testing room about saying a prayer .
And then another player said something in response .
And then some of the other players laughed .
But Tebow says it did n’t happen .
“ Not one single word of it is true , ” Tebow told me .
Tebow has a very genuine and disarming way about him .
There ’s an innocence and kindness in his voice that conflicts with the image of a highly successful college quarterback , who was arguably one of the best college football players of all time .
He was nevertheless firm and resolute in his denial .
“ One of the number one things for me is being someone of character and when I say something people can take it to the bank , ” Tebow said .
“ That story is absolutely not true . ”
Tebow then named several of the other players who were in the room , and he invited me to check his version with each of them .
Tebow explained that he said nothing to the group of roughly 100 players , and he said that he spoke only to BYU quarterback Max Hall .
After talking to Tebow , I immediately contacted the source for the story , who agreed with my assessment that Tebow is “ the real deal . ”
But the source did n’t back down .
It ’s possible that Tebow made a comment intended for Hall that was overheard by another player , who then made a profane comment in response that was not heard by Tebow .
Still , Sexton told me in a follow - up e-mail that Tebow “ never said anything remotely close ” to what had been attributed to him .
We ’ll keep digging on this one .
We ’re confident that our source did n’t make it up , but we were impressed by Tebow ’s willingness to reach out and explain his position .
Though I ’m usually even more skeptical when someone tells me multiple times in a seven - minute conversation that he always tells the truth , when Tebow said it I believed it .
That said , there has to be a way to harmonize the two stories .
Tebow believes he ’s telling the truth , and I believe our source .
We ’ll keep after this one and report back when we have more .
The worst kept secret in gaming is now official as Epic Games mastermind Cliff Bleszinski went on Jimmy Fallon earlier today and officially proclaimed that Gears of War 3 is coming to Xbox 360 in April 2011 .
With the announcement comes the first cinematic teaser trailer titled “ Ashes to Ashes ” along with a few tidbits Fallon managed to pry out of Cliff while he had him in the hot seat .
Seen in the trailer and confirmed by Cliff , for the first time in the franchise there will be female COG soldiers and double - barrel shotguns .
A new enemy called the Lambent ( I think ) appears behind the Locus Horde and towers over them .
Per Cliff , this enemy has the ability to mutate on the fly and will cause all sorts of problems .
Lastly , Cliff wrapped up the short interview by stating the Gears of War release date will be April 8 , 2011 .
He seemed pretty sure about it so mark your calendars for the final chapter in the Gears of War trilogy .
Click here to see the trailer at NBC.com ( their embedding is messed up at the moment . )
Yes , the truth is out there .
But they do n't want you to know about it .
Who 's " they " ?
It could be Google or product manufacturers , your boss or your wireless carrier , Hollywood or Uncle Sam .
What do n't they want you to know ?
That your cell phone , your Webcam , and your employer may be spying on you .
That you 're probably paying too much for printer ink , and that your wicked - cool subsidized handset will cost you way more over time than an unsubsidized one .
That your PC may be coated with toxic flame retardants .
And that 's just for starters .
Do n't despair .
For every dirty little secret revealed herein , we describe a fix or a way to work around it ( if any exists ) .
You do n't have to be a victim , if you know what to do .
Just remember :
You 've been warned .
Your ISP Is a Copyright Cop
The RIAA and the MPAA may have a new ally .
The next people who bust you for illegally swapping music and movies could be the folks you pay for Internet access .
The recording and film industries are seeking to manipulate upcoming net neutrality legislation to allow ISPs to scan the bits passing through their networks and to block any that may violate copyrights -- similar to Comcast 's notorious attempts to throttle BitTorrent connections in 2007 .
The Federal Communications Commission 's recommended rule changes already contain an exception for " reasonable network management , " which could include sniffing for copyrighted content , says Jennifer Granick , civil liberties director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
Meanwhile , according to leaked reports , the international Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) now being negotiated in private sessions contains provisions requiring ISPs to police their own networks for copyright scofflaws .
Critics of the proposed treaty fear that copyright holders will insert a " three - strikes " policy , under which users could have their Internet access revoked if they 're caught exchanging copyrighted content more than twice .
" It 's dangerous giving so much power to copyright claims , " says Wendy Seltzer , project leader for the Chilling Effects Clearinghouse and a Fellow at Harvard 's Berkman Center for Internet & Society .
" Imagine someone telling you , ' If you violate our copyrights , we can terminate your Net connection , not just your blog . ' "
With such a powerful new partner playing the role of both investigator and enforcer , might copyright holders be emboldened to pursue more consumers suspected of violating copyrights ?
And what protections will consumers have against false claims of infringement ?
The Fix : Contact your congressional representatives and tell them that you oppose net neutrality loopholes for content filtering .
Support organizations such as Chilling Effects , the EFF , and Public Knowledge , which fight laws that turn ISPs into Hollywood 's hired guns .
Cell Phones Don't Crash Airplanes
The Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Aviation Administration have each recommended that airlines not allow passengers to use cell phones during commercial flights .
The FAA fears that the RF signal emitted by devices using the 800MHz spectrum band might interfere with the navigation systems of the plane , specifically GPS instrumentation .
Yet there is no documented case of an air accident or serious malfunction caused by a cell phone 's interfering with a plane 's navigation system .
The FCC 's concern is that wireless networks on the ground might be disrupted by the cell phones flying overhead .
As a plane flies over a wireless cell tower on the ground , the FCC believes , the cell site will detect all the cell phones operating inside the plane and go to work registering those devices to operate on the network .
But by the time the tower registers and connects all those mobile phones passing overhead , the plane will have passed into the range of the next cell tower on its route .
This uses up system resources and could hurt network performance for connected phones on the ground .
But some experts believe that this worry is outdated .
" Color me highly skeptical that this is a real problem with modern systems , " says Ken Biba , CTO of Novarum , a wireless consulting and engineering group .
" Modern digital phones actually use lower power , and , further , the cell towers have very directional antennas designed for covering the surface of the earth [ not the air above ] . "
The Fix :
There is n't much you can do .
Actually , the FCC and the FAA are doing us a big favor here .
They 're delivering us from having to fly with people jabbering away on their cell phones from takeoff to landing .
' Private ' or ' Incognito ' Browsing ...
Is n't
These days , most major Web browsers offer " private " or " incognito " browsing ( known colloquially as " porn mode " ) .
But all the feature really does is tell your browser not to record the sites you 've looked at , the search terms you 've used , or the cookies deposited during that session .
If the sites you visit record your IP address ( and many do ) , that information is available to any interested party that has the legal right to request it -- a group that can include divorce attorneys and law enforcement .
Recording visitors ' IP addresses is a trivial task -- you can add to any blog a free widget that accomplishes the same thing -- so you should assume that the sites you visit do so .
Of course , your Internet service provider assigned you the IP address in the first place , so it can track you anywhere you go online , if it so chooses .
In fact , the FBI wants ISPs to store your surfing histories for at least two years .
So far , major ISPs have resisted this push , in part because the storage and record - keeping requirements would be enormous .
What information ISPs retain , how long they keep it , and how public they are about it vary from provider to provider -- most wo n't talk about it .
( One exception is Cox Communications , which says that it retains IP address logs for six months . )
So while your spouse may not know what you 've been up to online , the feds might .
The Fix :
If you really want to browse off the record , use a proxy service , like Anonymizer or Tor , that obscures your IP address as you surf .
Do you want a Hebrew tattoo ?
Are you absolutely sure ?
Most of the Hebrew tattoos you see on the web are misspelled or with no meaning .
Such a tattoo does n't make you look special or spiritual , it makes you look dumb .
" I'm a maverick . " -- John McCain to Larry King , CNN , October 30th , 2008 " I never considered myself a maverick . " -- John McCain to Newsweek , April 3rd , 2010
What I most savor about John McCain 's recent statement , " I never considered myself a maverick , " is that it one of those passing utterances that show a pure and unspoiled contempt for the listener .
There are big lies in this world and small ones ; there are half - truths , shades of gray , minor factual fender - benders and spectacular wrecks of truthiness , and then there are those statements that exist only to demonstrate the absolute mastery of the speaker over his own version of reality , one that you , as a listener , are most emphatically not privy to .
There is no point to the statement , and no profound advantage in saying it or not saying it .
It is not something to be fact checked or tittered at .
It is merely there , a dangling , glistening drop of verbal drool from a smiling , unimpeachably honest mouth .
It is a blown kiss directed at you , the listener , whether you want it or not .
It is a tiny act of intellectual assault ; a minor act of thuggery sandwiched between one magazine page and the next ; a noble monument erected by the speaker to himself so that the rest of you pissant little tyrants , you dime - store dictators of the lower classes , can look upon his greatest works and know your own place .
The most precise translation is something like screw you , listener .
It is not a lie , of course , it is only a , shall we say ... evolution of the truth .
And that is the genius of the statement : it acknowledges fully that what is true and what is false , in politics -- scratch that , in America -- is completely irrelevant .
We can take him at his word , of course .
We can presume that the most narrow interpretation of those six words are indeed , true -- that he never considered himself a maverick , but was perfectly willing to craft an entire campaign , an entire career around the stupid little word .
That would mean that Senator John McCain has been a conniving liar all along , a manipulative son of a bitch , in fact , and that with this one statement he intends to come clean , if only for a moment -- but that would be insultingly simplistic , and far too easy .
We could presume he is simply a senile old fart -- also a possibility , given recent performances , but equally insulting .
The more accurate answer , of course , is that whether something is " true " or " false " is a game among children , and John McCain , like every other politician able to momentarily capture a camera or a podium , knows full well that you can lie your ass off to all of America and there 's not two people in a hundred who will either notice or give a flying damn .
It is not just a move for campaigning -- you can govern by it , too .
What the hell , you can form an entire movement around the premise that the " truth " is whatever the hell you say it is at one given moment , and that the " truth " may be something entirely opposite tomorrow .
If it means denying past videotape -- please .
Only elitists , bastards and misanthropes know how to press rewind .
If it means rewriting textbooks to bend history into a more pleasing pattern -- not a problem .
A hundred petty dictatorships in the world , past and present , have paved the way to that particular nirvana already : it hardly even requires effort at this point .
If it means celebrating Confederate history without once mentioning that the intolerable oppression those Confederates were attempting to cast off under the mantle of " states ' rights " was the inalienable right to keep other human beings in slavery , to breed and sell them like cattle , and to maintain this state of slavery over lifetimes and generations entirely on basis of parentage and perceived race -- pfft .
Only the easily insulted could care .
A collection of housing advocates for the poor might be just what they sound like -- or a secret cabal capable of bending the nation to their will .
Is it not arrogant to presume both are equally likely ?
After all , is not any organization dedicated primarily to the poor a suspect enterprise to begin with ?
You can deny anything from climate change to evolution to the existence of garlic bread by simply denying whichever physical laws of nature are most inconvenient or -- better yet -- simply get rid of the transitive properties of mathematics altogether .
If A = B , and B = C , than can we truly say that A = C ?
Or is that , as some of our greatest political minds will assert , the path to communism ?
And what of death panels ?
We can mutter all we like about the plain facts in front of us , that no such things ever were contemplated , that no " panels " anywhere in any legislation were holding the Sword of Damocles over your nana .
We can trace the origins of the lie , we can identify the prime liars by name and rank and income bracket , we can even track the lie back to its own corporate sponsorship -- a lie in service of a profit , just another new terrifying brand to be marketed to the masses .
But to say any of that is to be a sick and ignorant little fuck , because REAL AMERICANS , in all their uppercased glory , know that true patriotism consists of believing whatever fever dream you are being told , by whoever said it the loudest , and being prepared to believe the exact opposite as well if and when the need arises .
In this context , then , it seems downright mean - spirited to single John McCain out .
He is only doing what his constituency requires : reinventing reality into whatever new shape will gain a bare moment of applause .
Today he is not a maverick , and never has been ; by next week he might be one again .
But in all of this it would seem he deserves not our scorn , but our sincere gratitude -- because his , at least , is merely a political lie .
A banal , straightforward , screw - you - all lie targeted at nothing more than gaining a few votes from that most fickle of American interest groups , the unadulterated moron .
If you are too stupid to remember what happens from one year to the next , John McCain wants your vote .
If you do not give a flying damn what comes out of a politician 's mouth , John McCain is your man .
Give me your gullible , your indifferent , your huddled masses yearning to breathe any horse 's fart we can claim is the soft breeze of freedom , and John McCain , like a thousand other politicians and would - be politicians and outright hucksters of twenty other sorts can , for a small price , lead you to the promised land .
A mere campaign pander , no matter how comical -- now that is almost refreshing .
John McCain 's simple self - denial endangered no lives , and sent no creatures nearer to extinction .
It misled his audience not about science , or history , or taxes , or their grandmother 's health , or the dark designs of evil census workers .
Hell no -- he simply wants your vote , and is gladly willing to pants himself in front of the nation to get it .
Compare that to any other lies uttered in the last weeks by the likes of Michele Bachmann , or Sarah Palin , or Newt Gingrich , or insert - your - favorite - political - circus - act here ...
Ah , now those are lies .
And , as a slight aside , it is rapidly becoming true that if you want to know what is happening in politics , you will almost certainly get more accurate news from a comedy channel than a news one .
The reason is simple : comedians still have the plain common sense to be offended when someone is bullshitting them , which is something not one damn host on any Sunday show has the self - respect to manage .
The " news " is not the news , precisely speaking : it is merely the forum by which competing interests can cough up competing versions of reality .
You will find no politician shunned on the networks or in the editorial pages because of their own rampant falsehoods .
Perhaps it is foolish to expect it , but still ... it feels like we should expect it .
It still feels , somehow , that we should hold our national leaders to the same standards we demand of our kindergartners .
In any event , we should celebrate our new decade , for it has solidified the progress of the last .
We have now made abject lying into a national political movement .
It is no longer merely a tool for the cynical , but a destination , a bona fide political theme park .
You can take a bus to it .
You can craft a network around it .
Most of all , to tell an outright lie is now the American thing to do , proof positive that you are a patriot .
There is no statement so false as to be irredeemable , no matter how ugly or how stupid , so long as you wrap a flag around it .
Wrap a lie in the flag and it becomes a benediction .
Wrap a lie in the flag and it becomes untouchable .
John McCain once campaigned on a bus dubbed the Straight Talk Express .
I know this because ancient videotape tells us so , and because some of us , a very few , have retained something called " memory " of those days .
We may learn later that it was actually the Grilled Cheese Express -- there is no assurance that the plain facts of one set of months will transfer to another .
Where that bus is now I am not sure anyone can tell , but I prefer to imagine that it has been repainted with even more stars and even brighter stripes , sold off and re-stenciled with a truly ripping lie , some grand and nearly epic falsehood in eighteen - inch - high letters .
Maybe it tours the country telling people that their grandmothers are still in danger , or that whittling down to a mere several thousand nuclear weapons in the world would be national suicide , or that you have the God - given right to have companies dump toxins in your drinking water and anyone who says differently is a secret communist .
Perhaps it hunts the American heartland looking for citizens who dare to consider homosexuals people .
Maybe it travels north to argue that spotted owls cause cancer .
Maybe it urgently insists , in large , bold letters , that the government keep its filthy hands off your Medicare .
It hardly matters .
There is literally no end to the possibilities -- a movement that prides itself on creative falsehoods can accomplish anything , given a sufficiently gullible population .
But but a popular movement that additionally prides itself on its own gullibility , on its own fevered dismissal of anything that smacks too strongly of science , or of logic , or or rationality ?
A movement that screams " read the bill ! " , but has never read it , or a politician that screams " you lie ! " only to have it demonstrated that they , in fact , are the liar ?
Now that has the makings of something truly great .
As for Sen. McCain , we owe him our gratitude .
" I never considered myself a maverick " may be a lie , may be the truth , may be both or neither , but at least it was merely the kind of nonsensical horseshit we have always expected of our leaders .
It is practically nostalgic , in fact .
I dare say it feels as warm as a grandma - knitted sweater .
inria -00470324 , version 1
Communication dans un congrès
Abstract :
This paper presents a set of exploits an adversary can use to continuously spy on most BitTorrent users of the Internet from a single machine and for a long period of time .
Using these exploits for a period of 103 days , we collected 148 million IPs downloading 2 billion copies of contents .
We identify the IP address of the content providers for 70 % of the BitTorrent contents we spied on .
We show that a few content providers inject most contents into BitTorrent and that those content providers are located in foreign data centers .
We also show that an adversary can compromise the privacy of any peer in BitTorrent and identify the big downloaders that we define as the peers who subscribe to a large number of contents .
This infringement on users ' privacy poses a significant impediment to the legal adoption of BitTorrent .
A former top Vatican cardinal who planned to lead a Latin Mass in honor of Pope Benedict XVI on Saturday at the Basilica in Washington has been disinvited by the conservative Catholic group organizing the event because of fresh controversy over the cardinal ’s role in the sexual abuse scandal .
Cardinal Darío Castrillón Hoyos , a Colombian who formerly headed the Vatican ’s Congregation for the Clergy , came under fire last week when a Web site posted a letter he wrote in 2001 praising a French bishop for refusing to hand over to the police a priest who had raped children .
“ I congratulate you for not denouncing a priest to the civil administration , ” Cardinal Castrillón wrote to Bishop Pierre Pican , who was convicted in France for failing to report sex crimes against children .
“ You have acted well , and I am pleased to have a colleague in the episcopate who , in the eyes of history and of all other bishops in the world , preferred prison to denouncing his son and priest . ”
The cardinal compounded the controversy last week when he said at a conference in Spain that Pope John Paul II had authorized the letter and told him to send it to bishops around the world .
As part of the grand hoopla - fest building up to the release of the Federal Communications Commission 's National Broadband Plan this month , the agency hosted a Digital Inclusion Summit at Washington , DC's Newseum on Tuesday .
Co-sponsored with the Knight Foundation , during the course of the event the FCC disclosed more components of The Plan .
These include recommending the creation of a Digital Literacy Corps " to conduct skills training and outreach in communities with low rates of adoption , " and tapping into the agency 's Universal Service Fund to subsidize broadband for low income people .
But what really got our attention was this : the NBP will ask the government to " consider use of spectrum for a free or very low cost wireless broadband service . ''
That 's odd , we thought , since the FCC and Congress have been considering such an idea for years .
M2Z
Between 2006 and early 2009 , the agency actively vetted a proposal by M2Z Networks to provide a free , wireless broadband across the United States .
The FCC would lease a national spectrum license to M2Z in the Advanced Wireless Services - 3 ( AWS - 3 ) band area ( 2155-2175MHz ) , and the company would offer a free , advertising - funded , 512 Kpbs broadband service that filtered out indecent content .
Consumers would be able to access the band area via an attachment device on their computer .
The firm would also offer a faster , unfiltered premium service and pay the government 5 percent each year from its gross revenues .
Once granted this band , M2Z would commit to rolling out the smut - free network to 95 percent of the US population over the course of a decade .
M2Z launched a spirited campaign to generate public interest in its proposal , which came complete with a small battalion of endorsers .
" I know many Utahns would welcome the opportunity to provide their children with the educational and economic opportunity which broadband access can provide without having to become software engineers in order to protect their children , " Senator Orin Hatch ( R - UT ) wrote to the FCC in 2007 .
But while the idea received lots of shout - outs from family advocacy groups and members of Congress , the FCC rejected just granting the spectrum to a chosen entity .
Then in 2008 , agency chair and values voter Republican Kevin Martin came up with an alternative proposal to run an auction of that license zone — the winning bidder promising to abide by M2 Z 's commitments and rules .
Auction skewing
Various groups and companies quickly launched counter campaigns to stop or modify the Martin / M2Z plan .
T - Mobile insisted that the service would interfere with spectrum it owned in a nearby band .
And the wireless industry in general , led by CTIA - The Wireless Association , charged that the scheme would " skew an auction to the benefit of one entity or business model . "
Ironically , Key Republicans on Capitol Hill quickly took sides with big wireless , while Democrats backed Martin — with Rep. Anna Eschoo ( D - CA ) submitting a bill to the House that pretty much echoed what Martin proposed .
Meanwhile civil liberties groups and bookseller / publisher trade associations opposed the plan on different grounds .
The service " would censor content far beyond anything ever upheld by any court for any medium , " warned a coalition of 22 public interest groups in July of 2008 .
" This prohibition would plainly infringe on the rights of adults to access broad categories of lawful speech , " they wrote .
In response to T - Mobile 's concerns , the FCC's Office of Engineering Technology ran a battery of interference tests in Seattle that concluded that peaceful coexistence with T - Mobile 's licenses was doable .
As for the civil liberties concerns , to our delight , in December of that year Martin called Ars to announce that he was dropping the porn- filtering part of the plan from his proposal ( Julius Genachowski , the present chair of the agency , should feel free to emulate this fine example by contacting us at his convenience ) .
None of these gestures did the cause much good , however .
Wireless companies challenged the FCC 's engineering report .
And while those public interest groups were presumably assuaged by Martin 's announcement , it 's not as if they suddenly became big supporters of the plan overnight .
When Martin called us , we asked him what the prospects for the proposal now looked like .
" This is an item that has been pending at the Commission for several years , that the Commissioners were originally critical of not having moved forward faster , " he lamented .
" Other commissioners said , ' We 're overdue ; we 've got to do this . '
But when an actual item is put forth where you have to make a hard decision , they say , ' Well , I 'm not so sure what I want to do anymore . ' "
In the end , the Commission never weighed in on the plan .
Martin quit the agency the following year .
To this day , the FCC has not voted on whether to launch the auction or not .
An open question
We contacted M2Z CEO John Muletta to ask him what he thought of the FCC 's latest proposal for a free wireless service .
His response was pretty magnanimous , given his recent fortunes with the agency .
" I think this a victory for Chairman Genachowski's data - driven process , " Muletta told us , " which has independently confirmed that we have low broadband adoption in this country largely because broadband is too expensive .
Certainly a free service would go a long way to addressing that issue . "
But " since the FCC has yet to take action on the AWS - 3 rulemaking , it 's an open question as to whether the incumbent carriers will eventually hijack the process that is supposed to follow the National Broadband Plan and somehow delay the quick auction of the AWS - 3 band ( in the face of a spectrum crisis and drought ) . "
There is also some irony in the fact that the same wireless industry that once objected to skewing auctions for a single business model is now , in the name of a looming spectrum crisis , asking the FCC to coordinate the massive transfer of television license spectrum to wireless sector — essentially on the grounds that wireless broadband providers could more productively use those licenses than TV broadcasters .
And where were all those Orin Hatch style Republicans once big wireless cried foul over Martin 's smutless free broadband plan ?
As the M2Z story indicates , anyone who proposes setting aside spectrum " for a free or very low cost wireless broadband service ' ' could quickly find themselves on very uncertain terrain , with positions shifting overnight , and supposedly solid allies disappearing at the last minute .
We are talking , after all , about a service that consumers could get for free rather than buying it from AT&T , Verizon , T - Mobile , or Sprint .
So here 's some free advice : whoever launches the crusade at the FCC this time around better make sure they 've really got the votes .
Arizona lawmakers on Tuesday passed one of the toughest pieces of immigration - enforcement legislation in the country , which would make it a violation of state law to be in the U.S. without proper documentation .
It would also grant police the power to stop and verify the immigration status of anyone they suspect of being illegal .
The bill could still face a veto from Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer .
A spokesman for Ms. Brewer said she has not publicly commented on the bill .
Ms. Brewer , a Republican , has argued for stringent immigration laws .
Under the measure , passed Tuesday by Arizona 's lower house , after being passed earlier by the state Senate , foreign nationals are required to carry proof of legal residency .
Immigrants ' rights groups roundly criticized the bill .
" The objective is to make life miserable for immigrants so that they leave the state , " said Chris Newman , general counsel for the Los Angeles - based National Day Laborer Organizing Network .
" The bill constitutes a complete disregard for the rights of nonwhites in Arizona .
It effectively mandates racial profiling . "
( CNN ) --
Hoping to solve numerous cold cases , authorities on Thursday released more than a hundred photos of unidentified women and children found in a storage unit that belonged to a serial killer who appeared on " The Dating Game . "
Investigators are trying to determine if some of the people in the pictures were victims of Rodney Alcala , 66 , who was convicted in February of murdering a child and four women between November 1977 and June 1979 .
A jury this week recommended a death sentence for Alcala , who appeared on the popular dating show in 1978 as Bachelor No. 1 .
" We balanced the privacy concerns of those depicted in the decision to release these pictures , " Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said in a statement .
" Although we hope that the people depicted are not victims , we believe the release may help solve some cold cases and bring closure to victims ' families . "
See all the photos
A few pictures of men were also found among the portrait - style photos that were discovered in a storage unit that Alcala kept in Seattle , Washington , said Susan Kang Schroeder , a spokeswoman for the district attorney 's office .
The locker also contained earrings that belonged to 12 - year - old Robin Samsoe , who Alcala abducted and killed in 1979 , Schroeder said .
The discovery of the earring in the locker has raised speculation that there may be other victims or that the photographs were trophies to Alcala , she said .
" The idea is to figure out if these are other victims that belong to other cold cases and if they are we can hopefully bring some closure to these victims ' families , " she said .
" We know that Mr. Alcala used his photography as a ruse to get close to his victims . "
Authorities already believe that Alcala may be responsible for deaths in New York , Schroeder said .
" It 's very possible , " Schroeder said .
" Mr. Alcala is a predatory monster and we believe that he destroyed many lives everywhere he went . "
According to the Orange County District Attorney , Alcala was convicted in 1972 of kidnapping and molesting a child in Los Angeles County in 1968 .
After serving a 34 - month sentence , he was released .
In November 1977 , Alcala raped , sodomized and murdered Jill Barcomb , an 18 - year - old New Yorker who had recently moved to California , the district attorney said .
" The defendant used a large rock to smash in the victim 's face , causing blunt force trauma , and strangled her to death by tying her belt and pant leg around her neck .
He then left the victim 's body in a mountainous area in the foothills near Hollywood . "
The body was discovered soon after , and biological evidence was collected , but DNA technology was not yet available to find her killer .
The following month , Alcala raped , sodomized and murdered 27 - year - old nurse Georgia Wixted , according to the district attorney .
" The defendant used the claw end of a hammer to beat the victim and smash in her head .
He strangled her to death using a nylon stocking and left her body in her Malibu apartment , " according to the district attorney 's Web site .
Again the body was discovered and biological evidence was collected , but no link was made to Alcala .
All this occurred before Alcala charmed " Dating Game " contestant Cheryl Bradshaw in 1988 .
Though Bradshaw chose Alcala as her date , she reportedly refused to go out with him .
Alcala may have appeared likable to viewers at home , but Bachelor No. 2 , Jed Mills , said he was the complete opposite when they sat together in the green room before the show .
Mills said he had an almost immediate aversion to Alcala .
" Something about him , I could not be near him , " Mills recalled .
" He was very obnoxious and creepy -- he became very unlikable and rude and imposing as though he was trying to intimidate .
I wound up not only not liking this guy ... not wanting to be near him ... he got creepier and more negative .
He was a standout creepy guy in my life . "
Mills said he still has a difficult time discussing Alcala .
" Just talking about it , I get a tightness in my stomach , " he said , " It kind of sinks in slowly .
What this guy did , it 's hard to express .
He kind of haunts me a bit . "
Two more slayings followed the year after Alcala appeared on the show .
In June 1979 , he raped and killed 21 - year - old Jill Parenteau in her Burbank apartment , the district attorney said .
" The defendant strangled the victim to death using a cord or nylon .
Alcala 's blood was collected from the scene after he cut himself crawling through a window .
Based on a semi-rare blood match , Alcala was linked to the murder , " the district attorney 's Web site said .
Though he was charged with killing Parenteau , the case was dismissed after his first conviction in the Samsoe case .
In that case , Alcala approached a 12 - year - old at the beach in Huntington Beach and asked her to pose for pictures , after which she rode off on her bicycle toward a dance class , the district attorney said .
She did not make it .
" The defendant kidnapped and murdered Samsoe and dumped her body near Sierra Madre in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains , " the district attorney 's Web site said .
Alcala was convicted for Samsoe 's murder in 1980 and sentenced to receive the death penalty , but the conviction was overturned by the California Supreme Court .
A second trial in 1986 resulted in a death sentence , but it was overturned by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals .
As he awaited a third trial , Alcala 's DNA was linked to the murder scenes of Barcomb , Wixted and Lamb .
He was charged with the four Los Angeles murders , including Parenteau's .
Anyone with information regarding the identities of the women and children in the photographs found in Alcala 's storage locker is asked to contact Huntington Beach Police at 714-375-5066 or the Orange County District Attorney 's Office at 714-347-8492 .
New York ( CNN ) --
A former colleague accused of murdering a Yale University doctor carried a grudge -- along with a wig , handguns and approximately 1,000 rounds of ammunition when he was arrested , police said .
In addition , investigators said they found printouts in the suspect 's car with information about two people who may have been potential targets .
Lishan Wang , 44 , was charged this week with the murder of Dr. Vajinder Toor and the attempted murder of Toor 's wife .
Toor , who worked in the infectious disease branch of Yale New Haven Hospital , was gunned down Monday morning outside his home in Branford , Connecticut .
Toor was the second person in the Yale medical community to be slain in less than a year .
Annie Le , a graduate student at the medical school , was strangled to death inside a research building in September , police said .
A lab technician has been charged with killing Le and is awaiting trial .
Yale was not the connection between Wang and Toor , however .
They previously worked together at Kingsbrook Jewish Medical Center in New York City .
The Brooklyn hospital fired Wang in 2008 after a confrontation with Toor , according to a police report and civil court records .
Wang then sued the medical center , alleging discrimination against him .
In his federal lawsuit , Wang said supervisors and other doctors humiliated and harassed him because he is Chinese .
He also said that a hospital committee unfairly labeled him as " excitable , emotional , and unable to control his anger , " and that the human resources department falsely characterized him as " mentally impaired and suffering from anger issues . "
Wang alleged in his lawsuit that Toor , who was the chief resident for the Department of Medicine , had accused him of ignoring pages and calls from hospital staff .
The two men then " engaged in a heated discussion , " with Toor accusing Wang of " threatening his safety by using hostile body language , " according to the suit .
Wang was suspended without pay pending an investigation .
He said in his court papers that the hospital would fire him if he did not seek " disability leave for mental impairment . "
Wang said he refused to " feign impairment for the sake of saving his job . "
He was terminated in July 2008 .
Wang 's civil attorney , Christine A. Fernandez , said in a statement that she was " deeply saddened " by the shooting .
" My heartfelt condolences go out to Dr. Toor 's family and to Dr. Wang 's wife and three children , " she said .
Attempts to reach
Wang 's lawyer in the criminal case were not successful , but the New York Times reported that he 's being represented by two public defenders .
He has not yet entered a plea .
Police say Wang allegedly sought revenge against his former medical colleague and harbored a grudge against him .
The Branford Police Department report provides chilling details of the violence that intruded on Blueberry Lane on Monday morning :
Toor kissed his wife and headed out to his driveway , on his way to work .
Wang greeted him with gunfire , the report says .
Toor 's wife , who was inside the couple 's condo , told police " she heard a loud and rapid noise which sounded like gunshots and ran out of the house , " according to the report .
She saw her husband lying on the grass in the front yard and spotted a man later identified as Wang standing next to a minivan .
" What are you doing to my husband ? " she shouted , according to the police report .
The man turned his handgun toward her and fired several shots , she told police .
She ducked behind a car , and he missed .
Neighbors heard the shots as well .
One told police she saw the man firing at Toor 's wife .
Another said she heard a woman screaming and saw a man lying on the grass .
The woman kept Toor 's son , 3 , inside so he would not see his fatally wounded father , the police report said .
Toor , who was shot five times , was pronounced dead at the scene , police said .
Wang was stopped a short time later , driving a red Dodge Caravan , police said .
He was carrying two ammunition magazines in his right front jacket pocket , according to the police report .
Inside the minivan , police said they found three handguns and approximately 1,000 rounds of ammunition .
According to the report , " also discovered in the vehicle were clothing , and a wig along with numerous other weapons such as a hammer , and a knife . "
Authorities said a picture of the victim was found in the vehicle along with printout information on two other people .
Wang is being held on $ 2 million bail .
This is hilarious , pet sitting at a computer , surf , watch pictures , listen to music ..
Is that possible ?
Where does this happen ?
The answer is : wherever we have a pet and pc.PC are always in some way attracted pets or to sleep on them or to them curiously watch .
On these images are recorded really unique moments that can never happen again .
Enjoy this unique and rare images of our favorite pets , and if possible make sure your computers is an area that your curious pet can not reach .
Advertisements
Jon Stewart opened his Tuesday show with a rebuttal of Bernie Goldberg and Fox News ’ claims that he is an elitist with an unsophisticated audience who favors liberals .
Stewart said , “ Look , I know I criticize Fox News a lot , but only because you are truly a terrible and cynical disingenuous news organization . ”
Here is the video courtesy of The Daily Show
Stewart responded to Bernie Goldberg characterizing him as a gutless social commentator , “ Ok , two things , one not all of us have your guts Bernie .
It takes a tough man to walk into O’Reilly ’s lion ’s den and criticize liberal elites , and two to say that comedians have to decide whether they are comedians or social commentators , uh comedians do social commentary through comedy , that ’s how it ’s worked for thousands of years .
I have not moved out of the comedians ’ box into the news box .
The news box is moving towards me . ”
Advertisements
He also hit back on Goldberg ’s criticism that Stewart has guests like Frank Rich that generalize about conservatives , “ I do n’t want to say anything , but Frank Rich has n’t been on the show since 2006 .
Since I gave Frank Rich that lap dance , I do n’t know if you noticed but I went back in the champagne room with Bill Kristol like five times , and if you watch this show as it appears you have , you must remember me and McCain , f**king like bunnies , but I guess that ’s besides the point .
Here ’s the point .
You ca n’t criticize me for not being fair and balanced , that ’s your slogan , which by the way , you never follow . ”
Stewart also batted back Goldberg ’s charge that Stewart ’s audience is unsophisticated , and called out the cynicism of Fox News , “ By the way , I thought my audience was elitist .
Are they elitist or unsophisticated , or are they unsophisticated in their elitism ?
Look , I ’m sorry I told you to go f**k yourself last week and that other time , like six months ago I told you to go f**k yourself .
Look , I know I criticize Fox News a lot , but only because you are truly a terrible and cynical disingenuous news organization . ”
Once again Stewart went straight to the heart of Fox News and gutted it by targeting the network ’s own hypocrisy .
It is fascinating that the right only considers Stewart a liberal elitist when he has guests from the left on his show , but they always ignore all of the people he features from the right because that does n’t play into their narrative of paranoid liberal media bias .
Jon Stewart is a comedian who happens to deliver biting and highly accurate media commentary through comedy .
His show is one of the most balanced on television .
He regularly features guests from the left and right .
The problem with Fox News is that they ca n’t appreciate true balance when they see it .
Jon Stewart and the folks at The Daily Show are still doing what they have done for years .
It was funny when he was all over Bill Clinton during the Lewinsky scandal , but it is n’t so funny to the right when he points out their hypocritical behavior .
I have been a historian of American education since 1975 , when I received my doctorate from Columbia .
I have written histories , and I 've also written extensively about the need to improve students ' knowledge of history , literature , geography , science , civics and foreign languages .
So in 1991 , when Lamar Alexander and David Kearns invited me to become assistant secretary of education in the administration of George H.W. Bush , I jumped at the chance with the hope that I might promote voluntary state and national standards in these subjects .
I became a founding board member of the Thomas B. Fordham Foundation and a founding member of the Koret Task Force at the Hoover Institution , both of which are fervent proponents of choice and accountability .
The Koret group includes some of the nation 's best - known conservative scholars of choice , including John Chubb , Terry Moe , Caroline Hoxby and Paul Peterson .
As No Child Left Behind 's ( NCLB ) accountability regime took over the nation 's schools under President George W. Bush and more and more charter schools were launched , I supported these initiatives .
But over time , I became disillusioned with the strategies that once seemed so promising .
I no longer believe that either approach will produce the quantum improvement in American education that we all hope for .
NCLB received overwhelming bipartisan support when it was signed into law by President Bush in 2002 .
The law requires that schools test all students every year in grades three through eight , and report their scores separately by race , ethnicity , low - income status , disability status and limited - English proficiency .
NCLB mandated that 100 % of students would reach proficiency in reading and math by 2014 , as measured by tests given in each state .
Last week I migrated both of my primary work computers , my desktop and my notebook , to SandForce based SSDs .
My desktop now uses an OCZ Vertex 2 based on the SandForce SF - 1200 with OCZ ’s special sauce firmware .
My notebook uses Corsair ’s Force F100 , also based on the SF - 1200 but offering equal performance to the Vertex 2 .
Clearly 100GB is n’t enough space for everything I have , so on my desktop I have a pair of 1TB drives in RAID - 1 .
This is where I store all of my pictures , music and some of my movies .
Automatic backups happen to a separate 2TB networked drive .
I ’ve got a separate file server that feeds the rest of my home and office with a 3TB RAID - 5 array .
The last part is really to feed my HTPC and hold all of my benchmarking applications , images and lab files , it ’s not necessary otherwise .
My desktop and notebook drives basically house an OS , applications , emails , PDFs , spreadsheets and tons of text files .
In other words - highly compressible data .
This is exactly the sort of usage model SandForce was planning on when it designed its DuraWrite technology .
If the majority of the data you store can somehow be represented by fewer bits you can solve a lot of the inherent problems with building a high performance SSD .
The SF - 1200 and 1500 controllers do just that .
The controllers and their associated firmware do whatever it takes to simply write less .
In systems like my desktop or notebook , this is very simple .
Writing less means the NAND lasts longer , it means that performance remains high for longer and with TRIM you can actually maintain that very high level of performance almost indefinitely .
SandForce ’s technology is entirely transparent to the end user .
You do n’t get any extra capacity , all you get is better performance .
We ’ve been looking at SandForce drives from multiple vendors for a while now .
If you want the history on the technology look here , and if you want to know how SSDs work in general click here .
As I just mentioned , OCZ ’s Vertex 2 ended up in my desktop .
That ’s the drive we ’re looking at today .
I moved to SandForce SSDs not because I wanted more performance , but because I wanted to begin long term testing of the mass production firmware on these drives .
If I ’m going to recommend them , I ’m going to use them .
I ’ve gone off a bit about Apple here and there .
I flat out hate the iPhone and ( max ) iPad .
I feel they are overrated pieces of equipment .
There is much more to my dislike of Apple than just that .
Back in the 80’s Apple computers were all the rage .
You had the Apple II series , then the Macintosh came out .
Pricing was similar to PC prices .
You got bang for the buck .
Then Apple went and got rid of Steve Jobs , and it went downhill .
In the mean time Jobs continued on and refined his business acumen to become the CEO he is for Apple now .
While all that happened , PCs came down in price .
Microsoft was the evil empire , and Apple was a nice alternative , if not a little out of most peoples price ranges .
Microsoft helped Apple avoid going out of business by investing in Apple .
Then the iPod came out , and all bets were off .
Now I will disclaimer this by saying flat out , I have no affiliation with any company I mention in this piece .
I do n’t get pre-release items to review outside of my company ’s Action Pack subscription , which the company pays for .
Now that that is over with , lets continue .
The iPod was a much needed item in the marketplace .
It combined with iTunes worked so well initially .
The iPod still does work well .
iTunes became something else .
A cash cow .
Proprietary file formats that would not play on non -iPod mp3 players .
Digital Rights Management that would lock the song into one machine .
The worst was ( and still is ) trying to port your bought music collection to a new PC .
Still people flock to it ( I use eMusic and Amazon ) .
Then came the iPhone , and initially , I thought it was a decent idea .
I still think its a good idea , but poorly implemented .
It is overly restrictive , you can only put on there Apple approved apps , and it is on a network that cannot handle the data flow .
The iPad is nothing more than the iPhone in larger format .
Same OS , same restrictions .
Now comes the new Apple developer rules .
To put in in simple terms , you cannot write something in a non-Apple approved language , and cross compile it to run natively on the iPhone and iPad .
this hurts for websites especially because of Adobe Flash , which is not nor will be supported on the iPhone or iPad .
How do you get away with not supporting one of the most popular web systems out there and say that you offer the best experience ?
Personally if I was a developer , I would just cut Apple out .
Write for the Android phones , which you can set to load non-marketplace apps .
The Android OS is nice , robust and can do anything that the iPhone can .
Plus it will give you control back over what you do , and show Apple that it is not the be all end all .
Speaking of Apple being the be all end all , it seems that unless you kiss Jobs rear , and only write good reviews and hype , otherwise you do n’t get early access to Apple stuff .
If that is n’t blackmail and a way to force good reviews to get more sales early on , then I do n’t know what is .
Heck it sounds to me like it should be illegal , because the bad reviews seem to get buried , so the consumer is fed incomplete information .
Do n’t get me wrong , the Mac is a nice machine , and one day maybe I can afford one .
while its nowhere near as secure as Apple touts , it is a machine that does just work .
Unfortunately , it is too darn expensive for me right now .
The bang for the buck is n’t there .
Apple is heading down a major slippery slope right now .
Using lawsuits to try and stifle competition , locking out developers , lying to the public , I swear I ’ve heard of these things before .
Oh yeah , it was the same stuff Microsoft was doing right before it got hit with an Anti-Trust lawsuit .
Advertisement
All systems : Fedora 13 , the latest version of the Linux desktop code - named Goddard , is available for testing out on a live CD , a USB stick , or , for the brave , hard drive installation .
Automatic printer drivers , better graphics support , and more is included .
Front page thumbnail image by SteveHiggs.com , desktop screenshot by Phoronix .
Most of Fedora 13 consists of refinements in various packages , including the desktop , application installer , and other aspects familiar to regular users .
This release does include some new steps , however , like automatic installation of printer drivers for supported hardware upon plugging in .
NVIDIA graphics chips get better — and in some cases , open - source — driver support , and easier webcam utilization .
Software like Firefox also gets new and better packaging , and , well , the rest you 'll have to see for yourself .
Advertisement
Fedora 13 is a free download that should run on most hardware .
If you 're keen on testing it through a USB stick , here are Fedora 's instructions on doing so .
Get the next Fedora [ via Phoronix ]
The move to 64 - bit software has been steady ( if slow ) , but browsers are in their own category entirely .
Microsoft has been offering a 64 - bit version of Internet Explorer ( IE6 and up ) since the release of the 64 - bit versions of Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 in April 2005 .
A 64 - bit version of Safari is available in Snow Leopard , and Linux users can download a 64 - bit version of Opera .
Chrome , however , does n't yet have a 64 - bit version .
Firefox has one , but only for Linux ( unofficial 64 - bit versions of Firefox exist for Windows and Mac ) .
So why have n't Mozilla and Google bothered to release official 64 - bit browsers ?
For the same reason Microsoft has n't bothered to produce a 64 - bit version of its Silverlight plugin : nobody uses 64 - bit browsers .
The 64 - bit conundrum
That might sound like a vicious circle , and it is ; if you are using a 64 - bit browser , you need to use 64 - bit versions of all your plugins , and plugin makers are n't particularly eager to make 64 - bit versions until 64 - bit browsers start being used with some frequency .
There are three key plugins that need to offer 64 - bit versions before mainstream users can switch .
In order of least important to most important , these are : Silverlight , Java , and Flash .
Although Silverlight is nowhere near as important as other plugins , after releasing a beta of version 4 Microsoft did say that its Flash alternative had about 45 percent penetration so far ( which is quite impressive , given that Silverlight is n't even three years old ; its use by Netflix certainly helps that figure ) .
A 64 - bit version , however , is still not in the works .
In February 2009 we e-mailed Scott Guthrie , corporate vice president of Microsoft's .
NET Developer Division , and asked him if Silverlight 3 would have a 64 - bit version .
He told us no , as other browser plugins ( and most browsers ) do n't support 64 - bit .
Silverlight 3 was released in February 2009 and indeed was only available for 32 - bit browsers .
Soon after the Silverlight 4 beta arrived ( unsurprisingly , only in a 32 - bit version ) , we spoke with Brian Goldfarb , director of the Developer Platform and Tools Group at Microsoft , about the company 's priorities for developing future versions of the plugin .
" The simple answer is no , we are not supporting 64 - bit browsers , " Goldfarb told us .
" Users are running 32 - bit browsers because of plugins .
It 's all about sequencing and timing .
We 're absolutely going to do it ; we 're just not going to do it yet . "
Based on the data Microsoft was seeing , 64 - bit browser support just was n't worth the effort , Goldfarb told us .
" I do n't know at what version , but it will happen , " he said .
" My customers are asking for other features .
We need to bring people into the 64 - bit world , but the tradeoffs are n't worth it right now .
Businesses are n't asking for 64 - bit . "
Java , on the other hand , added 64 - bit support 12 months ago : Java SE 6 Update 12 was released in January 2009 ( almost four years after the first 64 - bit version of IE arrived ) .
Flash , arguably the most important plugin for day - to - day browsing , does n't have any 64 - bit support except for an alpha Linux version released in November 2008 .
But support for 64 - bit browsers is n't something that can really be touted as a competitive advantage at this point in the game ; it simply would n't faze Adobe to see the competition offer it .
The only official statement the company offers on its website is a TechNote titled Flash Player support on 64 - bit operating systems , which was updated on October 21 , 2009 :
Issue : Adobe Flash Player is not supported for playback in a 64 - bit browser .
However , you can run Flash Player in a 32 - bit browser running on a 64 - bit operating system .
Reason : Adobe is working on Flash Player support for 64 - bit platforms as part of our ongoing commitment to the cross-platform compatibility of Flash Player .
We expect to provide native support for 64 - bit platforms in an upcoming release of Flash Player following the release of Flash Player 10.1 .
Why use 64 - bit browsers anyway ?
While a move to 64 bits does n't noticeably impact browser performance , 64 - bit browsers are more secure ... at least for now .
" Security is a huge priority for us , and Silverlight has had virtually no security issues , " Goldfarb noted .
He also agreed that there is clearly a temporary gain for switching to 64 - bit browsers ; eventually malware writers will go where the majority of users are anyway .
There really would n't be much of a long - term gain , but the short - term gain , which could last a few years , is worth the effort since the larger majority of malware is written with the assumption the targeted browser is 32 - bit .
Furthermore , techniques such as Address Space Layout Randomization ( ASLR ) , a security technique which involves randomly arranging the positions of key data areas in memory to thwart hacking , can currently be defeated on 32 - bit browsers through techniques such as heap - spraying , which some exploits use to execute arbitrary code .
Malicious programs can thus fill the program 's address space with malicious code so that even if a random memory address is chosen , there is still an excellent chance that the exploit code is executed .
Heap - spraying and other malware methods are n't as viable with a large , 64 - bit memory space .
Making 64 - bit the default
Along with Windows 7 , Windows Server 2008 R2 hit RTM on July 22 , 2009 .
This is the first 64 - bit only Windows server operating system , and many are expecting Windows 8 , which is currently slated for 2012 , to be the first 64 - bit only Windows client OS .
That means Microsoft has about three years to push support forward so that when Windows 8 and its server counterpart finally arrives , the company can finally flip the switch and set the 64 - bit version of Internet Explorer 9 as the default .
Maybe that 's just wishful thinking , but a lot can happen in three years .
How the oil has spread
Approximate oil locations 22 April - 15 May A US
Coast Guard official says if leaks from an oil well in the Gulf of Mexico are not stemmed soon , they could cause one of the worst spills in US history .
Rear Adm Mary Landry , who is in charge of the government clean - up effort , said work on sealing the leaks using several robotic submersibles could take months .
About 1,000 barrels ( 42,000 gallons ) of oil a day are gushing into the sea .
An investigation has been ordered into the cause of the leak , which began when an oil rig exploded and sank last week .
The joint investigation , by the interior and homeland security departments , will have the power to compel witnesses to testify , and will look into possible violations by the operators of the rig , Transocean .
Evacuation Eleven of the rig's workers are still missing and presumed dead in the disaster off the Louisiana coast .
OIL SPILL DISASTERS 1991 : 520 m gallons were deliberately released from Iraqi oil tankers during the first Gulf War to impede the US invasion 1979 : 140 m gallons were spilt over nine months after a well blow - out in the Bay of Campeche off Mexico 's coast 1979 : 90 m gallons leaked from a Greek oil tanker after it collided with another ship off the coast of Trinidad 1983 : 80 m gallons leaked into the Gulf over several months after a tanker collided with a drilling platform 1989 : 11 m gallons were spilt into Alaska 's Prince William Sound in the Exxon Valdez disaster
Earth Watch : Oil and water Workers on a nearby oil platform were evacuated by the US authorities on Monday after the oil slick came dangerously close .
The leaks - about 5,000 ft ( 1,525 m ) under the surface - were found on Saturday , four days after the Deepwater Horizon platform , to which the pipe was attached , exploded and sank .
The resulting oil slick now has a circumference of about 600 miles ( 970 km ) and covers about 28,600 sq miles ( 74,100 sq km ) .
British oil company BP , one of the firms operating the rig , has not been able to activate a device known as a blow - out preventer , designed to stop oil flow in an emergency .
Doug Suttles , the chief operating officer for exploration and production at BP , said it had not yet given up on engaging the valve , but was considering other possible solutions .
These include placing a dome directly over the leaks to catch the oil and send it up to the surface , where it could be collected by ships .
This has only been done in shallow water before and is still two to four weeks from being operational .
BP will also begin drilling a " relief well " intersecting the original well , but it is also experimental and could take two to three months to stop the flow .
Forty - nine vessels - oil skimmers , tugboats barges and special recovery boats that separate oil from water - were meanwhile working to round up oil , BP said .
At a news conference , Adm Landry warned that if the well was not secured soon , " this could be one of the most significant oil spills in US history " .
' Controlled burn '
The current leak would have to continue for more than eight months to match the 11m - gallon spill from the oil tanker Exxon Valdez off Alaska in 1989 .
Adm Landry said the Coast Guard was considering a " controlled burn " of the petroleum trapped by special containment booms on the surface .
Environmental experts warn that animals nearby might be affected by toxic fumes , but perhaps not as much as if they were coated in oil .
" We fully understand there are benefits and tradeoffs , " Adm Landry said .
But she noted that with the spill moving toward land , the impact on Louisiana 's coastline , which contains some 40 % of the nation 's wetlands and spawning grounds for countless fish and birds , had to be considered .
Controlled burns had been done and tested before , and had been shown to be " effective in burning 50 to 95 % of oil collected in a fire boom " , she said .
The downside was a " black plume " of smoke , she added .
The slick is now about 20 miles ( 32 km ) off the coast of Louisiana , but wind projections indicate it will not reach land before Saturday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ The great imaginary ice barrier “ .
Ooh , Anthony Watts “ victory ” dance about increasing Arctic sea ice extent was embarrassingly short - lived .
Two days .
The sea ice increase , basically a product of weather in the Bering Sea , has declined a bit rather than ‘ bursting through ’ the average trend and Anthony has been forced to acknowledge it .
Since these fluctuations are really a reflection of local weather this could turn around again and permit Anthony to resume his dance .
But for now , he must be embarrassed .
It must suck to have to juggle a succession of overblown pronouncements about how particular weather events disprove Global Warming .
Maybe he ’s testing out an exit strategy .
When Anthony says “ Nature is just laughing at all of us ” he means , of course , at himself .
For the sake of keeping all our daggers sheathed here at Antiquiet , we largely tend to avoid the political arena whenever possible .
This , however , is a sitting duck that ’s just impossible to ignore , and because it sort of qualifies as music , I could n’t resist .
Mike Huckabee has just called out Russell Simmons directly .
He believes that what the rap world is missing are The Young Cons , two white - bread cracker - ass virgin honkies with silver spoons forever lodged deep within their colonic canals , who are calling out all the liberal , moderate and otherwise non-hardline neocon “ haters ” out there .
Wave your Cartier watches in the sky & sip that warm milk as the Ivy League rhymeslayers lay down some sick rhymes about abortions and disgraced ( fired ) Miss California , Carrie Prejean .
Aside from the general air of thinly - veiled cerebral palsy , the most fantastic thing about the clip was the line Yo Stiltz – make it two times please …
It may just be the new Yo Vanilla , kick it one time boyeeeeee .
Too early to tell as of now .
In truth , there ’s something to be said for the young men ’s ability to drop the biblical horseshit while wearing a thousand - dollar suit :
My dislike for thee is def’nitely not hyperbole / taxes are the subject , and I will spit them verbally , one of them rhymes , in a blistering display of pseudopolitical aggression .
It this the GOP ’s answer to the suburban hate rock spawned by Disturbed , Cold , Godsmack & the like ?
If so , how are we supposed to feel about it ?
Because laughing seems like the only option , across the board .
And I do n’t see that changing .
This is a huge story , probably as big as Climategate but certain to get little press .
After all , there is less proof to present .
This is not just another day in world politics .
Sure corruption happens , but we ’ve just learned how Copenhagen global government was attempted to be forced onto the rest of the world .
Climate aid threat to countries that refuse to back Copenhagen accord
The pressure on poor countries to support the US , EU and UK - brokered Copenhagen accord came as 190 countries resumed UN climate talks in Bonn in an atmosphere of mutual suspicion .
“ The pressure to back the west has been intense , ” said a senior African diplomat .
“ It was done at a very high level and nothing was written down .
It was made very clear by the EU , UK , France and the US that if they did not back them then they would suffer . ”
If you are a poor country , you naturally have more intelligence than most poor citizens and you recognize that dependence on outside money is a form of enslavement .
In most cases , the leaders of poor countries have been using the technique on their own citizens for decades .
They do n’t want the money , but for most poor countries in this world , it is too late .
Some political predecessor already went for the cash .
In many cases , the small countries cannot give up the money which feeds systems that the previous agreements put in place .
In a huge feat of kindness , generosity and the hope to help their fellow citizen , the wonderous Obama / global government flatly threatened to take their money away if they did n’t vote for this policy .
They also offered new money for them if they do vote for it .
Of course non-idiots know , the new money could be taken away on a non-compliance whim later .
And the evidence of the threat being carried out is here :
Yesterday it emerged that the US is to cut climate aid to Bolivia , Ecuador and other countries who have refused to sign up to the accord .
But the outgoing UN climate change chief , Yvo de Boer , said : “ Bolivia is losing $ 2.5 m in climate funds .
That ’s about what the presidential palace pays for toilet paper a year .
Bullying is not an effective instrument . ”
Now of course we would have to be idiots to believe we threatened Bolivia with 2.5 million – for god ’s sakes that would be stupid .
This was the warning shot , but it was also unequivocal proof of the corrupt forcing of votes on a global scale as well .
Why take ‘ small ’ money away if nobody in the world has been taking any action whatsoever with respect to Copenhagen either ???
And the piece of crap
Boer want ’s us to fall for it :
To the rest of the Earthlings I write — welcome to Chicago politics .
The threat has soft words behind it in some cases
Earlier this year , Karl Falkenberg , director - general for environment at the European Commission , signalled that countries that did not fully support the accord might not qualify for future funds .
“ It is not money for free , we are helping developing countries to make more of an effort than they could do on their own . ”
Of course the agreement Karl Marx Falkenberg , is discussing HASN ’T BEEN ENACTED BY ANYONE .
NOBODY HAS TAKEN A SINGLE STEP WITH RESPECT TO COPENHAGEN .
Sorry , it pisses me off but think about it ….
Bolivia is being punished in advance of any signed legal agreement by NON - PUNISHED countries , with a piece of paper that does nothing for climate yet empowers a small group of people over the global population .
It ’s all lies , and they are completely transparent , of course you have to be able to read to see it .
Some signatories will be richly rewarded for backing the weak agreement .
Ethiopia expects to earn nearly $ 1bn from climate change funds .
However , 90 poor countries have refused to associate with it , mostly arguing it will not reduce emissions enough to prevent catastrophic climate change .
Because Etheopia has the government that we should be propping up , Right ?!!
Ok , it pissed me off again , sorry .
A commenter recently left some opinion that Copenhagen was n’t about world government and control , and that sent me off .
How naive can humans be .
My god , they are telling us exactly what they are doing folks .
Wake up — or else .
In democracy , representatives are supposed to vote for the best interests of their constituents .
Nobody can reasonably pretend that the Copenhagen power grab is a democracy , however these are representatives at the accord ARE claiming and providing PROOF of extortion and abuse of power to force cooperation .
Decisions are not made regarding what is in their or their citizens best interest , but rather , do it or else !!
In a first - of - its - kind experiment , the unique conditions of spaceflight will be used to examine how cells remain healthy or succumb to disease , particularly in the face of stress or damage .
At 3:21 a.m. PDT on April 5 , ASU Biodesign Institute researchers Cheryl Nickerson and her team , including Jennifer Barrila and Shameema Sarker , will see their latest experiment launched into low earth orbit aboard the space shuttle Discovery on mission STS - 131 .
The goals of the team 's research are to provide fundamental new insight into the infectious disease process , and further undestanding of other progressive diseases , including immune disorders and cancer .
The knowledge gained from this work may eventually aid in the development of new treatments for infectious diseases , which remain a leading cause of human morbidity and mortality worldwide .
Results of the current study will also be used to help mitigate infectious disease risks to the crew , who are particularly vulnerable to infection , due to reduced immune function during spaceflight missions .
" The key to this research " said Nickerson , a School of Life Sciences associate professor and researcher at Biodesign 's Center for Infectious Diseases and Vaccinology , " is the novel way that cells adapt and respond to the unique microgravity environment of spaceflight .
In response to microgravity , cells exhibit important biological characteristics that are directly relevant to human health and disease , including changes in immune function , stress responses , and virulence ( infectious disease potential ) that are not observed using traditional experimental approaches . "
This is the third time that Nickerson and her ASU team have flown their NASA - funded experiments aboard a space shuttle .
Their previous research on board Shuttles Atlantis and Endeavour were the first to show that spaceflight induces major changes in the gene expression and virulence of the food - born pathogen , Salmonella .
These changes were due , at least in part , to the unique way extracellular fluid flows around the surface of cells -- like water flowing over and around a pebble in a streambed .
This physical perturbation of the cell surface caused by the surrounding fluid flow over it results in a low fluid shear force that induces unique cellular responses in both bacteria ( like Salmonella ) and human cells .
The current mission will be the first time that human cells will undergo infection by a pathogen in spaceflight .
Specifically , this thirteen day experiment , called STL - Immune , will characterize the effect of microgravity on intestinal cellular responses before and after infection with the food - borne pathogen , Salmonella typhimurium .
Results of this study will be analyzed in a collaborative effort between Nickerson 's lab and that of her co-investigator Mark Ott , a researcher at NASA 's Johnson Space Center , and his graduate student , Sarah Castro .
advertisement
The goals of these experiments are twofold : a ) to better understand the effect of spaceflight on human cells before and after infection with an invasive bacterial pathogen -- information of vital importance for ensuring the safety of astronauts , and b ) to gain insight into responses of human and pathogenic cells in their customary environment within the human body on Earth .
These conditions , Nickerson explains , can sometimes bear intriguing similarities to those observed during spaceflight , though this effect is often masked by gravity in conventional , Earth - based experiments .
Disease - causing bacteria like Salmonella are capable of keenly sensing the environmental conditions they encounter during infection in their human or animal hosts , adjusting their virulence as conditions dictate .
As they infect their hosts , bacteria use a battery of options to dodge attempts to destroy them .
Nickerson 's previous work showed that bacteria can use the Hfq protein to regulate their pathogenic responses to fluid shear .
The Hfq protein is highly conserved in bacteria , meaning it is found among a wide array of species , and plays an essential role in the infection process .
Interestingly , human cells have their own version of the bacterial Hfq protein , call Sm proteins , which are involved in cellular differentiation and responses to stress , immune system function , and the production of tumors .
The group hopes to determine if the Sm proteins also act as response regulators during spaceflight , like the Hfq protein does in bacteria .
The excitement of Nickerson and her team is palpable as the launch day approaches .
" To actually look at the host - pathogen interaction in flight , " she said , " is really taking the findings from our previous spaceflight research to a whole new level . "
This research holds important benefits and applications for mitigating infectious disease risks to the crew during spaceflight , and for the development of new strategies to combat disease for the general public on Earth .
Dr. Duane Pierson , Chief Microbiologist for the NASA Life Sciences Directorate , stresses the importance of Nickerson 's foundational studies into host - pathogen behavior : " Dr. Nickerson 's earlier studies produced landmark discoveries of increased virulence in bacteria during spaceflight .
Her current investigation may yield even more discoveries of the fundamental processes of microbial infection of human cells in the space environment . "
A more thorough understanding of the way pathogens and human cells interact in space may pave the way to new vaccines and therapeutics for a broad range of infectious diseases , as well as other afflictions affecting human populations .
Additionally , the results will be used to fine - tune protocols affecting astronauts , helping to ensure they do n't fall victim to heightened microbial virulence .
" While studying cells using traditional experimental conditions in the laboratory has taught us an enormous amount about how cells behave normally or develop disease , " Nickerson said , " we are starting to realize just how much we 've missed using these conventional approaches .
Our work using the spaceflight platform for such studies has and will continue to advance our fundamental understanding of the disease process in cells and could lead to major advancements in human health . "
First there was product placement .
Now there 's " behavior placement , " the planting of subtle messages in popular TV shows to encourage certain viewer behavior — such as healthy eating or eco-conscious habits — and thereby convince sponsors that their brands will be associated with " feel - good , socially aware " shows .
NBC has owned up to the practice , reports The Wall Street Journal , as part of its Green Initiative : If " Tina Fey is tossing a plastic bottle into the recycling bin , " the theory goes , audience members will be more apt to do the same .
Innocuous or " Orwellian " ?
This is n't just creepy , it 's dumb :
The pressure to be eco-conscious has reached a new high , says says Christopher Rosen in Movieline .
NBC implies that people are too dumb to make healthy decisions on their own .
How " patently stupid . "
Do viewers really need NBC " telling them how to run their life ? "
" NBC thinks you 're an idiot , part 56 : ' Behavior placement ' "
What 's the big deal ?
Despite the hubbub , the principles NBC promotes are " fairly innocuous , " says Amy Chozick in the Wall Street Journal .
" Climate change may be controversial , " but these shows do n't make a political statement — they simply show characters making green - conscious decisions .
" Most people can agree ... [ this ] is a good thing . "
" What your TV is telling you to do "
Unfortunately , healthy habits are n't the bottom line : Clearly , for NBC , behavior placement is about dollar signs and cynicism , says Jon Bershad in Mediaite .
The execs ' attempts to manipulate their viewers to draw eco-conscious , health - conscious advertisers is " soul - crushing " proof that " everything is a business " these days .
" NBC — Green initiative "
Es gibt eine globale Petition rund um die ACTA - Verhandlungen .
Hier ist die deutsche Übersetzung ( Danke an den AK - Daten ) .
Erklärung von Wellington anlässlich der PublicACTA Konferenz
10 . April 2010
Der Originaltext der Erklärung ist hier nachzulesen .
Mitzeichnen können alle Bürger aus den betroffenen Staaten ( inkl EU ) bis 13..4.2010 hier .
Präambel
Die Teilnehmer der OpenACTA Konferenz vom 10 .
April 2010 übermitteln diese Erklärung von Wellington an die verhandlungsführenden Parteien des Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreements ( ACTA / Anti-Piraterie - Abkommen ) mit der Bitte diese in Ihre Überlegungen während der Wellington - Runde der Verhandlungen einzubeziehen .
In Übereinstimmung mit der Resolution des europäischen Parlamentes vom 10 .
März 2010 zu Transparenz und zum Stand der Verhandlungen des ACTA - Abkommens ( Entschließung P7 _TA ( 2010 ) 0058 ) soll ACTA auf ein Abkommen bezüglich der Durchführung von Anti-Pirateriemaßnahmen ( kommerzielle Produktion illegaler physischer Güter in großem Maßstab ) beschränkt werden .
Der erste Teil der Erklärung beschäftigt sich mit allgemeinen Gründen und Prinzipien .
Der zweite Teil der Erklärung beschäftigt sich mit einigen spezifischen Punkten , die in der Wellington - Runde zur Verhandlung anstehen .
Teil I : Allgemeine Gründe und Prinzipien
Das Internet bewahren
Wir stellen fest , daß das Internet Kreativität und Innovation ermöglicht , den Austausch von Wissen , das zivilgesellschaftliche Engagement und die demokratische Entwicklung fördert und einen Motor wirtschaftlicher Chancen und Entwicklungen darstellt .
Dies ist das Ergebnis bestimmter Merkmale des Internets , seiner offenen Protokolle , seiner Schöpfungskraft , dem Umstand , daß jeder sich mit dem Internet verbinden , neue Anwendungen und neue Nutzungsmöglichkeiten diskriminierungsfrei entwicklen kann .
ACTA muß diese Grundsätze bewahren .
Rahmen für Verhandlungen
Wir weisen darauf hin , daß die WIPO – Weltorganisation für geistiges Eigentum – über öffentliche Verfahren zu Fragen des Urheber - , Warenzeichen - und Patentrechtes verfügt .
Dies schließt transparente Richtlinien für die Verhandlung multilateraler Abkommen ebenso ein wie einen Ausschuß , der sich der Durchsetzung widmet .
Wir bekräftigen , daß die WIPO den zu bevorzugende Rahmen für die Verhandlung nachhaltiger Bestimmungen bezüglich dieser Angelegenheiten darstellt .
Ziele von ACTA
Wir weisen darauf hin , daß es Zweck des Urheberrechtes ist , schöpferische Leistungen und deren Verbreitung zum Wohle der Allgemeinheit zu fördern und den Urhebern eine dementsprechende Kontrolle über ihr Werk zu verschaffen .
ACTA geht davon aus , diese Zielsetzung wäre gefährdet und weitere Schutzmechanismen wären nötig .
Wir fordern eine klare Aussage welches genaue Problem ACTA lösen soll und unabhängige Anhaltspunkte , die diese bekräftigen .
Verfahren
Das Verfahren mit dem ACTA verhandelt wird muss geändert werden :
Transparenz
Wir sind der Überzeugung , daß Rechenschaftspflicht und öffentliche Kontrolle wichtige Elemente einer freien Gesellschaft sind .
Wir fordern daher vollständige Transparenz und öffentliche Kontrolle der ACTA - Verhandlungen , insbesondere auch die Veröffentlichung des Verhandlungsstandes ( Textfassung ) nach jeder Verhandlungsrunde .
Die Regierungen der verhandlungsführenden Staaten waren nicht bereit auf konkrete Bedenken der Öffentlichkeit zu reagieren .
Eine Kontrolle durch die Öffentlichkeit wird mit dazu beitragen , daß das Abkommen keine unbeabsichtigten Konsequenzen beeinhaltet und zu größtmöglichen positiven Effekten führt .
Analyse der Auswirkungen
Wir sind der Überzeugung , daß die Regierungen ACTA ohne ein unabhängiges Gutachten bezüglich der Auswirkungen auf wirtschaftliche , soziale , ökologische und kulturelle Situation in den jeweiligen Ländern nicht unterzeichnen sollten .
Dergestalte Gutachten sollten rechtzeitig vor Unterzeichnung veröffentlicht werden um die Kontrolle durch die Öffentlichkeit und die Erwägung der Nachhaltigkeit zu gewährleisten .
Teilhabe
Wir fordern eine breitere Teilhabe bezüglich der Verhandlungspunkte von ACTA als auch ihrer Reichweite .
Verhandlungen und Konsultationen müssen die vollständige Beteiligung und sachverständige Mitwirkung bei Bewertung und Entwicklung von Entwürfen sicherstellen .
Alle Regierungen müssen eingeladen werden sich den Verhandlungen anzuschließen .
Beiträge aller beteiligten Felder , wie z.B. Erziehung , Ausbildung , Gesundheit , Kunst , Kultur , Informationstechnologie , Nichtregierungsorganisationen und Verbraucherverbänden sind anzufordern .
Regionale Flexibilität
Wir bekräftigen die Wichtigkeit lokaler Flexibilität und den Bedarf die hoheitlichen Rechte eines jeden Staates Urheber - , Warenzeichen - und Patentrechte und - Gesetze so anzupassen , daß die Präferenzen und Konzeptionen bezüglich Gemeingütern der jeweils regionalen Kultur und Mentalität entsprechen .
Teil II : Spezifische Punkte der Wellington - Runde
Sofern die Verhandlungen sich weiterhin mit Urheber - Warenzeichen - und Patenangelegenheiten im weiteren Sinne beschäftigten , fordern wir die Verhandlungsteilnehmer auf folgendes zu berücksichtigen :
Ausnahmen und Beschränkungen
Wir sind der festen Überzeugung , daß ACTA Ausnahmen und Beschränkungen , wie z.B. Fair Use und faires Verhalten [ im Sinne des Gebrauches im Commonwealth of Nations ] benennen muß , um die Ausgewogenheit der Interessen , die für Urheberrecht grundlegend ist , zu gewährleisten .
Technologische Schutz - Maßnahmen
Wir nehmen zur Kenntnis , daß ACTA , neben anderen Feldern , ein Abkommen zur Durchsetzung von Urheberrechtsinteressen darstellt .
Technologische Schutzmaßnahmen betreffen Zugang und Steuerung und sollten daher außerhalb des Anwendungsbereiches des Abkommens verbleiben , da das vorhandene Urheberrecht völlig ausreicht um Verletzungen zu ahnden .
Technologische Schutzmaßnahmen sollen nicht geschützt werden , das Urheberrecht wohl .
Für den Fall daß ACTA den rechtlichen Schutz technologischer Schutzmaßnahmen vorsieht , darf dieser Schutz nicht weiter als Artikel 11 des WIPO Internet - Abkommens gehen .
Technologische Schutzmaßnahmen sollen die Rechte der Nutzer urheberrechtlich geschütztes material zu verwenden nicht weiter verletzen oder beschränken , als dies ohne technologische Schutzmaßnahmen erlaubt wäre .
Rechtsstaatliche Verfahren bewahren
Wir erklären , dass ACTA inländische rechtsstaatliche Verfahren weder verdrängen noch ersetzen darf .
Die einer Urheberrechtsverletzung Beschuldigten müssen in vollem Umfang von Verbraucherschutzrechten und Absicherungen Gebrauch machen können und Zugang zu einem rechtsstaatlichen Verfahren haben .
Privatsphäre
Wir weisen auf die große Bedeutung des Schutzes der Privatsphäre hin .
Dieser umfasst Angaben zum Nutzer , persönliche Identifikationsmaßnahmen , IP - Adressen und vergleichbare Informationen .
Das Abkommen darf die Weitergabe an Dritte weder verlangen noch erlauben , ohne das dies in einem ordentlichen Gerichtsverfahren und unter Aufsicht der Gerichtsbarkeit angeordnet wurde .
Es darf bestehenden Datenschutz oder Privatsphären - Regelungen weder beschränken noch schmälern noch darf es Überwachungsmaßnahmen einführen .
Provider
Wir weisen darauf hin , dass ACTA berücksichtigen muss , daß Zugangsanbieter , ISP , Hoster und Suchmaschinen essentiell dafür sind , das die Nutzer die Vorteile des Internets nutzen können .
Diese Funktion muss geschützt und gefördert werden .
Provider die den Inhalt in ihren Systemen und Netzwerken nicht selbst bereitstellen oder steuern müssen in den Genuss sogenannter „ safe harbours “ kommen , die nicht auf Durchsetzungsverpflichtungen beruhen die Urheberrechtsverletzungen Dritter zur Basis haben .
ACTA darf keine sekundären Haftungsrechte [ Dritthaftung ] begründen .
Zugang zum Internet
Wir stellen fest , dass der Zugang zum Internet in zunehmendem Maße für die gesellschaftliche Teilhabe notwendig ist .
Zugangssperren , Aussetzung von Nutzerkonten oder Nutzungsbeschränkungen haben unverhältnismäßig negative Konsequenzen für die Bürgerrechte .
ACTA kann weder verlangen noch erlauben , dass dies eine akzeptable Sanktion für Urheber - oder Warenzeichenrechtsverletzungen darstellt .
Schadenshöhe
Wir erklären dass die Schadenshöhe
– ausschiesslich von fachkundigen Stellen der Jurisdiktion ( wie z.B. Gerichten ) innerhalb einer jeden souveränen Nation festgestellt werden dürfen .
– der Absicht und dem tatsächlichen und reellen Schaden angemessen sein müssen .
– nicht innerhalb eines pauschaliertes Schadenshöhen - System umgesetzt werden darf .
Strafbarkeit
Wir erklären , dass ACTA an die Strafbarkeit hohe Schranken knüpfen muss .
ACTA soll nicht zum Bestreben führen persönlichen Gebrauch und privates Handeln so umzudefinieren , dass die Definition gewerblichen Ausmaßes anzuwenden wäre .
ACTA muß das Ziel angemessener Bestimmungen hinsichtlich des Problems der unmittelbaren und vorsätzlichen gewerblichen Verletzung in großem Umfang mit Gewinnerzielungsabsicht beachten und behandeln .
Geschehen zu Wellington , Neuseeland , am 10 April 2010 .
Civic Suites , Stadthalle Wellington
Weitere Informationen bezüglich dieser Erklärung sind über die PublicACTA Website erhältlich : www.publicacta.org
Deutsche Übersetzung : AK DATEN E.V. euue|ak / CCPL DE 3.0 BY - NC-SA
Divorce Lawyers Middletown , NJ
Family Law Attorneys Guiding You Through the Divorce Process In Monmouth County , Middlesex County , or Ocean County , NJ
When you need an experienced divorce attorney in Monmouth , Middlesex or Ocean County , come to Rudnick , Addonizio , Pappa & Casazza PC .
For more than 40 years , our lawyers have been serving the people of New Jersey .
We can help you effectively and efficiently resolve your divorce , so that you can move on with your life .
Contact attorney James Addonizio today to schedule your confidential consultation .
Helping You Effectively Resolve All Issues Related to Your Divorce in Woodbridge , New Jersey
Divorce is rarely just a matter of deciding to separate .
Depending on your individual circumstances , you may have to address many issues , including :
Alimony
Bank account distribution
Child custody
Child support
College expenses for children
Distribution of pension rights
Equitable distribution
Life insurance requirements
Separation of property rights
Visitation rights
Your divorce may also be intertwined with issues of domestic violence or emotional abuse , making the separation even more complicated .
Whatever concerns you may be facing though , we can effectively represent you .
Providing You with Honest Opinions and Objective Advice About Divorce in Manalapan , NJ
We can help you address these concerns and more .
Every divorce is unique , so we take a personalized approach to your representation .
We will not attempt to provide you with answers until we fully understand your circumstances .
Once we do , we will provide you with candid advice , backed by decades of legal experience .
We will also take the time to answer all of your questions .
We understand that divorce is likely to be a difficult process , and nothing is likely to change this .
However , sometimes simply facing the unknown is one of the most difficult parts .
When you come to our offices , we will do everything we can to ensure that you know exactly what will happen at all points .
Contact Our Experienced East Brunswick Divorce Attorneys Today
When you need an experienced divorce attorney in Monmouth , Middlesex and Ocean County , come to our firm .
Contact us today through email or call us today .
Rebecca Wilder | March 13 , 2010 4:00 pm
To be sure , the U.S. government deficit is shocking ; but it ’s not anymore shocking than the recession through which we have all lived .
Tax receipts plummeted ( see the second chart from this post ) and spending on cyclical social programs ( like unemployment benefits ) is surging .
This adds up to an exponentially rising budget deficit , and thus an increasing debt burden .
The resulting hysteria leads to headlines like that from Reuters on March 11 , 2010 : “ Fed ’s Dudley : Waiting to fix fiscal problems risky ” .
Be very careful when reading these articles , as the title implies that William Dudley , president of the New York Federal Reserve Bank , is advocating “ fixing fiscal problems ” right now – cutting spending and / or raising taxes now – while that is not the case at all .
According to Reuters , Dudley says :
The issue , Dudley said , is not fiscal stimulus , which he noted had been necessary in the United States to stabilize the economy , even though it drove up the deficit .
That spending is temporary , he added .
The bigger long - term problem for the United States and other advanced economies is structural deficits — those likely to persist absent changes in tax and spending policies .
A link to Dudley ’s speech .
He does refer to structural deficits that may result from recent countercyclical policy .
However , these long - term structural deficits have essentially nothing to do with the current downturn , in my view .
In fact the effects of the current deficits are simply a speed bump on the road to structural indebtedness .
Just look at the CBO ’s extended - baseline projection for the long - term budget published in June 2009 .
This above scenario projects the spending share on social security , Medicare and Medicaid , and Other Federal Noninterest Spending through the medium and long term under current law .
Notice the blip that is 2009 and 2010 ?
What is key to this outlook is the assumption on economic growth and productivity trends ( among others , of course ! ) .
GDP is assumed to grow an average 2.2 % per year .
I did n’t delve into this full report and conduct a full alternative scenario test .
But it is pretty clear that GDP growth of anything less than 2.2 % ( on average ) – holding all else equal , of course – would have a deleterious impact on the outlook for government financing .
Japan provides a perfect case study of what not to do when the economy is recovering from a financial crisis : raise taxes too soon .
You do that , and the probability of a “ lost decade ” rises quickly .
You suffer a lost decade , and the outlook on the structural budget looks a lot worse than that illustrated above .
Marshall Auerback has argued time and time again that the government should run deficits until private saving adjusts so that the economy can stand on its own two feet , i.e. , grow .
As long as the currency floats and is fully non-convertible , the government ’s debt burden will not become a solvency issue .
Hence , his interview titled fighting deficit hysteria .
I would say , rather , that the deficit hysteria is appropriate , but very much misallocated intertemporally toward the short - term outlook .
Part II coming to a post near you !
This article is crossposted with News N Economics
DETROIT — The Transportation Department said Monday it would seek a $ 16.4 million fine against Toyota , the largest allowed , because the company had failed to promptly notify the government about potential problems with accelerator pedals .
The fine , which Toyota has two weeks to contest , would be the largest civil penalty assessed by the government against a car company .
In taking the step , federal authorities are sending the strongest signal yet that they believe the carmaker deliberately concealed safety information from them .
“ We now have proof that Toyota failed to live up to its legal obligations , ” Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement .
“ Worse yet , they knowingly hid a dangerous defect for months from U.S. officials and did not take action to protect millions of drivers and their families . ”
Mr. LaHood said documents obtained by the department showed Toyota had known of the potential pedal defect since at least last Sept. 29 , when it issued repair procedures in 31 European countries and Canada to address complaints that accelerator pedals could stick and cause sudden , unintended acceleration .
The United States says Al Qaeda 's interest in obtaining nuclear weapons is still strong , and the risk of nuclear terrorism is serious and growing .
Ahead of a 47 - nation nuclear security summit in Washington , American officials say they believe they have so far thwarted Osama bin Laden 's group 's efforts to build an improvised nuclear explosive device .
But they will not disclose whether new intelligence existed on Al Qaeda 's most recent efforts to build an atomic bomb or whether it had made progress in exploiting unsecured nuclear material .
" Al Qaeda has been engaged in the effort to acquire a nuclear weapon for over 15 years , and its interest remains strong today , " said John Brennan , US president Barack Obama 's top anti-terrorism and homeland security adviser .
Mr Brennan says he has " no indication that Al Qaeda has a nuclear weapons capability , " and adds that he is " determined " that the group never get such a capability .
" The threat of nuclear terrorism is real ; it is serious ; it is growing , " he said .
Representatives from 47 countries are attending the two - day summit on nuclear security , which will try to come up with an agreement on how to keep nuclear material out of the hands of terrorists .
Speaking at the start of the summit , United Nations secretary - general Ban Ki-moon expressed his support for the meeting 's aims .
" Nuclear terrorism is one of the greatest threats we face today , " he said .
" That is why I repeatedly urged the conference on disarmament to immediately start negotiations on a treaty banning the production of fissile materials for nuclear weapons and other explosive devices . "
- AFP/BBC
Mr Godsiff defended the tactic , saying his opponents were not being honest A Labour candidate is embroiled in a row with the Liberal Democrats after suggesting they would give convicted murderers and paedophiles the vote .
Roger Godsiff , who is standing in Birmingham Hall Green , issued leaflets showing nursery worker Vanessa George , who was jailed for abusing children .
He defended the move , saying his opponents were evading scrutiny , but Labour have now scrapped the leaflet .
The Lib Dems said they would not give those currently in prison the vote .
However , they stressed the issue needed to be looked at following a 2005 ruling by the European Court of Rights that found the UK's ban on extending the vote to convicted prisoners was unlawful Ministers have been consulting on how to respond to the ruling since then with critics accusing them of kicking the issue into the long grass .
High - profile cases Leaflets distributed under Mr Godsiff 's name asked : " Do you want convicted murderers , rapists and paedophiles to be given the vote ?
The Lib Dems do " .
The leaflets contained pictures of a number of high - profile criminals including Vanessa George and Steven Wright , convicted in 2008 for the murder of five women in the Ipswich area .
As soon as it came to my attention I immediately ensured that no more of these would be distributed
Ray Collins , general secretary of the Labour Party Mr Godsiff defended the campaign tactic , saying the Lib Dems ' policy on the issue was " black and white " but they were not making that clear to voters .
" I agree that the imagery is strong but I do not accept that it is any stronger than anything that has been put out by my opponents , " Mr Godsiff told the BBC .
" The leaflet has been distributed in certain areas but it does not contain anything that is factually incorrect .
I have put out some negative campaigning when my opponents do not tell the electorate what their position is .
" It is right and proper to ask whether they support or do not support whether people convicted of serious crimes can vote .
I have invited other candidates to make their position clear .... I have made my position clear . "
' Legal minefield '
Asked whether he had personally sanctioned the leaflets , he said he would not discuss the " mechanics " of his campaign but accused the Lib Dems of lying about his policies and voting record .
However , Labour have acted to defuse the row , saying the leaflet was not approved at a national level .
" This was a locally produced leaflet , " Ray Collins , the party 's general secretary , said .
" As soon as it came to my attention I immediately ensured that no more of these would be distributed . "
The Lib Dems said they were " unhappy " with the claims and did not favour any attempt to give already convicted prisoners the vote , describing such a step as a " legal minefield " .
But , in future , they said judges should be given discretion to decide , upon sentencing , whether to strip someone of the vote , depending on the length of sentence and the nature of the crime .
Once a new system was in place , they said existing prisoners should be given the right to launch an appeal to try and secure the vote .
However , they insisted that those guilty of the most serious crime should never be able to do this .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Ash hitting a jet engine causes sand particles to melt and molten glass to form on turbine blades , stopping it dead , a BBC test has revealed .
Bang Goes
The Theory presenter and scientist Jem Stansfield showed how a jet engine needs fresh air flowing through it to create thrust .
He said volcanic ash particles could bring turbine blades to a standstill , and there is only one way to get the blades moving again - turn the engine off .
Learn more from Bang Goes The Theory or watch the programme on iPlayer .
READ MORE ON THE ASH CLOUD :
Aberystwyth University
Earlier this week , we told you about a robot that could be controlled by human thought alone .
Now comes news of a bot that does n't need to bother with any human thought at all , thank you very much .
It 's a " robot scientist " that researchers believe to be the first machine to independently come up with new scientific findings .
Aptly , the bot is named Adam .
While we 've become accustomed to robots built to repeat a given task many times over , scientists at Aberystwyth University in Wales and the U.K's University of Cambridge designed Adam to take a more human approach to scientific inquiry .
And while it may not win the Nobel Prize for physics just yet , Adam appears to be doing impressively well for a young scientist , carrying out scientific research automatically , without the need for further human intervention .
As reported in the latest issue of the journal Science , Adam autonomously hypothesized that certain genes in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae code for enzymes that catalyze some of the microorganism 's biochemical reactions .
The yeast is noteworthy , as scientists use it to model more complex life systems .
Adam then devised experiments to test its prediction , ran the experiments using laboratory robotics , interpreted the results , and used those findings to revise its original hypothesis and test it out further .
The researchers used their own separate experiments to confirm that Adam 's hypotheses were both novel and correct -- all the while probably wondering how soon they 'd become obsolete .
" This is one of the first systems to get ( artificial intelligence ) to try and control laboratory automation , " Ross King , a professor of computer science who led the research at Aberystwyth University , told Live Science .
Current robots , he noted , " tend to do one thing or a sequence of things .
The complexity of Adam is that it has cycles . "
Adam is a still a prototype , but King 's team -- which is funded by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council -- says they believe their next robot , Eve ( do n't leave those two in the lab alone together ) holds promise for scientists searching for new drugs to combat diseases such as malaria and schistosomiasis , an infection caused by a type of parasitic worm in the tropics .
" Ultimately , " King said , " we hope to have teams of human and robot scientists working together in laboratories . "
This is the first entry in Corbyn Hightower 's continuing diary of how her family of five is surviving the Great Recession .
It 's our last day with a car .
The recession forced our hand , and though we 've been talking about it for months , it still feels shocking and disorienting having the time come upon us .
We 've had a tough two years .
I was a sales rep in an industry that took a huge hit that fairly quickly reduced my income by about ninety percent .
A few months later I was downsized altogether .
In the interim , my husband Larry took a low - paying retail job after having been a stay - at - home dad for three years .
Sheepishly , I admit to lingering vestiges of better times .
We have a beautiful washer and dryer .
There 's a fancy elliptical machine in my office , which is the only piece of equipment that gets any use in there .
My laptop has been clicked shut and slid into its case ever since the Internet service got turned off .
The fax is silent due to a lack of an incoming phone line .
I am typing this on my iPhone , a fact which makes me blush furiously , but is the one thing I think I 'll keep .
We were never good with money , my husband and I .
Before we met and after we combined forces , too .
Still , times were so abundant for several years there that we did manage to save a fair amount of dough in addition to obtaining some trappings of a more abundant lifestyle .
I look back now , and I feel grateful for not having bought a house .
We already feel like the poster children for the recession ; a foreclosure sign in our front yard would have put the final rubber stamp of cliché on our tale .
The money we saved cushioned us enough to pay the difference between our cost - of - living and our new poverty - level income .
Meanwhile , we began sifting through anything we could sell on eBay .
We had the big - daddy of all garage sales .
It took us a couple months to accept that the following non-essentials had to go : spring water bottle delivery , gym membership , health insurance , purchasing books , our CSA box , cable TV , and Internet connectivity .
Oddly , the day the wifi and cable TV were shut off felt like a liberation .
No more of my husband playing Castle Age while eating dinner on his lap while I played Mafia Wars or Farmville in my office and ate solo as well .
Where were the kids during that time ?
In the living room , using the coffee table as a dinner table and watching Sponge Bob .
Now , we eat together every night .
Things the recession taught me : keeping your thermostat at 63 degrees in the winter and at 85 in the summer is uncomfortable but not fatal .
Lesson two ?
You are not using your library enough .
Do you know you can take out as many books as you want ?
And that they have free storytimes and craft lessons for kids ?
And that you can check out DVDs ?
Thankfully , my community has well - funded , thriving libraries .
And parks .
Parks are free .
Another lesson : you can eat cheaply without resorting to Top Ramen .
You do n't * need * meat .
Beans and grains will take you far .
Another lesson : foodstamps are like a god descending from a cloud and telling you it 's going to be all right .
Which brings me to The Recession Diet .
I 've lost thirty pounds this way !
The secret ?
Not having enough to eat .
Or , rather , not being willing to buy the high - calorie cheap kind of food that would keep us fat and calm , bellies full and minds softly - starved and docile .
I always raised my kids to say " poison ! " when we pass the Golden Arches .
They know we do n't eat strawberries until sunny spring days .
We have always gardened and supported our local CSA .
In better times , we bought raw milk from an organic farm .
We live , as I mentioned , on beans and grains , along with in - season vegetables and fruit .
Thankfully , we have room for a decent vegetable garden ( foodstamps pay for seeds , ) and we have a street that 's almost pornographic in its abundant fruit trees .
Our orange tree has been so productive that its branches dip , groaning , to the ground .
Our giant apple tree will grant us her gifts late this summer , and the pear tree shortly thereafter .
We have an unofficial trading club with neighbors , some of whom have apricots , lemons , peaches , plums , blackberries , and cherries .
The fact that we live in the fertile and temperate land of Northern California central valley is an incredible gift during these lean times .
Another recession lesson ?
Almost all durable goods can be gotten at thrift stores .
Not Goodwill .
Goodwill is waayy too expensive .
The month has finally arrived where we cannot pay the rent .
We 've long - since downgraded from a pristine rental with an elegant balcony and professionally - landscaped yard in a desireable suburb to a rickety , rambling old house in downtown , a stone 's throw from the train tracks and the homeless shelter .
Even so , with our savings gone and having reduced our expenses to near - zero , we still can't cover our nut .
We need to infuse our bank account with a chunk of cash , preferably enough to make up for the difference between our income and out - go until our two younger children could enroll in public school , at which point I would be able to take a job–any job .
Finally , there is the car .
We 've been holding onto our car for practical and emotional reasons .
Our pristine silver Honda SUV has been a vestige of another life .
Even as everything is falling down around us , we still have our car .
It struck the right tone with us–a handsome compromise between luxurious and sensible .
It felt comforting driving my children around in it , as it had enough airbags to allow it to moonlight as a bouncy - house .
The smell of the leather seats , the sturdy low - toned " chink " the doors made when they shut , the seat warmers on cold winter mornings .
And it 's PAID OFF .
Several years old , but paid for .
One small and tasteful liberal bumpersticker and a hula girl stuck to the dash with poster putty , but otherwise impeccably maintained and in wonderful shape .
We thought we'd own this car until we " ran it into the ground . "
It was the first new car I had ever bought , and I allowed myself that pride of ownership .
Never until time for resale have I ever so appreciated the fact that it 's a Honda , a brand that holds its value better than almost any other .
The new neighborhood allowed us to even consider this an option .
We moved away from a suburban , planned community landlocked by busy highways .
We could walk and walk for the pleasure and exercise of it through the residential streets , but walking or biking outside the perimeter was foolhardy and probably dangerous .
The first week we lived there , I had saddled up my younger two in the double - stroller and headed out to the post office on foot .
Cars blasted by us at sixty miles an hour as I pushed the kids through the weeds and high grasses on the shoulder - less thoroughfare .
The Hightower family goes birthday shopping without a car .
Now , though , we live in as densely - commercial as you can get while still being considered suburban .
We mapped it all out , and truly , everything we need is within four miles .
And yes , climate helps .
We discussed it seriously for a few weeks , and then just like that , we 'd written our craigslist ad and put signs on our car windows .
After a panicky few days where we worried if it would sell at all we finally got a serious offer from a young family .
Tonight , they hand us a cashier 's check and drive off in our last asset , so that we may keep our family afloat .
I am sad , and yes I am a little jealous of this handsome couple that have weathered these tough years better than we have .
They will enjoy the spoils of my success .
They 'll slide over the leather seats , crank the music , open the sunroof , drive down a road to adventures .
We briefly considered replacing our '06 Honda with a low - priced , older car .
That thought depressed us .
We 'd still have the expenses of gas and insurance , plus the added unknown of maintenance and repairs .
Then there was the morale - killer of letting go of our glittering silver chariot and replacing it with something like a dented Dodge Neon with over a hundred thousand miles .
I was half - joking when I suggested dumping the car - ownership idea altogether and instead spend some money on good , reliable bikes , trailers to tow cargo and kids , good locks and helmets and weather gear .
The joke gained seriousness when we reasoned that it might actually work .
It might feel good .
It might feel like the right thing to do .
So , where do you go , here in the suburbs , with three kids … on the last day with a car ?
Turns out , we 're not going to go anywhere .
There is n't anything we need .
And we have already begun to let go .
Credit : In Her Image Photography
Read Part II here .
And stay tuned for further installments on how Corbyn 's family is surviving the Great Recession ...
Some commentators are associating the Oklahoma City bombings of 15 years ago and other far right violence with the rise of “ anti- government ” sentiment in opposition to the Obama health care bill and other recent expansions of federal spending and regulation .
Former President Clinton ’s recent New York Times op ed is a good example of this genre :
We should never forget what drove the bombers , and how they justified their actions to themselves .
They took to the ultimate extreme an idea advocated in the months and years before the bombing by an increasingly vocal minority : the belief that the greatest threat to American freedom is our government , and that public servants do not protect our freedoms , but abuse them .
On that April 19 , the second anniversary of the assault of the Branch Davidian compound near Waco , deeply alienated and disconnected Americans decided murder was a blow for liberty .
Byron York catalogues several other examples of similar rhetoric .
From such statements , you might think that Timothy McVeigh and friends were libertarian foes of big government who hoped that their terrorist attacks would somehow lead to tighter constraints on government power .
Nothing , however , could be further from the truth .
In reality , McVeigh was a neo -Nazi and his attack was inspired by the Turner Diaries , a 1978 tract that advocated the use of terrorism to overthrow the US and establish a government explicitly based on Nazi Germany .
If you suffer through the experience of actually reading The Turner Diaries , as I did , you will find that author William Pierce did not support anything remotely resembling limited government ; indeed , he explicitly repudiated limited government conservatism inthe book .
Rather , Pierce promotes the establishment of a totalitarian state modeled on Hitler ’s ( the book refers to Hitler as “ the Great One ” ) .
There is absolutely no evidence that McVeigh ’s attack or Pierce ’s book were motivated by concerns about “ American freedom ” understood in a libertarian or conservative sense or that they sought to strike “ a blow for liberty . ”
Rather , they were motivated by a desire to suppress Jews and non-whites and establish a Nazi - like “ Aryan ” state .
Likewise , the original German Nazis also supported unconstrained government power , including in the economic realm .
They were n’t the National Socialist Party for nothing .
If you study other instances of extremist right - wing violence in modern American history , most of it looks similar to McVeigh ’s in the sense that it is motivated by racist , anti-Semitic , or authoritarian sentiments rather than a desire to limit the power of government .
Think of the Ku Klux Klan ( may of whom were economic populists , and favored a massive government role in enforcing segregation ) or violence by various Neo - Nazi groups that , like McVeigh and Pierce , look to Nazi Germany as a model .
The longtime Neo -Nazi activist who attacked the Holocaust Museum last year is a recent example of the latter .
These people are “ anti- government ” only in the sense that they hate and fear the present government ; by that definition communists are “ anti- government ” too .
They have no general desire to constrain government power or to limit government control of the economy .
By contrast , the Tea Party movement that many seek to conflate with McVeigh is primarily motivated by wholly different concerns .
As a recent New York Times survey concluded , “ When talking about the Tea Party movement , the largest number of respondents [ who were supporters of the movement ] said that the movement ’s goal should be reducing the size of government . ”
This is not to say that it is completely impossible for genuinely anti-government libertarians or conservatives to engage in terrorist violence .
The fact that such incidents have been vanishingly rare so far does not mean that they can’t happen .
Nasty , potentially violent people can be found in almost any political movement .
I do n’t endorse the all too common assumption that depraved people are only found among our ideological opponents , whereas “ our ” side is morally pure .
It ’s also true that statist racists and neo -Nazis have obvious reasons to hate Obama and that they might therefore try to latch on to movements that oppose the administration for wholly different reasons .
That does not , however , make the latter racists or neo -Nazis themselves .
Similarly , genuine communist totalitarians such as Fidel Castro ( who called Obamacare “ a miracle ” ) might endorse Obama ’s health care plan as a step in the right direction .
That does not mean that Obama himself is a communist .
The bottom line is that Clinton and others have drawn an unwarranted connection between “ anti- government ” movements that seek to limit government spending and regulation and a very different set of groups that have no real objection to big government as such .
Instead , they seek to use massive state power to enforce racism , anti-Semitism , and neo -Nazi totalitarianism .
No one should confuse that with a genuine anti-government ideology motivated by concerns about the fate of “ American freedom . ”
UPDATE :
The point made in this post also undercuts claims that libertarian anti-government rhetoric somehow inspired McVeigh - like violence even if the libertarians do n’t intend such a result .
Clearly , the violence was actually inspired by neo - Nazi ideology that is very far removed from libertarianism ( or even limited government conservatism ) .
UPDATE # 2 : In writing the initial post , I did not take sufficient account of McVeigh ’s statements written while he was in prison .
In this April 2001 letter to Fox News , McVeigh describes his motive for the attack as “ retaliation ” for the federal government ’s “ increasingly militaristic and violent ” actions , including the 1993 Waco incident .
This is not inconsistent with the neo -Nazi ideology of the Turner Diaries , since most of the actions in question seem to have been against far right groups .
Still , it could be interpreted in a more libertarian “ anti- government ” sense as well .
The letter also includes attacks on US foreign policy similar to those made by various groups on the far right and far left .
McVeigh ’s wikipedia entry claims that he described himself as a “ libertarian ” while he was in prison and voted for Libertarian Party presidential candidate Harry Browne in 1996 , citing various news reports .
However , extensive research in the Lexis - Nexis and Westlaw newspaper data bases finds no corroboration for this wikipedia claim , except for a 2001 Washington Post article ( not available online , as far as I can tell ) that quotes McVeigh as saying he was a libertarian in the context of expressing his position on vegetarianism .
There is no corroboration for his supposedly having voted for Browne .
On balance , I see no reason to alter my bottom line conclusion on McVeigh .
When you look at the evidence that emerged from the time of the attack itself , it is clear that The Turner Diaries was the principal inspiration .
I suspect that in later years , McVeigh sought to characterize his motives in ways that would be more likely to win a measure of mainstream sympathy and perhaps help him avoid the death penalty .
Still , this additional evidence is relevant and I thought I should point it out .
UPDATE # 3 : Some commenters and people who have e-mailed note possible pre-attack statements by McVeigh that point in an anti-government direction .
In my view , these either 1 ) predate his reading of the Turner Diaries , or 2 ) are compatible with hating the existing US government without opposing big government generally ( the view held by Pierce and other neo - Nazis ) .
I also think it ’s very clear that The Turner Diaries was the book that actually precipitated his attack , even if he hated various aspects of US government policy previously .
I do have to acknowledge , however , that McVeigh ’s thought turns out to be more complex and multifaceted than I initially thought , and it ’s arguable that his position was a hodgepodge of different views hostile to the US government , some of them inspired by neo -Nazism , but others much less so .
Admiral Ackbar toilet
By bmansnuggles Watch
56 Favourites 21 Comments 29 K Views
heres my design for the worlds greatest toilet .
its the ADMIRAL ACKBAR : ITS A CRAP TOILET !
BEST RESPONSE FROM THE INTERNET : " Megaman hoodie designer Brendon Phillips , has clearly lost his mind . "
RECENTLY FEATURED ON
" Attack of the Show " on the G4 network ... thats right , playmate of the year Sarah Underwood called me a genius on national television lol .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 576x432px 96.75 KB
Show More
Published : Apr 22 , 2010
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi told her members Friday to brace themselves for a climatic health care vote as early as next week , warning them to clear their schedules for next weekend and promising to stay in session until the landmark vote , people present said afterwards .
President Barack Obama has postponed an overseas trip until March 21 presumably so he can be in Washington for the climactic vote .
Asked about the scheduling change , Speaker Nancy Pelosi said , " I am delighted the president will be here for the passage of the bill .
It is going to be historic . "
In addition , it looks like House Democrats wo n't have to vote directly on a Senate bill they really do n't like .
The speaker has n't made a final decision , but she told her rank - and - file during the meeting that the plan now is to craft a rule that would " deem " the Senate bill passed once they approve the package of fixes .
That means they would vote on the rule and the so - called reconciliation package , which would make changes to the Senate bill and only requires 51 votes to pass in the Upper Chamber .
In addition , the package of changes would also include a student lending bill that was paired with health care through the reconciliation process , leaders told their members on Friday .
All of this could change if the speaker faces major resistance from her rank - and - file , but it would mean Democrats wo n't be forced to cast a vote specifically in favor of the Senate bill , which included a series of controversial deals .
During the meeting , party leaders reassured lawmakers that two of the most controversial deals -- the so - called Cornhusker Kickback and more Medicare Advantage money for Florida -- would be stripped out .
But it appeared that additional Medicaid money for Louisiana and a $ 100 million hospital grant program requested by Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) will both stay in the final bill .
Pelosi reminded her members , as she frequently does , that she wants to make the whole process as quick and politically painless as possible , a person present said .
Otherwise , Democrats are n't expected to allow amendments on the final package , leaders told their colleagues Friday , as is typical on down - to - the - wire votes .
Once the bill is passed , the Senate bill will go to the president for his signature , and the Senate will take up the package of changes , the speaker told her members on Friday .
That lag has caused significant heartburn among House Democrats who are worried the changes will get stuck in the Senate .
Party leaders did n't unveil specific dollar figures for the final bill , but they told members to expect more information , possibly over the weekend .
Members and staff do n't think Pelosi has the votes at this point , but most believe she 's close .
comments closed
permalink
" Do you realize , " CNN 's Susan Roesgen asked a man at the April 15 , 2009 , tea party in Chicago , " that you 're eligible for a $ 400 credit ? "
When the man refused to drop his " drop socialism " sign , she went on , " Did you know that the state of Lincoln gets 50 billion out of the stimulus ? "
Roesgen is no longer with CNN , and CNN has only about half as many viewers as it did last year .
But her questions are revealing .
They help us understand that the issue on which our politics has become centered -- the Obama Democrats ' vast expansion of the size and scope of government -- is really not just about economics .
It is really a battle about culture , a battle between the culture of dependence and the culture of independence .
Probably unknowingly , Roesgen was reflecting the mid-century sociologist Paul Lazarsfeld 's dictum that politics is about who gets how much when .
If some guy is getting $ 400 , should n't he just shut up and collect the money ?
Should n't he be happy that his state government , headed recently by Rod Blagojevich , was getting an extra $ 50 billion ?
Sign up : Free daily newsletter Sign up !
But public policy also helps determine the kind of society we are .
The Obama Democrats see a society in which ordinary people cannot fend for themselves , where they need to have their incomes supplemented , their health care insurance regulated and guaranteed , their relationships with their employers governed by union leaders .
Highly educated mandarins can make better decisions for them than they can make themselves .
That is the culture of dependence .
The tea partiers see things differently .
They 're not looking for lower taxes -- half of tea party supporters , a New York Times survey found , think their taxes are fair .
Nor are they financially secure -- half say someone in their household may lose their job in the next year .
Two - thirds say the recession has caused some hardship in their lives .
But they recognize , correctly , that the Obama Democrats are trying to permanently enlarge government and increase citizens ' dependence on it .
And , invoking the language of the Founding Fathers , they believe that this will destroy the culture of independence which has enabled Americans over the past two centuries to make this the most productive and prosperous -- and the most charitably generous -- nation in the world .
Seeing our political divisions as a battle between the culture of dependence and the culture of independence helps to make sense of the divisions seen in the 2008 election .
Barack Obama carried voters with incomes under $ 50,000 and those with incomes over $ 200,000 , and lost those with incomes in between .
He won large margins from those who never graduated from high school and from those with graduate school degrees , and barely exceeded 50 percent among those in between .
The top-and - bottom Obama coalition was in effect a coalition of those dependent on government transfers and benefits and those in what David Brooks calls " the educated class , " who administer or believe that their kind of people administer those transactions .
They are the natural constituency for the culture of dependence .
Interestingly , in the Massachusetts special Senate election , the purported beneficiaries of the culture of dependence -- low - income and low - education voters -- did not turn out in large numbers .
In contrast , the administrators of that culture -- affluent secular professionals , public employees , university personnel -- were the one group that turned out in force and voted for the hapless Democratic candidate .
The in - between people on the income and education ladders , it turns out , are a constituency for the culture of independence .
Smart conservatives like David Frum , Ross Douthat and Reihan Salam argued in 2009 books that modest - income conservative voters have had stagnant incomes over the last decade and that Republicans should offer them compensatory tax breaks .
That seemed to make sense in the wake of the 2008 election .
But it 's been undercut by developments since .
As Susan Roesgen discovered , tea party supporters are not in the mood to be bought off with $ 400 tax credits .
They have a longer time horizon and can see where the Obama Democrats are trying to take us .
Paul Lazarsfeld saw politics as just a matter of dollars and cents .
The tea party movement reminds us of what the Founders taught -- that it has a moral dimension , as well .
They risked all in the cause of the culture of independence .
The polling evidence suggests that most Americans do n't want to leave that behind .
Michael Barone is senior political analyst for The Washington Examiner .
COPYRIGHT 2010 THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER
See Other Political Commentaries
S ee Other Commentaries by Michael Barone
V iews expressed in this column are those of the author , not those of Rasmussen Reports .
FOR a while , things seemed to be going so well .
Crime has been falling for two decades .
Race relations have improved .
The weather is as fine as ever and the traffic no worse — in fact , there were even plans for expanding public transport that counted as bold in this culture of sprawl and cars .
Eli Broad , the city 's leading philanthropist , considers it “ one of the four cultural capitals of the world ” ( along with New York , London and Paris ) and talks boldly of attracting as many “ cultural visitors ” as the other three to its museums and theatres .
Antonio Villaraigosa , the city 's mayor ( and the first Hispanic one since the 19th century ) , tells visitors that this is the only big city in America where “ people do n't care who your father is ” ( Mr Villaraigosa says he has seen his own father , at most , 25 times in his life ) .
LA is , to him , a pure meritocracy and “ the capital of the Pacific Rim ” .
All of this is true , but hardly helpful now that the city faces a more banal problem : not enough money .
Revenues have been falling , and the city is confronting a budget deficit of at least $ 212 m in the current fiscal year , which ends in June , and of $ 484 m in the next fiscal year , according to estimates by Wendy Greuel , the city 's chief accountant .
This week , after the city 's power and water utility refused to transfer some money to the city 's general fund , Ms Greuel projected that the fund , the city 's main account , will be overdrawn by May 5th .
She would have to tap a reserve to keep paying employees and suppliers .
In part , Los Angeles shares the pain of many large American cities during this recession , which has depressed sales taxes and other local revenues .
But Los Angeles has the added problem of being in California , which has been suffering the biggest budget crisis and one of the worst housing busts among the 50 states , and which occasionally raids local funds .
And California 's voters have , in ballot measures over the decades , made all money matters more complicated than necessary .
The notorious Proposition 13 of 1978 cut and capped property taxes , still the biggest source of city revenue .
A lagging indicator of housing prices , they have been roughly flat this year but are expected to fall next year , according to Ms Greuel 's estimates .
Proposition 218 of 1996 requires explicit voter approval to raise most other city fees and revenues .
Cutting spending is hardly easier in Los Angeles , which has — like many western cities but unlike the biggest eastern ones — a weak mayor who shares power with a cantankerous city council .
Mr Villaraigosa must present a budget proposal to the council this month .
He wants to eliminate 4,000 of the city 's 48,500 jobs , cutting pay and getting rid of entire departments , such as personnel .
On April 6th he proposed shutting most city agencies for two days a week .
He is in for a fight .
Any budget solution , moreover , could jeopardise some of LA 's hard - won successes .
The biggest part of the budget , for example , goes to the police , with about 10,000 officers deployed at the moment .
“ The last place we cut is public safety , ” says Mr Villaraigosa .
But Charlie Beck , the police chief , is already not paying for overtime and is struggling just to replace the officers who retire each year .
He expects the city council to stop him hiring next year .
A recent spate of killings , meanwhile , is a reminder that crime could increase again in this city of gangs .
“ All the remedies have remained untouched till now , ” says Mr Beck , referring to his cops on the streets .
Los Angeles touches them at its peril .
When the green roof opens at City Hall next month , it will be a historic occasion : the first time the podium between the two towers has been open to the public in 30 years .
But the green roof is significant for another reason .
It will mark the first completed step in a multi-million - dollar makeover of Nathan Phillips Square .
Friday the city is announcing the remaining $ 40 million in upgrades that will make the aging mid-’60s square , at the northwest corner of Queen and Bay Sts. , a more inviting meeting place .
Within weeks , the western side will be partitioned off so the existing skating pavilion - concession stand can be demolished and replaced by a new two - storey restaurant , a permanent stage , the new Peace Garden and a new skating pavilion , much of which should be complete by mid-2011 .
The remaining phases will include demolishing the existing Peace Garden and building a new fountain near the middle of the square , adding an information and tourist kiosk on Queen St. , upgrading lighting and landscaping , and creating new elevated walkways that will connect to the second storey of the kiosk , restaurant and pavilion .
In the garage beneath , work on a path that will link a new bike storage facility — with 60 lockers and racks with 382 spaces — to Sheraton Place to the south has already begun .
About $ 19 million of the total $ 42.7 million pricetag will be used to repair structural elements such as walkways or the load - bearing concrete pillars underneath the square .
About $ 3 million will be spent on upgrading compressors that freeze the artificial ice in the rink , an improvement that means it will stay open longer each winter .
The city set most of the maintenance money aside when the project was first proposed in 2005 .
At the time , council suggested that the remaining money could come from corporate sponsorships , said the city ’s chief corporate officer , Bruce Bowes , but the city ’s partnership department found otherwise and the funds are now coming out of the city ’s capital budget .
The 120,000 - square - foot green roof opens officially May 29 as part of Doors Open , but will be permanently open to the public after that .
Bowes expects it will operate just like any other city park .
The redesign will be complete in 2012 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
Gizmodo.com / Screenshot by CNET
Editor 's note : Click here for a more current story on the lost iPhone prototype investigation .
Police have seized computers and servers belonging to an editor of Gizmodo in an investigation that appears to stem from the gadget blog 's purchase of a lost Apple iPhone prototype .
Deputies from the San Mateo County Sheriff 's office obtained a warrant on Friday and searched Jason Chen 's Fremont , Calif. , home later that evening , Gizmodo acknowledged on Monday .
In an article on Friday , CNET was the first to report on the criminal investigation into the circumstances surrounding the iPhone prototype and Gizmodo 's acquisition of it , including that Apple had contacted local police .
A San Mateo County judge signed the search warrant , which said a felony crime was being investigated , a few hours later .
" When I got home , I noticed the garage door was half - open , " according to an account by Chen .
" And when I tried to open it , officers came out and said they had a warrant to search my house and any vehicles on the property ' in my control . '
They then made me place my hands behind my head and searched me to make sure I had no weapons or sharp objects on me . "
Lucy Dalglish , executive director of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press told CNET on Monday : " This is such an incredibly clear violation of state and federal law it takes my breath away .
The only thing left for the authorities to do is return everything immediately and issue one of hell of an apology . "
Dalglish said that the San Mateo County search warrant violated the federal Privacy Protection Act , which broadly immunizes news organizations from searches -- unless , in some cases , the journalists themselves committed the crime .
The 1980 federal law requires police to use subpoenas to obtain information instead of search warrants , she said .
Editors at Gizmodo , part of Gawker Media 's blog network , last week said they paid $ 5,000 for what they believed to be a prototype of a future iPhone 4G .
The story said the phone was accidentally left at a bar in Redwood City , Calif. , last month by an Apple software engineer and found by someone who contacted Gizmodo , which had previously indicated that it was willing to pay significant sums for unreleased Apple products .
CNET has not been able to confirm whether the investigation is targeting Gizmodo , the source who reportedly found the iPhone in a bar , or both .
Apple has acknowledged that the lost device is its property .
Calls to law enforcement sources on Monday were not immediately returned .
Gizmodo said on Monday :
Last Friday night , California 's Rapid Enforcement Allied Computer
Team entered editor Jason
Chen 's home without him present , seizing four computers and two servers .
They did so using a warrant by Judge of Superior Court of San Mateo .
According to Gaby Darbyshire , COO of Gawker Media LLC , the search warrant to remove these computers was invalid under section 1524 ( g ) of the California Penal Code .
Darbyshire was referring to the portion of California law that prevents judges from signing warrants that target writers for newspapers , magazines , or " other periodical publications . "
In 2006 , a California appeals court ruled that the definition of " periodical publication " protects Web logs .
" We can think of no reason to doubt that the operator of a public Web site is a ' publisher ' for purposes of this language ... News - oriented Web sites ... are surely ' like ' a newspaper or magazine for these purposes , " the court concluded .
The federal newsroom search law known as the Privacy Protection Act is broader .
It says that even journalists suspected of committing a crime are immune from searches -- if , that is , the crime they 're suspected of committing relates to the " receipt " or " possession " of illegal materials .
( Two exceptions to this are national security and child pornography . )
The police hauled away three Apple laptops , a Samsung digital camera , a Seagate 500 GB external hard drive , USB flash drives , a HP MediaSmart server , a 32 GB Apple iPad , an 16GB iPhone , and an IBM ThinkPad , according to documents that Gizmodo posted .
The tale of a lost iPhone may sound trivial , but Apple goes to great lengths to protect the secrecy of its products , and the company has not been afraid to take aggressive legal measures in the past .
It filed a lawsuit against a Mac enthusiast Web site , for example , to unearth information about a leak .
A state appeals court ruled in favor of the Web site .
Apple argued in that case that information published about unreleased products causes it significant harm .
" If these trade secrets are revealed , competitors can anticipate and counter Apple 's business strategy , and Apple loses control over the timing and publicity for its product launches , " Apple wrote in a brief .
Under a California law dating back to 1872 , any person who finds lost property and knows who the owner is likely to be but " appropriates such property to his own use " is guilty of theft .
If the value of the property exceeds $ 400 , more serious charges of grand theft can be filed .
In addition , a second state law says any person who knowingly receives property that has been obtained illegally can be imprisoned for up to one year .
Last updated at 3:45 p.m. PDT : To include comment from Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press and background on California newsroom search law and the federal newsroom search law .
Greg Sandoval , who writes about digital media for CNET , can be reached at Greg.Sandoval@cbs.com .
Declan McCullagh writes about the intersection between law and technology for CNET and can be reached at Declan.McCullagh@cbs.com .
UPDATE : A much smaller body appears to have preceded the currently observed impactor by about ten hours and may have triggered the coronal mass ejection seen in the original movie at the bottom of our article below .
The first object is visible plunging towards the sun along the same trajectory as the current impacter in this much longer time scale movie viewable here .
A large object is now highly visible through various solar observing instruments and will likely crash into the sun within the next few hours .
The body is currently assumed to be a Kruetz Sungrazer comet .
The object first appeared on instruments only a few hours ago and is rapidly descending towards the sun .
The object ’s dramatic increase in apparent size in the animation below is likely due to massive gas emissions caused by surface boiling and sublimation as the body , presumably an icy comet , nears the sun .
The second large object in motion to the right of the sun is the planet Mercury .
The solar impacter ’s apparent size in earth - based images is already as large as Mercury ’s , but this is probably an effect of the rapidly billowing gas envelop surrounding its cometary nucleus .
The coma of large comets can swell to sizes larger than Jupiter and can even rival the sun ’s diameter , although their masses remain comparatively infinitesimal .
The large occlusion disc in the center of the image is used to block the sun ’s blinding light .
The dark line emanating to the lower left of the disk is the shadow of a rod used to hold the disc in place .
The inner white circle on the occlusion disc marks an outline of the sun ’s position and size .
A coronal mass ejection ( CME ) is occurring in the animation on the left side of the sun .
A poster to a popular message board correctly predicted the 8.8 earthquake in Chile based upon the impending impact of a CME on the earth .
Considering its beeline trajectory , it is highly likely that the current object will strike the plasma “ surface ” of the sun , but it is possible that the body will circle either in front of or behind the sun .
The consequence of the impending impact is unknown , but considering the apparent mass and speed of the impactor , the body ’s plunge into the sun will likely spawn flares , sunspots and perhaps multiple CMEs .
Gesetz gegen Verschleierung Belgien plant radikales Burka - Verbot
Fahrverbote in Bus und Bahn , Geld - und sogar Haftstrafen : Belgien will das öffentliche Tragen des Ganzkörperschleiers mit harschen Methoden einschränken .
Ein Parlamentsausschuss stimmte für ein entsprechendes Anti-Burka - Gesetz - Muslime protestieren und warnen vor Stigmatisierung .
An oil - drilling procedure called cementing is coming under scrutiny as a possible cause of the explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig in the Gulf of Mexico that has led to one of the biggest oil spills in U.S. history , drilling experts said Thursday .
The process is supposed to prevent oil and natural gas from escaping by filling gaps between the outside of the well pipe and the inside of the hole bored into the ocean floor .
Cement , pumped down the well from the drilling rig , is also used to plug wells after they have been ...
Can you believe that brand new from GM this bare cylinder head was only slightly over $ 200 ?
Over the weekend , I spent a fair amount of time staring at a 6.2L L92 engine out of a Cadillac Escalade , along with all of it ’s wonderful aluminum parts .
It made me want to build one for myself really badly .
The weight savings , the easy power , the plentiful parts .
There is no downside to this ?!
At $ 200 per bare head , you could build a complete set of these awesome flowing , 70 cc combustion chamber , aluminum cylinder heads for like $ 800 ( maybe cheaper if you are savvy ) .
These L92 heads , when combined with the right intake manifold , will allow you to effortlessly make 500 + hp without any power adders .
Just bolt it together and enjoy your tire smoke .
After years of dealing with cast iron SBC and BBC cylinder heads , blocks , and intake manifolds , I do n’t think I can go back .
I feel obligated to grab new technology by the horns and do a dance with it .
Who ’s with me on this ?
The Secret World Of Private BitTorrent Trackers
Somewhere on the web is the ultimate music site .
It has virtually every album , EP and single ever released in a variety of high - quality formats with insanely fast download speeds .
You ’re probably not allowed in .
The Pirate Bay is dead .
So is TorrentSpy , MiniNova , Suprnova and many other public BitTorrent trackers .
But the most savvy and obsessive file hoarders do n’t care about that stuff ; they would n’t be caught dead using public trackers .
People serious about downloading pirated music , movies , TV shows , software and other media are n’t interested in getting a letter from their ISP or the RIAA / IFPI / MPAA / CRIA .
They ’re also not interested in getting viruses or fake files , often seeded on public trackers by copyright enforcers looking to make piracy annoying .
So they ’ve built up hundreds of private sites that only trusted users can access .
A private BitTorrent tracker is a site that you can only gain access to via an invite from a current user .
Some of them are very basic , featuring merely a searchable list of torrents people have uploaded .
Many feature forums with the trackers for people to announce and discuss files that are available .
The most sophisticated feature gigantic databases that organise the files like the greatest online downloading store ever built , but with no checkout .
There are huge private trackers that , like The Pirate Bay , offer up everything and anything that you could want .
But there are many more smaller , more specialised trackers .
There are sites for music , for movies , for HD Blu-ray movie rips , for both Mac and PC software , for porn , for comic books , for console games , for anime , for TV shows , for ebooks and for sporting events .
If you know where to look , you can find a site that specialises in exactly what you care about downloading the most .
But downloading media is n’t the only thing going on at these sites .
At some , they ’re software development communities , with large numbers of developers donating time to building the site together into something more than just a place to grab files and leave .
And it ’s just this sort of development that gives these sites the ability to reappear in different forms if they get shut down .
Because , when you ’re in the illegal file - swapping business , getting busted is a fact of life .
The RIAA told me that while both public and private trackers are “ enormously damaging , ” they ’ve handed the reigns over to the IFPI ( International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ) to go after these sites .
This is probably because many of these sites are hosted overseas .
The IFPI told me that “ it focuses resources on the top of the
illegal supply chain of music , regardless of whether that is a public tracker , private tracker or other source . ”
OiNK was probably the biggest private music tracker on the web when it was shut down in 2007 by the IFPI .
It was huge and well loved .
Even Trent Reznor admitted he had an account :
I ’ll admit I had an account there and frequented it quite often .
At the end of the day , what made OiNK a great place was that it was like the world ’s greatest record store .
Pretty much anything you could ever imagine , it was there , and it was there in the format you wanted .
If OiNK cost anything , I would certainly have paid , but there is n’t the equivalent of that in the retail space right now .
OiNK was so well loved because , as Reznor said , it was amazing .
If there was an album you were searching for , it was a couple of clicks away .
And thanks to infamously strict bitrate requirements , it was available in a number of formats , all higher - quality than what iTunes was offering at the time .
Furthermore , OiNK had very strict ratio requirements , meaning that if you did n’t upload as well as download , you ’d be kicked off the site .
This ensured that files were seeded for a long time and were continually available .
Last month , after a two - year legal ordeal , OiNK founder Allen Ellis was found not guilty and released in the UK .
But immediately upon OiNK ’s demise , multiple other trackers popped up to replace it , built by former members of the OiNK community and following the same ratio and quality guidelines that made OiNK so popular .
And those replacements offer even more functionality than OiNK did , continuing to grow and improve in the years since it was shut down .
One of them , let ’s call it Site X , has surpassed OiNK in terms of content and functionality .
It ’s run like a business , with multiple staffers putting in many hours a week to code it , manage it and work on new features .
I talked to the founder and lead SysOp of Site X , who said when the site first started he put in a full - time job ’s worth of hours .
“ Nowadays , a conservative estimate would be 15 hours ” , which is still no small amount .
And he is one of three SysOps .
There are also two administrators , one developer and 17 moderators on the Site X staff .
That ’s a lot of manpower for something nobody is getting paid for .
And according to this head SysOp , all money made from user donations goes to maintaining the servers and not into any wallets .
“ I ’d be too scared to touch it , even if I could dampen my sense of morality enough to reach my hand into the piggybank . ”
( One of the main charges levied against OiNK founder Alan Ellis was that he made “ hundred of thousands of pounds ” from user donations . )
Site X ’s main feature is its huge database of torrents .
All are organised by artist , so you can find everything someone has released in one place .
Many releases are available in multiple file formats , ranging from lossless FLAC to various bitrates of MP3 to AAC to Ogg , for weirdos that really want their music to all be in Ogg .
And for major releases with multiple versions available , you ’ll find every version , from the original to the vinyl to re-releases , available separately .
Pink Floyd ’s Dark Side of the Moon , for example , has 20 different versions available on Site X spread across 60 different download options ( click the image to the left to see the entire crazy list ) .
Sure , most people will go for the basic V0 MP3 of the standard issue recording , but if you really want to find the 1981 Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab master digitised from vinyl as FLACs , or the 1983 Japanese Black Triangle Pressing in 320 AAC , they ’re here .
It ’s a completists ’ paradise .
But what about discovering new music ?
Site X has two features that help with that : collages and similar artist maps .
Collages are basically user - made lists of albums .
They can be something like Pitchfork ’s 100 Best Albums of the 70’s or AllMusic 5 Star Albums or just one guy ’s favourite 90 ’s ska records .
At the bottom of every album page it lists what collages that album is a part of so you can explore other music that somehow relates to it .
Similar artist maps are visual guides that appear at the bottom of each artist page .
Anyone can add an artist they feel is similar to an artist ’s page , and as those suggestions get voted up and down , they appear in various sizes in the visual guide at the bottom .
Like a band ?
Simply check out other bands in the map to try something similar .
All of this is built on a system that ’s rooted in a community .
There ’s an extensive forum here , as well as a Wiki full of information on everything from site rules to how to digitise a vinyl perfectly .
And the community helps build the site , coding features that are added to the system and creating hundreds of custom CSS skins to change the appearance .
But what if Site X gets shut down like OiNK was ?
It has over 116,000 users as of this writing , a number far too large for it to escape the notice of the same people that shut down OiNK .
The head SysOp admits that they ’ve already gained some unwanted attention : “ We ’ve gotten multiple letters from the CRIA , but none in the past year and a half .
It ’s been very quiet lately .
They ’ve either realised they ca n’t do anything , or are busy launching an amazing assault . ”
Wo n’t all the work put into this system be for nothing if the latter is true ?
Nope .
Because the entire site was built as an open - source piece of software called Gazelle , one that ’s continually tweaked and updated .
Gazelle runs the whole structure of the site , and they ’re currently working on writing an entirely original tracker from scratch for it .
And so far , there are over 50 other private trackers running Gazelle .
If one dies , another will pop up to replace it .
So does the existence of such a large network of meticulously - built private BitTorrent sites mean the RIAA and other trade organisations are losing the piracy battle ?
No , actually .
These sites are very difficult to get into and just as difficult to stay in once you ’re there .
They are most definitely not for laypeople .
The days of Napster and Kazaa making piracy easy enough for your mum to do it are gone .
It ’s actually harder to pirate media now than it was a few years ago thanks to the efforts of copyright holders .
Yes , these sites exist that are far , far better than any option has ever been before .
But even a site as large and sophisticated as Site X has only 116,000 members .
That ’s nothing compared to the millions of people who populated the large peer - to - peer file - sharing programs a few years ago .
So yes , piracy is indeed alive and well , more sophisticated than ever before .
But it ’s been pushed to places that most people ca n’t get to , and that might be an unlikely victory that the recording industry can claim as theirs .
Sony Computer Entertainment America has just been hit with a class action lawsuit in California over the company 's recent decision to remove PlayStation 3 support for the Linux operating system in a firmware update .
This decision , in the words of the lawsuit , was an " intentional disablement of the valuable functionalities originally advertised as available with the Sony PlayStation 3 video game console .
This disablement is not only a breach of the sales contract between Sony and its customers and a breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing , but it is also an unfair and deceptive business practice perpetrated on millions of unsuspecting consumers . "
When good firmware goes bad
At issue is PlayStation 3 software update 3.21 .
On March 28 , 2010 , Sony announced that this update would " disable the ' Install Other OS ' feature that was available on the PS3 systems prior to the current slimmer models . "
This feature would be removed " due to security concerns . "
The security concerns are not itemized , but the lawsuit claims that these concerns " did not involve a threat to PS3 users , but rather reflected Sony 's concerns that the Other OS feature might be used by ' hackers ' to copy and / or steal gaming and other content . "
The update is " voluntary , " but if you do n't take it , you wo n't be able to connect to the PlayStation Network , play any games online , play any games or Blu-ray movies that " require " the new firmware , play any files kept on a media server , or download any future updates .
We 've gotten used to a world in which firmware upgrades can radically alter the hardware we purchase — and this is often seen as a good thing .
This lawsuit shows the danger in making changes to existing hardware , especially when features are being removed rather than added .
According to the lawsuit , this removal of advertised features violates California 's Unfair Competition Law , the Consumer Legal Remedies Act , and other laws .
In short , PS3 owners " have not obtained the benefit of their bargain from Sony and the essential purpose of the PS3 sales contract has been frustrated . "
One obvious rejoinder here might be that this was always a niche feature , that its removal is no big deal , and that the core functionality of the device is not affected .
But the lawsuit paints another picture , using quotes from Sony executives over last four years .
For instance , there is a 2007 line from Sony 's Phil Harrison : " One of the most powerful things about the PS3 is the ' Install Other OS ' option . "
Sony engineer Geoffrey Levand wrote to a PS3 mailing list in August 2009 , " Please be assured that SCE is committed to continue to support for previously sold models that have the ' Install Other OS ' feature and that this feature will not be disabled in future firmware releases . "
Ars Technica even figures into the case .
Our own Ben Kuchera interviewed Sony's John Koller in 2009 , and when Ben asked him about the removal of the " Other OS " functionality from the new Slim PS3 , Koller responded , " If anyone wants to use previous models and change the OS , they can do so . "
If the judge allows a class action , the class would encompass all those who purchased a PS3 between November 17 , 2006 and March 27 , 2010 and who did not resell that machine .
The suit seeks unspecified damages from Sony , but does claim that such damages will exceed $ 5 million .
This is n't the first time Sony has been hit with a class action over the PS3 ; in fact , it 's not even the first time a class action lawsuit has been filed over one of its firmware updates .
Sony was on the receiving end of such a lawsuit back in October 2009 over an update that supposedly bricked some consoles .
Sony has not yet responded to the suit .
The paper acknowledged that it had broken with the tradition of allowing commenters to hide behind screen names , but it served notice that anonymity was a habit , not a guarantee .
Susan Goldberg , The Plain Dealer ’s editor , declined to comment for this article .
But in an interview she gave to her own newspaper , she said that perhaps the paper should not have investigated the identity of the person who posted the comments , “ but once we did , I do n’t know how you can pretend you do n’t know that information . ”
Some prominent journalists weighed in on the episode , calling it evidence that news sites should do away with anonymous comments .
Leonard Pitts Jr. , a Miami Herald columnist , wrote recently that anonymity has made comment streams “ havens for a level of crudity , bigotry , meanness and plain nastiness that shocks the tattered remnants of our propriety . ”
Image Judge Shirley Strickland Saffold , left , is suing The Plain Dealer of Cleveland , led by Susan Goldberg , saying the paper violated her privacy in reporting on comments sent from her e-mail address .
Credit ... Mark Duncan / Associated Press ; Jim Wilson / The New York Times ;
No one doubts that there is a legitimate value in letting people express opinions that may get them in trouble at work , or may even offend their neighbors , without having to give their names , said William Grueskin , dean of academic affairs at Columbia ’s journalism school .
“ But a lot of comment boards turn into the equivalent of a barroom brawl , with most of the participants having blood - alcohol levels of 0.10 or higher , ” he said .
“ People who might have something useful to say are less willing to participate in boards where the tomatoes are being thrown . ”
He said news organizations were willing to reconsider anonymity in part because comment pages brought in little revenue ; advertisers generally do not like to buy space next to opinions , especially incendiary ones .
The debate over anonymity is entwined with the question of giving more weight to comments from some readers than others , based in part on how highly other readers regard them .
Some sites already use a version of this approach ; Wikipedia users can earn increasing editing rights by gaining the trust of other editors , and when reviews are posted on Amazon.com , those displayed most prominently are those that readers have voted “ most helpful ” — and they are often written under real names .
Healthcare
By : Office of Science & Technology Policy and Office of American Innovation
Returned Services League ( RSL ) branches are concerned that parents pushing prams and children wearing dirty jeans are taking away the dignity of the Anzac Day march .
Amid recurring concerns that the number of children and descendants marching in the parade are swamping the veterans , branches across Australia are introducing new rules for this year 's marches .
Queensland and South Australian Anzac
Day organisers will require descendants of living veterans to march at the back of the Brisbane parade .
While the NSW branch will not enforce a ban , it has requested that descendants march in an allocated group in the Sydney parade .
In Melbourne , the Victorian RSL will only allow one descendant per veteran .
MSM Video Series : How I Made $ 211,969 While Traveling The World & Two Unique Case Studies
This video is a part of Yaro ’s Membership Site Mastermind Video Series .
If you missed the previous video in series click here
Click here if the above video does not open
You do n’t have to be as famous as Yaro to have lots of exposure already to launch Membership Site Mastermind
You do n’t need to operate in a particular niche to launch a successful Membership Site , a Membership Site can be successful in any niche provided you how how to make it a success .
In the above video Yaro explains case studies of two people starting the process of building their lists and conducting surveys like we saw in the previous Membership site video series .
1 ) Fran Kerr who targets acne sufferers at HighOnHealth.org
2 ) Jay Jay the magician who targets the Magic and Illusions market at FreeMagicLive.com
Yaro starts the video with a brief trip around the world slide show , where he shows you some of the places he visited as he traveled the planet last year visiting 25 cities in 8 months .
One of the cities he visited was Toronto , Canada where I had the chance to meet up and chat with him
In the video , he also shows you how he was able to conduct two membership site launches during the trip and make more money while traveling than he had when he left Australia .
It ’s amazing to know how Yaro traveled the planet visiting 25 cities around the world for 8 months and his income only grew during that time .
That ’s the power of having a Membership Site
Free markets depend on truth telling .
Prices must reflect the valuations of consumers ; interest rates must be reliable guides to entrepreneurs allocating capital across time ; and a firm 's accounts must reflect the true value of the business .
Rather than truth telling , we are becoming an economy of liars .
The cause is straightforward : crony capitalism .
Thomas Carlyle , the 19th century Victorian essayist , unflatteringly described classical liberalism as " anarchy plus a constable . "
As a romanticist , Carlyle hated the system — but described it accurately .
Classical liberals , whose modern counterparts are libertarians and small - government conservatives , believed that the state 's duties should be limited ( 1 ) to provide for the national defense ; ( 2 ) to protect persons and property against force and fraud ; and ( 3 ) to provide public goods that markets cannot .
That conception of government and its duties was articulated by the Declaration of Independence and embodied in the U.S. Constitution .
Why has this happened ?
Financial services regulators failed to enforce laws and regulations against fraud .
Bernie Madoff is the paradigmatic case and the Securities and Exchange Commission the paradigmatic failed regulator .
Fraud is famously difficult to uncover , but as we now know , not Madoff's .
The SEC chose to ignore the evidence brought to its attention .
Banking regulators allowed a kind of mortgage dubbed " liar loans " to flourish .
And so on .
Please remember this Easter season , that many types of LILIES ARE HIGHLY TOXIC TO CATS .
Easter lilies , tiger lilies , day lilies , stargazer lilies and oriental lilies are all extremely dangerous to cats .
Within a few hours of ingestion , cats will go into acute renal failure which means the kidneys nearly shutdown , usually leading to death .
Initial signs are vomiting , diarrhea , lack of appetite or dehydration .
If you suspect ingestion , call your veterinarian for immediate therapy .
Dogs can also get sick from lilies , but it is rarely fatal .
At a time when there is a great disparity in educational
preparedness for students across America …
At a time when it should be the birthright of all students to an education
that allows them to successfully enter the job markets of the 21st century …
At a time when America must inspire its next generation of scientists and engineers if
we as a nation are to compete in the technology markets of the 21st century …
New Flight Opportunity for School Districts – Authentic STEM in Low Earth Orbit
Student Spaceflight Experiments Program ( SSEP )
Mission 14 to the International Space Station ( Go to 3/22/19 Announcement )
Experiment Design Phase : Fall 2019 ; Flight to ISS : Spring 2020
Latest News
Subscribe for email notification of breaking NCESSE news .
Use the Subscribe Box in the lower right column .
For all recent news , Jump to the News Blog ; or visit the full News Archive
The National Center for Earth and Space Science Education ( NCESSE ) creates and oversees national programs addressing science , technology , engineering , and mathematics ( STEM ) education , with a focus on earth and space .
Programs are designed to provide an authentic window on science as a human endeavor , and to inspire … then educate .
A central objective of the Center ’s programs is to help continue America ’s legacy as a leader on the frontiers of science and technology well into the 21st century by helping to ensure a scientifically literate public and a next generation of scientists and engineers — both of which are of national importance in an age of high technology .
In 2012 , the Center launched its international arm , the Arthur C. Clarke Institute for Space Education , which recognizes that all humanity is on a journey aboard spaceship Earth , that the story of our existence knows no national borders , and it should be the birthright for all our children to understand that the explorer lives within them .
NCESSE is a division of the 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) Tides Center .
Past Highlight
Over 12,000 SSEP Students in Live Webcast with ISS
November 15 , 2012
Watch archived Webcast Read about the Webcast
A clear majority of Florida voters -- 54 % -- believe it was a " bad idea " for state Attorney General Bill McCollum to file suit to challenge the federal health care law , a new Quinnipiac University Poll shows .
Only 40 % think it was a " good idea . "
The issue could hurt McCollum 's campaign for governor , the poll also showed .
A plurality of voters -- 38 % to 28 % -- say the lawsuit makes them " less likely " to support his gubernatorial bid .
McCollum still leads Democrat Alex Sink in a hypothetical general election , but his lead has shrunk from 10 percentage points to 4 .
McCollum out - polled Sink 40 % to 36 % in this latest poll .
Peter Brown , assistant director of the Quinnipiac poll , says McCollum is " better known " than Sink , who is the state 's chief financial officer , and " voters grade him somewhat better for the job he is doing . "
" While most would rather be in his shoes , on the upside of a close race , November is a long way off , " Brown said .
( Posted by Eugene Kiely )
( CNN ) --
Thousands gathered outside Warsaw 's presidential palace on Saturday evening to lay flowers and light candles in honor of Polish President Lech Kaczynski , who was killed in a plane crash in western Russia earlier in the day .
Kaczynski's wife and several top military officials were also killed in the crash .
" There is going to be a huge gap in public life in Poland , " said resident Magdalena Hendrysiak .
" The most important people are dead . "
Russian officials said that 97 people were killed when the plane carrying Kaczynski crashed as it was trying to land at an airport near the city of Smolensk .
Parliament Speaker Bronislaw Komorowski took over as acting president and declared it " a time for national mourning . "
Kaczynski , 60 , had been traveling with a Polish delegation to Russia for the 70th anniversary of the Russian massacre of Polish prisoners of war in the village of Katyn .
Some 20,000 Poles , including soldiers and civilians , were executed there during World War II .
The event was to be a milestone in the easing of relations between Russia and Poland , strained for decades over Poland 's close relationship to the United States and because of lingering ill will over Russia 's campaign against the Poles in the 1940s .
" A shared tragedy of this sort could give a boost to further improvement in Polish - Russian relations , which ... were on the mend , " said Tomas Valasek of the Center for European Reform .
" This tragedy might accelerate that trend . "
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin appeared together in Smolensk on Saturday night .
Russia has declared Monday a day of mourning , though Russian television portrayed Kaczynski in a largely negative light on Saturday , highlighting the Polish president 's criticisms of Moscow .
The Polish military plane carrying Kaczynski originated in Warsaw , the Polish Defense Ministry said .
It was just a few miles east of Katyn when it crashed around 10:50 a.m. ( 2:50 a.m. ET ) on the outskirts of the town of Pechorsk , close to Smolensk , the Investigation Committee of the Russian prosecutor 's office said .
Russian officials on Saturday emphasized that there is no evidence it was responsible for the crash .
The Investigation Committee said the plane , a Tupolev - 154 , was trying to land in heavy fog .
A Russian military official said that air traffic control in Smolensk had tried to divert the plane to another airport because of inclement weather .
CNN 's Richard Quest reports on the Tupolev- 154
" The air traffic control officer gave several orders to divert but the plane continued with its descent , " said Alexander Aleshin , a top Russian Air Force official .
" Unfortunately , this ended in tragedy . "
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev appointed Putin to head an inquiry commission and sent Emergency Situations Minister Sergei Shoigu to the scene of the crash , the Kremlin said .
" We had a lot in common as presidents and as ordinary people and I can assure you that the death of Lech Kaczynski will be investigated and that we will uncover all the circumstances of this plane crash , " Medvedev said Saturday .
Other Polish officials killed in the crash include Aleksander Szczyglo , the head of the National Security Office ; Jerzy Szmajdzinski , the deputy parliament speaker ; Andrzej Kremer , the deputy foreign minister ; and Gen. Franciszek Gagor , the army chief of staff , according to Kaczynski's Law and Justice Party .
The party also said that Slawomir Skrzypek , head of the National Bank of Poland , was killed .
" The entire top military brass , including the chief of defense and all the services , were on the plane , " Valasek said .
" You 're looking at a situation , in effect , of the decapitation of the military services . "
Putin spoke Saturday at the crash site , where charred pieces of the airplane were strewn through a wooded area .
Some pieces , including one of the wheel wells , were upside down .
" As our first priority , we must establish the causes of this tragedy , " he said .
" As a second priority , we must do everything in our power to assist the families and relatives of the deceased . "
The plane carrying Kaczynski was refurbished and repaired last year , according to Alexei Gusev , general director of Aviakor Factory , the company that performed the service .
" Speaking openly , we believe that this tragedy could not have been caused by equipment failure , " he said .
Kaczynski had been president since December 2005 , after he defeated rival Tusk in the second round of voting .
The two men did not have a good relationship .
In parliamentary elections in 2007 , Tusk 's Civic Platform beat the Law and Justice Party of Kaczynski's twin brother , Jaroslaw Kaczynski , who was prime minister at the time .
Tusk put political differences aside as he spoke to the nation Saturday .
" I wanted , in the name of all the Polish people , to pass words of condolences to the familiy of the Polish president , to his daughter , to his mother , to his brother , and to all the families of all the victims , " he said .
Tusk and Polish Cabinet ministers held a special meeting Saturday morning to discuss the situation .
Elections must now be held within 60 days , said Dariusz Rosati , Poland 's former foreign minister .
Valasek pointed out , however , that the Polish president is the head of state , not head of government -- meaning essential services will continue .
" The role of the Polish president is not quite ceremonial ... he has some very real powers , but at the end of the day , the day - to - day running of the government is in the hands of the prime minister and the ( cabinet ) ministers , " Valasek said .
" Continuity is assured in ways that would not necessarily be assured in the case of the death of the U.S. president . "
World leaders pay tribute to Kaczynski
Meanwhile Saturday , condolences poured in from around the world , including from British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , and Britain 's Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles .
" President Kaczynski was a distinguished statesman who played a key role in the Solidarity movement , and he was widely admired in the United States as a leader dedicated to advancing freedom and human dignity , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in a statement .
CNN 's Melissa Gray in London , England , and Max Tkachenko in Bishkek , Kyrgyzstan , contributed to this report .
In a recent BBC Radio interview with Steve Carell and Tina Fey about their new movie Date Night , the conversation briefly turned to NBC's The Office , which has been renewed for Season 7 , beginning this fall .
Carell was asked , " How long will you stay with The Office for ?
How many more series [ that 's British speak for " seasons " ] ?
How long does your contract run ? "
Like+a+Scott+on+a+swing ...
" Contract through next season , " Carell answered .
Asked if he could see himself signing a new contract to stay on beyond that , Carell replied , " I do n't think so .
That will probably be my last year .
" NBC has yet to comment on this statement , as Carell 's words now raise the question :
If Carell leaves the show , will The Office end ?
Or would the network attempt to continue the series without its main character ?
A great way to eat your spinach !
This is really good tasting , low cal and very healthy !
I know it sounds very weird , but give it a try .
My 11 year - old gives it thumbs up , too .
coast of greece wallpaper
Socially conscious Christians take the fight to Glenn Beck
Beck has upset the socially - conscious , activist side of the Christian movement with comments last week that listeners should “ run ” from churches that talk about “ social justice ” because they are espousing ideas that came from communists and Nazis .
On his radio show last week , Beck told his audience that churches which use the expression “ social justice ” are following an extremist agenda .
“ I ’m begging you , your right to religion and freedom to exercise religion and read all of the passages of the Bible as you want to read them and as your church wants to preach them … are going to come under the ropes in the next year , ” Beck said .
“ I beg you , look for the words ‘ social justice ’ or ‘ economic justice ’ on your church Web site .
If you find it , run as fast as you can .
Social justice and economic justice , they are code words .
Now , am I advising people to leave their church ?
Yes ! ”
I would like to move on to more interesting topics .
Beck ’s rant contains stuff that I have covered before which contains rhetorical devices of the sort used by far Right extremists previously .
The problem is that since Beck and his bent cohorts keep repeating th same distortions over and over agin it is easy to dismiss them as more of the same .
This repetition is part of a movement ;s tactics .
To use Beck ’s examples , the far Right and communists use repetition to hammer in the message .
It is a technique also common to extreme fundamentalists religions and factions of mainstream religion .
There is even some social science that says it works .
Marketing , on a certain level , works by making its message a part of mainstream culture .
Those that buy the products , or in Beck ’s case the message , are simply consumers who have been convinced of the quality and benefit of purchasing the product .
Moderates repeat their messages , but degrees of repetition , the substance of the message , the benefits described and the level of honesty differ .
As well as the empirical and historical foundation of the message .
Then is a correlation between the falsehood of Beck ’s pitch and those of similar beliefs and the frequency with which it must be repeated .
It is not easy to sell a lie on any consistent basis .
Far Right Conservatism and far Right Libertarianism relies to a large degree on beliefs because knowledge requires too many confusing facts .
Facts do not disappear , while they may be appended with more knowledge , they ’re always a stumbling block for the extremists ideologue .
Thus the Right has by necessity a cottage industry in the history rewriting business .
If Beck ’s assertions seem audacious to the point of being clownish think of his black boards and rants as ideological smoke bombs .
They appeal to and arouse a converted choir , and they distort the issue for those muddling around in the middle .
Glenn Beck , Social Justice and Economic Justice :
According to his Wikipedia entry Beck ( now a Mormon ) was raised a Roman Catholic and attended a Catholic primary school .
Pope Benedict XVI on Social Justice :
In the words of my venerable predecessor , Pope Gregory the Great , “ When we attend to the needs of those in want , we give them what is theirs , not ours .
More than performing works of mercy , we are paying a debt of justice ” ( Pastoral Rule , 3:21 , quoted in Compendium of the Social Doctrine of the Church , 184 ) .
Address to Francis Campbell , the new ambassador of Great Britain to the Holy See , Dec. 23 , 2005 Poverty is a plague against which humanity must fight without cease .
Pope Benedict XVI , Public Audience , October 16 , 2005
It is necessary not only to relieve the gravest needs but to go to their roots , proposing measures that will give social , political and economic structures a more equitable and solidaristic configuration .
Message to Mexican Bishops , Sept. 29 , 2005
One can imagine the Right ’s outrage if a U.S. president , especially a Democrat gave a speech which included the phrasing used by the Pope .
All easily interpreted through the right - wing spin machine as thinly veiled advocacy of socialism .
I do not see it that way , but rather in the larger context of the history of religion and the preachings of Jesus and Matthew to simply help care “ ‘ for the least of these ” .
Beck ’s rant also included this ,
“ Both the communists , who are on the left — they say — you know , these are communists .
And the Nazis are on the right , ” Beck said .
“ That ’s what people say .
But they both subscribed to one philosophy , and they flew one banner .
One had the hammer and sickle ; the other was a swastika .
But on each banner read the words , here in America , of this — ‘ social justice . ’
They talked about economic justice , rights of the workers , redistribution of wealth , and surprisingly — I love this — democracy . ”
More from Pope Benedict XVI on Social Justice
True progress is that alone which integrally safeguards the dignity of the human being and which enables each people to share its own spiritual and material resources for the benefit of all .
Address to Participants in the U.N. Food Conference , Nov. 24 , 2005
Peace is rooted in respect for religious freedom , which is an essential and primordial aspect of the people ’s freedom of conscience and of nations ’ freedom .
It is important that throughout the world every person adhere to the religion he wishes and practice it without fear , as no one can base his existence solely on the pursuit of material well - being .
Address to ambassadors from Australia , India , Chad , Cape Verde and Moldova , May 18 , 2006
The Pope is clearly promoting redistribution of wealth and admonishing those , such as Beck , for the sins of materialism .
By Beck ’s definition the Pope is thus both a Nazi and a communist .
Or the Pope might be saying that democracy , contrary to America ’s far Right , does not rest solely on the kind of soul crushing and wreckless pursuit of wealth that lead to the current recession .
Beck : Liberalism , Communism and Nazism are all the same thing .
History says otherwise or Stalin , Hitler and Mao disagree with Beck .
The fact that the Curia is now making its peace with Fascism shows that the Vatican trusts the new political realities far more than did the former liberal democracy with which it could not come to terms .
… The fact that the Catholic Church has come to an agreement with Fascist Italy … proves beyond doubt that the Fascist world of ideas is closer to Christianity than those of Jewish liberalism or even atheistic Marxism … – Adolf Hitler in an article in the Völkischer Beobachter , February 29 , 1929 , on the new Lateran Treaty between Mussolini ’s fascist government and the Vatican Today Christians … stand at the head of [ this country ] …
I pledge that I never will tie myself to parties who want to destroy Christianity ..
We want to fill our culture again with the Christian spirit …
We want to burn out all the recent immoral developments in literature , in the theater , and in the press – in short , we want to burn out the poison of immorality which has entered into our whole life and culture as a result of liberal excess during the past … ( few ) years .
– Adolf Hitler , quoted in : The Speeches of Adolf Hitler , 1922 - 1939 , Vol. 1 ( London , Oxford University Press , 1942 ) , pg. 871-872
Writers and scholars such as Robert O. Paxton ( The Anatomy of Fascism ) , Stanley Payne and George Orwell have all covered this territory in much better detail .
I could have put up another dozen speeches or snipes of writings from Hitler and high ranking members of the Third Reich that demonized liberalism ( progressivism ) in much the same scatter shot fashion as Beck and other far Right pundits .
Maybe the communists were the liberals that Beck describes ?
* Up till now our Party has resembled a hospitable patriarchal family , ready to take in all who sympathise .
But now that our Party has become a centralised organ isation it has thrown off its patriarchal aspect and has become in all respects like a fortress the gates of which are opened only to those who arc ( ? ) worthy .
And that is of great importance to us .
At a time when the autocracy is trying to corrupt the class consciousness of the proletariat with ” trade unionism , ” nationalism ,
clericalism and the like , and when , on the other hand , the liberal intelligentsia is persistently striving to kill the political independence of the proletariat and to impose its tutelage upon it — at such a time we must be extremely vigilant and never forget that our Party is di fortress ^ the gates of which arc opened only to those who have been tested .
From the collected speeches of Joseph Stalin ( the typos are from the on - line translation )
* What is the fundamental strategic rule of Leninism ?
It is the recognition of the following : 1 . The compromising parties are the most dangerous social support of
the enemies of the revolution in the period of the approaching revolution -
ary climax .
2 . It is impossible to overthrow the enemy ( tsarism or the bourgeoisie )
unless these parties are isolated .
3 . The mam weapons in the period of preparation for the revolution
must therefore be directed towards isolating these parties , towards win-
ning the broad masses of the working people away from them *
Ija the period of the struggle against tsarism , in the period of prepara -
tion for the bourgeois - democratic revolution ( 1905 - 16 ) , the most dangerous
social support of tsarism was the liberal - monarchist party , the Cadet Party .
Why ?
Because it was the compromising party , the party of compromise
between tsarism and the majority of the people , *>. , the peasantry as a
whole .
from LENINISM – Selected Writings – BY JOSEPH .STALIN
Stalin did n’t have much love for liberalism – social justice or otherwise .
Leon Trotsky – a committed communist , at one time a contender for Soviet leadership after Lenin ’s death , was considered too “ liberal ” for Stalin .
Trotsky opposed Stalin ’s initial peace agreements with Hitler .
In this fantasy history that Glenn Beck and Jonah Goldberg , among others , have conjured up regarding the history of fascism and communism they either pretend it did not exist or gloss over the hatred between communists and fascist during their respective golden years of the early to mid 20th Century .
They find bizarre theories to explain away liberalism ’s ( FDR ) defeat of fascism and the beginnings of the containment policies that eventually lead to the fall of the Soviet Union .
Maybe the late Chinese communist leader Mao Tse Tung liked liberals .
Comparing President Obama to Mao is popular with the tea baggers ,
There is a further point pertaining to my doubts about anarchism .
My argument pertains not merely to the impossibility of a society without power or organization .
I should like to mention only the difficulties in the way of the establishment of such form of society and of its final attainment … .
For all the reasons just stated , my present viewpoint on absolute liberalism , anarchism , and even democracy is that these things are fine in theory , but not feasible in practice ….
from Selected Works of Mao Tse-tung
COMMUNISM AND DICTATORSHIP
Mike Madden has a piece up today on Beck and what has become a well established meme from the extremists on the Right , Glenn Beck and the war on progressives
There ’s a solid history behind the term that appealed to many Democrats , as well .
The Progressive Era brought America , among other innovations , direct election of senators ; the right for women to vote ; antitrust regulations and the first limits on corporate power ; child labor laws ; the eight - hour workday ; and national parks .
“ Folks at [ the Center for American Progress ] clearly identify with the animating values and spirit of the original Progressive Era , ” says John Halpin , co-director of CAP ’s Progressive Studies Program .
“ This is not a dodge , it ’s a proud association . ”
But listen to Beck , or read the sources of his paranoia , and there ’s a far more sinister history involved .
Progressives , in Beck ’s telling , were the prototypical European authoritarians , tied just as closely to fascists and Communists ; the progressive notion that government could help change things for the better ( instead of just staying out of the way of the free market ) becomes the ideological glue that unites those two disparate movements .
LONDON —
When it comes to predicting earthquakes , toads — warts and all — may be an asset .
British researchers said yesterday that they observed a mass exodus of toads from a breeding site in Italy five days before a major tremor struck , suggesting the amphibians may be able to sense environmental changes , imperceptible to humans , that foretell a coming quake .
Since ancient times , anecdotes and folklore have linked unusual animal behavior to cataclysmic events such as earthquakes , but hard evidence has been scarce .
A new study by researchers from the Open University is one of the first to document animal behavior before , during , and after an earthquake .
The scientists were studying the common toad — bufo bufo — at a breeding colony in central Italy when they noticed a sharp decline in the number of animals at the site .
Days later , a 6.3 - magnitude earthquake hit , killing hundreds of people and badly damaging the town of L’Aquila .
Researcher Rachel Grant said the findings suggested “ that toads are able to detect pre-seismic cues such as the release of gases and charged particles , and use these as a form of earthquake early warning system . ’’
“ A day after the earthquake , they all started coming back , ’’ said Grant , the report ’s lead author .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
The JRuby community is pleased to announce the release of JRuby 1.5.0.RC1
This development cycle has been our longest cycle yet ( nearly 5 months ) , but it also has the most fixes .
It also includes many new notable features ( see below ) .
Most of our bug fixes have been more of what we consider fine - tuning , since we keep getting into smaller corner - cases of compatibility for individual Ruby methods .
In that sense , we expect if you had a good experience with JRuby 1.4.0 then 1.5.0.RC1 will be a no- brainer upgrade .
If you have n’t tried JRuby in a while with your application , then please give us another try .
Odds are whatever issue you were having before no longer exists !
And we would really like help making sure JRuby 1.5.0 final is a solid release … so please try and report back with any problems .
1.5.0.RC1
Highlights :
New native access framework designed for performance and better FFI support
Native launcher for * NIX platforms
Ant support and Rake - Ant integration
Better and better support for Windows
Multiple performance improvements for Ruby - to - Java calling , improving correctness , memory , and speed .
Embedding API improvements based on user input ( JSR - 223 , BSF , RedBridge , etc )
Software updates : Ruby 1.8.7 standard library update , RubyGems 1.3.6 , RSpec 1.3.0
ruby - debug installed by default
Many fixes for Rails 3
Various improvements to startup time
Improved performance for Object#object_id/__id__
Reduced memory use for Java class metadata and faster loading of Java classes
jar - in - jar support in the classloader
The “ open4 ” library now works properly
jruby.jit.codeCache=dir to save jitted scripts / methods to disk in a sha1 - hashed .class file
New logic for interface implementation that produces “ real ” classes
jruby.ji.objectProxyCache to turn off OPC for extra performance
JRuby :: Synchronized module for making a class and its subclasses 100 % synchronized on all calls
Miscellaneous perf improvements to core classes and minor improvements in the JIT
No more ObjectSpace during IRB
Cleaned up maven artifacts
Windows Installer fixes for x64 and Windows 7 security
Over 1250 commits since JRuby 1.4
We always appreciate community contributions .
This cycle we ’ve had more help than ever : David Calavera , Stephen Bannasch , Daniel Luz , Ian Dees , Koichiro Ohba , Hongli Lai , Hiroshi Nakamura , Colin Jones , Takeru Sasaki , Roger Pack , Matjaz Gregoric , Joseph LaFata , Frederic Jean , Alex Coles , Lars Westergren
SQL Server Backup Compression Software - SQL Backup Compression Tools
After the release of Microsoft SQL Server 2008 , sql database administrators ( DBA's ) and sql developers have acquired a new tool for SQL Server backup compression .
SQL Server backup compression is a vital feature and function for many MS SQL Server administrators .
Because with the development of software applications , amount of data gathered by these corporate applications increased tremendously .
With increasing amount of data , disk sizes to store and maintain such database applications and storage devices increased as well .
So if you are a SQL Server professional that experience disk space problems , an SQL Server backup compression software is the recipe for your headaches .
SQL backup compress methods will minimize the disk storage size for sql backups .
Although CPU utilization will increase somewhat the total time of sql backups will decrease .
It is also a great advantage if you have limited bandwidths in company network and need to transfer sql backup files over company network .
Because sql backup compression will decrease network traffic load and require less network bandwidth resources .
SQL Server database backup compression can be thought as one of the steps to increase SQL Server performance and SQL Server performance optimization .
In this short SQL Server tutorial , I 'ld like to introduce some of the well - known SQL Server Backup Compression software in the market .
LiteSpeed for SQL Server - Quest Software LiteSpeed for SQL Server is an SQL Server tool developed as SQL Server Backup Compression and SQL Backup Management tool by Quest Software .
SQL Server database administrators , SQL Server Backup operators and IT professionals can download 15 day free trial version of LiteSpeed from product page after completing a short registration form .
By the way I download LiteSpeed for SQL Server Backup Compression tool version 5.2
And as far as I used this SQL Server tool , I can say that LiteSpeed is a good candidate for a SQL Server Backup Compression Software that you might want to use in your company .
What I liked about LiteSpeed SQL Server backup tool is not only its sql backup compression features , but its ability to attach files and contents of file folders to the sql backups .
To attach files and directories as a part of the SQL Server backup is very useful if your application stores files , images , and such binary files in file system outside the sql database .
This function is somehow similar to the MS SQL Server 2008 FileStream feature .
When we talk about the sql backup compression feature of LiteSpeed sql backup software , this SQL Server tool serves 11 levels of SQL Server backup compression .
The first level sql backup compression gives similar results as the Microsoft SQL Server Backup Compression supplies .
The additional levels enables more sql backup compress of course this increases the CPU utilization .
An other feature that I liked with LiteSpeed for SQL Server is that it can create an executable binary file so that when you double click the executable sql backup file it restore the backup file on the SQL Server .
This feature is called double - click restore executable .
You can find a detailed product review of LiteSpeed Backup SQL Server Backup Compression Tool here .
Tweet
Related SQL Resources
There have been arson attacks at churchs amid growing tensions
The Roman Catholic Church in Malaysia has criticised the authorities for not pressing charges against two Muslim journalists who took Holy Communion .
The two apparently put communion wafers in their mouths and then spat them out .
The Archbishop of Kuala Lumpur , Murphy Pakiam , said the two men had desecrated the church , and the lack of charges appeared to legitimise their behaviour .
It is the latest in a series of incidents raising religious tensions in the Muslim - majority country .
The journalists said they had attended the church service to check reports of the illegal conversion of Muslims , but found no evidence of it .
While non-Catholics can attend Mass , the Church does not allow those who are not baptised to receive the communion wafer .
Ignorance ?
The archbishop wants an apology from the journalists and from the magazine that published the story of their actions .
" The journalists have displayed utmost disrespect for the Catholic community when they admit receiving and spitting out the Holy Communion , " he told a press conference .
He said the incident " does not augur well on inter- religious harmony and peace " in Malaysia .
The monthly Malay - language Al - Islam magazine indicated the men spat out the communion wafers because it took a photograph of them partially bitten .
Catholics believe the communion wafer is transformed into the body of Christ during the celebration of Mass .
The government 's top lawyer , Attorney - General Abdul Gani Patail , said the pair had not understood the significance of the wafer .
" The actions of the two reporters may have hurt the feelings of the people but I was satisfied that they did not intend to offend anyone .
It was an act of sheer ignorance , " he said in a statement .
" Therefore in view of the circumstances at that particular time and in the interest of justice , peace and harmony , I decided not to press any charges against them . "
The BBC's Jennifer Pak in Malaysia says that non-Muslims feel their right to practice religion freely has come under threat in a country dominated by Muslims .
Protests against a court ruling in December that non-Muslims could use the word " Allah " led the government to appeal against the judgement .
Arson attacks then followed , mainly targeting churches , and wild boar 's heads were placed at mosques .
Pigs are considered unclean by Muslims and their presence would be taken as an insult .
Malays , who are required to be Muslim in Malaysia , make up a majority of the country 's population alongside substantial Chinese and Indian minorities .
The Malaysian constitution gives primacy to Islam but allows the free practice of other faiths .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You 're poured millions into R&D .
You 've cranked the hype machine into overdrive .
And now you 're on stage in front of millions of adoring fans .
And what do they do ?
They point and laugh .
Yup , it 's the 10 worst tech demo disasters
1. Lost in translation ?
You 're French cybersecurity expert Jeroma Athias and you want to tell people at a security conference about your product .
So what do you do ?
Give a rambling , amateurish and incoherent presentation in dodgy English with crappy slides and classic ' is this on ? ' microphone weirdness .
What 's worse is that his presentation is so simplistic it'd insult the intelligence of a 5 - year - old .
Who did n't even know what hacking was .
Or a computer , for that matter .
.
2 . Mind those stairs
This should be easy .
You have to go on stage and walk up a few steps while a nice Japanese lady talks about the fact that you can walk up steps .
Only you 're a robot .
And you 're not actually looking where you going .
The funniest thing about this 2006 classic is the panic that ensues once the Honda Asimo falls over - as if placing screens between the robot and the crowd is going to save anyone any embarrassment whatsoever .
.
3. Run , take aim , shoot
Now technically speaking there 's nothing wrong with this demo at all .
It starts .
It runs .
It finishes .
It 's what happens in between that 's truly unspeakable .
Especially to the poor old lady who is one of the actors .
The Microsoft guy who introduces the clip tries to hide his obvious embarrassment with bluster and talk of ' going beyond ' .
Yes , it 's Project Natal from CES 2006 .
.
4. Moving right along ...
Ah Windows Vista .
The hype .
The hype .
Shame it did n't wow us in quite the way Microsoft intended , as these two chaps prove by plugging a flash drive into a laptop only to be greeted with the dreaded Blue Screen Of Death ( BSOD ) .
The Bill Gates - alike quips at the end " this is why we 're giving away free versions . "
If only , eh ?
.
5 . A touching demo
In which a Japanese Microsoft guy attempts to demo Microsoft Surface Globe running on Windows 7 .
Live on TV .
You can guess the rest .
Makes us feel nostalgic for the old Tomorrow 's World days .
.
6. Apple fail
Apple presentations are remarkable for their robotic slickness - but it was n't always that way .
This compilation of old keynotes shows Steve Jobs stumbling over his words , forgetting what key Apple technologies are and getting frustrated his Mac does n't work properly .
No wonder Sony 's president is lost for words .
.
7 . What goes up must come down
No field of human endeavour is without its fair share of mistakes .
But few are as spectacular or as tragic as the ones that befall space travel .
The European Space Agency must certainly rue the day its Foton - M1 space mission ended earlier than planned .
It lost a precious payload of expensive experiments , while on the ground one soldier was killed and several others were injured .
The reaction of the crowd is particularly telling ( warning : contains strong language ) .
.
8. Video ?
What video
This is every presenter 's worst nightmare .
You 're in a room packed with your peers ( in this case member of the local technology association ) and every single thing you try to demo fails .
Sadly there 's no video , but the Seattle Times reported that plucky YouTube advertising director Suzie Reider kept going anyway , despite the fact that she could n't show any actual YouTube videos .
Apparently the venue 's AV system worked perfectly well later on when local companies stepped up to collect their awards .
.
9 . It 's not shipping yet
Poor Microsoft .
Another live TV demo .
Another failure .
This time it's for Windows ' 98 and Bill Gates covers his embarrassment by quipping " this must be why Windows ' 98 is n't shipping yet . "
Nice one , Bill .
.
10 .
And the world 's most embarrassing tech demo failure goes to ...
Steorn .
Two years ago the Irish company invited journalists and fans to see it 's amazing Orbo - a new kind of technology that promised free energy forever .
Only the demo , which was supposed to take place at the Kinetica Museum in London , never happened .
Steorn MD Sean McCarthy initially blamed technical problems with the demo unit and the museum got closed for the day .
The product was last demoed at the Waterways Visitor Centre in Dublin in February , only this time it was evidently battery - powered .
So much for free energy .
From The Daily Capitalist
I am tired of the cheerleading by the mainstream press where they see every positive sign as a sure sign of recovery and every negative sign as " unexpected . "
Every article I read on new data from the Wall Street Journal or Bloomberg is the same -- with mind numbing regularity .
Worse is that they always find some economist to give them a positive quote to the effect that we are " turning the corner " or " the recovery is self - sustaining . "
Here are some examples from recent news .
These are n't cherry - picked :
Initial jobless claims rose by 18,000 for the latest reporting week of April 3 , up to 460,000 .
WSJ : " jobless benefits rose unexpectedly last week . "
Bloomberg : " More Americans unexpectedly filed claims for jobless benefits ... "
They like to get someone who is bucking the report to make us feel better and it's either Home Depot or Caterpillar : " Home Depot Inc. , the largest U.S. home - improvement retailer , is adding store jobs for the first time in four years as it expects a rebound in sales , Chief Executive Officer Frank Blake said . "
More on the unemployment situation later .
A lot of retailers reported good sales in March ( Saks + 12.7 % ; Gap + 11 % ; TJ Maxx +
12 % ; Target + 10.3 % ; Macy's +
10.8 % ; Nordstrom + 16.8 % ; Kohl's + 22.5 % ) .
This is good stuff .
WSJ : " Shoppers opened their wallets even wider than expected in March . "
Here is their rosy economist : " ' It 's a blow - out month , the biggest monthly increase we 've seen since we began tracking monthly retail sales in 2000 , ' said Ken Perkins , president of Retail Metrics . "
Bloomberg : " Gap , Saks Lead Largest Monthly Sales Gain in a Decade . "
OK , this is pretty fair reporting .
But it 's not a blow - out .
Look at this one - year time frame chart which shows PCE , personal savings , transfer receipts ( payments from the government ) , and disposable personal income :
Looks pretty flat to me .
While the transfer payment numbers are n't as current , you should know that they account for 20 % of personal income .
Job Openings in US decrease to 2.72 million in February ( - 4.6 % ) .
They fell for the first time in three months .
There are more than 5 people vying for every opening , up from about 1.8 when the recession began in December 2007 .
WSJ : They did n't even report this .
Bloomberg : I have to admit they did n't gild the lilly here .
But they again mention again that Home Depot is hiring " for the first time in four years . "
One in five US jobless -- 20 % -- are unemployed after a year according to a new Pew study .
WSJ : Again they missed this story .
Bloomberg : Kudos .
They reported this fairly because it was Pew 's data .
They did mention that 162,000 new jobs were added in March .
162,000 jobs added in March .
Of those , 48,000 were government workers , many related to the U.S. Census .
These are n't real " economic " jobs .
See my article : " Unemplyment Remains Unchanged in March . "
WSJ : " created jobs at the fastest pace in three years . "
Their headline was : " Employers Added Most Jobs in Three Years in March . "
They noted that YoY that employment down another 1.8 % and unemployment rate unchanged at 9.7 % .
Toward the end they mentioned that the broadest measure of unemploment ( U - 6 , Marginally Attached Workers ) was up from 16.8 % to 16.9 % .
And at the very end they note that average hourly earnings ( wages ) for workers declined 0.1 % .
Bloomberg : Pretty much the same .
Instead of Home Depot adding jobs , this time they used another favorite , Caterpillar as an example .
Funny , they forgot to mention that wage earnings declined , again .
Both articles quote economists who think things are getting better .
Institute for Supply Management ’s index of non- manufacturing businesses ( services ) rose to 55.4 from 53 in the prior month .
This is another good sign , especially if looked at in isolation .
WSJ : " ' It looks like the recovery is definitely here in the service sector , ' said Adam York , an economist with Wells Fargo Securities . "
Bloomberg : " higher than anticipated . "
“ ' The recovery is looking increasingly self - sustaining , ' said James O’Sullivan , chief economist at MF Global Ltd . "
Private - sector jobs in the U.S. dropped by 23,000 this month .
This ADP report was at odds with the BLS numbers which showed employment gains .
WSJ : " The news rattled investors and economists who had expected March would show a gain in payrolls . "
Economist Joel Prakken , chairman of Macroeconomic Advisers said the ADP report did n't include any weather rebound or census hiring and that the numbers were reasonable .
Bloomberg : " Companies in the U.S. unexpectedly cut payrolls . "
They also blamed it on the weather and quoted Mr. Prakken as well .
They again cited Caterpillar as a company that is hiring .
Personal spending ( PCE ) increased by 0.3 % in February , but personal income was flat and savings were lower .
PCE is really weak overall .
No one connected the dots that said consumers had to resort to savings to make purchases .
See my article : " Consumers Draw Down Savings For Personal Consumption . "
PCE is really weak overall .
WSJ : They reported the facts .
They did n't make a note of the connection between a rise in PCE and a decline in savings .
Bloomberg : " Consumer spending in the U.S. rose in February for a fifth consecutive month . "
“ ' Considering the circumstances , this is a fine performance with the job market still not strong , ' ” said Michael Moran , chief economist at Daiwa Securities America Inc. in New York . "
They noted that savings declined as a result of spending and declining wage earnings .
Oh really ?
La universidad lamenta el fallecimiento de V�ctor Castro Santill�n en Monterrey , Nuevo Le�n ; externa condolencias a sus familiares
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Lunes 26 de abril de 2010
Redacci�n | El Universal
15:16
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Only 15 - 20 percent of Facebook ’s 350 million users have ever modified their privacy settings , the company said .
As the site today revises its privacy settings to pop up every single time a user posts an item , that portion will surely go up .
But Facebook wo n’t be any more private .
In fact , unless a user has ever changed a setting or does so now , most everything for those ages 18 and up is now set to be visible by everyone .
That does n’t mean everyone on Facebook — rather everyone on the Internet .
For instance , user status updates — Facebook ’s equivalent of Twitter — used to by default only be shown to users ’ friends and networks .
Now they will by default be visible to everyone .
Same goes for each person ’s photos , videos , notes and links .
Facebook said , as always , it hopes the changes will inspire more sharing — though some people may use the settings to share with smaller groups .
Users can now choose to share any one item with their friends , friends of friends , everyone , or a custom setting ( eliminating the previous option of regional networks ) .
The site recommends people limit access to personal information , such as their birthday and phone number , and makes updates by those who are under 18 automatically unavailable to the public .
Still , the reason so few users participated in privacy settings in the past was not just because they were hidden on a settings page .
Thinking about privacy in an outward way is just awkward .
It ’s a necessary part of living our lives on the web , but that does n’t make it feel natural .
I think we can safely say that the majority of Facebook users will continue to use the default , meaning they will be sharing more publicly , not less .
Meanwhile , people ’s Facebook identities , privacy settings and all , are increasingly becoming the way they participate on the web .
The company also said today that 60 million of its users utilize Facebook Connect each month on more than 80,000 web sites , one year after launch .
One of the key features of Facebook Connect is that it publishes users ’ activity on outside sites as an update to their Facebook streams .
Taken together with the new privacy settings , that ’s a ton of information becoming public every day — and growing .
Please see the disclosure regarding Facebook on my bio page .
The Pentecost icon depicts the descent of the Holy Spirit onto the Church .
It is usually displayed for veneration , at the center of the church , on the Sunday of Pentecost .
Design
The icon has the Apostles sitting , as on Mount Sion , representing the first Church community , the beginning of the Christian Church .
They form a semicircle to express the unity of the Church , the Mystical Body of Christ .
The icon is not a depiction of the historical events of Pentecost , but it signifies that this is a great event for all time .
As with many icons , the Apostles are pictured in an inverse perspective , the figures grow larger as they recede into the background .
Also , the building that the Apostles were in , is shown as background .
Theology
The Holy Spirit
At the top of the icon is another semicircle , with rays coming from it .
The rays are pointing toward the Apostles , and the " tongues of fire " are seen descending upon each one of them signifying the descent of the Holy Spirit .
Christ
At the center of the group of Apostles , there is a place which is unoccupied .
It is reserved for Christ , the invisible head of the Church .
Some ancient icons symbolize Christ 's invisible presence with an altar , the throne of His glory .
Clearly , no one else can be depicted here .
The Apostles
The Apostles sit orderly , unlike the Ascension icon where they seem confused .
This is to show the gift of the Holy Spirit , the inner life of grace .
The gift to the Church .
The group of twelve represent the Church , not just those mentioned in the book of Acts as being with the others on the day of Pentecost .
Pictured in the icon is Paul , who became an Apostle of the Church and the greatest missionary .
The four Evangelists , Matthew , Mark , Luke , and John , are shown holding the not yet written books of the Gospel .
Other Apostles are holding scrolls that represent the teaching authority given to them by Christ .
Cosmos
In yet another semicircle , at the bottom of the icon , is a symbolic figure of a king .
He is in a dark place that represents the world enveloped by sin .
This one person represents the whole world that had formerly been without the light of faith .
He is bent over to show he was made old by the sin of Adam .
Through the power of the Holy Spirit the Church brings light to the whole world by her teaching .
Sometimes , the figure is shown coming out , into the light , having a cloth containing scrolls which represent the teaching of the Apostles .
For the past hundred years , citizens of the United States shared one common holiday , regardless of faith , race , or sex .
Though it has never appeared on any calendar , we marked a day upon which we managed to slip free of our shackles and buy our way out of indentured servitude .
In 1900 , it fell on Jan. 22 .
By 2009 , the last year President George W. Bush scheduled the event , it had been pushed back to the first week of May .
This year , most expected it to be held during the first week of August .
It was , of course , Tax Freedom Day — the day when American workers stopped toiling to pay their government , and began working for themselves .
Sadly , barring Constitutional challenges , we ’ll never see another one .
True freedom , thanks to Obama ’s health care reform , no longer exists in the United States .
What we have now is a system where , each month for the rest of his or her life , each American will purchase their freedom by writing a check to a federally approved insurance company .
The size of that check remains to be seen , but there ’s not a single estimate that shows it declining .
If they fail to pay the mandated bill , they ’ll face investigation at the hands of the IRS .
If the government decides they ’re unable to cover the cost , someone else will be forced to pick up their slack .
The more the population grows , the more there will be people who will be unable to pay .
The cost to those who are footing the bill will increase in perpetuity .
If Obama ’s plan stands , our formerly inalienable rights of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness will never be less expensive than they are right now .
If a citizen refuses to pay , they ’ll face the consequences .
So far , we ’ve been told those penalties will be financial in nature .
However , mere months ago , both Obama and Pelosi suggested they ’d be fine with seeing jail time imposed .
Is America really willing to trust that the concept of such punishment has been abandoned ?
That the United States has become a country where failure to buy a commercial product could even conceivably result in the loss of freedom simply boggles the mind .
Yet , here we are .
Perhaps if the bill solved some fundamental problem , there could be a justification .
Yet it fails , spectacularly , to achieve every goal which it attempts to address .
According to the AP , the plan will make coverage more expensive , not less .
According to the Heritage Foundation , it will increase taxes , the deficit , and unemployment .
According to the CBO , once you factor in the Docfix legislation that Pelosi has promised to pass later this year , the new medical system instantly adds to the deficit .
According to a recent survey of doctors , it will cause a whopping 46 % of medical practitioners to consider leaving the profession , worsening the nation ’s physician shortage and lowering the quality of overall care .
All of the particulars , however , pale in comparison to the damage it will do our freedom .
In an instant , Obama ’s legislation has paved the way for government involvement in every conceivable corner of our lives .
From what we eat to where we live , from where we travel to how we get there , every single thing we do has some impact on our health .
Our environment , our homes , our clothes – all of it – will now be subject to federal scrutiny .
Should they decide that your diet , your lifestyle , or firearm ownership leads to increased health care costs , what ’s to keep them from taxing you into submission or banning the offending practice ?
To attain this level of control , the Democrats have passed a bill of unprecedented unpopularity .
In so blatantly thumbing their noses at the overwhelming majority of their constituents , they have ignored the notion that a government derives its power from the consent of the governed .
Every member of Congress who voted for this monstrosity has now turned their back on the most basic concepts of individual liberty .
In the wake of health care ’s passage , many have been quoting Benjamin Franklin , who wrote “ Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety . ”
Sadly , the sentiment only applies to the roughly twenty - three percent who desired this so - called “ reform . ”
The rest of us have seen our liberty stolen and replaced with the empty promise of security for which we never asked .
Where taxes may have once indentured us , at least our annual tax freedom was the light at the end of the tunnel .
Now , from cradle to grave , our debt is unending .
Sunday night , Barack Obama and his congressional allies turned that nation of indentured servants into a nation of slaves .
Robert Laurie writes a daily political commentary blog , The Robalution .
Robert holds a degree in English from Wayne State University , and has worked in advertising as a graphic designer and copy writer .
New Orleans ’
Black and transgender community members and advocates complain of rampant and systemic harassment and discrimination from the city ’s police force , including sexual violence and arrest without cause .
Activists hope that public outrage at recent revelations of widespread police violence and corruption offer an opportunity to make changes in police behavior and practice .
On a recent weekday evening , a group of transgender women met in the Midcity offices of Brotherhood Incorporated , an organization that provides healthcare and fights the spread of HIV and AIDS in low - income Black communities .
When the conversation turned to the police , the mood in the room turned to outrage , as each woman had a story of harassment and abuse .
Tyra Fields , a health worker who facilitates the meeting , told a story of being arrested without cause one night as she walked into a gay bar .
“ They never give us a reason they are arresting us , ” she says , explaining that being Black and transgendered is often enough reason for arrest , generally on prostitution - related charges .
A young and soft - spoken transgendered woman named Keyasia tells a story of being persecuted by police who followed her as she walked down the street , rushed into her apartment , and arrested her in her own home .
“ Within the last four or five months , I ’ve been to jail eight or nine times , ” says Keyasia .
“ All for something I did n’t do .
Because I ’m a homosexual , that means I ’m a prostitute in their eyes . ”
Expressing the frustration in the room , she adds , “ I want to go to the French Quarter and hang out and have cocktails just like everyone else .
Why ca n’t I ? ”
Diamond Morgan , another of the women , says she has faced a pattern of harassment from police that begins , she says , “ Once they discover my transgender status . ”
She says she has been arrested and sexually assaulted by police and by employees of Orleans Parish Prison , who are part of New Orleans Office of Criminal Sheriff .
She details her own personal experience of assault , and those of friends , adding that Orleans Parish Prison is a site that many women she knows speaks of as especially abusive .
She says that sexual assault of transgender women is common at the jail , and other women in the room agree .
Tracy Brassfield , a transgender sex worker activist also attending the meeting , has dedicated herself to fighting against discrimination .
Originally from Florida , Brassfield moved to New Orleans because she fell in love with the city .
“ But when I got here , ” she says , “ I started running into problems with the police . ”
These problems included what Brassfield calls deliberate harassment from officers who she says are targeting Black transgender women not because of any crime they ’ve committed , but just because of who they are .
“ They say , you ’re transgendered , you ’re a fag , you ’re a punk , you ’re going to jail , ” she says .
Brassfield decided to fight back and organize : “ I was raised in an activist family , ” she says .
“ I know my civil rights . ”
She has contacted local social justice and legal advocacy organizations such as Women With A Vision , Critical Resistance , the ACLU of Louisiana , and the Orleans Public Defenders , seeking allies in her struggle .
She has also reached out in the community of transgender women .
“ My thing is put it out there , get it exposed , ” she explains .
“ This is not just about me , this is about everyone . ”
Patterns of Violence
Both local and national attention is currently being directed on the New Orleans Police Department ( NOPD ) .
In recent months , the city has been rocked by revelations of police murder and cover-ups , with the Justice Department and FBI investigating at least eight separate cases , and signs that the federal government is headed towards a takeover of the department .
Mayor - elect Mitch Landrieu is engaged in a national search for a new police chief , telling reporters that the department needs “ a complete culture change . ”
Although the current federal investigations have not looked into police treatment of the Black and transgender community , advocates hope that the Justice Department will also look into these complaints .
Members of the city ’s larger gay community complain about unwarranted arrests and a criminalization of sexuality , with police specifically targeting bars in the gay community .
“ If a gay man wants consensual sex , the undercover officer lies and says money was offered , ” says John Rawls , a gay civil rights attorney who has spent decades in New Orleans fighting on these issues .
Advocates and community members also say that once gay men or transgender women are arrested for offering sex , they are more likely than others arrested in similar circumstances to be charged with a “ crime against nature , ” a felony charge .
The law , which dates back to 1805 , makes it a crime against nature to engage in “ unnatural copulation ” — a term New Orleans police and the district attorney ’s office have interpreted to mean soliciting for anal or oral sex .
Those who are convicted under this law are issued longer jail sentences and forced to register as sex offenders .
They must also carry a driver ’s license with the label “ sex offender ” printed on it .
The women ’s health care organization Women With A Vision has recently formed a coalition with several advocacy and legal organizations to attempt to fight this use of the sex offender law .
Stories of Abuse
Wendi Cooper , a Black and transgender healthcare worker , was charged under the law almost ten years ago .
Although Cooper only tried prostitution very briefly and has not tried it again since her arrest , she still faces harassment from the police .
She is frequently stopped , and when they run her ID through the system and find out about the prostitution charge , they threaten to arrest her again or sometimes , she alleges , they demand sex .
“ Police will see that I been to jail for the charge , ” she said .
“ And then they ’ll try to have me , forcefully , sexually .
. . .
One I had sex with , because I did n’t want to go to jail . ”
Thinking about her experiences with police over the years , Cooper got quiet .
“ Sometimes I just wanna do something out the ordinary , and just expose it , you know ? ”
She sighed .
“ They hurt me , you know ?
And I just hope they do something about it . ”
In response to the allegations of abuse , New Orleans Police Department spokesman Bob Young responded : “ Persons are charged according to the crime they commit . ”
He encouraged anyone with complaints to come file them with the department , adding , “ The NOPD has not received any complaints against plainclothes officers assigned to the vice squad . ”
The New Orleans Office of Criminal Sheriff did not respond to requests for comment .
However , a September 2009 report from the US Department of Justice ( DOJ ) found that , “ conditions at OPP violate the constitutional rights of inmates . ”
The DOJ went on to report : “ Inmates confined at OPP are not adequately protected from harm , including physical harm from excessive use of force by staff . ”
And it documented “ a pattern and practice of unnecessary and inappropriate uses of force by OPP correctional officers . ”
This included “ several examples where OPP officers openly engaged in abusive and retaliatory conduct , which resulted in serious injuries to prisoners .
According to our expert , in some instances , the officers ’ conduct was so flagrant it clearly constituted calculated abuse . ”
Abuse Starts at Young Age
Wesley Ware , a youth advocate at Juvenile Justice Project of Louisiana , says that harassment against those who are perceived as gay or gender non-comforming begins at a young age , and can include hostility from their parents , fellow students , and often from school staff .
According to Ware , this leads many of these youths to bring weapons to school to defend themselves .
“ Gay and bisexual boys and young men are four times more likely to carry a weapon to school , ” he says .
“ Of homeless youth , 50 % identify as lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender .
Of kids in youth detention , 13 % are LGBT . ”
Ware adds that many of these youth face an unsympathetic court , including judges who think that they will help “ cure ” gay youth by sending them to juvenile detention .
“ Ninety nine percent of the kids in youth detention in New Orleans are black , ” adds Ware .
“ So obviously what we ’re talking about is youth of color . ”
“ This community is facing systemic discrimination in pretty much every system they deal with , ” says Emily Nepon , a staff member of the Sylvia Rivera Law Project , a legal organization that fights for transgender racial and economic justice .
According to Nepon , women in this community deal with intersecting forms of oppression .
“ High levels of employment discrimination , housing discrimination , overpolicing , profiling that leads to higher incarceration rates , and higher levels of abuse within prisons . ”
Mayor elect Mitch Landrieu calls criminal justice one of his signature issues .
But will he be willing or able to try to change the culture of the New Orleans police ?
Advocates say change will not come easy .
“ You can do a million police trainings , ” adds Nepon .
“ But in general , that does n’t have an impact on rampant police homophobia . ”
Many advocates believe federal oversight can make a difference in these patterns of police abuse .
They are also pressing for an end to the use of the Crime Against Nature statute , as well as a general shift from charging people with nonviolent offenses .
Attorney John Rawls , who is generally supportive of current Orleans Parish District Attorney Leon Cannizzaro , believes the DA understands that the current use of the sex offender statute invites discrimination .
However , adds Rawls , it will be hard to get his office to stop charging people under the statute .
“ People who hold powerful offices have many motives , and one of them is they love being powerful , ” he says .
“ Prosecutors get their power from criminal statutes .
The more statutes they have , the more ways they can prosecute someone , the more power they have . ”
If activists are going to challenge this power , they will need to utilize the current public outrage for far - reaching reforms , says Rawls .
Back at the meeting at the Brotherhood Incorporated offices , Brassfield urges women to stand up and fight back .
“ We need to document , ” she says .
“ What you want to do is illustrate a pattern of harassment and abuse . ”
She hands out flyers and phone numbers for Women With A Vision , Critical Resistance , and a sympathetic lawyer .
“ We have to look out for each other , ” she says .
“ I want to organize , just what we ’re doing now .
The girls got to stick together . ”
Jordan Flaherty is a journalist , an editor of Left Turn Magazine , and a staffer with the Louisiana Justice Institute .
He was the first writer to bring the story of the Jena Six to a national audience and audiences around the world have seen the television reports he ’s produced for Al - Jazeera , TeleSur , GritTV , and Democracy Now .
Haymarket Press will release his new book , Floodlines : Stories of Community and Resistance from Katrina to the Jena Six , this summer .
He can be reached at neworleans@leftturn.org .
|
| Print
My Name : Jenna Presley My Breast Size : Cup DD My Eyes Are : Green My Hair Is : Brunette My Height : 5 ' 0 " My Weight : 95 lbs Jenna and heres my new Official Twistys.com Preview Gallery hot off the press !
Do you like what you see ?
Would you like to slide your hard fat cock into my soft little cunt ?
Nice .
Hey , people !
Imand heres my new Official Twistys.com Preview Gallery hot off the press !
Do you like what you see ?
Would you like to slide your hard fat cock into my soft little cunt ?
Nice .
Fuck yeah !
Jenna Presley
EXPERIENCED ST LOUIS LAW FIRM
YOUR ST LOUIS MISSOURI ATTORNEYS
At the Law Office of Kenneth P. Carp , our lawyers offer dependable , practical and cost - effective legal advice and advocacy to every client we serve .
We provide the following legal services : Real Estate , Estate Planning , Bankruptcy , Unemployment , Traffic , and more .
We represent individuals , families and small businesses in Greater St. Louis , Lincoln County , and other Missouri communities .
To learn about the scope of our practice and the way we attack clients ' problems , contact us in Bridgeton or Clayton , MO for a free consultation .
Alan Greenspan : Still A Lying Sociopath After All These Years
Most people would rest on their laurels after creating the greatest economic catastrophe since the Great Depression .
And the remaining few might figure that that , PLUS being an enthusiastic supporter of mass murder for oil , would be enough .
But not Alan Greenspan .
A few weeks ago Greenspan was interviewed on Bloomberg TV .
GREENSPAN : Everybody missed it — academia , the Federal Reserve , all regulators ...
HUNT : I ’ve just been reading Michael Lewis ’ book .
There were people who saw it coming ...
Why were they so prescient and the people here in Washington were not ?
GREENSPAN : Now you have to ask yourself why would they make that judgment .
The problem that you ’re raising is a statistical illusion ...
In every crisis , you will always find a group of people after the fact who got it right ...
HUNT : So they were just lucky .
It was a broken clock , right , price of day with them .
GREENSPAN : Well , let me put it this way , I know most of the people who ’ve done well here ... they are a handful .
People who can consistently call a turning point are very rare .
The vast proportion of economists , myself included , have records which are average ...
But the problem here is that there ’s a failure to understand what would happen , if you took 1,000 people and you split them into two and you had them toss coins against each other , when you get down to the last two guys , tell them that they do n’t know how to toss coins .
1 . Do you noticed what Alan Greenspan left out here ?
It 's not just he " knows " most of the people who profited off this crisis .
HE'S WORKING FOR THE RICHEST ONE .
John Paulson made literally billions of dollars by betting against the housing bubble , and hired Greenspan in January , 2008 before everything completely collapsed .
( And not just that : Paulson also took a fraction of his billions and endowed an Alan Greenspan Chair in Economics at NYU . )
In other words , either Greenspan just called his boss a man who 's not particularly insightful and just got lucky ... or Greenspan ( and Paulson ) know this is the line of crap you have to peddle to the rubes .
I 'm going to guess it 's the latter .
2. Greenspan is conflating two very different things .
Yes , it 's hard to call when a bubble will collapse , which is necessary to do in order to make lots of money .
In fact , if Dean Baker — who'd been pointing out the bubble since 2002 — had been a hedge fund manager , he might well have lost all his clients ' money by betting that the bubble would collapse before it did .
But it 's not difficult to know if a bubble exists .
And that 's what matters for the Chairman of the Federal Reserve .
EXTRA CREDIT : Alan Greenspan is also extremely worried that we wo n't have the political will to slash Social Security and Medicare .
— Jonathan Schwarz
Posted at April 18 , 2010 07:16 PM
Constance McMillen ‘s been through hell and back standing up for herself .
All she wanted to do was attend her senior prom with her girlfriend .
But her Fulton , Mississippi high school canceled prom in response .
Money was donated ( and rejected ) so she could attend an alternative prom .
She did n’t need an alternative prom , though , because she was told there was already one in the works ( run by the school , on private property ) , and she attended it .
But it did n’t go as planned .
The school district invited McMillen and five other students to a prom at a country club in Fulton on Friday night , while the parents for the other students held a “ real ” prom just miles away .
“ They had two proms and I was only invited to one of them , ” McMillen tell the Advocate .
“ The one that I went to had seven people there and everyone went to the other one I was n’t invited to . ”
McMillen says the school principal and teachers served as chaperones for the seven students that were at the dance .
Prior to the prom night , McMillen asked one of the students organizing the event for details and was directed to the country club .
“ It hurts my feelings , ” McMillen says .
The most disturbing part of this story is that two of the students that were also sent to the “ fake ” prom apparently had learning difficulties .
“ They had the time of their lives , ” McMillen recalls .
“ That ’s the one good thing that come out of this , [ these kids ] did n’t have to worry about people making fun of them [ at their prom ] . ”
This is absolutely deplorable behavior .
All “ adults ” ( and I use that word loosely ) who work at Itawamba Agricultural High School ought to be ashamed of themselves .
So should the parents who took part in all this .
So should the students who find all this funny .
What the hell do you think you ’re doing ?
Are there no people in that community with a heart ?
So many other people have commented on this already .
I want to echo their words .
From Jen :
Constance , get the fuck out of there and do n’t come back .
Use that scholarship to go to a good college , educate yourself , and rise above the muck that you happened to get stuck in .
These people do n’t fucking deserve you .
From Eric Zorn :
It ’s sickening to imagine how many parents and students had to be involved to pull off this disgusting caper at a country club in Fulton , Miss . …
Kids , sometimes they do n’t know any better .
I , for one , was not always as kind as I should have been to schoolmates who were different , and it ’s a regret that I carry to this day .
And occasionally you ’ll find some parents who do n’t know any better .
Bigots .
Fools .
Wicked people .
But virtually an entire community of parents and teens had to conspire to pull this off .
( Supposedly ) from a senior at Constance ’s high school :
The reason the senior class boycotted the actual prom was not because we hate gays .
We wanted a drama - free gathering to celebrate 3 great years and 1 lousy one together , and we wanted to lay low .
We also wanted to do it without the main cause of the lousy .
What people are failing to realize is that much of the fault of this whole stink lies with Constance , not her mistreatment by the school district , but her crazy - reckless need for attention .
It sounds mean and horrible and like we planned it all specifically to embarrass Constance , but we did n’t .
We let her have her prom with her girlfriend and her tuxedo and we went to party it up in the “ boondocks ” not because we wanted her rights violated , but so we could salvage what has turned into a total fiasco .
And PZ remarks about Constance ’s classmates and the online trail they ’re idiotically leaving with their comments :
I hope employers and college admissions committees find the hateful association between their names and what they say .
Not that it ’s much of a worry for these losers ; Jiffy Lube probably does n’t care much about their network trail , and Liberty University would probably consider bigotry an asset .
The summer ca n’t come soon enough .
I hope Constance takes the goodwill coming from so many of us and the positive press she ’s getting from so many bloggers and columnists and channels it into something wonderful .
News in Science
Silk forms ' intimate ' brain connection
A brain implant made partly of silk can melt onto the surface of the brain , providing an ' intimate ' connection for recording signals , report researchers reported on Sunday .
Tests of their device showed the thin , flexible electrodes recorded signals from a cat 's brain more accurately than thicker , stiff devices .
Such devices might help people with epilepsy , spinal cord injuries and even help operate artificial arms and legs , the researchers report in the journal Nature Materials .
John Rogers of the University of Illinois , Urbana and colleagues at the University of Pennsylvania and Tufts University in Boston made the electrode arrays using protein from silk and thin metal electrodes .
The silk is biocompatible and water - soluble , dissolving into the brain and leaving the electrodes draped over its contours , the researchers report .
The material is also transparent , strong and flexible , and it is possible to control the rate at which it dissolves .
They tested the silk on cats who were anesthetised but whose eyes were functioning .
The electrodes recorded the signals from the eyes of the cats as they were shown visual images .
Broad applications
" These implants have the potential to maximise the contact between electrodes and brain tissue , while minimising damage to the brain , " says Dr Walter Koroshetz of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke , part of the National Institutes of Health , which helped fund the study .
" They could provide a platform for a range of devices with applications in epilepsy , spinal cord injuries and other neurological disorders . "
For instance , such a sensitive electrode could detect a seizure as it starts and deliver pulses to counter it .
Brain signals might be routed to prosthetics for people with spinal cord and other injuries .
If you 're not a fan of the Canadian rock band Rush ( and many rock critics would belong to this group ) , the new documentary " Rush : Beyond the Lighted Stage " is n't likely to convert you .
There 's plenty here to back up the theory that the power trio behind the albums " 2112 " and " Moving Pictures " are terminally uncool guys who write pseudo - intellectual songs with weird time signatures .
For example , on stage in the ' 70s , the band members wore Kimonos .
But in the way of many Canadians , the bandmates -- Geddy Lee , Alex Lifeson and Neil Peart -- come across as such nice , unaffected rock stars .
And the on-camera tributes from the likes of Billy Corgan and Kirk Hammett are so heartfelt that the cynical viewer begins to soften and appreciate if not Rush 's music , than at least the fervor they stoke among fans -- a bond so intense that drummer Peart appears freaked out by his own legion of admirers .
Co-directors Scot McFadyen and Sam Dunn have wisely chosen not to convert critics but to play to those fans , and the film offers extensive interviews with band members and intimates as well as super - rare footage .
" They really cleaned out our office vaults and discovered tapes that we did n't even know were lying around , " frontman Geddy Lee said while in Manhattan on Saturday to attend the movie 's premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival .
In this exclusive clip from the film , which will be released in theaters in June , the band reflects on its early days playing teen dances in Ontario .
Soon after , the members quit high school to devote themselves to Rush .
Geddy Lee sets up the clip :
The World Bank approved a controversial $ 3.75 bn loan to build one of the world 's largest coal - fired power plants in South Africa yesterday , defying international protests and sharp criticism from the Obama administration that the project would fuel climate change .
The proposed Medupi power station , operated by South Africa 's state - owned Eskom company , was fiercely opposed by an international coalition of grassroots , church and environmental activists who said it would hurt the environment and do little to help end poverty .
As planned , it would put out 25 m tonnes of carbon dioxide a year and would prevent South Africa making good on a promise to try to curb future emissions .
The bank said it had acted to help South Africa escape a crippling power shortage .
" Without an increased energy supply , South Africans will face hardship for the poor and limited economic growth , " said Obiageli Ezekwesili , the World Bank 's vice president for Africa .
But the bank 's approval for the Medupi plant , though expected , was overshadowed by dissatisfaction from American and European donors , as well as a groundswell of protests .
America , Britain , the Netherlands , Italy and Norway registered their opposition to the loan by abstaining from the vote , the traditional method of dissent on the board which operates by consensus .
In a statement , the US treasury department said the loan was incompatible with the bank 's stated commitment to promoting low carbon economic development .
" We expect that the World Bank will not bring forward similar coal projects from middle - income countries in the future without a plan to ensure there is no net increase in carbon emissions , " it said .
Britain , registering its abstention , noted the controversy surrounding the plant .
" The project raises several sensitive and potentially controversial issues which it has not been possible to resolve before this period began , " a statement from Dfid said .
However , a World Bank official said the strong wording of such statements did not carry over to the Board 's discussions of the loan .
" It was not an easy decision , " he said .
" Everybody recognised the concerns about climate change , but this was a balancing act . "
The vote by the World Bank had been widely seen as a test of the Obama administration 's commitment to new guidelines put forward barely three months to shift aid to the developing world away from coal and fossil fuels to less polluting energy sources .
The administration had come under strong pressure from Democratic leaders in Congress as well as environmental organisations to try to block the loan .
Environmental organisations said its decision to abstain fell short .
" I am not going to give them points for abstaining .
This was totally the easy way out , " said Karen Ornstein of Friends of the Earth .
" If the US were to follow its own clean coal guidance for multilateral development banks it would have had to vote no on this loan . "
Michael Stulman of Africa Action said the entire project was misguided , and would do little to help poor South Africans .
" This is one of those stereotypical development disaster stories , " he said .
• This article was amended on 9 April 2010 .
The original said that the Medupi power station , as planned , would emit 25 tonnes of carbon dioxide .
This has been corrected .
Less than a week after the shutdown of NUMMI , it appears increasingly possible that the auto factory ’s former suppliers face a similar fate .
According to a recent study , only two or three of the 13 suppliers in Alameda County are likely to survive the shutdown .
“ Most of these companies do n’t know what to do next , ” said Brent Meyers , president of Manex , a consulting firm for manufacturers that conducted the study .
“ They have fantastic operational skills , they have skilled workers .
But they do n’t know what alternatives are available to them after NUMMI . ”
The job losses and financial devastation among the 13 manufacturers that Manex surveyed are expected to be severe .
Some 917 jobs , $ 160 million in revenue and $ 64 million in wages would evaporate if 10 or 11 of the 13 suppliers are forced to close their doors , the Manex study found .
Alameda County is home to 31 companies that supplied the now - closed New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. plant , which employed 4,700 people .
Santa Clara County contains an estimated 35 companies that provided NUMMI with products or services , according to Manex .
San Joaquin , Stanislaus and Merced counties also have former NUMMI suppliers .
“ We knew it would be challenging for the suppliers , ” said Bruce Kern , executive director of the Alameda County Workforce Investment Board .
“ A majority of their business was associated with NUMMI . ”
The work force board commissioned the Manex survey .
A separate analysis by the Bay Area News Group determined that among all types of suppliers , manufacturers and otherwise , the job losses in Alameda County this year so far top 1,200 .
The aftermath of the NUMMI shutdown is especially complicated for suppliers because of the intense demands of providing goods or services to the factory .
“ A lot of suppliers just became order - takers for NUMMI , because NUMMI gave them so much business , ” Meyers said .
“ They just allowed themselves to be caught up by a regular flow of orders and revenue from the plant . ”
In a number of cases , suppliers became less nimble because their focus was consumed by NUMMI ’s requirements , Meyers said .
“ When they focused so much on NUMMI , they also allowed their strategic , marketing and sales skills to atrophy over time , ” Meyers said .
“ They ca n’t rapidly penetrate new markets . ”
What about the two or three companies that might escape the NUMMI wreckage ?
Diversification and preparation appear to be key factors .
“ Either NUMMI was less than half their business or they had started planning for alternatives nine months ago when it became apparent that NUMMI might close , ” Meyers said .
“ They had the skills , or they were willing to invest in obtaining the skills to identify alternative markets where they could do well . ”
Contact George Avalos at 925-977-8477 .
( CNN ) -- Authorities in Alaska were working Friday to ensure public safety after a woman was mauled to death by animals -- most likely wolves .
The victim , Candice Berner , 32 , was found dead Monday in the village of Chignik Lake , authorities said .
If the attack is confirmed , it would be the first fatal encounter with wolves on record in Alaska , said Megan Peters , spokeswoman for the Alaska State Troopers .
If officials determine which animals were responsible , authorities will try to find them and destroy them , Peters said .
An investigation determined the death was " non-criminal in nature , " the troopers said in a news release , adding that " it has been concluded that the animals most likely responsible for the attack are wolves . "
Troopers were working with the Department of Fish and Game " as it addresses public safety concerns regarding wolf activity close to the community of Chignik Lake , " the troopers said .
Berner , a Pennsylvania native , moved to Alaska last year .
Chignik
Lake is in the southwest part of the state , part of the Alaska Peninsula that shoots out from the mainland .
The community of about 105 residents is about 475 miles southwest of Anchorage .
Several Chignik
Lake residents have reported recent encounters with wolves , some of them threatening , Peters said .
Authorities saw a bloody trail where Berner had been dragged off a road and wolf tracks near the body , Peters said .
" It 's hard .
It 's really hard .
I feel horrible , you know , empty , " her father , Robert Berner , told KTUU - TV in Anchorage , Alaska .
" They said Candice put up a good fight , " he said , " and there must have been two , maybe three of them . "
Berner described his daughter as " small and mighty , " a woman who liked to box , lift weights and run , according to a dispatch in the Slippery Rock Herald , the newspaper in her Pennsylvania hometown .
She was training for a race and could get into a meditative state when running , her father said .
Foul play has been ruled out , Peters said .
Berner was an itinerant special education teacher , according to CNN affiliate WTAE - TV of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Authorities listed her address as Perryville , Alaska , around 30 miles from where her body was found .
She had arrived in Chignik this week to work at the school there , the Slippery Rock Herald said .
Berner had been with the Lake and Peninsula Borough School District since August , schools official Rick Luthi said .
Her co-workers last saw her alive at the end of the workday Monday , Luthi told the newspaper .
" She had made the comment that she wanted to get out and get some fresh air , " Luthi said .
" We assumed that that meant a run for Candice , because she had a habit of doing that whenever she could . "
Her father was a professor and taught her first special education class , KTUU - TV said .
" I felt like it was work worth doing , and I 've always felt that way , " Robert Berner said .
" I thought Candice would be able to handle it well , because she has a tremendous tolerance for those who are different . "
Residents in Berner 's hometown recalled an adventurous woman who loved the outdoors and longed to live in Alaska , WTAE said .
Patrick Grant , of Slippery Rock University 's Special Education Department , told the station that Berner returned home for grad school and that he last saw her about 18 months ago .
" She cared about other people , " Grant told WTAE .
" She cared about kids .
She cared about how she 'd make a difference in the world .
That 's why she was there .
She wanted to make a difference in the world . "
Berner was featured in Slippery Rock 's winter 2010 journal , where she talked about life in Alaska without television and having her groceries flown in .
She also wrote a blog called " Adventures of an Alaskan Bush Teacher , " posting photos on it and writing about the wildlife -- particularly the wolves that lurked in the wilderness .
" This tragedy affects all of us .
We 're all deeply crushed by it , " Grant said .
" We 're all deeply concerned about someone so young reaching such a tragic death , and we 're all asking ourselves , ' What can we do ? '
And I do n't know what the answer is . "
CNN 's Greg Morrison and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .
Washington is patting itself on the back for having orchestrated an amazing economic recovery .
But Washington lawmakers are a delusional bunch of boneheads , say Marc Faber and Mike " Mish " Shedlock , editor of the Gloom , Boom , and Doom Report and investment advisor at SitkaPacific Capital Management , respectively .
The economy is NOT recovering , they say , and the U.S. faces a depressing " eventuality " of either crushing deflation ( Shedlock ) or runaway inflation ( Faber ) .
The timing and type of this eventuality is uncertain , say the gurus , but they are certain it 's too late for America to change course .
" It 's beyond repair -- it 's too late , " to avert fiscal disaster , Faber declares .
" The day of reckoning has arrived , " Mish adds .
" The question is how long it takes to play out . "
This grim outlook does n't mean you 're helpless .
Faber recommends individuals prepare for doomsday by buying gold , owning assets abroad and buying property outside of major cities .
Click here to see more from Faber and Mish :
The Great " Inflation Debate or Deflation ? "
Debate : Mish vs. Dr. Doom
Marc Faber : Do n't Expect Another Crash ... Bernanke Wo n't Allow It
Perhaps you remember the 2007 Stanley Cup Playoffs .
The Ottawa Senators were taking on the Buffalo Sabres in the Eastern Conference Finals on Saturday , May 29 of that year , the same day as the Preakness Stakes .
The game went to overtime , at which point NBC execs decided to dump the broadcast to show an hour - plus of pre-horse race coverage .
Not the actual race , which lasts about , what , three minutes ?
No , pre-race coverage .
Back when William Houston had a job with The Globe & Mail , he covered the story :
NBC pulled the plug on coverage of the overtime period between the Ottawa Senators - Buffalo Sabres on Saturday , denying viewers in most of the United States the conclusion the Eastern Conference final 's Game 5 .
A source close to the National Hockey League Saturday called the decision to prematurely end the telecast " disappointing , " but said the network 's contract with the league allowed it to pull out after three hours .
NBC dropped the overtime period , which decided the series and sent the Senators to the Stanley Cup final , because it did n't want the hockey telecast running into its scheduled 90 - minute coverage of the Preakness Stakes starting at 5 p.m. EDT .
They passed the broadcast over to Versus for the overtime period , so it 's not like the game was just dropped from television altogether .
But there are two problems : one , it 's a cardinal sin in sports broadcasting to drop a live event before it 's over , and two , if you missed a quick " switch over to Versus " message at the end of the third period , you likely missed the end of the game .
A year ago , the Penguins and Capitals were facing off as the lead - in to the Derby .
NBC controlled things as they usually do , forcing the NHL to bump the game up to an early afternoon start to accommodate their Derby coverage .
It was certainly a step forward when the network released a contingency plan , saying that a potential first overtime would be covered on NBC and that any other overtime periods would be covered on Versus .
Luckily , it never came to that .
Contingency or not , it 's unacceptable .
As of now , it seems that NBC has n't released a similar plan for Game 1 between the Flyers and Bruins on Friday .
To me , though , this whole thing comes down to one point .
The NHL is finally in the position where they have some leverage in negotiations with television rights holders , as the league is finally an attractive property for these rights holders to buy .
So , in a nutshell , why the hell should we have to deal with this crap ?
I understand the deal with NBC was re-upped about a year ago when maybe things were n't as shiny as they are now , and I also completely understand that the money is with the Derby and not hockey .
But it 's an absolute joke that we even have to worry about our games being shuttled off from network to network because of some other event .
If NBC wants to broadcast our games and bump them up to 12:30 in the afternoon and control the schedule like they routinely do , the league should be guaranteed complete , un-interrupted coverage of the game .
If it 's Derby day and there might be a conflict , they can put the game on Versus in its entirety at a normal evening hour .
The NHL is finally in the position to stand up to these networks a bit and they better start .
Contingency or not .
Bauer , a German - owned publisher which bought music magazines Kerrang ! , MOJO and Q in December of 2007 from Emap is trying to impose a new contract on freelancers working for those titles .
Over 200 contributors to the three magazines have refused to sign the new contract which contains clauses that “ provide Bauer with an unlimited lifetime financial indemnity in the event of legal action arising from their work ” and “ to acquire licenses from their subjects for the company to use their image for its own profit as and when it wishes . ”
In a cover letter delivered with the contracts , Bauer issued the ultimatum that after April 16th any contributors who do not sign will no longer be commissioned .
Here ’s a copy of the contract someone sent to me a month or so ago :
I received a press release signed by several of the freelancers standing up to Bauer that states :
A committee of the freelances affected has been attempting to enter into dialogue with Bauer since the first draft was issued late in February , but the company has rebuffed every overture .
“ Their behaviour is bizarre and counter - productive , ” says Iggy Pop ’s biographer Trynka , who was previously responsible for overseeing MOJO and Q syndication and contracts .
“ As contributors , we share Bauer ’s need for their titles to remain profitable , and are offering Bauer permission to use some material on the iPad and similar digital platforms for no extra payment . ”
Attempted rights grabs like Bauer ’s are far more than an assault on a specific group of music writers and photographers – they undermine the viability of freelance journalism as a whole .
Freelances bear a significant proportion of the risk in most media businesses because , behind their commission - by - commission availability , they pay for their own equipment , office space and training .
Without any of the statutory sickness , holiday , maternity and paternity pay rights of staff , the only asset their work produces is their stock - in - trade : copyright ownership , as acknowledged by UK law .
Will Bauer ’s magazines sell more copies if they push these contracts through , so losing the services of many of their most expert , reliable and popular contributors ?
Will musicians and other showbusiness talent stand idly by and see their quotes and photographic likenesses commoditized and put on sale by a publishing company ?
In business terms , it does n’t make sense .
More at British Journal of Photography and London Freelance .
The other magazines Bauer purchased from Emap , include Empire , Heat , Closer , Grazia , Max Power , MCN , Match ! , FHM and Zoo .
All are expected to see a similar contract unless this one is defeated .
Adobe has released its new version of the Flex Builder , now renamed Flash Builder 4 .
This version is radically different from previous versions of Flex , introducing the new Spark architecture and theme support .
While I ’m pleased Adobe has finally added support for Eclipse 3.5 , I ’m disappointed with some of the new architecture changes that make doing simple things , such as skinning a button , now quite cumbersome .
1. Spark and Halo : Duplicate Code will be Flex ’s downfall
The Spark framework introduces a new set of UI components that sit on top of mx , and in many cases , duplicate the logic .
For example , you can now define an old Halo button < mx:button /> alongside a new Spark button < s: button /> , both within the same component .
I predict this duplication of code will lead to confusing and muddled codebases .
Some developers will use all Spark components , some will use all Halo components , and some will use an inconsistent mix of the two .
The idea of two different components with the same name existing within the same application worries me greatly .
It would be like Sun releasing a new version of the String class in Java 8 , and rather than updating the old String class you now had 2 distinct classes to choose from , both called String , with the package name determining which you use .
Sometimes reinventing the wheel is a sign the developers were too lazy to merge their changes into the existing wheel .
2. Broken Migration Paths
When I attempted to migrate some of my Flex 3 applications into Flash Builder 4 , I received a number of compiler errors .
The first thing I needed to do was right click on the project and change the Theme to Halo ( Flex 3 - based theme ) , since it defaults to Spark .
This fixed many , but not all , of the compiler issues .
After fixing the remaining compiler issues by hand , I ran the application only to discover none of my buttons had text on them !
I enabled “ Use Flash Text Engine in MX components ” which fixed some , but not all , of the button text , but there were still dozens , possibly hundreds , of UI issues that caused the application to look awful .
Realizing migrating the entire application into a native Flex 4 application would take endless amount of hours , I reviewed the compiler options again and checked the “ Use Flex 3 compatibility mode ” option , which , again , fixed some , but not all , of all the issues .
Even with Flex 3 compatibility mode enabled , the compiler still handled the following components differently than it had in Flex 3 : drag / drop pop-up images , recognizing css text - align property on certain components , and adding padding on some components .
With the compatibility mode enabled , the number of issues was drastically reduced to a few dozen issues , but this was at the cost of limiting the new features available in Flex 4 .
3 . Skinning a button : 5 lines of code now take 51 lines of code
Previously , skinning a button was just a matter of defining some images in a CSS file and telling the application to use this style .
It was intuitive , quite similar to HTML / CSS so it was easy to pick up , and only took a few lines of code , such as the following :
. myButton { skin: Embed ( source= " /assets/menu.png " ) ; overSkin : Embed ( source= " /assets/menu_over.png " ) ; downSkin: Embed( source= " /assets/menu_down.png " ) ; }
Flex 4 now makes skinning extremely complicated .
In order to accomplish the above example in Flex 4 , you would need to define a custom skin class such as in the following example taken from here :
<?xml version = " 1.0 " encoding = " utf - 8 " ?> <!--
http://blog.flexexamples.com/2010/03/24/using-a-bitmap-image-skin-in-a-spark-button-control-in-flex-4/ --> <s:SparkSkin name= " ImageButtonSkin " xmlns:fx = " http://ns.adobe.com/mxml/2009 " xmlns:s=" library://ns.adobe.com/flex/spark " xmlns:fb= " http://ns.adobe.com/flashbuilder/2009 " minWidth = " 21 " minHeight = " 21 " alpha.disabled = " 0.5 " >
<!-- states --> < s:states > < s : State name = " up " /> < s: State name = " over " /> < s: State name = " down " /> < s:State name = " disabled " /> </s:states > <!-- host component --> < fx:Metadata > [ HostComponent ( " spark.components.Button " ) ]
</fx:Metadata > < fx: Script fb:purpose= " styling " > <![ CDATA [ /*
Define the skin elements that should not be colorized .
For button , the graphics are colorized but the label is not .
*/ static private const exclusions : Array = [ " labelDisplay " ] ; override public function get colorizeExclusions ( ) : Array { return exclusions ; } override protected function initializationComplete ( ) : void { useChromeColor = true ; super.initializationComplete( ) ; } ] ] > </ fx:Script > < s:BitmapImage source= " @Embed ('/assets/menu.png ' ) " source.over=" @Embed ('/assets/menu_over.png ' ) " source.down=" @Embed ('/assets/menu_down.png ' ) " left= " 0 " right = " 0 " top= " 0 " bottom = " 0 " /> <!-- layer 8 : text --> <s :Label id =" labelDisplay " textAlign=" center " verticalAlign= " middle " maxDisplayedLines= " 1 " horizontalCenter= " 0 " verticalCenter= " 1 " left = " 10 " right = " 10 " top= " 2 " bottom = " 2 " /> </s:SparkSkin>
Talk about wasted space !
I understand the power the new skin mechanism adds ( you can now layer effects ) , but I personally do n’t feel it ’s worth it .
The future of Flex
Adobe has touted the power of Flash Builder 4 , but as we have all seen in the past sometimes more powerful designs lead to failure .
I think Adobe forgot the KISS principle , or perhaps they had one too many designers at the table instead of developers when they were creating the new architecture .
While I liked the ease , power , and simple nature of Flex 3 , I ’m not convinced of the merits of Flash Builder 4 from a developer perspective .
It seems like they made our job a lot more difficult and time consuming .
More articles to follow as I delve into the beast that is Flash Builder 4 !
Too much time on his hands .
This is just a Sunday afternoon rant , nothing newsworthy or necessarily noteworthy , but something I 'd like to say , anyway .
" That guy has too much spare time " is one of the most odious , intellectually dishonest , dismissive things a person can say .
It disguises a vicious ad - hominem attack as a lighthearted verbal shrug .
The subtext of the remark is that the subject 's passions — this remark is almost always directed at someone engaged in some labor of love — are so meritless that their specific shortcomings do n't even warrant discussion .
The subtext is that any sane person who considers these passions will immediately see their total worthlessness .
To direct this remark at someone is to utterly dismiss their personal fire and so their ability to distinguish between the worthy and the unworthy .
It 's a substitute for thought .
It 's a uncompromising line between art and junk , between personal enrichment and navel - gazing .
Whether it 's directed at some model - train otaku who has reproduced , in miniature , a fantastic landscape that she brings to life with the flick of a switch or an obsessive collector of breakfast cereal packaging whose house is wallpapered with gaudy enticements to tooth - decay , the slur brooks no possibility that the speaker has failed to appreciate some valuable , fulfilling element of the subject 's hobby .
Maybe this irks me so much because everything I care about is dismissed as a waste of time by most of world , or was , until recently : Science fiction , the Internet , blogging , gadgetry , vintage tchotchkes , Disney parks , etc .
Really , is there anything fulfilling about life that did n't start out on the fringes , did n't start out as a waste of time ?
We love to trot out hoary chestnuts from history where some long - dead expert predicts the imminent demise of computers , or radios , or cars , or public transit , or bicycling , or television , or indoor plumbing , or microscopy , or the space program , but we never seem to notice that our modern world is full of similar dismissals of fun , fringey pass- times : robotic Lego , Versus MP3 mixes , TiVo , fanfic , blogging .
Of course , some of this stuff will surely be relegated to the scrapheap of history .
Some of it will " fail . "
But who can say what ?
Who can say which technologies and movements will be the enduring delights of generations to come , subject of PhD theses and documentary films , and which ones will be merely charming but obscure footnotes ?
The genuinely disruptive , novel artefacts are by definition unpredictable .
This fact is at the core of the doctrine of Fair Use :
We do n't know what innovations the world may come up with in the future , but we know that the fewer restrictions we put on tomorrow 's innovators , the higher the likelihood that they will come up with something marvellous that will be to all our benefit .
So , let 's cut 'em some slack .
The next time you meet some person who is utterly captivated by some undertaking that completely mystifies you , give him the benefit of the doubt .
Hold back on your instinctive imputing of excess spare time and hang the obsession in a tickler - file in the back of your brain to pull out and think about in the shower or the post - office line .
If you 're very lucky , a little of that delight may rub off on you , too .
Discuss
Tokyo - based artist Koshi Kawachi recently demonstrated his " Manga Farming " technique -- which uses old manga as a growing medium for vegetables -- by cultivating a crop of radish sprouts in an installation at the Matsuzakaya department store in Nagoya .
[ Link : Koshi Kawachi ]
It was patent - grantin ' day at the USPTO on Tuesday , and while most of the patents handed out to Apple , HP , Microsoft and others were pretty boring , it looks like Apple patent number D613,300 is going to make some waves -- it 's a design patent on Apple 's Cover Flow UI element .
That 's a design patent , not a utility patent , so it covers the look of the system and not its functionality ; think of it as covering the distinctive shape of a Coke bottle and not how it works and you 'll get it .
That means Apple now has the ability to sue anyone using a system that looks " substantially similar " to Cover Flow , so Symbian^3 and Songbird are probably in for some changes .
We 'll see what happens -- it 's not like anyone 's called the lawyers in .
Yet .P.S. -
We were going to include the HP Slate here , but we went back and watched the video and ironically enough they 're actually faking flick scrolling a Cover Flow view using iTunes -- an app that does n't actually support flick scrolling .
Sigh , HP .
One more interesting tidbit to come out of Goldman 's Abacus deal :
In contrast to what the firm just said in its Annual Report , Goldman DOES bet against its clients .
How do we know that ?
In the Abacus deal , Paulson & Co. was a Goldman client .
Paulson went short the Abacus CDO ( or the bonds within it ) .
In its defense against the fraud charges the SEC just clobbered it with , Goldman pointed out that it had lost $ 90 million on the collapse of the Abacus CDO because it had retained a " substantial long position " in the transaction .
So that means ...
Goldman was betting against Paulson & Co .
( Goldman 's defense against that particular charge might be that it only retained a $ 90 million long position in the CDO because it could n't find anyone stupid enough to buy it .
But given that the SEC basically just accused Goldman of selling a crappy security designed to self - destruct , we do n't imagine Goldman will be making that defense publicly right now . )
Before Wednesday night 's game , West called the AL East rivals " embarrassing " and " a disgrace to baseball " for slowing the pace of their games to a crawl , according to the Bergen ( N.J. ) Record .
The teams ' season opener on Sunday took 3:46 to play .
Tuesday night 's game went 3:48 , while Wednesday night 's contest , which went 10 innings , was finished in a relatively brisk 3:21 .
" They 're the two clubs that do n't try to pick up the pace , " said West , the chief of the umpiring crew working the three - game series , according to the report .
" They 're two of the best teams in baseball .
Why are they playing the slowest ?
" It 's pathetic and embarrassing .
They take too long to play , " he said , according to the report .
During Tuesday night 's game , home plate umpire Angel Hernandez denied a number of requested timeouts in the batter 's box .
West did not allow Hernandez to comment , according to the report .
" All of baseball looks to these two clubs to pick up the pace , " West said , according to the report .
" [ Hernandez ] did everything he could .
The players are n't working with us . "
Yankees closer Mariano Rivera , asked Thursday by the New York Post about West 's comments , said : " It 's incredible .
If he has places to go , let him do something else .
What does he want us to do , swing at balls ? "
When reached Thursday by ESPNBoston.com for the Red Sox 's response to West 's comments , general manager Theo Epstein 's response was brief :
" No comment . "
The occasionally slow pace of the game has gotten baseball 's attention before .
After Game 4 of last year 's World Series , in which Yankees catcher Jorge Posada walked to the mound to visit CC Sabathia eight times in a single inning , MLB vice president of umpiring Mike Port said frequent mound meetings by all teams would likely be discussed during the offseason .
During spring training , Red Sox closer Jonathan Papelbon told WEEI.com : " Have you ever gone to watch a movie and thought , ' Man , this movie is so good I wish it would have never ended . '
That 's like a Red Sox - Yankees game .
Why would you want it to end ? "
He added : " If you do n't want to be there , do n't be there .
Go home .
Why are you complaining .
I 'm not going to sit somewhere I do n't want to be .
If you go to a movie or any entertainment event and you like it , you 're going to stay and watch and you 're not going to want it to end .
If you do n't , then you wo n't .
Why is it such a big deal ? "
Baseball has tried speed - up rules and guidelines in recent years , with varying results .
Papelbon was fined a few times last season for taking too long to pitch , and on one occasion had a ball called on him for that reason .
And hitters have been encouraged to stay in the batter 's box .
One trip to the mound is allowed per inning -- by a manager or coach -- before a pitcher must be pulled .
There is no limit , however , on players - only meetings .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
The following is an article from the book Uncle John 's Bathroom Reader Salutes the Armed Forces .
Presenting , in our humble opinion , our leading leaders of men and women at war .
1. GEORGE WASHINGTON ( 1732-99 )
Born in Westmoreland County , Virginia , Washington grew up under the guardianship of his eldest brother .
After a spotty education , he became a surveyor and eventually inherited his brother 's prosperous estate , Mount Vernon .
He joined the Virginia militia in 1752 , advanced to major , fought during the French and Indian War ( 1754 -60 ) , and made it to the rank of honorary brigadier general .
Washington did n't return to the battlefield until July 1775 , after being appointed general by the Continental Congress .
At Cambridge , outside Boston , he took command of the disintegrating Continental Army .
The American Revolutionary War -Washington energetically and skillfully revitalized the militias at Cambridge and organized them into Continental Army regiments .
Using cannons borrowed from the colonies , he occupied Dorchester Heights and brilliantly forced Sir William Howe 's British army to evacuate Boston and retire by sea to New York City .
Washington tried to drive the British from Ney York but failed , partly due to his own inexperience and partly due to untrained troops and clumsy subordinates .
His masterful withdrawal from Long Island and Harlem Heights into New Jersey and Pennsylvania during the autumn of 1776 saved the army from extinction .
General Howe captured most of New Jersey and made the mistake of believing Washington 's army was militarily impotent .
On the night of December 25 - 26 , 1776 , Washington 's forces crossed the Delaware River in boats , drove Howe 's Hessians out of Trenton , and on January 3 , 1777 , Washington learned that General John Burgoyne planned to invade the Hudson Valley from Canada .
Though soon hard - pressed defending Philadelphia , the national capital , he sent many of his best troops upriver and , in October , defeated the British at Saratoga .
Having weakened his forces defending Philadelphia , Washington abandoned the defense of the city on September 26 , forcing the Continental Congress to move west to York .
Not everything went well for Washington , but he managed to contain one British force in the north while sending forces south to fight another British force under General Charles Cornwallis at Yorktown .
The strategy worked , and on October 19 , 1781 , Cornwallis surrendered .
What Made Him Great ?
Washington 's unorthodox military education kept him from becoming an orthodox 18th - century general , which led to his boldness .
The Continental Army never numbered more than 35,000 men , and Washington never had more than a third of it under his personal command , yet he managed to subdue , with help from the French fleet , Great Britain 's professional army .
Underrated by modern standards , Washington was a brilliant strategist and self - taught tactician .
He also became a gifted statesman .
He believed in civilian government and the rule of law , spurning attempts by his officers to make him a military dictator .
2. WINFIELD SCOTT ( 1786 - 1866 )
Known as " Old Fuss and Feathers , " Scott was born outside Petersburg , Virginia , and studied law until 1807 , when he enlisted in a cavalry troop .
At 6 ' 5 " and 250 pounds , Scott could cripple a horse - and did - so he transferred to the light artillery as a captain .
Suspended briefly in 1810 for making inappropriate remarks to his superior , Scott rejoined the Army as a lieutenant colonel when the War of 1812 broke out , and led more troops into more battles in that war than any other officer .
He suffered two wounds at Lundy 's Lane on June 25 , 1814 , but 10 days later won an important victory at Chippawa , Ontario .
Raised to the rank of major general for distinguished service , Scott became a national hero .
For the next 30 years , except for two trips to Europe to study military developments , Scott fought Seminole Indians in the South and Plains Indians in the West .
In 1845 - 46 , when General Zachary Taylor 's battles with General Santa Anna 's army in northern Mexico were inconclusive , Scott recommended to President James K. Polk an amphibious landing at Veracruz as the fastest way to conquer Mexico City .
Scott planned the massive operation , and on March 9 , 1847 , landed near Veracruz and 18 days later captured the city .
On April 8 he began the march inland , routed Santa Anna 's larger army on April 18 at Cerro Gordo , and occupied Puebla on May 15 .
He paused to collect supplies , resumed his advance on Mexico City on August 7 , and after fighting decisive battles at Contreras , Churubusco , Molino Del Rey , and Chapultepec , captured the Mexican capital on September 14 .
He served as military governor there until April 22 , 1848 , when he returned to Washington .
Promoted brevet lieutenant general in February 1855 , Scott became the highest - ranking officer in the Army since George Washington .
As general - in - chief of the Army , he tried to prevent the American Civil War by counseling presidents James Buchanan and Abraham Lincoln .
He sadly became what his nickname implied , " Old Fuss and Feathers , " a man obsessed with strict adherence to Army red tape with the out - of - date habit of adorning his military headwear with feathers .
Though physically infirm , his mind was still sharp , but he could no longer take the field and , on November 1 , 1861 , resigned .
What Made Him Great ?
Scott left a remarkable record as a strategist , a diplomat , and a brave and skillful tactician .
His Anaconda Plan for strangling the South by keeping it from its sources of supply during the Civil War was first sneered at by Union generals , but was later adopted by Lincoln , and turned out to be the overriding strategy that eventually won the war .
3. ROBERT E. LEE ( 1807 - 70 )
The greatest Confederate general of the Civil War , Lee graduated from West Point in 1829 , second in a class of 46 , and joined the engineers .
A Virginian by birth , Lee claimed that he fought for his home state more than for the Confederacy .
The Mexican War -During the Mexican War , Lee served with distinction as a member of General Scott 's staff at Veracruz in March 1847 , and at Cerro Gordo the following month .
His eye for reconnaissance and tactical improvisations led to Scott 's victories reconnaissance and tactical improvisations led to Scott 's victories at Churubusco , Chapultepec , and eventually to the surrender of Mexico City .
Lee worked a desk job from 1852 to 1855 as superintendent at West Point , after which he became colonel of the 2nd U.S. Cavalry and served in the Southwest until shortly before the outbreak of the Civil War .
Lee was offered but rejected a top command in the Union army and resigned when Virginia seceded .
On June 1 , 1862 , he replaced wounded General Joseph E. Johnston and took command of the Army of Northern Virginia .
The Civil War - Lee became one of those rare generals who thought strategically , broadly designed his tactics , and took chances .
He understood the generals of the North better than those generals understood themselves .
He came up with the strategy for Major General Thomas J. " Stonewall : Jackson 's Shenandoah Valley Campaign during the spring of 1862 , making Jackson the most celebrated officer in the Confederacy - until he was later eclipsed by Lee .
In late June , Lee 's smaller force bluffed Major General George B. McClellan 's army into withdrawing , and two months later Lee outmaneuvered Major General John Pope and defeated the Army of Virginia at the Second Battle of Bull Run on August 29 - 30 .
On September 17 , with a force half the size of McClellan 's Army of the Potomac , Lee repulsed the Federals in a drawn battle at Antietam .
After President Lincoln replaced McClellan with Major General Ambrose Burnside , Lee bloodied the massive Union army on December 13 at Fredericksburg .
Lee 's aggressive instincts were never more evident than at Chancellorsville .
He ignored the maxims of warfare , divided his much smaller force , and on May 2 - 4 , 1863 , decimated the right flank of the Army of the Potomac with a surprise attack .
But his greatest mistake occurred on July 1 - 3 at Gettysburg , when he was overly aggressive at a time when he should have fought defensively .
He admitted the error and withdrew into Virginia .
By 1864 many of Lee 's best officers had been killed and there were no more soldiers to replace those who'd been lost in battle .
Forced to fight defensively , Lee held off Grant 's offensive in the Battle of the Wilderness on ay5 - 6 , at Spotsylvania on May 8 - 12 , and repulsed the Union assault at Cold Harbor on June 3 .
Those battles cost Grant a third of his men , but Lee could n't withstand the pressure and withdrew to Petersburg 's trenches .
It took Grant eight months to flush Lee out of Petersburg and force his surrender on April 9 , 1865 , at Appomattox Court House .
What Made Him Great ?
Lee 's men adored him .
In victory and defeat , they witnessed his great strength of character , his high sense of duty , and his humility and selflessness .
Even Northerners accepted Lee as the greatest general of the Civil War .
4. ULYSSES S. GRANT ( 1822 -85 )
Born Hiram Ulysses at Point Pleasant , Ohio , the future general grew up on his father 's farm .
In 1839 he entered West Point and found himself listed by his middle name and his mother 's maiden name .
On that day he became Ulysses Simpson Grant , which in later years became " U.S. " Grant and " unconditional Surrender " Grant .
In 1843 he graduated 21st in a class of 39 and became a second lieutenant in the 4th Infantry .
The Mexican - American War -During the Mexican - American War , Grant distinguished himself while serving under General Zachary Taylor in Texas and later under General Winfield Scott in Mexico , where he received two brevets ( commissions of higher rank ) for gallantry .
Grant enjoyed fighting , but he found n pleasure in the peacetime army .
In July 1854 , he resigned as captain from a dismal post in Oregon and returned to his family in Missouri , where for six years he tried without much success to scratch out a living on the family farm .
The Civil War -Grant Reemerged in June 1861 as colonel of the 21st Illinois Infantry .
Promoted to brigadier general in August , Grant ran his own campaigns and on February 6 , 1862 , seized Fort Henry on the Tennessee River and 10 days later demanded the " unconditional surrender " of Fort Donelson .
In April , after first being surprised by a Confederate attack at Shiloh , he repulsed the enemy .
Privately , he feuded with Major General Henry W. Halleck and was accused of drunkenness , but redeemed himself on July 4 , 1863 , by capturing Vicksburg .
When men like Halleck questioned Grant 's ability , Lincoln countered with a brisk rejoinder , replying , " I can't lose him .
He fights . "
After Vicksburg , Grant 's stature as a fighting general bloomed .
When Major General William S. Rosecrans 's army was bottled up at Chattanooga , Grant took charge , broke the siege , and drove the Confederates into Georgia .
Lincoln rewarded Grant with a promotion to lieutenant general and made him general - in - chief of the armies .
Instead of establishing an office in Washington , Grant took the field with the struggling Army of the Potomac .
With characteristic doggedness , he drove General Robert E. Lee 's Army of Northern Virginia to its final defeat at Appomattox on April 9 , 1865 .
What Made Him Great ?
Though the point is still argued , Grant was an effective strategist .
He made mistakes and learned from them .
His drive and resolution made him a first - class general .
Grant 's postwar popularity earned him the presidency in 1869 , but he was a warrior , never a good businessman or a politician .
In fact , his hapless presidency was marked by the corruption of unworthy appointees he trusted .
5. JOHN J. PERSHING ( 1860 - 1948 )
Pershing grew up on a farm in Laclede , Missouri , and displayed a high level of intelligence as a child .
He taught school for four years before getting an appointment to West Point in 1882 .
The Indian Wars - Commissioned a second lieutenant in the 6th Cavalry Regiment in June 1886 , he served in the West during the Indian wars .
In 1895 he commanded the famous African American Buffalo Soldiers , which is where he got the nickname " Black Jack . "
The Spanish - and Philippine - American Wars - During the Spanish - American War , he served with the 10th Cavalry at San Juan Hill , and he also commanded troops in the Philippine - American War from 1899 to 1901 .
He went wherever he could find action and eventually returned to San Francisco in 1914 to take command of the 8th Infantry Brigade .
The Mexican War - When the Mexican civil war of 1914 spread across the border , Pershing led a 4,800 - man brigade and for 10 months unsuccessfully pursued Pancho Villa 's forces into Mexico , and experience that prepared him for his next move - and a big one .
World War I - In 1917 , after a short interview , President Woodrow Wilson decided that Pershing would command the American Expeditionary Force ( AEF ) in Europe .
Pershing arrived in France on June 23 to begin a massive buildup of U.S. forces .
When France demanded that American units fight under French field commanders , Pershing refused .
He preserved the AEF as an independent fighting force and directed three major offensives in 1918 : Aisne - Marne from July 25 to August 2 , Saint - Mihiel from September 12 to 19 , and the final Meuse - Argonne offensive on September 26 to November 11 .
Pershing did n't use the same tactics employed by the French , which , after four years of war , had failed to dislodge the enemy .
Trench warfare created enormous casualties .
Taking a page from Robert E. Lee 's playbook , Pershing operated on the flanks of the enemy .
He was also the first to use air power to soften up fortified positions by bombing instead of relying entirely on artillery .
While the French and British thought the war could be won by 1919 or 1920 , Pershing said the AEF would end the war in 1918 - and they did .
His appointment as General of the Armies of the United States in July 1919 made him the first and only general to receive the rank in his own lifetime .
He avoided politics and served for two years as chief of staff , retiring in 1924 .
He is seldom remembered because the AEF did n't contribute to major European campaigns until 1918 .
What Made Him Great ?
Like Lee and Grant , Pershing took the field with his men and was recognized for his personal bravery .
A strict disciplinarian , he was also cold , distant , and demanding , which many of his subordinates disliked - but he was also fair , just , and tenacious , virtues that his detractors overlooked .
Had any other general been sent to France to command the AEF , American units would probably have been propelled into the French army to fight poorly conducted battles under generals using ineffective tactics .
6. DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER ( 1890 - 1969 )
" Ike " was born in Denison , Texas , and grew up in Abilene , Kansas .
He graduated from West Point in 1915 , and played football there .
Unlike most officers , Eisenhower rarely served in the field .
After performing a variety of training duties during World War I , he graduated at the top of his class from the Command and General Staff School in 1926 and from the Army War College in 1928 .
He was on General Douglas MacArthur 's staff from 1933 to 1939 , and in September 1941 he received a promotion to brigadier general while serving as chief of staff to the 3rd Army .
Attached to the Army War Plans Division from December 1941 to June 1942 , Eisenhower advanced to major general and was put in charge of U.S. forces in Europe .
World War II - Eisenhower assumed command of Operation Torch , the November 8 invasion of French North Africa , and the invasion of Tunisia one week later .
It took Allied forces six months to drive the German and Italian armies out of Africa .
On July 9 , 1943 , Eisenhower commanded the invasion of Sicily .
Once the Allies secured a strong holding position in Italy , President Franklin D. Roosevelt moved Eisenhower to England to plan the cross-channel invasion of France .
Appointed Supreme Commander of the Allied Expeditionary Force , Eisenhower directed Operation Overlord , the Allied amphibious assault on Normandy , France , on June 6 , 1944 .
It was at this point that Eisenhower 's role became extremely political : he had to placate Great Britain and the other Allies while making decisions regarding the war in Europe .
He also had problems with some of his generals and made political concessions that produced poor results .
Yet he made extremely sound decisions when reacting to setbacks , such as the German Ardennes offensive ( Battle of the Bulge ) from December 1944 to January 1945 .
When the Allied offensive resumed in February , he planned and implemented the crossing of the Rhine and the push into Germany .
After Germany 's surrender on May 7 - 8 , 1945 , Eisenhower commanded the Allied occupation forces until November .
He returned home and replaced General George C. Marshall as chief of staff , the highest - ranking officer in the U.S. Army .
What Made Him Great ?
Eisenhower became a man of exceptional ability .
He retired in February 1948 to become president of Columbia University , but in December 1950 President Harry S. Truman made him the first supreme commander of NATO .
Eisenhower retired again in 1952 , ran for president , and won .
Part of his foreign policy was to protect Middle Eastern countries from Soviet aggression and to avoid getting the United States involved in countries like Vietnam .
7. DOUGLAS MacARTHUR ( 1880 - 1964 )
MacArthur was the son of Medal of Honor recipient Lieutenant General Arthur MacArthur Jr. , and followed in his father 's footsteps .
He graduated from West Point in 1903 , first in his class , and began his career serving under his father in the Philippines .
During World War I , he went to France and commanded a brigade at Saint - Mihiel and a division during the Meuse - Argonne campaign .
After the war , he returned to the Philippines as a major general .
He retired from the Army in August 1936 to become the Philippine government 's field marshal .
As war with Japan became imminent , President Roosevelt reinstated MacArthur as a lieutenant general commanding U.S. forces in the Far East .
World War II - Though he was warned repeatedly that the Philippines could be struck by Japan , and was provided with B - 17 bombers to defend against an attack , MacArthur believed the islands would not be invaded before the spring of 1942 .
This miscalculation led to faulty vigilance and would have resulted in the removal of any other commander but MacArthur .
Instead , he was ordered to Australia to stem the Japanese advance , awarded the Medal of Honor for the defense of the Philippines , and became the supreme commander of Allied forces in the Southwest Pacific .
Always a superb strategist , MacArthur stopped the Japanese drive on New Guinea and recovered western New Britain .
In November 1942 he began leap - frogging forces along the northern coast of New Guinea to Morotai in the Molucca Islands , which reopened the way to the Philippines .
On October 20 , 1944 , he led the invasion of Leyte , fulfilling his promise to return to the Philippines .
President Roosevelt raised MacArthur to general of the armies and put him in charge of planning the invasion of Japan , which was preempted by Japan 's surrender .
MacArthur remained in Tokyo as supreme commander of the occupation forces and administered the defeated country with benevolence .
He was still there when North Korea invaded South Korea in June 1950 .
The Korean War - As supreme commander of United Nations forces in Korea , MacArthur conceived one of the greatest double envelopments in military history .
Using a force strong enough to hold a perimeter in the southeastern corner of Korea , he sent a strong amphibious force to assault Inchon in the northwestern corner of the country .
The resulting " pincers " movement virtually destroyed the North Korean army .
He followed this brilliant move and stepped on the toes of Communist China .
Neither President Truman nor the United Nations wanted China drawn into the Korean War , but MacArthur , mainly from arrogance , allowed it to happen .
After he was recalled to the United States and replaced by Lieutenant General Matthew Ridgway , MacArthur retired .
What Made Him Great ?
Though egotistical and controversial , MacArthur was nevertheless one of the greatest generals of World War II and of history .
His amphibious campaigns were masterpieces of strategy and boldness , and were noted for their efficiency and low casualty rates .
Despite his flamboyance , MacArthur cared for his men and believed thorough planning would save lives - and it did .
8. GEORGE S. PATTON ( 1885 - 1945 )
Patton was descended from an old Virginia military family but was born in San Gabriel , california .
He attended the Virginia Military Institute and went on to West Point , graduating in 1909 .
After placing fifth in the modern pentathlon at the 1912 Olympics , Patton joined the cavalry when men still rode horses , and he never left the branch after it became mechanized .
He learned a great deal about fighting while serving under General John J. Pershing , and during World War I he organized and led the 1st Tank Brigade during the Saint - Mihiel and Meuse - Argonna campaigns late in 1918 .
During the postwar years , Patton spread his time between studying and advancing tank technology ( a series of tanks were named for him ) , serving on the general staff , and attending the Army War College .
By April 1941 he had risen in the ranks to major general and was in command of the 2nd Armored Division .
By then , Patton had earned the reputation of having a uniquely gifted military mind , immense energy , and a penchant for being blunt .
World War II - Patton participated in the planning of Operation Torch and in November 1942 commanded the landings in French Morocco .
He replaced Major General Lloyd Fredendall following the defeat at Kasserine Pass on march 3 , 1943 , and assumed command of the 2nd Army Corps .
Temporarily relieved of duty after a minor quarrel with the British , Patton subsequently took command of the 1st Armored Corps , which later became the 7th Army .
His brilliant campaign in Sicily during July and August of 1943 was overshadowed by a highly - publicized face - slapping incident in a hospital on August 3rd .
Patton despised cowardice , and when he found a soldier skulking in a hospital bed with no evidence of an injury , he called him a " damned coward " and slapped his face in the presence of reporters .
After the incident made national news , General Eisenhower brought Patton to England and tried to keep him out of trouble until the Normandy campaign .
Patton sulked for five months before Eisenhower gave him command of the newly formed 3rd Army .
He landed in France on July 6 , 1944 , broke out of Normandy with his tanks , advanced east across France , wheeled suddenly north , and struck the flank of the German army .
When the German Ardennes offensive in December 1944 threatened to swallow up a surrounded American division at Bastogne , Patton pushed the 3rd Army through mud and snow and relieved Bastogne on december 26 , 1944 .
He pressed on to the Rhine under stiff resistance , crossded it on March 22nd , and pushed through central Germany into Bavaria .
By May 8 , when Germany surrendered , his spearheads had reached into Czechoslovakia .
Now without a war to fight , Patton 's inappropriate political comments once again put him at odds with Eisenhower .
Removed from command of the 3rd Army , Patton moved to the 15th Army , which had few troops and existed mainly on paper .
With one day to go before his return to the United States , a car he was riding in was hit by a truck .
Patton was paralyzed from the neck down and died less than two weeks later .
What made him great ?
Like many field commanders , Patton was a warrior and not a politician .
His tactics were brilliant .
By any measure , he became America 's greatest leader of heavy - armor forces , as well of one of America 's outstanding field commanders .
9. MATTHEW B. RIDGWAY ( 1895 - 1993 )
Best known for saving the UN effort in the Korean War , Ridgway was also a celebrated leader in World War II .
He was born at Fort Monroe , Virginia , and graduated from West Point in 1917 .
During World War I , Ridgway served with the 3rd Infantry Regiment but did not go overseas .
During the postwar years , the army sent Ridgway to China and the Philippines .
He periodically returned stateside to attend high - level military training .
In December 1941 he joined the 82nd Infantry Division , which he later commanded as the 82nd Airborne , one of the army 's new airborne divisions .
In early 1943 Major General Ridgway brought the division to the Mediterranean and on July 9 - 10 made the first American airborne assault on Sicily .
He led elements of the division during the September 9 amphibious assault on Salerno .
On D- day , June 6 , 1944 , he parachuted into France with his troops .
In August he moved up to command the 18th Airborne Corps , which consisted of the 82nd and 101st Airborne Divisions , and led his men in the airborne assault at Arnhem on September 17 .
He played a major role in stemming the German Ardennes offensive in December 1944 and later participated in the Rhineland and the Ruhr campaigns , during which he received his third star .
The Korean War -Ridgway 's greatest hour came during the Korean War , when the Joint Chiefs of Staff sent him to Korea to clean up MacArthur 's mess .
The Chinese had led MacArthur 's UN forces reeling back from the Manchurian border in December 1950 , recaptured the South Korean capital of Seoul , and threatened to drive US forces completely out of Korea .
Ridgway stopped the counteroffensive 75 miles south of Seoul and gradually reestablished control of the area , fighting his way back to the original border between the two Koreas .
For the next several months , he fought a battle of containment , forcing the enemy to throw hundreds of thousands of men into his stubborn mincing machine before agreeing to truce talks .
Ridgway 's strategy of containment became the adopted policy of the United States throughout the Cold War .
After serving briefly as Supreme Allied Commander in Europe , Ridgway returned to the United States in October 1953 to become the Army 's chief of staff during the Eisenhower administration .
Because of his personal policy of Communist containment , he probably kept the Unites States from becoming involved in the Vietnam War for ten years .
What Made Him Great ?
Ridgway did not believe in massive retaliation to Communist threats , but he did sanction " flexible response " , which is the strategy he followed that ended the Korean War .
With the exception of Vietnam , it is the same policy American presidents followed until the Iraq War in 2003 .
10 . H. NORMAN SCHWARZKOPF ( 1934 - )
Born in Trenton , New Jersey , Schwarzkopf was an army brat whose father served on both World Wars .
Like his father , he graduated from West Point , and in June 1956 he became a second lieutenant in the infantry .
Vietnam War- The man who became known as " Stormin ' Norman " served two tours in Vietnam , first as an advisor to the South Vietnamese in 1965 and later as commander of the 23rd Infantry Division , where he earned the first of three Silver Stars and Two Purple Hearts Promoted to colonel , he returned to the United States in a body cast due to war injuries .
After reaching home , Schwarzkopf was shocked by the public 's hostility to the war and considered resigning .
He privately blamed the government for becoming involved in a war with unclear objectives and a misconceived strategy .
Between the Wars - Schwarzkopf remained in the army and for the next twenty years worked his way up the ladder by commanding the 172nd Brigade in Alaska and the 1st Brigade , 9th Infantry Division at Fort Lewis , Washington .
After serving as deputy director of plans for the Pacific command in 1978 - 80 , he eventually became a major general and commanded the 24th Mechanized Infantry Division at Fort Stewart , Georgia .
He returned to Fort Lewis in 1986 as a lieutenant general and took command of the 1st Corps .
With his elevation the U.S. Central Command in 1988 , he was responsible for planning Desert Shield , which became Desert Storm in January 1991 , the ousting of Iraqi forces from Kuwait .
Desert Storm - In this capacity Schwarzkopf planned , organized , and executed the largest U.S. mechanized combat operation since 1945 .
Between August 1990 and and January 1991 , he assembled 765,000 troops - of which 541,000 were American - from 28 countries , hundreds of ships , and thousands of tanks and aircraft .
When a six - week aerial bombardment failed to bring Saddam , Hussein to the negotiating table , Schwarzkopf drew Iraqi forces out of position with a fake amphibious landing and performed what he termed an " end run " around Iraq 's vaunted Republican Guard .
He cut the enemy 's communications , destroyed their supply lines , and in 1090 days forced Saddam to adopt a cease - fire .
Total U.S. casualties were 293 killed and 467 wounded .
Schwarzkopf could have marched into Baghdad with little resistance , and he expressed a willingness to do so .
But UN resolutions did not include the capture of Iraq , so Schwarzkopf stood down .
Somewhat annoyed by not finishing the job , he retired from the Army in 1992 .
What Made Him Great ?
Schwarzkopf executed a classic campaign and left no messes within the scope of his task .
He understood his orders and performed them with few casualties and received much praise from the world community .
__________
The article above is reprinted with permission from Uncle John 's Bathroom Reader Salutes the Armed Forces .
Since 1988 , the Bathroom Reader Institute had published a series of popular books containing irresistible bits of trivia and obscure yet fascinating facts .
If you like Neatorama , you 'll love the Bathroom Reader Institute 's books - go ahead and check 'em out !
Although making paper is a common enough activity , making paper at home is not because few are familiar with the techniques involved .
As a calligrapher , I was initially drawn to making my own paper so that I would be able to practice my art on interesting and unusual " canvas . "
I 'd never realized how simple the process actually is .
You probably have most of the equipment already ; what you do n't have you can make .
Also , in addition to creating beautiful stationery , I take pride in knowing that I 'm helping to reduce waste in our throwaway society .
Recycled - paper pulp can be made from tissues , computer paper , photocopier paper , wrapping paper , brown paper , note paper , or envelopes — all used on their own or in combination .
Tear the paper into pieces measuring approximately one inch square and soak in water overnight .
The better the quality of the paper , the smaller you need to tear the pieces and the longer you need to soak them .
For example , tissues can be torn into quite large pieces and soaked for only 30 minutes , while watercolor paper needs to be torn into pieces less than one inch square and soaked for two or three days .
If you 're in a hurry , pour boiling water over the torn paper and allow it to stand for an hour or two .
Place a small handful of wet , torn paper and two cups of water in a blender and blend for 15 to 30 seconds .
( Thick cardboard or quality papers will take longer . )
After a while , experience will tell you how long to blend different kinds of paper .
Remember when first starting out , blend paper for the shortest possible time — just long enough for the fibers to separate .
Stop the machine after 15 seconds and check ; if there are still large pieces of paper visible , allow another 10 seconds and check again .
If the pulp is too thick , add more water ; do not dilute it too much or you will produce fine , fragile sheets that are difficult to work with .
Do n't worry about little bits that do not break down entirely ; they will add character to your finished product .
If you do n't have a blender , beat the soaked paper strips into pulp by pounding them in a bucket with a thick stick or bottle filled with water .
Although pounding the pulp is historically more authentic than using electric appliances , be forewarned : it is hard , time - consuming work .
After blending the pulp , pour it into a bucket or large plastic bottle until you have enough for several sheets .
Figure that one load in the blender will make one thin sheet of 8 1/2 " x 11 " paper .
A two - gallon bucket of pulp will make 20 to 25 sheets .
From Pulp to Paper
Pour three quarts of pulp into a vat ( a square plastic dishpan with a capacity of about five gallons of water ) and add cold water up to three inches from the top .
Then stir the pulp gently with your hand or a wooden spoon .
( Do this before forming each sheet to prevent the pulp from settling on the bottom . )
Dampen the mesh on your mold ( see " Build a Mold & Deckle " at the end of this article ) before forming your first sheet .
Facing the vat , hold the mold with both hands by the short sides and lower vertically into the far side of the vat .
Then tilt the mold gently towards you until it is lying horizontally , about two inches below the surface of the water .
Be careful not to bump the sides of the vat with the mold , which can cause ridges .
Gradually lift the mold , holding it level , and allow it to drain over the vat for about 15 seconds , until most of the water has drained away .
Then tilt it slightly to drain for another 10 seconds .
If you have two molds , you can put one aside to drain while you form another sheet with the other .
( After every two or three sheets , add another quart of pulp to the vat . )
Next , hold the deckle against the mold with your thumbs on top and fingers underneath as you immerse both frames in the vat .
As they clear the surface — but before the water drains away — lift them out of the vat .
Give the mold and deckle a gentle shake backwards , forwards , and sideways to disperse the fibers .
Be sure to move from your shoulders , not just the wrist ) .
Then drain the wet sheet for about 30 seconds before removing the deckle gently .
Do not to let any drops fall on the wet sheet — they will leave water marks .
At this point , you have two drying options .
The first and easier method is to simply tilt the frame on its side and leave it outside to dry .
On a windy or sunny day , the paper will dry within a couple of hours .
In sunny weather , and with two molds in operation , it 's possible to make up to 112 sheets a day using this method .
Be careful of strong winds , however , which can topple the mold and ruin your paper .
To prevent this , lean the mold against a flower pot in a sunny location , using a brick or heavy stone placed at the base of it to hold it firm .
Another potential disaster is rain , which can create gaping holes .
And do n't leave your paper outside overnight when small creatures may get to it .
To remove the paper from the mold , slide a sharp knife under a corner of the paper and work it along the top edge in order to loosen it .
Then gently peel off the paper .
To press , leave paper in a heavy book for a week .
Method 2 : The Couching Technique
Your other option is to " couch " ( or lay down ) the paper onto wet felt ( felt is available at fabric stores ) .
First , create a small pile of five to six wet pieces of felt to form a soft pad .
( Without this pad , your paper may form badly . )
A wet folded towel or wet piece of carpet pad may also be placed underneath the pad of felts in order to create even more of a cushion .
Next , rest the mold with the long left - hand side of the frame against the right - hand side of the felt , pulp facing left .
Hold the mold vertically ( your left hand should be holding the raised left side of the frame ) .
Using both hands and a gentle rocking motion , lower the mold ( pulp against the felt ) down flat on the felt with your left hand , and lift it up with the right .
While the motion should be smooth , the pressure should be sufficient enough to transfer the wet pulp onto the felt .
Press the mold firmly if this is your first time ; with practice you 'll be able to do this in one smooth movement .
If your first sheet is n't successful , just place another wet felt onto the first sheet of paper and couch a second sheet onto this .
- Advertisement -
Continue this process until you have a substantial pile of felts and paper .
After you 've created a pile of 10 or so sheets of paper , feel free to remove the towel or carpet .
Then keep piling the felts until you have anywhere between 20 and 50 of them .
Now it 's time to press .
The simplest way to press a pile of felts is to sandwich them between two boards and stand on the pile for 10 minutes .
Then , for even further pressing , stack bricks or a bucket of water on the board and let sit for a few hours .
When you return , take out your pile and place on a flat surface .
Peel away the top felt in order to reveal the first wet sheet of paper .
Separate each felt ( with its wet sheet ) from the one below .
Peel them apart carefully , gently lifting a corner without lifting the sheet below .
Go slow .
Then hang your couched paper indoors on a drying rack or clothesline with clothespins to dry .
Once dry , remove the paper from the felt by sliding a sharp knife under a corner of the paper and working the knife along the top edge to loosen .
Turn the felt over so the paper is face down ( on a clean , dry surface ) and gently peel the felt away .
Press the paper in a heavy book for one week .
Storing Extra Pulp
Newly made or leftover pulp can be stored in sealed bottles or buckets for up to a few weeks .
Pour pulp through a drainage bag , stocking , or colander lined with mesh , rinse well under running water , and return it back to its container slightly diluted .
Experience will tell you which consistency works best , but a general rule of thumb is to dilute one cup of wet , drained pulp with one to two cups of water .
If the pulp is still too thick , dilute it even more so that your sheets wo n't end up lumpy .
If after a week or so your pulp starts to smell badly , add one teaspoon of household bleach for each two quarts of pulp .
Before using the pulp again , however , make sure that you give it a good , thorough rinsing .
For longer storage , some recommend draining and then freezing excess pulp .
Others ( myself included ) suggest draining the excess pulp through mesh and then storing it in the refrigerator in a sealed plastic bag .
For indefinite storage , drain pulp through a stocking and hang to dry .
When you need some , simply break off pieces , soak them in water for an hour , and blend again .
Build a Mold and Deckle
The mold is nothing more than a simple , durable wood frame .
To make one , nail or glue at the corners two pieces of 13 " - long wood ( the sides ) with two 8 1/2 " - long pieces of wood ( the top and bottom ) .
Strips of wood should measure 1 " x 2 " in thickness , and the inside area of the frame should be 8 1/2 " x 11 " .
You can further reinforce the corners with brass L - shaped braces .
Cover the frame with mesh stretched as taut as possible and then pin or nail to the frame .
Materials that can be used as mesh include : net curtaining , fiberglass window screening , plastic cross - stitch fabric , silk - screen mesh , or any porous fabric with a fine gauge .
If using fabric , wet it before stretching so that it wo n't sag when placed in water .
The deckle is a removable , open frame that rests on top of the mesh and contains the pulp within the surface area of the screen .
It is the same size as the mold and determines the size of the sheet of paper to be formed .
If a deckle is not used , the paper formed will be thinner and the edge more irregular .
For a simple but perfectly adequate deckle , make a second frame identical to the mold , but only one inch deep .
Omit the mesh .
Editor 's Note : Reprinted with permission from Making Your Own Paper : An Introduction to Creative Paper - Making by Marianne Saddington .
Copyright © New Holland Ltd. Published by Storey Communications .
The National Association of Social Workers in Washington , DC , is the largest membership organization of professional social workers in the United States .
It has a network of Chapters in all 50 states , plus the District of Columbia , Guam , Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands .
NASW seeks to enhance the well - being of individuals , families and communities by promoting , developing and protecting the practice of social work and social workers .
Although Adobe Flash is already installed on virtually every computer , Google has announced that all downloads of its Chrome web browser will now include the plug-in .
Rumored since Monday , Google ’s blog post on the partnership adds a few details about what we can expect from the integration .
One of the key benefits to Chrome users will be that they receive automatic updates of new versions of Flash without a separate download .
Google goes on to say that “ improving the traditional browser plug - in model will make it possible for plug-ins to be just as fast , stable , and secure as the browser ’s HTML and JavaScript engines . ”
As we noted yesterday , that ’s a different stance than Apple , who continues to leave Flash out of its plans , specifically for iPhone and iPad .
With Chrome continuing to add market share — at the expense of everyone else — it ’s a big symbolic win for Adobe , even if it does n’t necessarily mean a ton of more users ( though , it does mean the company will be able to push its upgrades to millions of users in real - time ) .
The key word to remember is " separatory funnel " and the plastic bag will be a disposable sep funnel .
The key word to remember is " separatory funnel " and the plastic bag will be a disposable sep funnel .
Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat and then allow it to just simmer very lightly for about 5 minutes .
Stir while the butter melts to break up the proteinaceous clumps .
Simmering lightly will ultra- pasteurize the butter and will thoroughly liquefy the butter and allow the water and white protein components to sink to the bottom , the fluffy protein layer to float to the top and the butter fats to be in the middle .
Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat and then allow it to just simmer very lightly for about 5 minutes .
Stir while the butter melts to break up the proteinaceous clumps .
Simmering lightly will ultra- pasteurize the butter and will thoroughly liquefy the butter and allow the water and white protein components to sink to the bottom , the fluffy protein layer to float to the top and the butter fats to be in the middle .
Next , remove the saucepan from the heat and keep covered to keep out airborne bacteria and allow to cool until it reaches about 120 degrees , or is just a little too hot to comfortably hold .
It does not matter if water condenses on the saucepan lid while it is cooling .
Next , remove the saucepan from the heat and keep covered to keep out airborne bacteria and allow to cool until it reaches about 120 degrees , or is just a little too hot to comfortably hold .
It does not matter if water condenses on the saucepan lid while it is cooling .
When it reaches this temperature , carefully pour it into the plastic heavy duty freezer storage bag and zip it closed .
When it reaches this temperature , carefully pour it into the plastic heavy duty freezer storage bag and zip it closed .
While holding the bag upright , in a top corner of the bag , about 1.5 - in from the side and top , punch about a 1/8 - in hole through the bag with a pointy object like a carving fork , not a knife .
While holding the bag upright , in a top corner of the bag , about 1.5 - in from the side and top , punch about a 1/8 - in hole through the bag with a pointy object like a carving fork , not a knife .
Feed a length of butcher 's twine though the hole and tie the string to the bag .
Do not use a thin monofilament string that might tend to tear the plastic bag .
Take the other end of the string and tie it to the handle of a cabinet door so the lowest corner of the bag hangs about 6 - 12 inches over your kitchen counter where you will place your collection vessels .
( You could forego the string and tying it part , but you would have to have everything else very close at hand and would have to hold the liquid butter for the rest or the procedure - boring and not very appealing .
The heavy duty freezer bag and butcher 's twine will easily support this . )
Allow the bag to hang for 10 minutes .
Feed a length of butcher 's twine though the hole and tie the string to the bag .
Do not use a thin monofilament string that might tend to tear the plastic bag .
Take the other end of the string and tie it to the handle of a cabinet door so the lowest corner of the bag hangs about 6 - 12 inches over your kitchen counter where you will place your collection vessels .
( You could forego the string and tying it part , but you would have to have everything else very close at hand and would have to hold the liquid butter for the rest or the procedure - boring and not very appealing .
The heavy duty freezer bag and butcher 's twine will easily support this . )
Allow the bag to hang for 10 minutes .
You will see the butter separate into three fairly distinct layers as described above .
Once the layers are distinct , have the first bowl positioned beneath the lowest corner of the bag .
Then use the scissors ( not a knife - you need a clean cut ) to cut off the corner 1/8 - in of the bag and allow the watery component to slowly drain into the bowl .
If the flow is too slow , and it is clogging , snip off a tiny bit more .
It is ok for the corner tip of the bag to fall in because this is refuse .
You will see the butter separate into three fairly distinct layers as described above .
Once the layers are distinct , have the first bowl positioned beneath the lowest corner of the bag .
Then use the scissors ( not a knife - you need a clean cut ) to cut off the corner 1/8 - in of the bag and allow the watery component to slowly drain into the bowl .
If the flow is too slow , and it is clogging , snip off a tiny bit more .
It is ok for the corner tip of the bag to fall in because this is refuse .
Once the watery part is emptied , have your mason jar ready and just slide the bowl over and place the mason jar under the flow and catch your clarified butter .}?>
Once the watery part is emptied , have your mason jar ready and just slide the bowl over and place the mason jar under the flow and catch your clarified butter .}?>
Watch as the golden fatty component drains out , and , when the foamy white top layer is about to drain , slide the first bowl back under to collect the remainder of the fluid in the bag .
That 's it .
You have one bowl of refuse and one mason jar of clarified butter .
If you want to make it even purer , you can pour the clarified butter back into a clean pan and repeat , but unless you misjudge the flow as you collect it , this should not be necessary .
Watch as the golden fatty component drains out , and , when the foamy white top layer is about to drain , slide the first bowl back under to collect the remainder of the fluid in the bag .
That 's it .
You have one bowl of refuse and one mason jar of clarified butter .
If you want to make it even purer , you can pour the clarified butter back into a clean pan and repeat , but unless you misjudge the flow as you collect it , this should not be necessary .
If anything goes wrong on your first attempt , just collect the butter , re-heat and do it again .
Additional notes
Start by cutting a small drain hole in the corner of the bag .
If the flow is too slow , you can always cut the hole slightly larger .
It may be necessary to light tap the side of the bag as the butter is draining to unstick the material from the sides of the bag .
I have used this method for over twenty years .
GaryProtein is an avid contributor to discussions throughout Cooking For Engineers .}?>
If anything goes wrong on your first attempt , just collect the butter , re-heat and do it again .
Start by cutting a small drain hole in the corner of the bag .
If the flow is too slow , you can always cut the hole slightly larger .
It may be necessary to light tap the side of the bag as the butter is draining to unstick the material from the sides of the bag .
I have used this method for over twenty years .}?>
This method of making clarified butter uses basic utensils found in every kitchen and produces a high yield of very pure clarified butter that can be accomplished even by novice cooks on the first attempt .
There is no cheese cloth and no filtering .
This method is unorthodox for the kitchen , but is well at home in the organic chemistry laboratory .
Dan Savage reported about a tragic example of transgender hate from the same Mississippi high school that canceled prom for Constance McMillen , Itawamba Agricultural High School :
Juin Baize was a student at Itawamba Agricultural - - for a grand total of four hours .
Baize , his mother , and his two sisters moved to Fulton , Mississippi , from New Harmony , Indiana , to live with Baize 's grandmother at the beginning of the year .
( For now Baize says he prefers to use male pronouns . )
Baize , age sixteen , enrolled at Itwamba Agricultural High School , where Constance McMillen was also a student .
McMilllen clearly recalled Baize 's first -- and only - - day at Itawamba Agricultural .
" People were talking about him all day , trying to get a look at him , " said McMillen .
" It was insane , it was ridiculous , it made me so mad .
They said he was causing a distraction with what he was wearing but it was a half day of school and people did n't have time to get used to him . "
The other students would n't be given a chance to get used to him : the next time Baize came to school , according Kristy Bennett , legal director of the ACLU of Mississippi , Baize was given a suspension notice and sent home .
When Juin returned to school after his first suspension , he was suspended again .
" OK , I ’ll say it .
He ’s a dickhead , ’’ Mr Pallas told Radio 3AW .
However he drew the line at calling Webber the same .
" I think what Mark Webber has done has been totally irresponsible , but he did n’t display the behaviour that Lewis Hamilton did , and that put people lives at risk , ’’ Mr Pallas said .
Yesterday , Webber - from Queanbeyan , where a family was wiped out by a speeding car thief last week , said " ridiculous ’ ’ road rules were creating a nanny state and driving in Australia ‘‘ pisses me off ’ ’ .
Today , Deputy Commissioner Lay said some of Webber ’s fans were alive because of Victoria ’s aggressive approach to road safety .
‘‘ We ’ve got probably one of the best road safety track records in the world , so I make no apology for our aggressive approach , ’’ he told radio station 3AW .
‘‘ I think there ’s probably a few Lewis Hamilton and Mark Webber fans alive today because of our ‘ nanny state ’ approach ... I think Mark needs to take a bit of responsibility for the road safety message . ’’
He said many young drivers looked up to Webber and Hamilton and they should use that influence to spread the road safety message .
I think we 've got to read an instruction book when we get out of bed - what we can do and what we can't do ‘‘ I ’d much prefer Mark to be talking about keeping the speeding and the hooning on the race track and being a bit sensible on our roads , ’’ he said .
Webber said that , after his return from Europe he had been '' dodging the ridiculous speeding and parking [ rules ] and all the nanny - state country that we have down here in Australia ' ' .
The Red Bull driver said Britain 's formula one hope Lewis Hamilton had found out very quickly about what you can and cannot do on the roads in Victoria .
Hamilton had his Mercedes impounded on Friday night after being caught by police doing burnouts in St Kilda .
'' It 's a great country , but we 've got to be responsible for our actions and it 's certainly a bloody nanny state when it comes to what we can do , '' Webber said before yesterday 's race .
While the Australian was criticising the state 's road laws , Hamilton was apologising for his behaviour .
The police and the government were making no apologies for what appears to be a losing fight to keep the road toll down .
Transport Accident Commission Minister Tim Holding said : '' I do n't think anyone who has lost a loved one because of road trauma would think that Victoria 's anti-hoon laws are too harsh . ''
Victoria 's top traffic policeman , Deputy Commissioner Ken Lay , said the state was determined to crack down on hoon driving .
'' We have one of the safest road systems in the world and target aggressive driving and we make no apology for that , '' he said .
Premier John Brumby said the state had road rules for good reason , to ensure public safety and protect lives .
But Webber felt Australians increasingly were being tied up by rules .
'' I think we 've got to read an instruction book when we get out of bed - what we can do and what we can't do … put a yellow vest on and all that sort of stuff , '' he said .
Victoria 's road toll stands at 78 , compared with 67 for the same time last year .
'' Every day we 're getting a fatal , '' Mr Lay said , while warning that police would blitz roads in the lead - up to and over the Easter break .
He hoped to keep the annual road toll to under 300 but it was a tough task .
'' We are now on track for our worst road toll for more than five years , '' he said .
Opposition transport spokesman Terry Mulder said that the new viral ad campaign was at odds with the government ’s ‘‘ respect ’ ’ agenda .
‘‘ It makes an absolute mockery of John Brumby ’s ‘ respect ’ agenda .
It ’s hard enough now with teachers to get the message through to students . ’’
‘‘ If this is the message being sent by John Brumby ’s government - that it is OK to use that sort of language - how can a schoolteacher possibly argue it ’s not appropriate to use it in the classroom ? ’’
Loading ‘‘ I do n’t think I ’ve ever heard anything more appalling in my time as a member of Parliament , knowing what parents are trying to deal with on a day - to - day basis — trying to send positive messages to school children - and then the government sends out an appalling message like that .
Boy , have they got it wrong .’’ with Clay Lucas
Tehran , Iran ( CNN ) --
Iran is so powerful today that no country would dare attack it , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Sunday during an annual army parade .
" Iran 's army is so mighty today that no enemy can have a foul thought of invading Iran 's territory , " the Iranian leader said , according to state media .
" Of course , Iran is a friend and brother of regional and independent nations and it wants peace , progress and security for all countries , " Ahmadinejad said .
During the event near the mausoleum of the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini -- who ushered the Islamic Revolution into Iran more than 30 years ago -- several models of Iran 's medium - and long - range missiles , including the Shahab 3 , were on display .
Ahmadinejad has amped up his rhetoric against the West after not receiving an invitation to the nuclear summit hosted in Washington last week .
On Saturday , the Iranian president had a few choice words for the United States at Tehran 's own nuclear conference .
The hardline leader slammed Western powers for what he called hypocritical and dangerous policies that can only lead to nuclear proliferation , according to remarks broadcast on state - run Press TV .
He said the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency were ineffective because they were dominated by a few nations .
" The Security Council has openly turned into a tool for the implementation of the policies of a few bullying nations , " Ahmadinejad said .
" This group should act in a way where all independent countries and governments could have a say and a role in running the affairs of that group , " he said .
President Obama has been pressing the U.N. Security Council to slap Iran with tougher sanctions for its nuclear ambitions .
Iran says that its nuclear program is intended for civilian purposes .
Obama convened a 47 - nation nuclear summit last week that focused partly on persuading Iran 's reluctant trade partners like China to favor sanctions .
Ahmadinejad said he sent a letter to Obama earlier this week , telling his American counterpart that Iran was his only chance at success , the Islamic Republic News Agency reported .
The United States and its allies should abandon policies designed to dominate the oil - rich nations of the Middle East , Ahmadinejad said , adding that reliance on arms was a sign of a country without culture .
Iran , he said , is prepared to do all it can to counter nuclear weapons .
" One of the greatest treasons by those that monopolize nuclear weapons is to equalize nukes with nuclear energy , " Ahmadinejad said .
" The way to produce weapons is totally different than nuclear energy .
And they know these very well , but they plan to talk about both these things in their own monopolized way . "
Apparently , it ’s 30 years ago that Marks and Spencer ( a UK - based food , clothing and home goods retailer ) started selling pre-prepared sandwiches .
Other retail outlets followed suit , and the end result is that sandwiches now are the prime lunch fodder for workers up and down the land .
But do they represent prime fuel for those with jobs to do ?
Regular readers of this blog wo n’t be surprised to learn that I do n’t think so .
Sandwiches may be tasty ( often ) and convenient , but the problem for me is that they ’re based on bread .
To my mind , there are two fundamental issues with this food .
The first is that bread , even wholemeal bread , tends to release sugar relatively quickly into the bloodstream .
The peak of sugar this produces can provoke a flood of insulin from the pancreas .
This works to lower blood sugar levels , but a surge of this hormone can lead to lower - than - normal levels of sugar .
As a result , brain and body energy levels can flag in the mid-late afternoon .
And this tends to coincide with a natural lull in the body ’s alertness and energy levels at this time .
The end result is commonly reduced effectiveness .
Some can struggle to even stay awake .
Another symptom of low blood sugar is hunger – usually for sugary foods such as chocolate or confectionery .
The reason that some find themselves irresistibly drawn to such foods in the mid-late afternoon seems often linked to the sandwich they eat at lunch .
That surge of insulin after a sandwich has long - term implications too , as excesses of insulin predispose to a range of issues including weight gain , type 2 diabetes and heart disease .
The odd sarnie for lunch is unlikely to be too much of a issue .
But the reality is that many individuals eat this food lunch after lunch , week after week and month after month …
As a result , problems can mount up over time .
The other major problem with bread is that wheat – its usual major constituent – is a common cause of food sensitivity .
Wheat sensitivity can manifest in any number of ways but perhaps the two most common manifestations are abdominal bloating / discomfort ( wheat is a common provoking factor in irritable bowel syndrome , in my experience ) and fatigue .
For many people , eating wheat sucks the life out of them .
There ’s not been any research , to my knowledge , on the impact of sandwich - eating at lunch on productivity .
Nevertheless , my experience with countless individuals leads me to conclude that if someone is aiming to have a productive , energised afternoon , sandwiches make a far from ideal lunchtime food .
Alternatives include a hot ‘ primal ’ meal ( e.g. meat or fish plus vegetables ) , salad or soup ( preferably with meat in , to add sustenance and nutritional value ) .
I ’ve met a lot of people who initially balk at the idea of not eating sandwiches at lunch .
The usual problem here relates to hunger : many people allow themselves to get starving hungry before lunch , at which point eating bread becomes almost irresistible .
Those wishing to give sandwiches a miss at lunch generally do well to make sure they are not famished at this time .
A decent breakfast , perhaps with some nuts in the mid-late morning , will usually do the trick in this respect .
Another common complaint is that soup or salad will not ‘ last ’ until supper .
The truth is , sandwiches do not tend to last either .
However , the fact that soup and / or salad will only quell hunger until the late afternoon or early evening need not be an issue – there ’s no reason to avoid a healthy snack at this time to tide someone over to supper .
I ’ve witnessed over time what happens when individuals ditch sandwiches for lunch and switch to something more ‘ primal ’ : almost without exception they note tangible and lasting improvement in their energy and effectiveness , in the workplace or out .
Dr Briffa ’s new book – Waist Disposal – the Ultimate Fat Loss Manual for Men – is now available .
To learn more about the book click here .
To buy Waist Disposal from amazon.co.uk click here .
Last month , I attended the Conservative Political Action Conference , where I spent a lot of time talking about entitlement reform .
Entitlement costs , especially those related to health care , are exploding : over the next 25 years , federal spending on Medicare and Medicaid is expected to nearly double from about 5.3 % of GDP to 10 % , and will continue rising thereafter .
I kept repeating one message .
Any discussion of restraining federal taxation and maintaining the current size of government -- let alone shrinking it -- must start with entitlement reform that controls costs .
And that means making hard choices , like raising retirement ages and cutting benefits .
During the conference , I had a radio host ask me a revealing question , which I think demonstrates why many activists have failed to grasp the centrality of the entitlement issue .
He noted that private businesses respond to rising costs by innovating , or figuring out how to produce an equally good product by using fewer resources .
Ca n't we apply that approach to Social Security and Medicare ?
The answer , unfortunately , is " no " for Social Security and " only partly " for Medicare .
Because of the nature of entitlement programs , innovation and efficiency improvements can only play a limited role in controlling their costs .
Let 's start with Social Security , where innovation is essentially useless .
It 's hard to imagine a simpler government program than Social Security , which involves taking money from some people and sending it to other people .
No amount of innovation will allow the government to send out a $ 1,000 check at a cost below $ 1,000 .
And the Social Security Administration has little non-benefit fat to cut -- over 98 % of Social Security 's costs go to benefits , meaning opportunities for savings in overhead are severely limited .
The only ways to save real money on Social Security are to send out smaller checks or fewer checks .
One innovative proposal for Social Security -- private accounts -- is n't a money saver either .
Every payroll tax dollar moved to a private account is one that the government can't use to finance current operations -- and therefore a dollar that the government must now borrow in public markets .
The rise in government - issued debt would soak up exactly the amount of capital unleashed in accounts , and the economic effect would be a wash .
Of course , the government could cut other spending to avoid issuing more debt .
Rep. Paul Ryan 's Roadmap plan , which I profiled two weeks ago , couples private Social Security accounts with benefit cuts and increases in the retirement age .
But it 's the non-innovative components of Ryan 's plan that provide real savings : the CBO found that his plan would cut the deficit more if he scrapped privatization and kept his other Social Security reforms .
Innovation has a greater role to play in medical entitlement reform .
Unlike Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid involve the government funding services for beneficiaries -- and those services could be made more efficient .
For example , tort reform would likely lead to a modest reduction in health care costs .
Tax and insurance reforms to reduce incentives for health care overconsumption would also reduce the cost of care , and therefore Medicare costs .
The trouble is that these reforms can only fix some of the phenomena driving higher Medicare costs .
Three of the biggest cost increase drivers -- expensive new medical advances , flat medical productivity , and an aging population -- would be unaffected .
There is constant innovation in health care technology .
But the usual nature of these advances is to make available better care at greater cost -- not to offer the same or better care at lower cost .
Improvements in technology provide great social benefits and increase life expectancies , but they also increase costs .
We can also expect continued cost growth because medical innovation does not substantially increase health care workers ' output .
While mechanization has drastically reduced the number of autoworkers needed to make a car , it still takes approximately the same number of medical professionals to treat a patient as it did decades ago .
Flat productivity does not just mean flat labor costs .
In fact , labor costs must rise to keep pace with other fields that have seen productivity gains -- otherwise knowledge workers would flee the medical sector .
Therefore , medical costs rise relative to the cost of other goods and services .
This is a phenomenon of Baumol 's Cost Disease , where sectors that lag in productivity growth see cost increases above the inflation rate .
Other classic Baumol sectors include education ( technology does not help teachers handle more students , so tuition skyrockets ) and live performances ( it takes the same number of actors to stage Hamlet today as it did 400 years ago ) .
Government policy can't do much to change this phenomenon .
That 's a key reason why other advanced countries -- which historically have been much more successful than America in holding down health care consumption and costs -- are seeing similar percentage growth in health care costs .
Most importantly , demographics drive rising entitlement costs -- while Medicare 's eligibility age has been unchanged at 65 since 1967 , life expectancy at age 65 grew from 14.5 years in 1967 to 18.5 years in 2006 .
The Social Security Administration believes this figure could reach 20.5 years by 2035 , meaning the average Medicare beneficiary would live to age 85 .
Essentially , in 1967 , the average Medicare beneficiary could expect to spend 18 % of his or her life receiving Medicare benefits .
By 2006 , that figure was 22 % , and in 2035 ( assuming no change in the retirement age ) it will be 24 % .
There is only one way to restrain growth in this figure , unless you count sending the elderly out to die on ice floes as an option .
So , if innovation is n't the answer to exploding entitlement costs , what is ?
The answer is simple , but not easy : entitlements must be made sustainable through benefit cuts , tax increases , or a combination .
Benefit cuts can take the form of retirement age increases , means testing , and reduced rates of growth in benefit value .
On the Medicare side , cuts ' effects can be somewhat blunted through policy changes that reduce the cost of care .
Paul Ryan 's Roadmap plan combines all these approaches , but it may cut the value of Medicare benefits below a level that is acceptable to the public -- and it still takes 40 years to cut the federal budget deficit below 2 % of GDP .
On the tax side , potential revenue sources include increases in payroll or income tax , elimination of tax deductions , and introduction of VAT .
Any increase in marginal tax rates will have negative economic effects , but some of these choices would be more damaging than others .
Tax increases specifically targeted at high - income people could raise some additional revenue ( at significant economic cost ) but would not be sufficient to close the gap .
Doing nothing is an option now , but not forever .
Staying on our current fiscal course will take the ratio of public debt to GDP over 100 % by the mid-2020s , putting us in a club with fiscal powerhouses like Greece and Italy .
Eventually , we will need to reckon with the entitlement monster , and " innovation " alone will not save us .
Yesterday , after ordering hospital visits rights to the partners of gay men and lesbians , president Obama called Janice Langbehn , a woman from Florida who in 2007 lost her partner for 18 years , Lisa Pond .
Lisa was stricken with a fatal brain aneurysm and Janice and their four adopted children , were not allowed seeing her .
Janice even had power of attorney for Pond , but it did n't help .
Pond died alone .
Apparently , the president read the story last year .
So last night he called Langbehn from Air Force
One to tell her about the new policy .
" I was so humbled that he would know Lisa 's name and know our story , " Langbehn told the NYT .
" He apologized for how we were treated .
For the last three years , that 's what I 've been asking the hospital to do .
Even now , three years later , they still refuse to apologize to the children and I for the fact that Lisa died alone . "
He apologized .
Like i was n't already sure that this is a great - great man .
Here 's a short and moving interview Janice Langbehn gave CNN last night .
*
*
*
*************************************************************************
*
*
*
And just to bring some smiles back , here 's the president mocking the Tea Party nonsense during a fundraiser in Miami last night .
" You 'd think they 'll thank me " . :)
*
It is hard to believe that a phrase as dry as “ epistemic closure ” could get anyone excited , but the term has sparked a heated argument among conservatives in recent weeks about their movement ’s intellectual health .
The phrase is being used as shorthand by some prominent conservatives for a kind of closed - mindedness in the movement , a development they see as debasing modern conservatism ’s proud intellectual history .
First used in this context by Julian Sanchez of the libertarian Cato Institute , the phrase “ epistemic closure ” has been ricocheting among conservative publications and blogs as a high - toned abbreviation for ideological intolerance and misinformation .
Conservative media , Mr. Sanchez wrote at juliansanchez.com — referring to outlets like Fox News and National Review and to talk - show stars like Rush Limbaugh , Mark R. Levin and Glenn Beck — have “ become worryingly untethered from reality as the impetus to satisfy the demand for red meat overtakes any motivation to report accurately . ”
( Mr. Sanchez said he probably fished “ epistemic closure ” out of his subconscious from an undergraduate course in philosophy , where it has a technical meaning in the realm of logic . )
As a result , he complained , many conservatives have developed a distorted sense of priorities and a tendency to engage in fantasy , like the belief that President Obama was not born in the United States or that the health care bill proposed establishing “ death panels . ”
Grab it on the App Store .
The Japan Food Addict app is here !
Mizuna is a Japanese vegetable , also called Japanese Mustard or California Peppergrass , which used for hotpots , salads , and pasta , among other things .
This is just a quick little side dish you can throw together , especially if you have some mizuna leftover from other recipe .
Yield : 2 servings Time : 5 minutes Ingredients 2.5 ounces mizuna ( chopped into 2 ″ pieces )
1.5 ounces bacon ( sliced small )
1 tsp soy sauce
dash salt Preparation Cook bacon in a pan until crispy ( 3 - 4 min ) Remove excess grease from the pan Add mizuna , soy sauce , and a dash of salt Serve !
JapanFoodAddict.com : Pork
OTTAWA–MPs have voted to put a stop to the practice of mailing taxpayer - funded political flyers to voters outside their own ridings .
In a surprisingly close result Tuesday , MPs passed a Liberal motion to scrap the so - called 10 - percenters by a vote of 140 - 137 .
New Democrats , who had argued in favour of retaining the right to communicate with voters all across the country , ended up supporting the motion , which included several other proposals aimed at saving the government more than $ 1 billion annually .
The Bloc Québécois also supported it while Conservatives , who 've made the most use of the mailouts , were opposed .
The controversial 10 - percenters – so named because MPs can send one - page flyers to distant voters in numbers equal to 10 per cent of the electors in their own ridings – are estimated to cost up to $ 10 million each year .
Unlike other opposition motions that the government can ignore , Liberals maintain Tuesday 's motion is binding .
It was worded as a directive to the Speaker of the House of Commons and the board of internal economy , which set the rules for MPs ' mailing privileges .
The flyers have been the source of considerable tension among the various parties over the last couple of years .
They 've been used increasingly to launch vicious partisan attacks against political opponents .
Olivia Judson on the influence of science and biology on modern life .
Being fat is bad for your brain .
That , at least , is the gloomy conclusion of several recent studies .
For example , one long - term study of more than 6,500 people in northern California found that those who were fat around the middle at age 40 were more likely to succumb to dementia in their 70s .
A long - term study in Sweden found that , compared to thinner people , those who were overweight in their 40s experienced a more rapid , and more pronounced , decline in brain function over the next several decades .
Consistent with this , the brains of obese people often show signs of damage .
One study of 60 healthy young adults ( in their 20s and 30s ) found that the fatter members of the group had significantly lower gray - matter densities in several brain regions , including those involved in the perception of taste and the regulation of eating behavior .
A study of 114 middle - aged people ( aged between 40 and 66 ) found that the obese tended to have smaller , more atrophied brains than thinner people ; other studies have found similar results .
Brains usually atrophy with age , but being obese appears to accelerate the process .
This is bad news : pronounced brain atrophy is a feature of dementia .
Why fatness should affect the brain in this way is not clear , although a host of culprits have been suggested .
A paper published this week in the early edition of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences has identified a gene that seems to be involved .
FTO , as the gene is known , appears to play a role in both body weight and brain function .
This gene comes in different versions ; one version — let ’s call it “ troublesome ” — appears to predispose people to obesity .
Individuals with two copies of the troublesome version tend to be fatter than those with only one copy of it , who in turn tend to be fatter than those with two copies of the “ regular ” version .
Now , the troublesome form has been linked to atrophy in several regions of the brain , including the frontal lobes , though how and why it has this effect remains unknown .
But genes are not the only guilty parties .
Obesity exacerbates problems like sleep apnea , which can result in the brain being starved of oxygen ; this can lead to brain damage .
Obesity often goes along with high blood pressure , heart disease and diabetes , all of which are bad for the brain in their own right .
Indeed , one study has shown that if , in middle age , you are obese and have high blood pressure , the two problems gang up on you , increasing the chances of your getting dementia in old age more than either one would do on its own .
Fat tissue itself may be a problem .
Fat cells secrete hormones like leptin ; leptin acts on the brain in a variety of ways , and is thought to play a role in the development of Alzheimer ’s .
Obesity may thus disrupt the normal production of leptin , with dangerous results .
Fat cells also secrete substances that cause inflammation ; chronic inflammation of the brain , which is often found in the obese , impairs learning and memory and is also a feature of Alzheimer’s .
Diet may play a role , too .
Studies in mice have shown that eating a very - high - fat diet increases brain inflammation and disrupts brain function .
And the onset of brain decay may itself play a part .
Since the regions of the brain most affected by obesity appear to be those involved in self - control and the regulation of appetite , erosion of these abilities may lead to greater obesity , which may lead to more rapid brain erosion , in a downward spiral .
Whatever the causes , the implications are grave .
In the United States today , around one - third of adults are obese .
At the same time , dementia is already one of the most costly and devastating health problems of old age .
The possibility that obesity today will lead to higher rates of dementia in the future is , therefore , deeply alarming .
The obvious question is : can obesity - associated brain damage be reversed ?
No one knows the answer , but I am hopeful that it can .
Those two old friends , a healthful diet and plenty of exercise , have repeatedly been shown to protect the brain .
Foods like oily fishes and blueberries have been shown to stimulate the growth of new neurons , for example .
Moreover , one study found that dieting reversed some of the changes to brain structure found among the obese .
Which suggests an interesting study .
The most effective — and radical — treatment for obesity is bariatric surgery , whereby the stomach is made much smaller or bypassed altogether .
Do people who have taken this option show a reversal , or at least a slowing , of brain atrophy ?
But whether you are fat or thin , young or old , the best hope you have of guarding your brain is to eat well and exercise .
Anyone seen my running shoes ?
Notes :
For fatness increasing dementia risk in Northern California , see Whitmer , R. A. et al. 2008 .
“ Central obesity and increased risk of dementia more than three decades later . ”
Neurology 71 : 1057 -1064 .
For fatness and cognitive decline in Sweden , see Dahl , A. et al. 2009 .
“ Being overweight in midlife is associated with lower cognitive ability and steeper cognitive decline in late life . ” Journal of Gerontology 65A : 57 -62 .
For obesity and the effects on gray matter in young adults , including the impact on areas involved in eating and taste , see Pannacciulli , N. et al. 2006 .
“ Brain abnormalities in human obesity : a voxel - based morphometric study . ”
NeuroImage 31 : 1419 -1425 .
For atrophy in the brains of fat middle - aged adults , see Ward , M. A. et al. 2005 .
“ The effect of body mass index on global brain volume in middle - aged adults : a cross sectional study . ”
BMC Neurology 5:23 .
For “ other studies with similar results ” , see Gunstad , J. et al. 2008 .
“ Relationship between body mass index and brain volume in healthy adults . ” International Journal of Neuroscience 118 : 1582-1593 ; and Raji , C. A. et al. 2010 .
“ Brain structure and obesity . ” Human Brain Mapping 31 : 353-364 .
( This last paper considered 94 older adults , and found that obese people had pronounced atrophy in particular brain regions rather than a general reduction in brain volume . )
For FTO and brain atrophy , see Ho , A. J. et al. 2010 .
“ A commonly carried allele of the obesity - related FTO gene is associated with reduced brain volume in the healthy elderly . ”
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA , published online ahead of print 19 April 2010 .
doi/10.1073/pnas.0910878107 .
For sleep apnea and brain injury , see Lim , D. C. and Veasey , S. C. 2010 .
“ Neural injury in sleep apnea . ” Current Neurology and Neuroscience Reports 10 : 47 -52 .
For high blood pressure and obesity ganging up to increase your risk of dementia , see Kivipelto , M. et al. 2005 .
“ Obesity and vascular risk factors at midlife and the risk of dementia and Alzheimer disease . ”
Archives of Neurology 62 : 1556-1560 .
For a general overview of how obesity can impact the brain , including a discussion of the possible role of leptin , see Bruce - Keller , A. J. , Keller , J. N. and Morrison , C. D. 2009 .
“ Obesity and vulnerability of the CNS . ” Biochimica et Biophysica Acta 1792 : 395-400 .
For fat cells producing factors that cause inflammation , see Lumeng , C. N. , Maillard , I. , and Saltiel , A. R. 2009 .
“ T - ing up inflammation in fat . ” Nature Medicine 15 : 846-847 .
For inflammation , impaired cognition , and Alzheimer ’s , see Wilson , C. J. , Finch , C. E. , and Cohen , H. J. 2002 .
“ Cytokines and cognition — the case for a head - to - toe inflammatory paradigm . ” Journal of the American Geriatrics Society 50 : 2041-2056 .
For mice eating a very - high - fat diet and having brain inflammation and cognitive impairment as a result , see Pistell , P. J. et al. 2010 .
“ Cognitive impairment following high fat diet consumption is associated with brain inflammation . ”
Journal of Neuroimmunology 219 : 25 -32 .
For current levels of obesity in the United States , see Flegal , K. M. et al. 2010 .
“ Prevalence and trends in obesity among US adults , 1999 - 2008 . ” Journal of the American Medical Association 303 : 235-241 .
For the devastating impact of dementia , see Ferri , C. P. et al. 2005 .
“ Global prevalence of dementia : a Delphi consensus study . ”
Lancet 366 : 2112-2117 .
For foods that stimulate the growth of neurons ( including blueberries and oily fishes ) see , for example , Stangl , D. and Thuret , S. 2009 .
“ Impact of diet on adult hippocampal neurogenesis . ” Genes and Nutrition 4 : 271-282 . See also Spencer , J. P. E. 2009 .
“ Nutrients and brain health : an overview . ” Genes and Nutrition 4 : 225-226 .
A wealth of studies have found that exercise protects the brain .
See , for example , the review by van Praag , H. 2009 .
“ Exercise and the brain : something to chew on . ” Trends in Neurosciences 32 : 283-290 .
( This paper also discusses the synergistic effects of exercise and a healthful diet . )
For dieting reversing some of the changes seen in the brains of the obese , see Haltia , L. T. et al. 2007 .
“ Brain white matter expansion in human obesity and the recovering effect of dieting . ” Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism 92 : 3278-3284 .
As far as I know , no one has investigated bariatric surgery and its impact on brain structure .
Many thanks to Jonathan Swire for insights , comments and suggestions .
Carbo gobbled them down .
He hit .310 for Cincinnati manager Sparky Anderson and was The Sporting News Rookie of the Year .
He would never do better .
“ When I came to the big leagues in 1970 with the Big Red Machine , the trainer told me , ‘ You need to take these vitamins , ’ ’’ Carbo said .
But Carbo ’s career opens a window to a time of widespread abuse of alcohol and drugs in baseball .
“ People remember me as an unsung hero , ’’ he said .
“ Grandparents and parents tell their kids . ’’
Carbo , who said he has n’t touched alcohol or drugs in 15 years , travels throughout New England every summer preaching at youth camps , 12 - step programs , prisons , and churches .
He uses the nominal money from his fantasy camp to pay expenses .
Carbo , who conducts a fantasy camp each year at Hank Aaron Stadium in Mobile , Ala. , that combines baseball and gospel , in 1993 founded the Diamond Club Ministry , a Christian evangelical organization .
He played for six major league teams in his 12 - year career , and he batted .264 with 96 home runs and 358 RBIs in 1,010 games .
But he was out of baseball by age 33 .
“ I played baseball 17 years of my life and I do n’t think I ever missed a day of being high , other than when I went to Saudi Arabia and Kuwait [ for a baseball clinic ] in 1989 .
And the only reason I did n’t do any drugs there was that I was afraid that I would lose my life . ’’
“ I played every game high , ’’ he said .
“ I was addicted to anything you could possibly be addicted to .
I played the out field sometimes where it looked like the stars were falling from the sky .
Drugs , alcohol , and temptation were his downfall .
“ I threw away my career , ’’ said Carbo , 62 .
“ If I knew Jesus Christ was my savior at 17 , I would have been one heck of a ballplayer , a near Hall of Famer .
Instead , I wanted to die . ’’
The Sox were four outs from elimination against Cincinnati ’s Big Red Machine in Game 6 when Carbo came off the bench to smash a three - run home run into the center - field bleachers , tying the score at 6 - 6 .
The blast set up Carlton Fisk ’s arm - waving , 12th - inning walkoff home run for the ages .
“ I probably smoked two joints , drank about three or four beers , got to the ballpark , took some [ amphetamines ] , took a pain pill , drank a cup of coffee , chewed some tobacco , had a cigarette , and got up to the plate and hit , ’’ Carbo said .
MOBILE , Ala . — Bernie Carbo launched the greatest pinch - hit home run in Red Sox history .
He admitted he was high on drugs during the 1975 World Series .
Another in an occasional series on memorable Boston sports figures who had their 15 minutes of fame .
Carbo was on the bench for most of it .
His old Cincinnati teammates were sympathetic .
Pitcher Clay Carroll inscribed a picture for him : “ Good luck in the World Series . ’’
But when Carbo blasted a pinch - hit homer off him in Game 3 at Cincinnati , Carbo returned later to find his locker ransacked .
In the 1975 Fall Classic , the Sox were underdogs against the Reds of Johnny Bench , Pete Rose , Joe Morgan , and Tony Perez .
“ Yaz said we were winning and hitting , ’’ said Carbo .
He had a giant stuffed gorilla named Mighty Joe Young and traveled with him .
The two were inseparable .
The gorilla sat next to him in the middle seat on planes .
Carl Yastrzemski wanted the gorilla placed on the bat rack in the dugout .
Carbo was one of the most popular Red Sox players .
Charismatic and colorful , he was part of the fun-loving “ Buffalo Heads ’ ’ with Bill Lee and Ferguson Jenkins .
“ When I first met [ Red Sox owner ] Mr. Yawkey , he was shining shoes in the clubhouse , ’’ said Carbo , “ and I went up to him and gave him $ 20 and told him to get me a cheeseburger and fries . ’’
The Sox acquired the lefthanded - hitting Carbo and Rick Wise in October 1973 from the Cardinals for Reggie Smith and Ken Tatum .
“ My mom said , ‘ We wo n’t ever talk about this , ’ ’’ he said .
Carbo said an older cousin sexually abused him when he was 9 years old .
All Bernie Carbo ever wanted to be was a baseball player .
He was born in Detroit , where his father played minor league ball and worked in the steel factories .
The elder Carbo was an adulterer and a batterer who never told his son he loved him .
“ I just started crying , ’’ he said .
“ I knew I needed help . ’’
There were a lot of lowlights .
In 1975 , Carbo awoke in a rain - soaked Chicago gutter at 5 a.m. with a car tire nearly touching his feet and another just inches from his head .
I was introduced to cocaine in 1973 .
So from 1973 - 80 , I was taking Dexedrine , Benzedrine , Darvons , sleeping pills , smoking dope , drinking beer , doing cocaine , and chasing women , and I never played a day without it . ’’
“ The Cincinnati organization trainer was giving me speed , so I never played a game without it , ’’ he said .
“ Then he started giving me pain pills .
Then when I could n’t sleep , he was giving me sleeping pills .
So I got to the point where I could n’t play without any of them .
“ I was introduced to marijuana in 1969 .
That was the beginning of the end , Carbo said .
In the offseason , he asked his doctor for more “ vitamins . ’’
“ My dad never called me , ’’ he said .
“ I sat there that night and I just cried . ’’
Late that evening , Carbo ’s joy was mixed with pain .
“ I rounded first base and I saw [ Cesar ] Geronimo going back , ’’ he said .
“ Rounding second , I knew it was gone and I ’m yelling to Pete Rose , ‘ Do n’t you wish you were this strong ? ’
And Pete is yelling back , ‘ Ain’t this fun , Bernie ?
This is what the World Series is about .
This is fun . ’ ’’
On the next pitch , Carbo guessed fastball and got all of it .
When Carbo tells the story , the fantasy campers get quiet .
“ Bench said after the game it looked like a Little Leaguer learning how to hit .
Pete Rose said it was the worst swing he ever saw . [ Don ]
Zimmer said he thought it was over .
Rico Petrocelli said it looked like a pitcher who hurt his arm , trying to make a comeback as a hitter . ’’
“ So I go into the batter ’s box .
I ai n’t ready to hit .
Next thing , strike one , strike two , ball one , ball two .
Then he threw me a cut fastball , a little slider and I took it right out of Bench ’s glove — the ball just dribbled out .
I step out and I ’m thinking , ‘ Aw man , I almost struck out .
I was lucky . ’
“ Darrell said , ‘ Well , go up and stand on the on - deck circle . ’
And they introduced me .
So I ’m still thinking Sparky will come out and take Rawly Eastwick out and go with Will McEnaney .
But the umpire says , ‘ C’mon , you ’ve been announced , you ’re hitting . ’ ’’
“ And I said , ‘ Hey , I ’m not going to hit .
Juan Beniquez , grab a bat , you ’re going to hit .
Sparky ’s going to go to the lefthander because Sparky goes by the book . ’
In the bottom of the eighth inning , there were two on and two outs .
With pitcher Roger Moret due up , Red Sox manager Darrell Johnson told Carbo to get ready .
“ I ’m sitting there and I ’m whittling this bat , ’’ he said .
“ I took a lathe and took all the polish off .
It ’s nice and smooth .
Rick
Wise is sitting next to me and says , ‘ You know , you ca n’t use that bat .
It does n’t have an emblem on it . ’
So as the game was going I took a magic marker and wrote ‘ Louisville Slugger ’ on it .
That ’s how I kept myself amused . ’’
He spent the early part of Game 6 working on his Louisville Slugger .
Game 6 was postoned three days because of rain .
Carbo did not take batting practice at Tufts University because he said he could n’t find it .
“ They told me Carroll was in here and just went crazy , ripping up the picture into little pieces , ’’ said Carbo .
Bottoming out The Red Sox acquired and shipped out Carbo twice .
The Red Sox acquired and shipped out Carbo twice .
“ When I played for the Boston Red Sox , it was the first time in my life the uniform meant something to me , ’’ said Carbo .
“ I loved the fans . ’’
When Yawkey died in 1976 , Carbo said he wept .
Meanwhile , Carbo was wearing down .
He said that in 1978 , new Sox owners Haywood Sullivan and Buddy LeRoux hired a private detective to follow him .
They did n’t have to look far for evidence of drug use .
Carbo was in the outfield at Fenway Park during batting practice , tossing baseballs into the bleachers to fans who threw him marijuana joints .
“ Baseball does n’t say , ‘ This guy ’s in trouble , let ’s get him into rehab , ’ ’’ he said .
“ They just trade you . ’’
Carbo was eventually sold to Cleveland in June 1978 .
The move prompted Lee to call the Sox “ gutless ’ ’ and stage a walkout .
“ I do n’t blame anybody but me , it ’s my loss , ’’ said Carbo .
But he said he was n’t the only one on that team doing drugs .
“ I ’m not mentioning names , ’’ he said .
“ [ But ] there were players in my room getting drugs and buying drugs from me that would not testify to the fact that they did drugs . ’’
His big league career ended in 1980 with the cocaine - racked Pittsburgh Pirates .
Carbo went to cosmetology school and opened a hairdressing salon .
In 1985 , in a federal drug distribution trial , former Cardinal Keith Hernandez said Carbo was the man who introduced him to cocaine in 1980 .
Carbo said he subsequently lost his house and his salon because of the bad publicity .
While playing in a senior league in St. Petersburg , Fla. , in 1989 - 90 , Carbo hit rock bottom .
His mother had committed suicide , his father died two months later , and his family was disintegrating .
He was spending $ 32,000 a month on drugs , mostly cocaine .
One day , at a hotel across the street from the ballpark , he staggered bleary - eyed to the swimming pool .
“ I wanted to drown , ’’ he said .
Dalton Jones , a member of the Red Sox 1967 Impossible Dream team , took one look at Carbo and said , “ You need Jesus . ’’
“ And I prayed to take Jesus into my life , ’’ said Carbo .
But Carbo could n’t break his addictions .
“ I just kept druggin ’ , druggin ’ , and druggin ’ and contemplating suicide , ’’ he said .
Eventually his old Buffalo Head teammates came to the rescue .
“ Bill Lee called me and he said , ‘ Are you doing OK ? ’
And I said , ‘ I ’m tired and I do n’t want to live anymore . ’ ’’
Jenkins , a Hall of Famer , put him in touch with Sam McDowell , who is a counselor for the Baseball Assistance Team , which provides emergency assistance to baseball players in dire straits .
Carbo entered rehab in Tampa , but had a panic attack .
“ I ended up in a Tampa hospital , ’’ he said .
“ Five hunderd beds in a hospital and I ’m in a room with a Baptist pastor . ’’
Together they studied the Bible .
Carbo said his life is more fun now .
He moved to Alabama and met his wife , Tammy , a school counselor .
“ I said God told me you need to be with me , and she looked at me and said , ‘ God ai n’t told me nothing yet . ’
I went out to my car and gave her all my drugs and told her my story .
I married her four months later . ’’
It did n’t happen overnight , but the resurrection of Bernardo Carbo continues .
He has three grown daughters from a previous marriage who were incarcerated for either drugs or bad checks .
He and his wife have custody of his three grandchildren and are raising them in his Theodore , Ala. , home .
He managed the Pensacola Pelicans for three seasons , then decided the Lord wanted him doing his ministry full - time .
“ To watch people come back to the Lord , it ’s better than hitting that World Series home run in 1975 .
Guaranteed .
Ten times .
Hundreds of times better , ’’ he said .
“ I do n’t want anybody going to Hell . ’’
Stan Grossfeld can be reached at grossfeld@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
According to Skype Journal , Verizon customers using an Android model cannot use the Skype client and Wi-Fi together at the same time .
Something in the software disables the Wi -Fi radio and the user gets a message that reads , " Skype mobile does not currently work on WiFi and requires switching to a Verizon Wireless data network connection .
This may affect other apps using a WiFi connection . "
Big Red blames the problem on an Android glitch that requires the user to disconnect from a hotspot before running Skype Mobile .
Verizon also points out that because the app runs over the carrier 's voice network , certain requirements must be met , including certain wiretap laws .
Thus , the more secure 3G network must be used instead of Wi-Fi .
The complaint here is that by forcing calls to be made over 3G , Verizon customers are using minutes that they had hoped to save .
Verizon says it is working with Google to correct the glitch .
source : SkypeJournal via DSLReports
There are no training wheels on a unicycle .
( submitted by Emily )
Litigation Lawyers in New Brunswick , New Jersey
We are in court daily to get you results
If you have a lawyer in the family , and need one , you call them !
Now everyone has a Lawyer in their Family !
Call us today for your personal experience !
Shamy & Shamy , LLC . in New Brunswick , New Jersey consists of tough litigators who will fight for you .
As longstanding members of the community and reputable trial lawyers , we have earned the confidence of our clients and the respect of local judges and officials .
In fact , George J. Shamy Jr. is a Certified Civil Trial Attorney as designated by the New Jersey Supreme Court .
This designation is granted to attorneys who demonstrate sufficient levels of experience , education , knowledge , and skill in civil trial practice .
Three Generations of Proven Results
About 3,000 New York City taxi drivers routinely overcharged riders over two years by surreptitiously fixing their meters to charge rates that would normally apply only to trips outside the five boroughs , according to the city ’s Taxi and Limousine Commission .
The drivers ’ scheme , the commission said , involved 1.8 million rides and cost passengers an average of $ 4 to $ 5 extra per trip .
The drivers , officials said , flipped switches on their meters that kicked in the higher rates , costing New York City riders a total of $ 8.3 million .
The 1.8 million fares represent a tiny fraction of a total 360 million trips over the 26 - month period in question .
Agency officials said , however , that they were alarmed enough that they immediately ordered the companies that manufacture the meters to create a system to alert riders when the higher rates are being charged .
is a collection of my own original writings about computers , hardware , software , and all forms of technology in the world around us today .
It is no longer maintained , but you can find my latest thoughts on my new blog : Enlightenment Through Open Source I ask that you please do not repost my works without permission , but if you wish to please feel free to link back to my website here .
Brave soul , linguist , and conservative political commentator John McWhorter attempts to answer the eternal question :
What is Sarah Palin talking about ?
Actually , it ’s more like what version of the English language is Sarah Palin using , because it ’s not one most of us are familiar with , as anyone who has been required to transcribe a Palin speech is painfully aware .
McWhorter , however , sees a strange problem that goes far beyond Palin ’s habit of being “ folksy , ” something that he finds little fault with .
At one point he compares her language skills to that of a toddler .
Rather , Palin is given to meandering phraseology of a kind suggesting someone more commenting on impressions as they enter and leave her head rather than constructing insights about them .
Or at least , insights that go beyond the bare - bones essentials of human cognition — an entity ( i.e. something ) and a predicate ( i.e. something about it ) .
[…]
This reminds me of toddlers who speak from inside their own experience in a related way : they will come up to you and comment about something said by a neighbor you ’ve never met , or recount to you the plot of an episode of a TV show they have no way of knowing you ’ve ever heard of .
Palin strings her words together as if she were doing it for herself — meanings float by , and she translates them into syntax in whatever way works , regardless of how other people making public statements do it .
McWhorter ’s conclusion is especially damning … and not just to Palin :
As such , Sarah Palin can talk , basically , like a child and be lionized by a robust number of perfectly intelligent people as an avatar of American culture .
And linguistically , let ’s face it : she is .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
By Andres Schipani
BBC News , Khapi
The water from the mountains is key to life in Khapi
For the Incas , and most of the Andean civilisations , snow - capped mountains were divinities to be honoured , as they supplied water .
But now it seems those gods are losing their powers .
Researchers say that the glaciers are in dramatic retreat across the Andes due to rising temperatures .
In the small village of Khapi , below the stunning - and still snow - covered - Mount Illimani , the sense of anxiety is profound .
An idea has taken root there - that those who have caused the snow to retreat and the waters to slow should be brought before an international court .
You might be on one side of the world , but what you do is affecting somebody else in another continent very far away
Pablo Solon
Bolivia 's UN Ambassador
Feeling the heat in Khapi
What they want is an international court of environmental justice , an idea that is being pushed by Evo Morales , Bolivia 's president .
" We are very worried because we have no water .
Half the people of this community have already left .
Those who remain are struggling with the lack of water , " says Max , an elderly Aymara Indian who chews coca leaves as he speaks in heavily - accented Spanish .
For the indigenous people of Khapi everything depends on the streams flowing through their land .
The waters , which they consider sacred , keep their animals alive and allow their crops to flourish .
But over the past 10 or 15 years , changing weather patterns have led to irregular water flows - the streams become torrents or dwindle to just trickles .
" The weather has drastically changed and it is now two or three times hotter than it was .
We cannot water our crops and the sun and the heat are very strong .
Our crops are dry now , our animals are dying ; we want to cry , " Max says , before asking their Andean goddess , Pachamama or Mother Earth , for help .
Lobbying Given this situation , the 40 families that make up the community of Khapi have decided to fight their case before several international forums .
Among those leading them on this campaign is Alivio Aruquipa , one of the community leaders .
" For the past two decades , we , the people from the Andean regions have been suffering because of the greenhouse emissions from the developed countries .
If they do n't stop our glaciers will disappear soon , " Mr Aruquipa says .
" We want those countries to compensate us for all the damage they have done to nature , " he says .
Mr Aruquipa has been lobbying for their case to be heard by the international community .
He even went to the United Nations ' Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen last December .
" In Copenhagen I met a lot of people from all over the world with similar problems Altogether , we have demanded the creation of an international court of environmental justice , " he says .
The people of Khapi want compensation from the international community for environmental damage that they blame on communities and countries thousands of kilometres away .
" We do n't know how to calculate the compensation because we are not professionals , we are simply farmers .
But we would like assistance , and then to receive some money and , with that money , to build dykes to store the water , improve the water canals , " Mr Aruquipa says .
It is a campaign supported - and started - by the Bolivian government .
Following the perceived failure of the COP15 climate change talks in Copenhagen last year , President Morales called an alternative civil - society conference .
It is taking place this week in the Bolivian city of Cochabamba , bringing together indigenous groups , NGOS , scientists , activists as well as government delegations .
Justice Mr Morales hopes activists will lobby for the creation of an international environmental court where the people from Khapi want to be the first ones to fight for compensation .
The idea is to present a draft proposal to the next climate change meeting , COP16 , that will be held in Mexico late this year .
Alivio Aruquipa wants his community 's voice to be heard " What we want to achieve is justice , " Pablo Solon , Bolivia 's ambassador to the United Nations , told the BBC .
" When we say climate justice tribunal , we are speaking about how to sanction actions that seriously affect the environment and have consequences for populations , for nations that may even disappear beneath the ocean , " he said .
" You might be on one side of the world , but what you do is affecting somebody else in another continent very far away .
But you rather protect your profits than nature " , says Mr Solon , who is the mastermind behind the Cochabamba conference and the idea of the international climate court .
" There might be , there will be , millions of people who are affected , and may even die , because of those actions .
Is this not genocide ? " he asks .
The people of Khapi may want to be the first to lodge a case if an international climate court is established .
But there are hundreds of other communities throughout the Andes - and across the globe - that complain of environmental damage .
" The [ environmental ] situation we are facing deserves a new judicial system .
This [ Cochabamba ] is the beginning of the discussion .
The beginning of a very big fight , " said Mr Solon .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Carl sez , " A petition to make Hella - the official SI prefix for 10 ^ 27 , for measuring things bigger than Yotta - ( the prefix for ( US ) billion trillion ) .
For instance : ' the sun ( mass of 2.2 hellatons ) would release energy at 0.3 hellawatts . '
It would also come in handy for eventually measuring Internet traffic and US national debt . "
The Official Petition to Establish " Hella - " as the SI Prefix for 10^27
List of SI prefixes
( Thanks , Carl ! )
Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh have found new evidence that the basal ganglia and the cerebellum , two important areas in the central nervous system , are linked together to form an integrated functional network .
The findings are available online this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" The basal ganglia and the cerebellum are two major subcortical structures that receive input from and send output to the cerebral cortex to influence movement and cognition , " explained senior author Peter L. Strick , Ph.D. , professor of neurobiology and co-director of the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition , Pitt School of Medicine .
Each subcortical structure houses a unique learning mechanism .
Basal ganglia circuits are thought to be involved in reward - driven learning and the gradual formation of habits .
In contrast , cerebellar circuits are thought to contribute to more rapid and plastic learning in response to errors in performance .
" In the past , these two learning mechanisms were viewed as entirely separate , and we wondered how signals from the two were integrated , " Dr. Strick said .
" Using a unique method for revealing chains of synaptically linked neurons , we have demonstrated that the cerebellum and basal ganglia are actually interconnected and communicate with each other . "
This result not only has important implications for the normal control of movement and cognition , but it also helps to explain some puzzling findings from patients with basal ganglia disorders .
For example , Parkinson 's disease is known to be caused by the degeneration of a specific set of neurons and their synapses in the basal ganglia .
However , one of the treatments for the characteristic " resting " tremor of Parkinson 's disease is to interrupt signals from the cerebellum to the cerebral cortex .
Imaging studies of patients with Parkinson 's disease and patients with dystonia , another disorder thought to be of basal ganglia origin , show abnormal increases in activity in the cerebellum .
" Our findings provide a neural basis for these findings , " Dr. Strick said .
" In essence , the pathways that we have discovered may enable abnormal signals from the basal ganglia to disrupt cerebellar function .
The alterations in cerebellar function are likely to contribute to the disabling symptoms of basal ganglia disorders .
Thus , a new approach for treating these symptoms might be to attempt to normalize cerebellar activity . "
Explore further Decreased activity of basal ganglia is the main cause of abnormal muscle constrictions in dystonia
Kayla Bortolazzo is about to finish college in just three years , a rare accomplishment that some educators around the country hope to make more common .
A resident of Redding , Calif. , Bortolazzo is enrolled in a special program at Southern Oregon University that waives some introductory classes for academically gifted students and gives them first dibs at course registration .
So in the fall , the 20 - year - old English education major will head to graduate school and then , she hopes , a teaching career — with a year ’s worth of unspent tuition dollars still in her family ’s pocket .
Bortolazzo said she knows that finishing college in three years wo n’t work for most students and that many are not rushing to graduate into a depressed economy .
But she recommends a fast track “ to anybody who is really motivated , feels they have the time to commit to it and really wants to get out in the job market . ”
Students like Bortolazzo are drawing attention these days as families look to reduce tuition bills and colleges try to stretch limited budgets and classroom space .
About a dozen , mostly small , U.S. colleges and universities now offer formal routes to earning a degree in three years instead of the usual four or five .
And many others , including the University of California , are studying ways to start such an option .
“ It ’s really indefensible in the current environment for universities not to be exploring more efficient use of their facilities and how to save students time and money , ” said Sen. Lamar Alexander ( R - Tenn . ) , a former U.S. Education Department secretary who is a strong advocate of three - year degrees .
Even if they make up a minority of college populations , he said , “ some well - prepared students can do their work in three years , and colleges should create a track for them . ”
Not everyone agrees .
Some educators worry that academic quality could suffer in three - year programs , which usually waive some requirements or push students to take very heavy course loads .
Others say that most college students just need the extra year to grow up — and to explore .
Daniel Hurley of the American Assn. of State Colleges and Universities said it is misguided to focus on three - year degrees when most college students struggle to graduate in five or even six years .
Many such students are under - prepared academically , have financial problems or can’t enroll in oversubscribed classes , he said .
Hurley , the association ’s director of state relations and policy analysis , also said it was unrealistic to assume that most students start with the fixed major and career choices that a three - year degree requires .
“ Many students change majors , and thank God we did .
Otherwise we would be miserable and underemployed , ” he said .
Nevertheless , the number of such programs is growing , experts say .
Among schools that offer or will soon launch three - year degree programs are Seattle University , Bates College in Maine , Hartwick College in New York , Lake Forest College in Illinois , Manchester College in Indiana , Lipscomb University in Tennessee and the University of North Carolina at Greensboro .
Public universities in Rhode Island and Arizona also are studying the idea .
A UC commission searching for efficiencies in response to state budget cuts is examining the fast - track degrees as one option .
A proposal unveiled last month involved greater use of summer school and possibly streamlining requirements for some majors .
Proponents estimate that if 5 % to 10 % of UC undergraduates finished their degrees one term earlier than they do now , the university could educate 2,000 to 4,000 more students .
The plan would require approval from the UC faculty and regents .
“ In times of declining resources and a difficult economy , we need to look at the most efficiencies possible without diminishing the quality of education provided by the UC system , ” said Catherine Casserly , an education expert who is a member of the subcommittee that proposed the idea .
Some students have always managed to graduate in three years , often by earning college credits in high school by taking Advanced Placement courses and attending summer school .
UC reports that 2.9 % of its students do so and the U.S. Department of Education says the national figure is 2.3 % at four - year schools .
( About 59 % of UC students graduate in four years , and that total rises to 78 % and 82 % , respectively , in five and six years .
Nationally , 36 % of students who start at four - year schools finish in four years ; 53 % and 57 % do so in five and six , federal figures show . )
The formal three - year paths typically promise priority registration for classes and special counseling to get past bureaucratic roadblocks .
Such a leg - up could appeal to UC students who complain that budget - related course reductions have made it difficult to enroll in the classes they need to graduate in four years .
“ The university would have to provide access to the right courses at the right time and better advising so you do n’t get detoured along the way , ” said Keith Williams , a UC Davis senior lecturer in exercise biology who co-chaired the subcommittee .
And even if many students want to stay in college ’s warm cocoon as long as possible during the recession , the hard economic times are encouraging others to reduce tuition spending , administrators say .
“ We believe it ’s our responsibility as educators to help families find a way to keep an independent college education within their grasp , ” said Margaret L. Drugovich , president of Hartwick College , a 1,450 - student liberal arts school in Oneonta , N.Y. , which started offering a three - year degree program last fall .
Under Hartwick ’s plan , students take an extra course each semester and an intensive class in the otherwise optional January term between semesters .
An initial 23 students signed on , and Drugovich estimates that up to 15 % of students eventually will participate .
Not all majors are eligible ; some performance and arts departments say it takes four years to develop the necessary skills .
As for criticism that students need time to grow up , Drugovich said : “ Not every student is the same .
To say you have to stay a fourth year just for the purpose of maturing is wrong . ”
Hartwick biology major Daniel Meier , 19 , of Ellenville , N.Y. , said he joined the program in order to start medical school a year early or take a year off to work or do community service before further education .
His family has an added incentive :
His twin brother , Nickolas , is also at Hartwick and on the school ’s fast track .
The heavier class load is a bit stressful , Daniel Meier said , “ but you realize it ’s going to benefit you in the long run .
You have to concentrate on why you are doing it . ”
The biggest personal change was having to quit the football team for the less - demanding rugby club , which allows members to miss practice if they have to study , he said .
Southern Oregon University in Ashland , where Bortolazzo attends , permits some students with excellent high school grades and test scores to skip some basic courses and go directly to those required for their majors , according to Curt Bacon , director of the school ’s 12 - year - old Accelerated Baccalaureate program .
One of its goals , he said , is to “ attract higher - quality students . ”
This year , about 40 of the university ’s 4,400 undergraduates have signed up , a figure Bacon said is kept small by the reluctance of many first - year students to commit so quickly to a major .
larry.gordon@latimes.com
Authors : Sara Michael
Fort Collins Mayor Pro-Tem Kelly
Ohlson was one face in a sea of activists across the country who showed up to rally against pollution â€“ â€ “ instead of the clichÃ©d war protest of the time â €
“ â € “ Â as part of first Earth Day celebration in the United States in 1970 .
As a college sophomore at Iowa State University , he remembers population being one of the major issues among the many of that revolutionary day .
Even then , he said , they saw the numbers rising .
From 1900 to 1970 , the worldâ€™s population increased from 1.6 to 3.7 billion people .
And in just 20 years , the average age of a college student , the earthâ€™s population has grown by 1.5 billion .
From the beginning of time to 1900 , the entire worldâ€™s population was approximately 1.5 billion .
Ohlson said that on this Earth Day 40 years later many have neglected the roots of the environmental movement .
Today , the Lory Student Center will host a sustainability fair where more than 100 environmentally - minded organizations will take presence to push their message .
â€ œPeople connected the dots better 40 years ago then they appear to today , â€  Ohlson said , crediting that mindset to the book â€ œThe Population Bomb , â€ written by Paul R. Ehrlich in 1968 .
The book details the starvation that an overpopulated world would cause and got many people thinking numbers in terms for the future .
The first step to change , Ohlson said , is to get people talking .
â€ œIt isnâ€™t going to pretty when the world population goes from 7 billion to 12 in just a few years , â€  he said .
â€ œThen it wonâ€™t be ideology or religion weâ€™ll be fighting over .
Itâ€™ll be resources.â€ 
For many people , though , Ohlson added , it is easier to talk about micro issues than macro issues .
â€ œWeâ€™re rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic , not dealing with the big issue .
Both personally and policy wise , people donâ€™t tackle the big things.â€ 
Today , said Maria Myotte , staff director of Clean Water Action Colorado , legislation has crippled the measure , which now protects only navigable waterways , leaving 90 percent of Coloradoâ€™s waters unprotected .
â€ œFor us , Earth day is everyday , â€ Myotte said .
â€
œThere are a ton of things going on , theyâ€™re just not nearly as visible as they used to be .
Weâ€™ve come a long way with legislature.â€ 
But in the end , Ohlson said , itâ€™s a question of when .
â€ œThe sooner people start making wise choices , the less drastic choices people will have to make , â€  he said .
Staff writer Sara Michael can be reached at news@collegian.com .
Two brown pelicans and a flock of seagulls rest on the shore of Ship Island , off the Gulf Coast of Mississippi , as an oil containment boom line floats in the water Photograph : William Colgin/ EPA
Guest post by Girma Orssengo , B. Tech , MASc , PhD
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) claims that human emission of CO2 causes catastrophic global warming .
When such extraordinary claim is made , every one with background in science has to look at the data and verify whether the claim is justified or not .
In this article , a mathematical model was developed that agrees with observed Global Mean Temperature Anomaly ( GMTA ) , and its prediction shows global cooling by about 0.42 deg C until 2030 .
Also , comparison of observed increase in human emission of CO2 with increase in GMTA during the 20th century shows no relationship between the two .
As a result , the claim by the IPCC of climate catastrophe is not supported by the data .
Fossil fuels allowed man to live his life as a proud human , but the IPCC asserts its use causes catastrophic global warming .
Fortunately , the global warming claim by the IPCC that “ For the next two decades , a warming of about 0.2 °C per decade is projected for a range of SRES emission scenario ” [ 1 ] is not supported by observations as shown in Figure 1 , which shows a plateau for the global mean temperature trend for the last decade .
. ” ]
Figure 1 also shows that the observed temperatures are even less than the IPCC projections for emission held constant at the 2000 level .
As a result , the statement we often hear from authorities like UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon that “ climate change is accelerating at a much faster pace than was previously thought by scientists ” [ 3 ] is incorrect .
Thanks for the release of private emails of climate scientists , we can now learn from their own words whether global warming “ is accelerating at a much faster pace ” or not .
In an email dated 3 - Jan - 2009 , Mike MacCracken wrote to Phil Jones , Folland and Chris [ 4 ] :
I think we have been too readily explaining the slow changes over past decade as a result of variability –that explanation is wearing thin .
I would just suggest , as a backup to your prediction , that you also do some checking on the sulfate issue , just so you might have a quantified explanation in case the prediction is wrong .
Otherwise , the Skeptics will be all over us –the world is really cooling , the models are no good , etc .
And all this just as the US is about ready to get serious on the issue . …
We all , and you all in particular , need to be prepared .
Similarly , in an email dated 24 - Oct - 2008 , Mick Kelly wrote to Phil Jones [ 5 ] :
Just updated my global temperature trend graphic for a public talk and noted that the level has really been quite stable since 2000 or so and 2008 does n’t look too hot .
…
Be awkward if we went through a early 1940s type swing !
The above statements from the climategate emails conclusively prove that the widely used phrase by authorities in public that global warming “ is accelerating at a much faster pace ” is supported neither by climate scientists in private nor by the observed data .
Thanks also goes to the Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) of the Hadley Center for daring to publish global mean temperature data that is “ quite stable since 2000 ” , which is contrary to IPCC projections of 0.2 deg C warming per decade .
If the CRU had not done this , we would have been forced to swallow the extremely irrational concept that the gas CO2 , a plant food , i.e. foundation of life , is a pollutant because it causes catastrophic global warming .
As IPCC ’s “ models are no good ” , it is the objective of this article to develop a valid mathematical global mean temperature model based on observed temperature patterns .
Mathematical Model For The Global Mean Temperature Anomaly ( GMTA ) Based On Observed Temperature Patterns
The Global Mean Temperature Anomaly ( GMTA ) data from the Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) of the Hadley Center shown in Figure 2 will be used to develop the mathematical model .
In this article , the observed GMTA data from the CRU are assumed to be valid .
Examination of Figure 2 shows that the globe is warming at a linear rate as shown by the least square trend central line given by the equation
Linear anomaly in deg C = 0.0059 *( Year - 1880 ) – 0.52 Equation 1
Figure 2 also shows that superimposed on this linear anomaly line there is an oscillating anomaly that gives the Global Mean Temperature Anomaly ( GMTA ) the characteristics summarized in Table 1 .
Table 1 . Characteristics of the observed Global Mean Temperature Anomaly ( GMTA ) shown in Figure 2 .
From 1880s to 1910s
End of warming , plateau at – 0.2 deg C & then cooling trend From 1910s to 1940s
End of cooling , plateau at – 0.6 deg C & then warming trend From 1940s to 1970s
End of warming , plateau at 0.1 deg C & then cooling trend From 1970s to 2000s
End of cooling , plateau at – 0.3 deg C & then warming trend From 2000s to 2030s
End of warming , plateau at 0.5 deg C & then ?
trend
A mathematical model can be developed that satisfies the requirements listed in Table 1 .
If the model to be developed gives good approximation for the GMTA values at its turning points ( plateaus ) and the GMTA trends between its successive turning points as summarized in Table 1 , the model may be used for prediction .
. ” ]
For the oscillating anomaly , the sinusoidal function cosine meets the requirements listed in Table 1 .
From Figure 2 , the amplitude of the oscillating anomaly is given by the vertical distance in deg C from the central linear anomaly line to either the top or bottom parallel lines , and it is about 0.3 deg C. From Figure 2 , the oscillating anomaly was at its maximum in the 1880s , 1940s , & 2000s ; it was at its minimum in the 1910s and 1970s .
The years between successive maxima or minima of the oscillating anomaly is the period of the cosine function , and it is about 1940 – 1880=1970 –1910=60 years .
For the cosine function , once its amplitude of 0.3 deg C and its period of 60 years are determined , the mathematical equation for the oscillating anomaly , for the years starting from 1880 , can be written as
Oscillating anomaly in deg C = 0.3 * Cos ((( Year - 1880 )/60 ) *2*3.1416 ) Equation 2
In the above equation , the factor 2*3.1416 is used to convert the argument of the cosine function to radians , which is required for computation in Microsoft Excel .
If the angle required is in degrees , replace 2*3.1416 with 360 .
Combining the linear anomaly given by Equation 1 and the oscillating anomaly given by Equation 2 gives the equation for the Global Mean Temperature Anomaly ( GMTA ) in deg C for the years since 1880 as
GMTA = 0.0059 *( Year - 1880 ) – 0.52 + 0.3* Cos((( Year - 1880 )/60 ) *2*3.1416 ) Equation 3
The validity of this model may be verified by comparing its estimate with observed values at the GMTA turning points as summarized in Table 2 .
Table 2 . Comparison of the model with observations for GMTA in deg C at its turning points .
Year Observed ( Table 1 ) Model ( Equation 3 ) Warming plateau for the 1880s - 0.2 - 0.22 Cooling plateau for the 1910s - 0.6 - 0.64 Warming plateau for the 1940s +0.1 +0.13 Cooling plateau for the 1970s - 0.3 - 0.29 Warming plateau for the 2000s +0.5 +0.48
Table 2 shows excellent agreement for the GMTA values between observation and mathematical model for all observed GMTA turning points .
A graph of the GMTA model given by Equation 3 is shown in Figure 3 , which includes the observed GMTA and short - term IPCC projections for GMTA from 2000 to 2025 .
In addition to the verification shown in Table 2 , Figure 3 shows good agreement for the GMTA trends throughout observed temperature records , so the model may be used for prediction .
As a result , Figure 3 includes GMTA predictions until 2100 , where the year and the corresponding GMTA values are given in parentheses for all the GMTA turning points .
As shown in Figure 3 , a slight discrepancy exist between observed and model GMTA values at the end of the 1890s when the observed values were significantly warmer than the model pattern , and in the 1950s when the observed values were significantly colder than the model pattern .
From the model in Figure 3 , during the observed temperature record , there were two global warming phases .
The first was from 1910 to 1940 with a warming of 0.13+0.64=0.77 deg C in 30 years .
The second was from 1970 to 2000 with a warming of 0.48+0.29=0.77 deg C in 30 years .
Note that both warming phases have an identical increase in GMTA of 0.77 deg C in 30 years , which gives an average warming rate of ( 0.77/30 ) * 10=0.26 deg C per decade .
From the model in Figure 3 , during the observed temperature record , there were two global cooling phases .
The first was from 1880 to 1910 with a cooling of 0.64-0.22=0.42 deg C in 30 years .
The second was from 1940 to 1970 with a cooling of 0.13+0.29=0.42 deg C in 30 years .
Note that both cooling phases have an identical decrease in GMTA of 0.42 deg C in 30 years , which gives an average cooling rate of ( 0.42/30 ) * 10=0.14 deg C per decade .
The above results for the normal ranges of GMTA determined from the model can also be calculated using simple geometry in Figure 2 .
In this figure , almost all observed GMTA values are enveloped by the two parallel lines that are 0.6 deg C apart .
Therefore , as a first approximation , the normal range of GMTA is 0.6 deg C. From Figure 2 , the period for a global warming or cooling phase is about 30 years .
Therefore , as a first approximation , the normal rate of global warming or cooling is ( 0.6/30 ) * 10=0.2 deg C per decade .
The above approximation of 0.6 deg C for the normal range of GMTA should be refined by including the effect of the linear warming anomaly given by Equation 1 of 0.006 deg C per year , which is the slope of the two envelope parallel lines in Figure 2 .
As the oscillating anomaly changes by 0.6 deg C in 30 years between its turning points , the linear anomaly increases by 0.006*30=0.18 deg C.
Due to this persistent warming , instead of the GMTA increasing or decreasing by the same 0.6 deg C , it increases by 0.6+0.18=0.78 deg C during its warming phase , and decreases by 0.6–0.18=0.42 deg C during its cooling phase .
As a result , the refined normal ranges of GMTA are 0.77 deg C in 30 years during its warming phase , and 0.42 deg C in 30 years during its cooling phase .
These results for the normal ranges of GMTA obtained using simple geometry in Figure 2 agree with those obtained from the model in Figure 3 .
Correlation of Model and Observed Global Mean Temperature Anomaly ( GMTA )
In Table 2 , data points for only five years were used to verify the validity of Equation 3 to model the observed data .
However , it is important to verify how well the observed GMTA is modeled for any year .
How well the observed data is modeled can be established from a scatter plot of the observed and model GMTA values as shown in Figure 4 .
For example , for year 1998 , the observed GMTA was 0.53 deg C and the model GMTA is 0.47 deg C. In Figure 4 , for year 1998 , the pair ( 0.47,0.53 ) is plotted as a dot .
In a similar manner , all the paired data for model and observed GMTA values for years from 1880 to 2009 are plotted as shown in Figure 4 .
Figure 4 shows a strong linear relationship ( correlation coefficient , r=0.88 ) between the model and observed GMTA .
With high correlation coefficient of 0.88 , Figure 4 shows the important result that the observed GMTA can be modeled by a combination of a linear and sinusoidal pattern given by Equation 3 .
The positive slope of the trend line indicates a positive relationship between model and observed GMTA .
That is , global cooling from the model indicates observed global cooling , and global warming from the model indicates observed global warming .
Global Mean Temperature Prediction Calculations
The following patterns may be inferred from the graph of the Global Mean Temperature Anomaly ( GMTA ) model shown in Figure 3 for the data from the Climate Research Unit of the Hadley Center [ 2 ] :
Year 1880 was the start of a cooling phase and had a GMTA of – 0.22 deg C. During the global cooling phase , the GMTA decreases by 0.42 deg C in 30 years .
Global cooling and warming phases alternate with each other .
During the global warming phase , the GMTA increases by 0.77 deg C in 30 years .
The patterns in the list above are sufficient to estimate the GMTA values at all of its turning points since 1880 .
For example , as year 1880 with GMTA of – 0.22 deg C was the start of a cooling phase of 0.42 deg C in 30 years , the next GMTA turning point was near 1880+30=1910 with GMTA of – 0.22–0.42=-0.64 deg C.
This GMTA value for 1910 is shown as ( 1910 , - 0.64 ) in Figure 3 .
As year 1910 with GMTA of – 0.64 deg C was the end of a global cooling phase , it is also the start of a global warming phase of 0.77 deg C in 30 years .
As a result , the next GMTA turning point was near 1910+30=1940 with GMTA of 0.77–0.64=0.13 deg C.
This GMTA value for 1940 is shown as ( 1940,0.13 ) in Figure 3 .
As year 1940 with GMTA of 0.13 deg C was the end of a global warming phase , it is also the start of a global cooling phase of 0.42 deg C in 30 years .
As a result , the next GMTA turning point was near 1940+30=1970 with GMTA of 0.13–0.42=-0.29 deg C.
This GMTA value for 1970 is shown as ( 1970 , - 0.29 ) in Figure 3 .
As year 1970 with GMTA of - 0.29 deg C was the end of a global cooling phase , it is also the start of a global warming phase of 0.77 deg C in 30 years .
As a result , the next GMTA turning point was near 1970+30=2000 with GMTA of 0.77–0.29=0.48 deg C.
This GMTA value for 2000 is shown as ( 2000,0.48 ) in Figure 3 .
As the GMTA values calculated above using the global temperature patterns listed at the beginning of this section give good approximation of observed GMTA values at all GMTA turning points ( 1880 , 1910 , 1940 , 1970 & 2000 ) , it is reasonable to assume that the patterns may also be used for prediction .
As a result , as year 2000 with GMTA of 0.48 deg C was the end of a global warming phase , it is also the start of a global cooling phase of 0.42 deg C in 30 years .
As a result , the next GMTA turning point will be near 2000+30=2030 with GMTA of 0.48 –0.42=0.06 deg C.
This GMTA value for 2030 is shown as ( 2030,0.06 ) in Figure 3 .
In a similar manner , the GMTA values for the remaining GMTA turning points for this century can be calculated , and the results are shown in Figure 3 .
Figure 3 shows a very interesting result that for the 20th century , the global warming from 1910 to 2000 was 0.48+0.64=1.12 deg C.
In contrast , for the 21st century , the change in GMTA from 2000 to 2090 will be only 0.41–0.48=-0.07 deg C.
This means that there will be little change in the GMTA for the 21st century !
Why ?
Why Does The Same Model Give A Global Warming Of About 1 deg C For The 20th Century But Nearly None For The 21st Century ?
According to the data shown in Figure 3 , it is true that the global warming of the 20th century was unprecedented .
As a result , it is true that the corresponding sea level rise , melting of sea ice or the corresponding climate change in general were unprecedented .
However , this was because the century started when the oscillating anomaly was at its minimum near 1910 with GMTA of – 0.64 deg C and ended when it was at its maximum near 2000 with GMTA of 0.48 deg C , giving a large global warming of 0.48+0.64=1.12 deg C.
This large warming was due to the rare events of two global warming phases of 0.77 deg C each but only one cooling phase of 0.44 deg C occurring in the 20th century , giving a global warming of 2*0.77-0.42=1.12 deg C .
In contrast to the 20th century , from Figure 3 , there will be nearly no change in GMTA in the 21st century .
This is because the century started when the oscillating anomaly was at its maximum near 2000 with GMTA of 0.48 deg C and will end when it is at its minimum near 2090 with GMTA of 0.41 deg C , giving a negligible change in GMTA of 0.41-0.48=-0.07 deg C.
This negligible change in GMTA is due to the rare events of two global cooling phases of 0.42 deg C each but only one warming phase of 0.77 deg C occurring in the 21st century , giving the negligible change in GMTA of 0.77-2*0.42=-0.07 deg C.
Note that this little change in GMTA for the 21st century is identical to that from 1880 to 1970 , which makes the global warming from 1970 to 2000 by 0.77 deg C appear to be abnormally high .
If the period for a century had been 120 years , we would n’t have this conundrum of nearly 1 deg C warming in the 20th century but nearly none in the next !
Ocean Current Cycles
One of the most important variables that affect global mean surface temperature is ocean current cycles .
The rising of cold water from the bottom of the sea to its surface results in colder global mean surface temperature ; weakening of this movement results in warmer global mean surface temperature .
Various ocean cycles have been identified .
The most relevant to global mean temperature turning points is the 20 to 30 years long ocean cycle called Pacific Decadal Oscillation ( PDO ) [ 6 ] :
Several independent studies find evidence for just two full PDO cycles in the past century : “ cool ” PDO regimes prevailed from 1890 - 1924 and again from 1947 - 1976 , while “ warm ” PDO regimes dominated from 1925 - 1946 and from 1977 through ( at least ) the mid-1990 ’s ( Mantua et al. 1997 , Minobe 1997 ) .
These cool and warm PDO regimes correlate well with the cooling and warming phases of GMTA shown in Figure 3 .
The model in Figure 3 predicts global cooling until 2030 .
This result is also supported by shifts in PDO that occurred at the end of the last century , which is expected to result in global cooling until about 2030 [ 7 ] .
Effect Of CO2 Emission On Global Mean Temperature
Examination of Figure 3 shows that the Global Mean Temperature Anomaly ( GMTA ) for 1940 of 0.13 deg C is greater than that for 1880 of – 0.22 deg C. Also , the GMTA for 2000 of 0.48 deg C is greater than that for 1940 of 0.13 deg C.
This means that the GMTA value , when the oscillating anomaly is at its maximum , increases in every new cycle .
Is this global warming caused by human emission of CO2 ?
The data required to establish the effect of CO2 emission on global mean temperature already exist .
The global mean temperature data are available from the Climate Research Unit of the Hadley Centre shown in Figure 3 , and the CO2 emission data are available from the Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Centre [ 8 ] .
For the period from 1880 to 1940 , the average emission of CO2 was about 0.8 G - ton , and the increase in the GMTA was 0.13+0.22=0.35 deg C.
For the period from 1940 to 2000 , the average emission of CO2 was about 4 G - ton , but the increase in GMTA was the same 0.48-0.13=0.35 deg C.
This means that an increase in CO2 emission by 4/0.8=5 - fold has no effect in the increase in the GMTA .
This conclusively proves that the effect of 20th century human emission of CO2 on global mean temperature is nil .
Note that the increase in GMTA of 0.35 deg C from 1880 to 1940 ( or from 1940 to 2000 ) in a 60 year period has a warming rate of 0.35/60=0.0058 deg per year , which is the slope of the linear anomaly given by Equation 1 .
As a result , the linear anomaly is not affected by CO2 emission .
Obviously , as the oscillating anomaly is cyclic , it is not related to the 5 - fold increase in human emission of CO2 .
Figure 4 , with high correlation coefficient of 0.88 , shows the important result that the observed GMTA can be modeled by a combination of a linear and sinusoidal pattern given by Equation 3 .
This single GMTA pattern that was valid in the period from 1880 to 1940 was also valid in the period from 1940 to 2000 after about 5 - fold increase in human emission of CO2 .
As a result , the effect of human emission of CO2 on GMTA is nil .
Further evidence for the non-existent relationship between CO2 and GMTA is IPCC ’s projection of a global warming of 0.2 deg C per decade , while the observed GMTA trend was “ quite stable since 2000 ” [ 5 ] .
The evidence will be “ unequivocal ” if global cooling by about 0.42 deg C starts soon and continues until about 2030 , as shown by the model in Figure 3 .
The IPCC projection for the GMTA for 2020 is 0.8 deg C , while the prediction from the model for this value is 0.2 deg C , a large discrepancy of 0.6 deg C.
If this global cooling is confirmed , it will then be time to bury the theory that CO2 , a plant food , causes catastrophic global warming .
Fortunately , we do n’t have to wait too long for the burial .
Less than ten years .
It will be cheering news !
IPCC Projections
According to the IPCC [ 1 ] , “ For the next two decades , a warming of about 0.2 °C per decade is projected for a range of SRES emission scenario . ”
IPCC explains this projection as shown in Figure 5 where GMTA trend lines were drawn for four periods from 2005 to 1856 , 1906 , 1956 & 1981 .
These trend lines give increasing warming rate from a low value of 0.045 deg C per decade for the RED trend line for the first period from 1856 to 2005 , to a greater value of 0.074 deg C per decade for the PURPLE trend line for the second period from 1906 to 2005 , to a still greater value of 0.128 deg C per decade for the ORANGE trend line for the third period from 1956 to 2005 , and to a maximum value of 0.177 deg C per decade for the YELLOW trend line for the fourth period from 1981 to 2005 .
IPCC then concludes , “ Note that for shorter recent periods , the slope is greater , indicating accelerated warming ” [ 9 ] .
If this IPCC interpretation is correct , catastrophic global warming is imminent , and it is justified for the world to be griped by fear of global warming .
However , is IPCC ’s “ accelerated warming ” conclusion shown in Figure 5 correct ?
What the GMTA pattern in Figure 3 shows is that it has cooling and warming phases .
As a result , in Figure 5 , comparing the warming rate of one period that has only one warming phase with another period that has a combination of warming and cooling phases will obviously show the maximum warming rate for the first period .
This is comparing apples to oranges .
Comparing apples to apples is to compare two periods that have the same number of cooling and / or warming phases .
. ” ]
One example of comparing apples to apples is to compare one period that has one warming phase with another that also has one warming phase .
From Figure 3 , two 30 - year periods that have only one warming phase are the periods from 1910 to 1940 and from 1970 to 2000 .
For the period from 1910 to 1940 , the increase in GMTA was 0.13+0.64=0.77 deg C , giving a warming rate of ( 0.77/30 ) * 10=0.26 deg C per decade .
Similarly , for the period from 1970 to 2000 , the increase in GMTA was 0.48+0.29=0.77 deg C , giving an identical warming rate of 0.26 deg C per decade .
Therefore , there is no “ accelerated warming ” in the period from 1970 to 2000 compared to the period from 1910 to 1940 .
A second example of comparing apples to apples is to compare one period that has one cooling and warming phases with another that also has one cooling and warming phases .
From Figure 3 , two 60 - year periods that have only one cooling and warming phases are the periods from 1880 to 1940 and from 1940 to 2000 .
For the period from 1880 to 1940 , the increase in GMTA was 0.13+0.22=0.35 deg C , giving a warming rate of ( 0.35/60 ) * 10=0.06 deg C per decade .
Similarly , for the period from 1940 to 2000 , the increase in GMTA was 0.48-0.13=0.35 deg C , giving an identical warming rate of 0.06 deg C per decade .
Therefore , there is no “ accelerated warming ” in the period from 1940 to 2000 compared to the period from 1880 to 1940 .
From the above analysis , IPCC ’s conclusion of “ accelerated warming ” is incorrect , and its graph shown in Figure 5 is an incorrect interpretation of the data .
Based on observed GMTA pattern shown in Figure 3 , a global warming phase lasts for 30 years , and it is followed by global cooling .
As a result , the recent global warming phase that started in the 1970s ended in the 2000s as shown by the current GMTA plateau , and global cooling should follow .
Therefore , IPCC ’s projection for global warming of 0.2 deg C per decade for the next two decades is incorrect .
Also , divergence between IPCC projections and observed values for the GMTA has started to be “ discernible ” since 2005 as shown in Figure 3 .
According to the Occam ’s Razor principle , given a choice between two explanations , choose the simplest one that requires the fewest assumptions .
Instead of applying the Occam ’s Razor principle by assuming the cause of GMTA turning points to be natural , the IPCC assumed the cause to be man-made [ 9 ] :
From about 1940 to 1970 the increasing industrialisation following World War II increased pollution in the Northern Hemisphere , contributing to cooling , and increases in carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases dominate the observed warming after the mid-1970s .
Like in the 1880s & 1910s , what if the causes of the GMTA turning points in the 1940s and 1970s were also natural ?
Figure 4 , with high correlation coefficient of 0.88 , shows the important result that the observed GMTA can be modeled by a combination of a linear and sinusoidal pattern given by Equation 3 .
This single GMTA pattern that was valid in the period from 1880 to 1940 was also valid in the period from 1940 to 2000 after about 5 - fold increase in human emission of CO2 .
As a result , the effect of human emission of CO2 on GMTA is nil .
Also , IPCC ’s conclusion of “ accelerated warming ” shown in Figure 5 is incorrect .
What is the cause of the GMTA turning point from warming to plateau in the 2000s ?
Here is the suggestion by Mike MacCracken [ 4 ] :
I think we have been too readily explaining the slow changes over past decade as a result of variability –that explanation is wearing thin .
I would just suggest , as a backup to your prediction , that you also do some checking on the sulfate issue , just so you might have a quantified explanation in case the prediction is wrong .
According to the IPCC and the above suggestion , the 1940 GMTA turning point from global warming to cooling was caused by sulfates , the 1970 GMTA turning point from cooling to warming was caused by carbon dioxide , and the 2000 GMTA turning point from warming to plateau was caused by sulfates .
It is interesting to note that sulfate and carbon dioxide gave the globe a 30 - year alternate cooling and warming phases from 1940 to 2000 .
This is just absurd .
Instead of saying , “ Be awkward if we went through a early 1940s type swing ! ” in private , but global warming “ is accelerating at a much faster pace ” in public , please release the world from the fear of climate catastrophe from use of fossil fuels , as this catastrophe is not supported by your own data .
It is extremely callous not to do so .
Is the theory that “ human emission of CO2 causes catastrophic global warming ” one of the greatest blunders or something worse of “ science ” ?
We will find the unambiguous answer within the next ten years .
Hope they do n’t succeed in calling the plant food a pollutant and tax us before then .
==========================================
This document is also available as a PDF file , link below :
Predictions Of GMT
For any criticism , please leave a comment below , or contact me at orssengo@lycos.com
Girma J Orssengo
Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering , University of Calicut , Calicut , India
Master of Applied Science , University of British Columbia , Vancouver , Canada
Doctor of Philosophy , University of New South Wales , Sydney , Australia
===========================================
REFERENCES
[ 1 ] IPCC Fourth Assessment Report : Climate Change 2007
“ a warming of about 0.2 °C per decade is projected ”
http://www.ipcc.ch/publications_and_data/ar4/wg1/en/spmsspm-projections-of.html
[ 2 ] Observed Global Mean Surface Temperatures from the Climate Research Unit of the Hadley Center .
http://www.woodfortrees.org/plot/hadcrut3vgl/compress:12/from:1880/plot/hadcrut3vgl/from:1880/trend/plot/hadcrut3vgl/from:1880/trend/offset:0.3/plot/hadcrut3vgl/from:1880/trend/offset:-0.3
[ 3 ] Climate Change Science Compendium 2009
“ is accelerating at a much faster pace ”
http://www.unep.org/pdf/ccScienceCompendium2009/cc_ScienceCompendium2009_full_en.pdf
[ 4 ] Climategate Email from Mike MacCracken to Phil Jones , Folland and Chris
“ that explanation is wearing thin ”
http://www.eastangliaemails.com/emails.php?eid=947&filename=1231166089.txt
[ 5 ] Climategate Email from Mick Kelly to Phil Jones
“ Be awkward if we went through a early 1940s type swing ! ”
http://www.eastangliaemails.com/emails.php?eid=927&filename=1225026120.txt
[ 6 ]
The Pacific Decadal Oscillation ( PDO )
http://jisao.washington.edu/pdo/
[ 7 ]
Pacific Ocean Showing Signs of Major Shifts in the Climate
http://www.nytimes.com/library/national/science/012000sci-environ-climate.html
[ 8 ] Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center
Global CO2 Emissions from Fossil - Fuel Burning , Cement Manufacture , and Gas Flaring
http://cdiac.ornl.gov/ftp/ndp030/global.1751_2006.ems
[ 9 ]
Climate Change 2007 : Working Group I : The Physical Science Basis
How are Temperatures on Earth Changing ?
http://www.ipcc.ch/publications_and_data/ar4/wg1/en/faq-3-1.html
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Anne Bass , the New York City socialite known for her philanthropic endeavors in the ballet world , visited Cambodia on a World Monuments Fund trip in 2000 .
In Angkor Wat she saw a group of teenagers present a native dance and could n't shake the performance of one of the boys from her memory .
Dancing Across Borders is the Cinderella - esque documentary film Bass made about her efforts to sponsor the teenager , Sokvannara Sar ( also known as " Sy , " pronounced " See " ) , to come to the United States to learn ballet .
In the process , Sy realizes the American Dream he did n't even know he had until his and Anne 's paths crossed .
Bass was as unacquainted with filmmaking as Sy was with ballet ( he had never seen so much as an image of a ballet dancer before ) , and the film is even more compelling when you realize it's about two debuts , both on and off camera .
In it , two new movie stars are born : Sy , who possesses matinee - idol looks , and his ballet teacher - to - the - stars , Olga Kostritsky ( Mikhail Baryshnikov and Jock Soto are but two of her former pupils ) .
Anne Bass and Sokvannara " Sy " Sar .
Sy and his ballet coach , Olga Kostritsky .
The black - clad Ladies of the Art World : Laurie Simmons , Clarissa
Dalrymple , Jane Kaplowitz , Anne Livet , Jessica Craig - Martin .
Richard Pandiscio , who did the graphics for the film , and Anne Bass .
Mirabelle and Helen Marden .
N.Y.P.D. intelligence division specialist Rebecca Weiner and Whitney curator Scott Rothkopf .
Emily Grunewald and Bill Cunningham ( who had just come from the MoMA , where a documentary film about him premiered ) .
Artist Julian Lethbridge and Sy .
The party after the guests left .
It 's not entirely clear from the film if Bass 's dream for Sy has become his own , but watching his development , from being incapable of speaking English ( let alone spelling " ballet " ) to becoming a world - class ballet dancer , in just a few years is a powerful story .
When he appears at the famous Varna Dance Festival , in Bulgaria , it 's moving to see him dance solo for the first time in the context of historical footage of Nureyev and Barishnikov , both of whom made their debuts in Varna .
Bass premiered the film at S.V.A. last night for two theaters full of friends and threw a party ( the likes of which only she does ) afterward at the Cedar Lake Studios , which Robert Isabell 's office transformed into a Balinese world .
After touring nine film festivals , Dancing Across Borders starts its New York City run at the Quad today .
It will premiere in Los Angeles on April 13 .
i think the biggest reason why i hate jimmy fallon is that he conducts a talk show the way i would , which of course , would be to just tell all your guests that you were a huge fan of theirs when you were 11 and just guffaw throughout the interview in lieu of asking questions
once in a while i’d do a neil young impression too
Clara Zetkin ( left ) with Rosa Luxemburg .
* * *
Listen to John Riddell present a workshop on Clara Zetkin at the US International Socialist Organization 's Socialism 2009 conference in Chicago :
By John Riddell
April 19 , 2010 -- Socialist Voice -- Genossinnen und Genossen ! --
That is how Clara Zetkin began her speeches .
It is German for “ women comrades and men comrades ” .
Few socialists used that salutation in her time , and there were few women at their meetings .
But that was beginning to change , and Zetkin was part of those changes .
Clara Zetkin was a revolutionary leader , who over her long life took part in many struggles , on many issues .
This article will consider only a small slice of her activity , one that was central to the tragedy of German communism in the 1920s .
Our topic today is the united front policy – a crucial part of our political inheritance from the era of the Russian Revolution .
This policy , adopted by the world communist movement in December 1921 , proposed that revolutionary socialists should press for unity with other political forces in action for demands benefiting working people .
The character of such a united front was a topic of dispute among socialists then , and remains so today .
Let us examine this policy through Zetkin ’s eyes .
Clara Zetkin was the outstanding woman communist leader of the 1920s , and she is best known today as an apostle of women ’s emancipation .
However , she also helped shape the communist movement ’s policy on unity in action .
She favoured a broad and non-partisan approach , aiming for unity with non-revolutionary currents ; action in the interests of the working class as a whole ; and efforts to win social layers outside the industrial working class .
She stressed the need for communist policy to reach out to the less radical layers of working people and producers .
She opposed a focus on the concerns of the revolutionary vanguard .
Zetkin – a pioneer Marxist
When the Communist ( or Third ) International ( Comintern ) adopted the united front policy in 1921 , Zetkin , at 64 , was more than a dozen years older than any other of its main leaders .
[ 1]
She had joined the German Social Democratic party in its early , heroic days .
A friend of Friedrich Engels , she later formed a close partnership with Rosa Luxemburg to defend this party ’s revolutionary heritage and oppose its right - wing current , which sought to make peace with Germany ’s capitalist state .
In this period , women were almost completely excluded from political life .
Zetkin and Luxemburg were the first women to fight their way into the central leadership of socialist parties .
To this day , few women have been able to follow them down this path .
Zetkin led the Socialist ( or Second ) International ’s work among women , and in this capacity she called the first international socialist conference in opposition to the World War I . [ 2 ]
This war was ended by revolutions in Russia and Germany in 1917 and 1918 .
In 1919 , Zetkin joined the newly formed German Communist Party , the KPD .
That same year , most of the party ’s central leaders , including Rosa Luxemburg , fell victim to a wave of government terror .
Zetkin was an influential figure in the party ’s new leadership and , from 1921 , in the Communist International – the world union of revolutionary organisations formed two years earlier in Moscow .
Origin of the united front policy
After the German revolution of 1918 , Social Democratic Party leaders had led and organised the restoration of capitalist power in the country , and had been notoriously complicit in the terror against revolutionary workers .
Nonetheless , they had retained the support of most workers , while the Communist Party led a small minority .
In March 1920 , when extreme rightists staged a military takeover , the Social Democrats played a major role in the massive general strike that defeated the coup .
How could the momentum of this victory be maintained ?
A fruitful initiative to break the stalemate came later that year from revolutionary metalworkers in Clara Zetkin ’s home base , Stuttgart .
It was here that worker activists , six years earlier , had convinced Karl Liebknecht to launch open socialist opposition in Germany to the imperialist world war . [ 3 ]
In December , an assembly of Stuttgart ’s metalworkers , acting on the initiative of Communist Party activists , adopted a resolution calling on the leadership of their trade union , and of all unions , to launch a joint struggle for tangible improvements in workers ’ conditions .
This campaign , the resolution stated , should call for the following five demands “ shared by all workers ” :
Reduced prices for food and essentials of life .
Opening of the capitalists ’ financial records and higher jobless benefits .
Lower taxes on workers and higher taxes on the rich .
Workers ’ control of raw material and food production and distribution .
Disarming of reactionary gangs and arming of the workers . [ 4 ]
Strikingly , the Stuttgart demands embraced not only issues of bread and pay but to initial steps toward workers ’ power .
This was an early example of the communist concept of transitional demands , which are rooted in immediate needs but point toward workers ’ rule .
The Social Democrats , then organised in two parties , first ignored , then rejected this appeal , some saying the demands were too aggressive , others that they did not go far enough .
But the Communists campaigned to rally support for the Stuttgart appeal , and a great many union councils voted their support . [ 5 ]
The ` Open Letter ’
A month later , in January 1921 , the German Communist Party central bureau made a more comprehensive appeal to all workers ’ organisations , including the Social Democrats , for united action .
Zetkin was a leading member of this body , but the appeal ’s main author was party co-chairperson Paul Levi .
Known as the “ Open Letter ” , this call included the Stuttgart five points , in more detailed form , plus demands for the release of political prisoners and resumption of Germany ’s trade and diplomatic relations with the Russian Soviet republic .
The Open Letter , too , was rejected by Social Democratic Party and union national leaderships .
Union officials began expelling the appeal ’s supporters .
But this time , the campaign to rally rank - and - file support was broader and more successful – to the point where the national union confederation felt compelled to issue counterproposals .
Subsequent exchanges , while they did not achieve agreement , showed that fruitful negotiations between Social Democrats and Communists were possible . [ 6 ]
Reparations crisis
The month of January 1921 also saw Britain , France and other victors of the world war levy their demands for reparations .
They demanded that Germany pay a sum equivalent to a dozen times the entire yearly revenue of the near - bankrupt German state , and threatened military occupation in case of non-payment .
All shades of German opinion held the reparations to be unpayable , and a wave of indignation swept the country . [ 7 ]
The Communists responded by elaborating the final point of their Open Letter and calling for Germany to conclude an alliance with Soviet Russia .
Clara Zetkin had already raised this call in her first speech in the Germany ’s parliament , the Reichstag , on July 2 , 1920 .
[8 ]
As the reparations crisis came to a head , she raised this demand again in the Reichstag on January 24 , 1921 , as “ the only way to achieve a revision of the Versailles Treaty and ultimately to tear it up ” .
By promoting united action on this demand , Zetkin sought to point the indignation of the German masses against the Versailles Treaty in a socialist direction .
The establishment of workers ’ power , she said , will be “ the hour when the German nation will be born , the birth of a unified German people , no longer divided into lords and servants ” . [ 9 ]
A storm of controversy
The Stuttgart and Open Letter initiative marked a sharp change in direction for the Communist Party .
Instead of merely denouncing the Social Democrats ’ pro-capitalist course , Communists were now proposing a test in action of Social Democrats ’ capacity to struggle for demands consistent with the Social Democrats ’ formal program .
This shift alarmed many German Communists , who felt their party was playing down the goal of overthrowing the government and concentrating on moderate demands more acceptable to Social Democrats .
They feared that Zetkin ’s invocation of a workers ’
Germany as a new nation gave ground to reactionary nationalism .
The initiatives of Levi , Zetkin and their allies also encountered objections abroad .
A current led by Hungarian communists such as Béla Kun called on communists to sharpen their slogans and initiate minority actions that could sweep the hesitant workers into action – the so - called “ theory of the offensive ” .
Although criticised by Lenin , this concept found some support in the Moscow - based Executive Committee of the Communist International ( ECCI ) , including from Nikolai Bukharin and Gregory Zinoviev . [ 10 ]
The ECCI initially criticised the Open Letter .
Lenin supported it , however , and the matter was referred to the next world congress . [ 11 ]
Divided working class
The dispute on the united front policy was rooted in a dilemma facing the German working class .
It had been defeated , with heavy casualties , in the civil war organised against it by the Social Democratic leaders in 1919 .
In the following years , hunger and destitution spread : average grain consumption was now little more than half pre-war levels ; meat consumption was reduced by two - thirds .
Capitalist attacks rained down , and the workers ’ movement was in retreat .
By the end of 1920 , the Communist Party had grown into a mass party , with more than 400,000 members , but it held the support of fewer than 20 per cent of workers voting socialist . [ 12 ]
This produced a division among German workers .
A Communist vanguard was frustrated and impatient to act , while the majority of workers were pessimistic and passive .
In Zetkin ’s words , the workers were “ almost desperate ” yet “ unwilling to struggle ” . [ 13 ]
Zetkin and her colleagues urged efforts to unite workers in a defensive struggle , in which they could regain the confidence needed for a renewed and concerted offensive for workers ’ power .
However , her left - wing opponents within the party urged minority action to provoke a crisis .
As one of them later commented , “ A stagnant swamp was everywhere .
A wall of passivity was rising .
We had to break through it at any cost . ” [ 14 ]
Leadership was needed to rein in impatience and pursue consistent work for unity in action – but this was lacking , both in Berlin and in Moscow .
The ‘ March Action ’
The tensions in the KPD exploded over an issue not directly related to the united front issue .
At the January 1921 congress of the Italian Socialist Party , until then affiliated to the Communist International , a wing of the Comintern supporters walked out to form a Communist Party – with strong backing from the ECCI representatives , the Hungarian Mátyás Rákosi and the Bulgarian Kristo Kabakchiev .
A larger and less radical grouping , who claimed to support of the Comintern but opposed an immediate break with the party ’s right - wing , reformist minority , stayed in the Socialist Party .
In a subsequent discussion among KPD leaders , Levi and Zetkin argued that the split , while inevitable , had been driven through by representatives of the Comintern ECCI in an aggressively inflexible manner that unnecessarily divided the pro-Comintern forces .
Karl Radek , then representing the ECCI in Germany , defended its actions in Italy , winning the support of the KPD leadership ’s radical wing .
The dispute became heated , touching off tensions in the KPD regarding united front policy , the theory of the offensive and the ECCI ’s role .
The party ’s central bureau adopted a motion by Zetkin that smoothed over the difference , but it soon flared up again .
At a KPD central committee meeting on February 22 , Rákosi , representing the ECCI , reopened the debate , going so far as to suggest that a split of the type that had occurred in Italy might be needed in Germany as well .
By 28 votes to 23 , the central committee backed Rákosi and rejected Levi ’s position .
In protest , Levi , Zetkin and three others resigned from the central bureau , the day - to - day leadership body .
They were replaced by new , more radical leaders , who had been critical of the party ’s united front initiatives .
Zinoviev , addressing a Russian party congress , greeted the overturn . [ 15 ]
There were precedents in communist history for Zetkin ’s demonstrative resignation .
Zinoviev himself had quit the Bolshevik central committee in this manner only a few days before the October 1917 insurrection that established Soviet power .
However , the resignation of Zetkin and her allies from the German leadership had disastrous results .
The new leadership viewed it as disloyal – an act of desertion .
Moreover , it placed Zetkin outside the day - to - day leadership discussions during the decisive events that soon followed .
In March , the KPD , with strong encouragement from ECCI envoys , put the “ offensive ” concept into action , attempting to launch an insurrectional general strike based on the party ’s forces alone .
The so - called “ March Action ” was a costly failure , but party leaders held to their course .
Paul Levi publicly denounced the party ’s conduct as a “ putsch ” , an action for which he was expelled .
Correction at world congress
This left Zetkin as the most prominent advocate of a united front course in the KPD and the Communist International .
At the April 7 - 8 meeting of the KPD ’s central committee , she condemned the party ’s central bureau for having abandoned the Open Letter and the alliance with Soviet Russia and for launching the party on a confrontation course that excluded the masses .
“ Party campaigns can prepare the road for mass action , can provide goals and leadership for them , but cannot replace them ” , her proposed resolution stated . [ 16 ]
Yet Zetkin stood almost alone , surrounded by “ a frigid wall of rejection , mistrust , and hostility ” and branded as an “ opportunist ” and “ renegade ” , writes biographer Louise Dornemann .
Zetkin “ felt herself dreadfully alone , as never before in her life ” . [ 17 ]
When the Comintern met in congress in Moscow , in June , Zetkin found support .
Lenin and Leon Trotsky launched a campaign to overturn the ultraleft “ theory of the offensive ” and won the Communist International to a course similar to what Zetkin had advocated .
Meanwhile , the dispute among German Communists raged at the congress , with Zetkin leading the critics of the March Action .
In her view , the party leaders had shown no sense of reality .
“ They treated … trends as already - existing facts ” , she said .
“ Concentrating on what was conceivably possible , they overlooked what was real .
They believed that a resolution concocted in a test tube … could master the situation and instantly reorient the party rank and file ” , who were entirely unprepared . [ 18 ]
In a compromise decision , the congress adopted the essence of the political course that Zetkin had advocated .
This outcome opened the door to the Comintern ’s adoption of the united front policy in December 1921 .
It enabled Zetkin to carry out two years of fruitful work as the Communist International ’s best - known non-Russian leader .
United front in practice
As the head of the Communist International ’s work among women , Zetkin sought to imbue it with united front concepts .
This work was never a high priority for party leaders , and women made up at best 10 per cent of the total membership .
Still , the Communist Women ’s International had its own publications and conferences both internationally and nationally , which reached far beyond the party membership .
Zetkin “ wanted to win not only women [ industrial ] workers , but women who were office employees , peasants , civil servants , intellectuals ” , writes biographer Gilbert Badia .
“ She favoured appealing to Social Democratic women , setting aside invective in order to win a hearing . ” [ 19 ]
In the mid-1920s , as the Comintern was bureaucratised under Joseph Stalin , the Communist Women ’s International was among the first victims .
In 1925 , Zetkin ’s international women ’s magazine was shut down as “ too costly ” ; the next year , over strenuous objections by Zetkin and her colleagues , the women ’s secretariat was dissolved and formation of further women ’s organisations prohibited , amid warnings regarding “ feminism ” and “ Social Democratic methods ” . [ 20 ]
Zetkin also was among the central leaders of two organisations established to coordinate solidarity across borders : International Workers Aid , which provided humanitarian relief , and International Red Aid , which defended victims of political persecution .
Established to help counter the famine in Russia in 1921 , Workers ’
Aid soon had 200,000 people fully under its care ; it then provided funds for industrial development equal to half what the Soviet government summoned up from its own resources .
This vast effort rested on workers ’ donations and also contributions from more affluent friends of Soviet Russia ; even some banks were induced to provide loans . [ 21 ]
These efforts were organised on a non-partisan basis ; sponsors included Anatole France and Albert Einstein . [ 22 ]
But later , in the Stalin era , the non-partisan principle could not survive .
Despite Zetkin ’s vehement protests , these organisations were purged in the late 1920s , eliminating all critics of Stalin , including her closest collaborators . [ 23 ]
Zetkin was an exponent of the concept of a workers ’ government , that is , a government based on the mass movement of working people and acting in their interests .
This was an application of the united front that originated in Germany and became part of the political tool - chest of communists in Lenin ’s time .
I leave this topic for separate discussion . [ 24 ]
Unity with the peasants
The Bolsheviks ’ agrarian policies , aimed at forging an alliance with small - scale , exploited farmers , had aroused objections from many Marxists elsewhere in Europe , including Rosa Luxemburg .
Zetkin , however , in a November 1922 speech on the fifth anniversary of Soviet power , emphasised the Bolsheviks ’ achievements in reaching out to the peasantry .
In the following passage , she expresses a thought that I have not found elsewhere in world communist literature of the time .
Among the Russian poor peasants there are old and deeply felt traditions of indigenous village communism that have not entirely died away .
They have been sustained and reinforced by primitive religious feelings that view all property as ultimately from God , as God ’s property . …
And these beginning of communist understanding are systematically encouraged and promoted by the measures of the proletarian state . [ 25 ]
This conception reaches back to ideas of Marx that were unknown in Zetkin ’s time , and reaches forward to the positions of José Carlos Mariátegui of Peru and Marxists today regarding survivals of original communism among Indigenous peoples .
Uniting creative producers
The dominant event in European politics in the 1920s was the rise of fascism , which triumphed in Italy in 1922 , and was then gaining strength in Germany .
Zetkin made an important contribution to Marxism ’s understanding of this unprecedented phenomenon .
Zetkin believed that in these conditions of generalised social crisis , the workers ’ united front must be extended far beyond the industrial proletariat .
Her distinctive approach is indicated by a word used by her , and only by her , with reference to the forces that must be united : die Schaffenden , a German word combining the meaning of “ producers ” and “ creators ” .
The Schaffenden , Zetkin says , are “ all those whose labour , be it with hand or brain , increases the material and cultural heritage of humankind , without exploiting the labour of others ” . [ 26 ]
They include many who are not exploited wage labourers – whether fisherfolk , artists or physicians – but are nonetheless victims of capitalism whom the proletariat must strive to win .
Commenting on a strike by German civil servants working on the railways , she viewed it as symptomatic of disintegration in the German state .
Communists should “ develop their ties among all public employees – not just railwaymen and postal workers but teachers , judicial clerks , etc. ” .
Addressing a united front , anti-fascist conference in 1923 , Zetkin explained that “ broad layers of petty bourgeois and intellectuals have lost the conditions of life of the pre-war period .
They are not proletarianised but pauperised ” .
Their hopes in capitalist democracy have been betrayed ; it no longer produces reforms .
But the proletariat offers them a road forward , because “ only revolutionary class struggle wins reforms ” . [ 27 ]
The struggle against fascism
Zetkin ’s concept of creative producers gives depth to her analysis of fascism .
Unlike other forms of right - wing dictatorship , fascism is sustained “ not by a narrow caste but by broad social layers , large masses that reach even into the proletariat ” , she told a Comintern conference in 1923 .
“ We can not defeat them through military means alone . ” [ 28 ]
She regarded fascism as “ an expression of the decay and disintegration of the capitalist economy and a symptom of collapse of the bourgeois state ” .
In these social conditions , Zetkin continued , not only is the proletariat driven into poverty , but petty - bourgeois layers , peasants and intellectuals are proletarianised . [ 29 ]
These layers “ have lost faith not only in reformist [ Social Democratic ] leaders but in socialism itself . ”
Fascism offers a “ refuge for the politically homeless and socially uprooted , who are disillusioned and deprived of the basis for living ” .
Yet “ the vital interests of these layers is in growing contradiction to the capitalist order ” , as is also their “ longing to rise to a higher cultural level ” .
Such “ despairing layers need hope , a new world outlook ” , which the proletariat can provide . [ 30 ]
These ideas were taken up by the International Provisional Committee Against Fascism , formed in 1923 with Zetkin and the French author Henri Barbusse as co-chairs . [ 31 ]
Zetkin in Stalin ’s Comintern
This promising beginning was undone the following year when the Communist International and its KPD reverted to a more extreme version of the ultraleftism of the “ theory of the offensive ” period .
Social Democracy was now seen as a “ wing of German fascism ” , or , in Stalin ’s word , its “ twin ” .
The term “ united front ” was still used , but it was now to be a “ united front from below ” , that is , no appeals to leaders of other political currents ; instead , attempts to win rank - and - file workers to Communist - led movements .
This reversal was dictated by the tactical needs of a bureaucratic faction that ruled in Moscow , in the first stage of a process that quickly led to the Communist International ’s degeneration .
Except for a partial respite in 1926 - 27 , Zetkin now became an oppositionist , expressing her most deeply held views only in private letters , closed meetings and confidential memos .
The then - dominant left faction of the KPD was aligned with Comintern president Gregory Zinoviev , and in 1926 they followed him into the United Opposition , led by Zinoviev and Trotsky .
Zetkin allowed her animosity to the German ultralefts to colour her assessment of this new opposition .
She lined up with Nikolai Bukharin , then allied with Stalin , in a combination that was promoting bureaucratisation of the Communist International .
Tragically , in 1927 she vocally supported measures to expel the United Opposition ’s supporters .
Only two years later , Zetkin supported the current led by Bukharin , the so - called “ Right Opposition ” , in its rebellion against an ultraleft turn in Stalin ’s policies .
Bukharin ’s tendency was defeated , and its supporters expelled or forced to recant .
Zetkin alone remained at her post , never recanting her views , and proclaiming them when she could in letters , memos and personal discussions .
She made no secret of her scorn for Stalin , once writing of him , in the chauvinist idiom of the era , as “ a schizophrenic woman wearing men ’s pants ” . [ 32 ]
During these tormented years , her health , never good , gave way .
Circulatory problems increasingly impeded her walking .
She suffered the after effects of malaria , and in her last years she was almost blind .
She held to the hope that the Communist International could be reformed – as did Bukharin , Trotsky and almost all Communist oppositionists at that time .
She did not quit the official Communist movement .
But she could not prevent Stalin from utilising her enormous prestige for his own purposes .
On one occasion she managed to assert in print that she disagreed with the Comintern ’s line .
Two of her closely argued critiques of Stalinist policy somehow reached independent socialist periodicals , which published them .
Zetkin ’s greatest concern was the rise of German fascism .
Faced with this threat , the Communist International retreated into sectarianism , branding the Social Democrats as fascist , rejecting a broad alliance against Hitlerism , and making no attempt to prepare concerted resistance .
Zetkin favoured a united front response , a position similar to that championed by Trotsky and the Left Opposition .
When the German parliament reconvened in 1932 , it was Zetkin ’s right , as its oldest member , to officially open the session .
When she heard this , she exclaimed , “ I ’ll do it , dead or alive . ”
The Nazis vowed to kill her if she appeared .
Now near death , she was carried in a chair to the speaker ’s platform , to face an arrogant throng of uniformed Nazi deputies .
Her voice , weak at first , grew in volume and passion , [ 33 ] expressing both her defiance and her insight into how the fascist menace could be defeated :
The most important immediate task is the formation of a United Front of all workers in order to turn back fascism …
Before this compelling historical necessity , all inhibiting and dividing political , trade union , religious and ideological opinions must take a back seat . [ 34 ]
Nonetheless , the German workers ’ movement went down without making a stand .
In the early months of 1933 , the Nazis took power and crushed the Communist Party and the workers ’ movement .
Clara Zetkin died in July that year .
It was a time of defeat and demoralisation .
Had she lived five years longer , she would have witnessed the Communist International turn sharply to the right , embracing alliances with bourgeois forces in defence of capitalism , while Stalin organised the murder of almost all her friends and colleagues then living in the Soviet Union .
What does Clara Zetkin say to us today ?
Let me suggest three points :
Political conditions and class relations have changed enormously since Zetkin ’s time .
But her insistence on the need for unity in action on the road toward workers ’ power remains valid .
As a communist leader , Zetkin was distinguished by her attention and sensitivity to the moods of more backward and more privileged working people .
A revolutionary party leadership should not consist solely of such leaders .
On the other hand , such a leadership needs to encompass this outlook .
Zetkin ’s example illustrates the need for inclusivity and breadth in the leadership of a revolutionary party .
Clara Zetkin was often wrong , sometimes tragically so .
Yet she succeeded in contributing enormously to the struggle for human liberation in her time .
She provides an example of what we , working together , can achieve in the coming decades .
Zetkin : A life of struggle for socialism
Clara Zetkin was one of the most prominent leaders of the world movement for socialism from 1890 until her death in 1933 .
Zetkin was born in 1859 in Saxony , when it was still one of several dozen German feudal principalities then in the earliest stages of industrialisation .
Trained as a teacher , in 1878 she joined the German socialist movement , later known as the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) .
The repressive policies of the newly established German empire forced her into exile in 1882 .
She returned in 1890 and joined her party ’s publishing apparatus as editor of a women ’s rights magazine , Die Gleichheit ( Equality ) .
Ten years later , Zetkin joined her close friend Rosa Luxemburg in opposing the “ revisionist ” policies of Eduard Bernstein , who had abandoned the goal of socialist revolution .
She also led the struggle to win the Socialist International to a campaign for women ’s personal freedom , political rights , and to equality on the job .
During the first years of the new century , Zetkin resisted the SPD leadership ’s drift to the right and took part in the initial steps towards creation of a revolutionary opposition current .
When war broke out in 1914 , the SPD leaders betrayed socialist principles by committing the party to support of German government ’s war effort .
Zetkin was among the first party leaders to protest .
In 1915 , she convened a socialist women ’s conference that was the first international gathering to reassert the principle of unity of working people across the battle lines .
Zetkin joined Luxemburg during the war in launching the Spartacus League , the revolutionary current that founded the German Communist Party ( KPD ) in January 1919 .
Die Gleichheit was reborn under her editorship as Kommunistin ( Communist Woman ) .
She served as an elected deputy in Germany ’s parliament from 1920 until her death .
From 1921 , she supported the wing of the German party most committed to the united front policy .
She was a prominent leader of resistance to international fascism .
Zetkin headed the Communist Women ’s International from 1921 until its dissolution in 1926 .
During this period , and until her death , she worked primarily in Moscow as part of the Communist International ’s apparatus .
She carried out major responsibilities in international efforts to defend workers from political repression .
In 1928 , Joseph Stalin imposed an ultraleft policy on the Communist International , rejecting the united front approach .
Zetkin strongly opposed this turn .
Defeated but unrepentant , she continued her work in the International until her death near Moscow in 1933 .
[ A version of this article was first published in the November - December 2009 , issue of International Socialist Review ( www.isreview.org) and is reprinted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission .
John Riddell is co-editor of Socialist Voice ( www.socialistvoice.ca) -- where this version first appeared -- and editor of eight annotated volumes of Communist International documents , including two announced for publication in 2011 . ]
Notes
Pineberries look like albino strawberries and taste like pineapples .
WTF IS UP WITH THAT , MOTHER NATURE ?
Bitch you crazy as hell !
Grown in glasshouses , pineberries start off green , gradually turning paler as they ripen .
When the fruit is sweet and juicy enough to eat , the flesh is almost totally white but studded with red seeds - the reverse of the usual variety .
Discovered wild in South America and rescued from extinction by Dutch farmers ... they are smaller than most commercially grown strawberries , measuring between 15 and 23 mm across - slightly less than an inch .
The pineberry is said to combine the shape and texture of a strawberry with a flavour and smell closer to that of a pineapple .
I want some .
I just had part of a cherimoya with lunch , but I could still use some of these berries .
After all , variety IS the spice of life .
Or is it cumin ?
* swish *
Pineberries and cream ?
The new summer fruit which looks like a white strawberry ... but tastes like a pineapple [ dailymail ]
Thanks to Dante , who was the first to successfully grow strawapples but a plague of locusts wiped them out .
Just like in the Bible .
Social networking websites are becoming increasingly popular in Gaza
By Jon Donnison
BBC News , Gaza
In a busy internet cafe in the centre of Gaza City , lots of people , mostly young , are typing and clicking away .
Some of them are engrossed in the world of Facebook .
" I use it 10 hours a day , " says Mohammed who owns the shop .
" I have over 200 Facebook friends . "
But Hamas , the Islamist movement that controls the Gaza Strip , believes the population 's love of social networking websites is making it easier for Israel to recruit spies .
Israel has long maintained networks of informers in the West Bank and Gaza in its effort to derail the activities of militant groups .
Historically , collaborators have often been killed if discovered , and this week Hamas announced it would execute anyone caught acting as an agent for Israel .
Personal problems Facebook " is a big , big thing that the Israelis use " , says Ehab al - Hussein , a spokesman for the Hamas - run interior ministry .
" Many people do n't have security sense .
They go on the internet and talk about all their personal problems such as with their wives or girlfriends , " he says .
Israel 's intelligence services can then contact people by telephone , e-mail or using existing Israeli agents in Gaza , and use the information to pressure people to become spies .
If in 50 years they open up the secret files of the Israeli secret services , the sophistication of electronics that is being used by Israel now in the Gaza Strip would put even the legendary Q from the James Bond movies to shame
Ronen Bergman
Expert on Israeli intelligence
The internet " allows them to make people feel Israel knows everything about them " , says Mr Hussein .
Ronen Bergman , an Israeli expert on intelligence and author of Israel 's Secret War with Iran , says monitoring social networking sites is the very minimum you would expect from his country 's intelligence services .
" Israel is using the personal information that is put in massive amounts on the internet to identify the people who can maybe help Israel , " he says .
" If in 50 years they open up the secret files of the Israeli secret service , the Shin Bet , and military intelligence , the sophistication of electronics that is being used by Israel now in the Gaza Strip would put even the legendary Q from the James Bond movies to shame . "
But Mr Bergman says that the intelligence community 's current thinking is that using personal information gleaned from the internet to pressure or even blackmail potential informants is not considered effective in recruiting long - term informants .
He says such threats are not often enough to get people to commit such a serious offence as collaborating .
But online detail , he says , can help intelligence services identify people who might be useful - such as those with good access to Hamas or to criminal networks .
When asked to comment , the Israeli government said it was not its practice to talk about its security services ' modes of operation .
Phone fears Even Mr Hussein admits he has a Facebook page , " but I 'm careful about the information I put on , " he says .
" I only say I am a Hamas spokesman . "
He is probably not the only member of Hamas communicating on Facebook and the internet .
This is partly because other forms of communication , particularly mobile phones , are easily bugged and can be used to track movements , Mr Bergman says , so the internet has become a more preferable option .
Virtually all Palestinians leaving Gaza now do so for medical reasons
One reason Israeli intelligence is watching the social networking websites to try to identify potential informants is because a historical source of collaborators no longer exists , according to Mr Bergman .
Up until the second intifada , or Palestinian uprising , started in 2000 , thousands of Gazans had permits to enter Israel each day to work .
These people had direct contact with Israelis and were sometimes approached by Israeli intelligence officers and asked to collaborate .
But these days the border is virtually sealed .
Virtually the only Palestinians allowed through are often in wheelchairs or bandaged up , seeking medical treatment in Israel .
Some of those say they 've been asked for information about Hamas and Islamic Jihad .
" They asked if I knew any people in my neighbourhood who were members , " says Khaled , a young man from Gaza City , who will give only his first name .
' Not safe '
He had to go to Israel to seek medical treatment after being injured in last year 's conflict with Israel .
He says he did not pass on any information that the Israelis would not already have known .
But he gives an insight into how intelligence officers pressure people to become informants .
" They say that they know everything about you , but actually it 's information you have already published on Facebook , " he says .
" It 's not safe to publish such information - I believe it allows Israel to keep watching our movements . "
Last year , Israel dismissed as " simply ludicrous " allegations that its security forces had told Palestinians seeking permits to exit Gaza for medical treatment that they would only be allowed to leave if they supplied information on militant groups .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There is a direct connection between replacing fossil fuels with solar energy and the reduction of the risks of asthma , heart attacks and other ailments .
It ’s official .
Peter Steele of Type O Negative has passed away .
The band ’s official website has confirmed the reports of his death on the evening of April 14th from heart failure .
He was 48 .
Be sure to visit www.typeonegative.net to pay your respects or weigh in with your thoughts below .
Reports began circulating this morning on the Internet that Peter Steele , the forty - eight year old bassist / singer for gothic rock band , Type O Negative had died from heart failure on Wednesday , April 14 , 2010 .
Steele ’s friend Juliya Chernetsky from Fuse TV broke the news via her Twitter page .
“ Peter Steele passed today .
I loved my friend … our idol…my heart is with his band and family … ” adding later that “ he passed of heart failure ” .
This is not the first time that reports of Peter Steele ’s death have surfaced .
In 2005 there were rumors circulating that Steele had died .
This time around however , it appears that the 6 ′ 7 ″ rocker has indeed tasted death ’s sweet kiss .
Born Peter Ratajczyk on January 4 , 1962 in Brooklyn , New York , Steele fronted Type O Negative .
The band was dark and moody with songs containing dramatic lyrical themes of romance , depression and death .
Type O Negative went platinum in 1993 with “ Bloody Kisses ” .
Their latest album was produced in 2007 and is titled , “ Dead Again ” .
Source : Blabbermouth.net
Jason Price founded the mighty Icon Vs. Icon more than a decade ago .
Along the way , he ’s assembled an amazing group of like - minded individuals to spread the word on some of the most unique people and projects on the pop culture landscape .
I am reading up on the assassination of Hamas leader Mahmoud al - Mabhouh with red cones .
Never ever have so many operational details come out about missions like this .
Twenty years ago this would have gone on file as a ‘ highly suspicious death ’ , but in this day and age of CCTV camera ’s it did not go unnoticed .
What is special this time is that a ( must see ) video just was released by Dubai police , and it looks like a hollywood production .
The link to this blog ? … since the murder took place in a hotel , I was immediately interested to read details on how they gained entry .
And there still are some things unclear about it , even though this article speaks about “ They entered the room using copies of keys they had somehow acquired . ”
This could point to the fact a lot of electronic hotel door locks have a mechanical override .
Most of the time there is a mechanical lock mounted under the handle of the door that can be opened with a master key .
In some cases the lock is even hidden under a sticker or label , but in most hotels I visited there is a lock present in case the electronic lock fails ( in some countries it is not legal to rely only on the electronics ) .
I know that in some hotel locks a mechanical opening is still recorded by the electronics in the lock and will end up in the log files .
To get hold of the masterkey , one could rent a room in the same hotel and simply ( for an intelligence agency that is ) take the mechanical lock out the door , take it apart and make the master key based on the now known pin lenght .
( Or if you believe the myth , ‘ they ’ already have done all the fieldwork and collected the mechanical master keys to all important hotels in advance anyway …)
Another way to open some hotel doors would be to simply go under the door and grab the handle from the inside using a special tool .
As you can see in this video , it is not so difficult .
And the tool used to go under the door is even available in a ‘ government only ’ version .
This version can easily been taken apart into small segments but is only sold to government agents .
And I suggest a slightly modified tool like the one on the video was used for the finishing touch of the murder .
To make it look like a natural death , they locked the chain on the inside of the door …
It is all a funny coincidence as the video of the tool was just shot a couple of weeks ago when Han Fey and I did a presentation at the famous IT - Defense security congress Germany .
It is a congress where we always meet lots of interesting people and always get a lot of invitations to give more presentations and / or workshops .
We were originally invited to just do some hands on workshops and teach people the basic locksport / lockpicking skills , as well as a few simple opening techniques like shimming doors etc .
But when some of the conference speakers missed their plane , we were asked to give an ’ emergency presentation ’ to fill the gap .
And as we do not like to give the same presentation twice , we shot some video ( using a mobile phone ) on the spot late at night about the door opening tool ( and how to protect yourself against it ) and inserted it into a compilation of existing presentations .
Originally I did not intend to release the video as it shows me opening a door , but in this case I make an exception …
And for those of you who want to know more on the inner working of hotel locks , I have blogged about it before ( including a video of ‘ how it is made ’ ) … .
Still working on a proper C2E2 write up .
In the meantime , let ’s speculate wildly about Joss Whedon possibly , maybe , definitely directing The Avengers movie .
What Whedonisms should he include in the film and which ones should he hold back on ?
As a fan of his Astonishing X - Men run I have high hopes in his ability to breath new life into a decades old superhero franchise , but as a person with a functional memory I know Whedon ’s projects do n’t always turn out as he plans .
Often the suits and execs and various other meddlers twist his creative vision into piles of disjointed poo .
What say you good commenter ?
The Dallas Scifi Expo is this weekend .
I will be sharing a table with Randy from Something * Positive so put on your Storm Trooper helmet and come say hi .
I have on good authority a man called Jayne is going to be there .
Do n’t Forget !
[ Edward shirts now at Topatoco ! ]
Trafficking in persons :
current situation : the International Labour Organization conservatively estimated that 20.9 million people in 2012 were victims of forced labor , representing the full range of human trafficking ( also referred to as ' modern - day slavery ' ) for labor and sexual exploitation ; about one - third of reported cases involved crossing international borders , which is often associated with sexual exploitation ; trafficking in persons is most prevalent in southeastern Europe , Eurasia , and Africa and least frequent in EU member states , Canada , the US , and other developed countries tier rating : Tier 2 Watch List : countries that do not fully comply with the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking but are making significant efforts to do so ; ( 44 countries ) Antigua and Barbuda , Bolivia , Botswana , Bulgaria , Burkina Faso , Burma , Cambodia , China , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Republic of the Congo , Costa Rica , Cuba , Djibouti , Egypt , Gabon , Ghana , Guinea , Guyana , Haiti , Jamaica , Laos , Lebanon , Lesotho , Malaysia , Maldives , Mali , Mauritius , Namibia , Pakistan , Papua New Guinea , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Solomon Islands , Sri Lanka , Sudan , Suriname , Tanzania , Timor - Leste , Trinidad and Tobago , Tunisia , Turkmenistan , Ukraine , Uzbekistan countries that do not fully comply with the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking but are making significant efforts to do so ; ( 44 countries ) Antigua and Barbuda , Bolivia , Botswana , Bulgaria , Burkina Faso , Burma , Cambodia , China , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Republic of the Congo , Costa Rica , Cuba , Djibouti , Egypt , Gabon , Ghana , Guinea , Guyana , Haiti , Jamaica , Laos , Lebanon , Lesotho , Malaysia , Maldives , Mali , Mauritius , Namibia , Pakistan , Papua New Guinea , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Solomon Islands , Sri Lanka , Sudan , Suriname , Tanzania , Timor - Leste , Trinidad and Tobago , Tunisia , Turkmenistan , Ukraine , Uzbekistan Tier 3 : countries that neither satisfy the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking nor demonstrate a significant effort to do so ; ( 23 countries ) Algeria , Belarus , Belize , Burundi , Central African Republic , Comoros , Equatorial Guinea , Eritrea , The Gambia , Guinea - Bissau , Iran , North Korea , Kuwait , Libya , Marshall Islands , Mauritania , Russia , South Sudan , Syria , Thailand , Venezuela , Yemen , Zimbabwe
Definition : Trafficking in persons is modern - day slavery , involving victims who are forced , defrauded , or coerced into labor or sexual exploitation .
The International Labor Organization ( ILO ) , the UN agency charged with addressing labor standards , employment , and social protection issues , estimates that 12.3 million people worldwide are enslaved in forced labor , bonded labor , forced child labor , sexual servitude , and involuntary servitude at any given time .
Human trafficking is a multi- dimensional threat , depriving people of their human rights and freedoms , risking global health , promoting social breakdown , inhibiting development by depriving countries of their human capital , and helping fuel the growth of organized crime .
In 2000 , the US Congress passed the Trafficking Victims Protection Act ( TVPA ) , reauthorized in 2003 and 2005 , which provides tools for the US to combat trafficking in persons , both domestically and abroad .
One of the law 's key components is the creation of the US Department of State 's annual Trafficking in Persons Report , which assesses the government response ( i.e. , the current situation ) in some 150 countries with a significant number of victims trafficked across their borders who are recruited , harbored , transported , provided , or obtained for forced labor or sexual exploitation .
Countries in the annual report are rated in three tiers , based on government efforts to combat trafficking .
The countries identified in this entry are those listed in the 2010 Trafficking in Persons Report as Tier 2 Watch List or Tier 3 based on the following tier rating definitions :
Tier 2 Watch List countries do not fully comply with the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking but are making significant efforts to do so , and meet one of the following criteria :
1. they display high or significantly increasing number of victims ,
2. they have failed to provide evidence of increasing efforts to combat trafficking in persons , or ,
3. they have committed to take action over the next year .
Tier 3 countries neither satisfy the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking nor demonstrate a significant effort to do so .
Countries in this tier are subject to potential non-humanitarian and non-trade sanctions .
Source : CIA World Factbook -
This page was last updated on December 7 , 2019
1 .
Click Start
Right Click on My Computer
Click Properties
2 .
Click on the Advanced Tab
Then the first Settings Button
3 .
Choose " Adjust for best performance "
4. Scroll down
Check the last two boxes
Then Click OK
That 's it .
Now Windows wo n't eat up memory every time you open or close a window or click on a menu .
And it was so easy !
::EDIT : : Many people have told me that they also check the " Smooth edges of screen fonts " box .
This is box is up to you .
ClickRight Click onClickClick on theTabThen the firstButtonChoose " Check the Then Click That 's it .
Now Windows wo n't eat up memory every time you open or close a window or click on a menu .
And it was so easy !:: EDIT : : Many people have told me that they also check thebox .
This is box is up to you .
Anytime I install a fresh copy of Windows XP or I create a new user there is one thing I do .
It 's probably the simplest tweak I do , but it's also one of the most effective at speeding up EVERYTHING in Windows .
This tweak only cost you 5 % of Windows visual appearance .
It 's so unnoticable that you will only know something has changed because you changed it .
Ok , on with the tweak :
