Serious accusations from two highly talented experts in intrusion detection leave the rest of us wondering just where IDS is headed .
Matt Jonkman and Martin Roesch have been bickering .
Jonkman 's claims that IDS technology has been " stagnant for the last five years " prompted Roesch , the author of the venerable Snort , to fire back that Suricata is " a clone of Snort that performs worse at taxpayer 's expense . "
Unfortunately , the flame wars stirred pent up frustrations among the projects ' leaders .
Source Fire 's Vulnerability Research Team ( VRT ) continued the debate through performance tests posted on its blog , contending that " Suricata 's performance is n't just bad ; it 's hideously , unforgivably bad . "
The article goes on to state that Suricata 's capabilities are inherently limited by its choice of the Snort rule language , and that despite a million dollars in development , the OISF has " failed , utterly , to deliver on their promises . "
A rabid reader known as evilghost brought the article to the attention of the snort - sigs mailing list , revealing his plans to creatively combine toilet paper , VRT , and a night of heavy drinking .
Jonkman eagerly weighed in that the OISF is " not really here to challenge Source Fire , " and that it offers " the olive branch of cooperation . "
Jonkman also vehemently repudiated Source Fire 's statements regarding the use of multi- threading , citing Cisco 's successful implementation as proof of concept .
Roesch replied on the defensive , pointing to Jonkman as the initiator of the debate , and claiming that Source Fire " responded when the press started calling us and asking us for our thoughts . "
He points out a number of Suricata 's commonalities with Snort and the limitations that come with it , then closes by suggesting that the " concept of peaceful coexistence only works if both parties are honest about their intentions . "
Subscribers without evilghost 's , err , " stomach for controversy " called for the debate to be continued offline , but Jonkman needed one more round .
In an unprompted and long winded argument regarding the OISF 's non-profit status and aggressive stance against commercialization , he says that " there is n't commercial advantage in building new engines alone .
The money goes to management / forensics consoles , rules , and big fast boxes .
The engine is an afterthought , and no one is interested in paying for one over another . "
His closing question is a cliffhanger .
" Does Sourcefire have any interest in cooperating or collaborating with the foundation ? "
The response ?
" As requested by many , replied to privately . "
The entire episode is a marked departure from a cooperative attitude in years past .
In what was perhaps their earliest exchange on the same mailing list in January , 2002 , Roesch answered a question from Jonkman about Snort 's stream4 TCP stream module .
" If you want to take a stab at implementing it , I 'll take a look at what you come up with . "
Jonkman replied , " I appreciate getting the info straight from the horse 's mouth . "
Name calling since the beginning .
Photographs by Paul Masi
Gregory and Victoria Masi Pryor ’s second home in Montauk is a far cry from the fishing cottages and sixties prefab A - frame houses of their childhood summers on the East End .
But it is a classic beach abode in one regard :
It lets a whole lot of the outside in .
“ We wanted to open up the house and make it like one big screened - in porch , ” Victoria says .
“ Our children [ two boys , ages 11 and 13 ] can be indoors and outdoors at the same time here . ”
The transition from interior to exterior is especially seamless on the ground floor , with 36 - foot - long glass pocket doors vanishing into the walls , and the living room ’s walnut floors ending right where a gravel - and - bluestone path begins .
The overall effect is of a very modular — and luxurious — hilltop campsite .
1. Roof Deck
2.Penthouse
3. Printing Studio
4. Showroom
The Living Room
The brass - instrument sculpture over the sofa is by Sherman himself .
“ I bought all these off eBay , went down to a welder in Park Slope , and stood there and had him weld it , ” he says .
The Printing Studio
Passersby on Pacific Street can watch the wallpaper being made .
“ We were going to put production on the second floor , ” says Sherman , “ when we realized that this is really the interesting part . ”
The Master Bathroom
A little bit nightclub , a little bit commode , with LED lights and walls covered in a Flavor Paper design called Celestial Dragon .
The master bedroom on the second floor opens to a breezeway that runs along the south side of the house , which receives the most natural light .
The Fireplace
A monumental gas fireplace is laid with Ann Sacks limestone tiles and illuminated by one of three pyramid - shaped skylights .
The Entrance
A 24 - foot stretch of limestone begins as a floor path and ends as a countertop .
The kitchen storage and refrigerator are concealed by mock - crocodile - embossed vinyl , which also covers the ceiling .
Emily Pilloton ’s Design Revolution Road Show , the physical embodiment of her non-profit Project H Design rolled into New York a few weeks ago stopping at Metropolis , the Cooper Hewitt National Design Museum and ICFF .
Yes , Project H is hot in U.S. and European design circles , almost as sizzling as IDEO , the Acumen Fund , and One Laptop Per Child .
advertisement
advertisement
And why not ?
Emily ’s Project H is a pure play in using design to do good .
It does n’t get better than this mission statement : Project H Design connects the power of design to the people who need it most , and the places where it can make a real and lasting difference .
We are a team of designers , architects , and builders engaging locally through partnerships with social service organizations , communities , and schools to improve the quality of life for the socially overlooked .
Our five - tenet design process ( There is no design without action ;
We design WITH , not FOR ;
We document , share and measure ;
We start locally and scale globally , We design systems , not stuff ) results in simple and effective design solutions for those without access to creative capital .
Our scalable long - term initiatives focus on improving environments , services , products , and experiences for youth and K - 12 education institutions in the U.S. through systems - level design thinking and deep community engagements .
WE BELIEVE DESIGN CAN CHANGE THE WORLD .
So do I .
But whose design ?
Which solutions ?
What problems ?
One of Project H’s initiatives was to redesign the Hippo Roller , a water transportation device Let me explain .
The last time I saw Emily was in Singapore in the fall at the ICSID World Design Congress where she was receiving a roaring applause from the European and American designers on stage after giving a speech about Project H. I loved that speech because it linked the power of design to the obligation to do good .
In a world awash in consumption , with many designers complicit in designing that consumption , Emily ’s message was right on .
But not to the mostly Asian designer audience .
Of course there was polite applause but , to my surprise , there was also a lot of loud grumbling against Emily along the lines of “ What makes her think she can just come in and solve our problems ? ”
This was a challenge of presumption that just stopped me cold–and sent me back to my Peace Corps days when I heard a lot about Western cultural imperialism from my Filipino friends .
Are designers helping the “ Little Brown Brothers ? ”
Are designers the new anthropologists or missionaries , come to poke into village life , “ understand ” it and make it better –their “ modern ” way ?
advertisement
Naw .
I dismissed the rumblings in the audience against Emily and Project H as insignificant .
After all , what were those Asian designers doing for their own poor people in villages and towns in India , the Philippines , and China ?
Then , some months later at Parsons School for Design , the same thing happened .
I went to a talk by IDIOM Design , one of India ’s top design consultancies .
Might Indian , Brazilian and African designers have important design lessons to teach Western designers ?
At the end of a great presentation , a 20 - something woman from the Acumen Fund rushed to the front and said in the proudest , most optimistic , breathless way that Acumen was teaming up with IDEO and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to design better ways of delivering safe drinking water to Indian villagers .
She said this to the Indian businessman Kishoreji Biyani , who is the key investor in IDIOM , and to my stunned surprise–and hers–he groused that there was a better , Indian way of solving the problem .
She did n’t know what to say .
And I did n’t either .
I know the Acumen and IDEO people and they , like Emily , are the very best .
I know the IDIOM folks and they , too , are the very best .
And I have met Mr. Biyani in India and he is an amazing businessman .
But he , too , like many in the Asian audience in Singapore , took offense at Western design intervention in his country .
So what ’s going on ?
Did what I see in these two occasions represent something wider and deeper ?
Is the new humanitarian design coming out of the U.S. and Europe being perceived through post - colonial eyes as colonialism ?
Are the American and European designers presuming too much in their attempt to do good ?
As I pondered this , I remembered the contretemps over One Laptop Per Child , an incredibly ambitious project sponsored by all the good guys –the MIT Media Lab , Pentagram , Continuum , fuseproject .
advertisement
The OLPC XO - 3 , a touchscreen pad device , is planned to debut in 2012 Again , I know most of the players and they are good souls .
The laptop itself is wonderful , with a beautiful shape and unique interface .
Yet , OLPC failed in its initial plan to drop millions of inexpensive computers into villages , to hook kids directly to the Web and , in effect , get them to educate themselves .
The Indian establishment locked OLPC out precisely because it perceived the effort as inappropriate technological colonialism that cut out those responsible for education in the country — policymakers , teachers , curriculum builders , parents .
OLPC never got into China either .
Or most of the large nations it had originally targeted .
So where are we with humanitarian design ?
I know almost all of my Gen Y students want to do it because their value system is into doing good globally .
Young designers in consultancies and corporations want to do humanitarian design for the same reason .
But should we take a moment now that the movement is gathering speed to ask whether or not American and European designers are collaborating with the right partners , learning from the best local people , and being as sensitive as they might to the colonial legacies of the countries they want to do good in .
Do designers need to better see themselves through the eyes of the local professional and business classes who believe their countries are rising as the U.S. and Europe fall and wonder who , in the end , has the right answers ?
Might Indian , Brazilian and African designers have important design lessons to teach Western designers ?
And finally , one last question : why are we only doing humanitarian design in Asia and Africa and not Native American reservations or rural areas , where standards of education , water and health match the very worst overseas ?
As Democrats in Congress propose a bill Wednesday to crack down on toxics in cosmetics , a new video highlights the prevalence of such chemicals .
The legislation , by Reps. Jan Schakowsky , D - Ill. , and Ed Markey , D - Mass. , would empower the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to require that safety information about ingredients in personal care products be collected and disclosed .
Under current law , the FDA can't require cosmetics companies to conduct safety assessments , approve the labeling of their products before entering the market or order recalls .
Follow Green House on Twitter
The seven - minute Story of Cosmetics video , released today , says fewer than 20 % of chemicals in cosmetics have been assessed by the industry 's safety panel .
It 's co-produced by The Story of Stuff Project , the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics and Free Range Studios .
" The FDA does n't even assess the safety of personal care products , or their ingredients , " says narrator Annie Leonard , host of the 20 - minute Story of Stuff movie that has been viewed more than 10 million times since it went online in December 2007 and author of The Story of Stuff : How Our Obsession With Stuff Is Trashing The Planet , Our Communities and Our Health — and a Vision for Change .
" Not all of these chemicals are dangerous .
But we know that many are .
Some are carcinogens – that means they can cause cancer .
Others are neurotoxins and reproductive toxins , " Leonard says in the new video , which calls for legislation to remove toxics from products .
" It turns out the average American bathroom is a minefield of toxic chemicals , " Leonard writes today on The Huffington Post , in describing what she learned in making the video .
The Story of Cosmetics is the third in a series of videos by The Story of Stuff Project .
The first one , The Story of Cap & Trade , has received more than 600,000 views since it went online in December 2009 and The Story of Bottled Water has had more than 700,000 views since its March 2010 debut .
“ Sad ” Chris Wallace on debate : “ I never dreamt that it would go off the tracks the way it did ”
Russia 's defense spending to rise by 60 % by 2013 - paper
RIA Novosti
09:34 30/07/2010 MOSCOW , July 30 ( RIA Novosti ) - Russian defense spending will increase by 60 percent , to more than 2 trillion rubles ( $ 66.3 million ) by 2013 from 1.264 trillion ( $ 42 million ) in 2010 , a leading Russian business daily said on Friday .
The Russian government made the relevant decision during a meeting on Thursday .
The largest growth is planned for 2013 , when the figure will rise by 0.5 trillion rubles ( $ 16.6 million ) , Vedomosti reported .
Konstantin Makiyenko from the Russian Center for Analysis of Strategies and Technologies ( CAST ) told the paper that the government is likely to spend more on the Navy , as well as the aviation and space industries .
The construction of advanced submarines , including Yasen and Borei class subs , and Bulava ballistic missiles , as well as the construction of three new Talwar class frigates , three Improved Kilo class subs and other vessels for the Russian Black Sea Fleet are likely to require the largest part of the planned spending , Makiyenko said .
The budged allocation should also consider spending on the construction of the first two Mistral class amphibious assault ships under a Russian - French deal , a Russian military plant manager told Vedomosti .
This may account to about $ 0.5 billion , he estimated .
Russia is currently in talks with France on the purchase of two Mistral class helicopter carriers and the construction of two others under a French license .
Besides this , Russia is planning to spend 80 billion rubles ( $ 2.65 billion ) on 60 Su-family fighter jets starting 2010 , and buy 26 MiG - 29 K Fulcrum - D carrier - based fighter jets , with the expected contract estimated at about 25 billion rubles ( more than $ 828 million ) , a military aircraft plant manager told the paper .
The plans also include the purchase of 32 Su - 34 Flanker fighter bombers under the 2008 contract ( a single plane then cost more than 1.1 billion rubles ( $ 36.4 million ) , he said .
More than a trillion dollars has been appropriated since September 11 , 2001 for U.S. military operations in Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere .
This makes the “ war on terrorism ” the most costly of any military engagement in U.S. history in absolute terms or , if correcting for inflation , the second most expensive U.S. military action after World War II .
A newly updated report from the Congressional Research Service estimated the financial costs of major U.S. wars from the American Revolution ( $ 2.4 billion in FY 2011 dollars ) to World War I ( $ 334 billion ) to World War II ( $ 4.1 trillion ) to the second Iraq war ( $ 784 billion ) and the war in Afghanistan ( $ 321 billion ) .
CRS provided its estimates in current year dollars ( i.e. the year they were spent ) and in constant year dollars ( adjusted for inflation ) , and as a percentage of gross domestic product .
Many caveats apply to these figures , which are spelled out in the CRS report .
In constant dollars , World War II is still the most expensive of all U.S. wars , having consumed a massive 35.8 % of GDP at its height and having cost $ 4.1 trillion in FY2011 dollars .
See “ Costs of Major U.S. Wars , ” June 29 , 2010 .
Supercompilation is a program optimisation technique that is particularly effective at eliminating unnecessary overheads .
We have designed a new supercompiler , making many novel choices , including different termination criteria and handling of let bindings .
The result is a supercompiler that focuses on simplicity , compiles programs quickly and optimises programs well .
We have benchmarked our supercompiler , with some programs running more than twice as fast than when compiled with GHC .
I have written a paper building on my Supero work that has been accepted to ICFP 2010 .
Various people have asked for copies of the paper , so I have put the current version online .
This version will be removed in about three weeks and replaced with the final version , although the linked copy has nearly all the changes suggested by the reviewers .
The abstract is : I 've also uploaded a corresponding package to Hackage , but that code should be considered an early version - I intend to revise it before ICFP , to make it easier to run ( currently I change the options by editing the source code ) and include all the benchmarks .
I do n't recommend downloading or using the current version , and wo n't be supporting it in any way , but it 's there for completeness .
In the near future I will be posting more general discussions about supercompilation , and about the work covered in this paper .
In the meantime , if you find any mistakes in the paper , please mention them in the comments !
Currently community .
haskell.org is down , but I have uploaded the paper there anyway .
It should be present when the site recovers .
If you 're wearing an eyepatch as you read this , pay attention : Time Warner Cable is the ISP for you .
According to lawyers currently suing thousands of P2P users in federal court , TWC " is a good ISP for copyright infringers . "
The outrageous behavior that provoked this claim ?
TWC 's unwillingness to process in a timely manner hundreds or thousands of subscriber subpoenas sent from the law firm of Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver .
That firm , now billing itself as the US Copyright Group , has filed thousands of " John Doe " lawsuits on behalf of indie film producers , including the backers of Far Cry and The Hurt Locker .
ISPs do n't enjoy processing this many subpoenas to match IP addresses with subscriber names , so companies like Comcast and Verizon have worked out their own compliance deals with Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver .
Not TWC .
" Copyright cases involving third - party discovery of Internet service providers have typically related to a plaintiff 's efforts to identify anonymous defendants whose numbers rank in the single or low double digits , " the cable company told a federal judge earlier this month .
" By contrast , plaintiff in this case alone seeks identifying information about 2,049 anonymous defendants , and seeks identifying information about 809 Internet Protocol addresses from TWC . "
It continued : " If the Court compels TWC to answer all of these lookup requests given its current staffing , it would take TWC nearly three months of full - time work by TWC's Subpoena Compliance group , and TWC would not be able to respond to any other request , emergency or otherwise , from law enforcement during this period .
TWC has a six - month retention period for its IP lookup logs , and by the time TWC could turn to law enforcement requests , many of these requests could not be answered . "
TWC claimed to have spare lookup capacity for only 28 of these subpoenas each month — a rate at which it would take more than two years to get through them all .
And that 's just for the Far Cry case ; TWC faces numerous other subpoenas from other cases involving other films .
Standing up for pirates ?
Tom Dunlap , the lead lawyer on the case for his firm , last week filed a brief with the judge in which he absolutely trashed TWC 's stance , and its motivations .
Thomas Dunlap
" TWC highlights the fact that it is not a party to this case , " he wrote , " but it appears that TWC is utilizing that fact to garner public support for its position and possibly in an attempt to gain more subscribers who would value TWC 's efforts to protect the privacy of demonstrated copyright infringers .
To the extent TWC ’s tactics are just that — letting the public know that TWC is a good ISP for copyright infringers because TWC will fight any subpoenas related to infringers ’ activities — TWC exposes itself to a claim for contributory copyright infringement . "
This certainly ups the ante — the clear implication is that TWC might find itself on the receiving end of a separate lawsuit alleging contributory copyright infringement .
Dunlap cited the Grokster case , which went all the way to the Supreme Court and ended with a Grokster loss ( and shutdown ) .
The complaint does n't let up on the charge that TWC 's resistance to these mass subpoenas is just about providing aid and comfort to its piratically minded customers .
" TWC ’s tactics show that it is more intent on trying to avoid compliance , while currying favor with its subscribers and potential subscribers , " wrote Dunlap .
Dunlap clearly enjoys administering a good beatdown both inside and outside the courthouse ; his bio notes that he plays rugby , has " US Army Humvee and M1 Tank drivers licenses , " and in 2002 was a " National Silver Medallist in full contact Burmese kickboxing , called Bando . "
I know you want it .
Who does n't ?
You can buy it on
If you liked this post , you can subscribe to the Blame It On The Voices RSS feed and get your regular fix
China has a long history of tolerance towards homosexuality , beginning from the first references to same - sex relationships in the records of the Shang Dynasty ( 16th - 11th centuries BC ) and ending ( after a rather shaky period from 1740 onwards ) with the persecution of homosexuals during the Cultural Revolution .
That ’s over three thousand years of a society that occasionally celebrated same - sex love , occasionally denigrated it , but more often than not , just let people get on with it .
In typical elliptic style — because direct talk of sexual matters was considered unbelievably vulgar — Chinese literature referenced homosexual acts by means of phrases such as ‘ cut sleeve ’ , ‘ bitten peach ’ , or by name - dropping gay historical figures .
The most famous stories are of Mi Zi Xia and his royal lover , Duke Ling of Wei , who shared a peach ( yutao , ‘ leftover peach ’ ) ; and Emperor Ai , who cut off his sleeve to avoid disturbing his sleeping lover Dong Xian , which created a court trend whereby everyone went around cutting their sleeves ( duanxiu , ‘ breaking the sleeve ’ ) .
Qu Yuan , an admired poet of the Warring States period ( 340 - 278 BC ) , wrote poems to his lover , the King of Chu .
Historical documents such as Sima Qian ’s Memoirs of the Historian and the exhaustive dynastic records of the Han dynasty list scores of male favourites of the ruling monarchs .
Throughout the Western Han dynasty ( 206 BC - 23 AD ) , ten of the thirteen emperors took male lovers in addition to the necessary wives and concubines .
Sima Qian wrote that the male favourites were often admired more for their skills in war , administration , or cultural pursuits than for their beauty .
My favourite of the Western Han emperors , Han WuDi ( ‘ the Martial Emperor ’ ) — or Liu Che , to give him his real name — was one of these ‘ bisexual ’ emperors .
Liu
Che liked to keep things within family units , too — his male lovers included an uncle and nephew , plus the famous musician Li Yan Nian and Yan Nian ’s sister , Lady Li .
My novella Fall of a State ( available now from Dreamspinner Press ) is a somewhat fluffy version of the relationship between Liu Che and his musician .
Li Yan Nian is credited with writing the ‘ Northern Beauty ’ song ( a version of which appears in the film House of Flying Daggers when Zhang ZiYi performs for Takeshi Kaneshiro ) , which — due to the Chinese language having no gender for its nouns and pronouns — means the Beauty could refer equally to a man or a woman .
In my story , it does both .
During the period of disunion ( 265-589 ) , in which six separate dynasties ruled and overlapped , the historians of the Liu Song dynasty record that homosexuality was as common as heterosexuality :
“ All the gentlemen and officials esteemed it .
All men in the realm followed this fashion to the extent that husbands and wives were estranged .
Resentful unmarried women became jealous . ”
Efforts were made during the Tang dynasty ( 618-907 ) to restore more of a ‘ traditional ’ moral order .
Somewhat ironically , the first Crown Prince of the dynasty , Li Chen Qian , was gay .
He was later removed from succession , though not for that reason .
By the time of the Song dynasty ( 960 - 1279 ) , an increase in urbanisation and the introduction of paper money caused a growth in prostitution .
A law was passed against male prostitution , but it seemed not to have been enforced with any rigour .
The merchant classes , suddenly given a voice in the historical and literary records , had money to spend and lusts to fulfil .
With their respectable wives raising families at home , the merchants went out partying with pretty young sing - song boys .
[ Rest of the post cut because of explicit historical erotic images – NSFW ! ]
During the affluent Ming dynasty ( 1368 -1644 ) , the southern province of Fujian became famous for its male marriages .
The older man ( qixiong , ‘ adoptive older brother ’ ) paid the ‘ bride price ’ of the younger man ( qidi , ‘ adoptive younger brother ’ ) , and the two men would go through the full , formal wedding ritual before the qidi moved into his qixiong ’s household , in exactly the same way a Chinese bride enters her husband ’s family home .
These male marriages lasted about twenty years before they were dissolved so the qidi could marry and raise a family of his own .
Part of this widespread tolerance was due to the religious beliefs of Chinese culture .
Duty to the family was ( and still is ) of primary importance to the Chinese .
A man needed to have children , particularly a son , and as long as he performed this duty , no one would condemn him for taking male lovers .
A man who only had male lovers , however , was more problematic .
Strict Confucianists looked down on exclusive homosexuality , and though it was considered something of an aberration , there was no serious stigma attached to it .
People did make fun of exclusive same - sex relationships , though .
Here ’s part of Pu SongLing ’s ‘ Jesting Judgement ’ , a highly witty spoof pastiche of Neo-Confucianist anti-homosexual writings of the late Ming / early Qing dynasties , which is appended to his story ‘ Cut Sleeve ’ in Strange Tales From A Chinese Studio :
Illicit trysts
Twixt men and women
Were once thought foul ;
How much fouler reeks
The passion of Cut Sleeve ,
Of Half - Eaten Peach ,
Of love twixt man and man !
Only the mightiest warrior
Can penetrate that tiny bird - track !
The narrow grotto
Leads to no Peach Blossom Spring :
Surely the fisherman
Poled up it by mistake !
Taoism is a complex belief system involving the universal balance of Heaven and Earth , Light and Dark , Yin ( the feminine principle ) and Yang ( the masculine principle ) .
Everything contains a part of its opposite , so men contain yin just as women contain yang .
Homosexual men have an imbalance of yin , hence they ’re attracted to the yang energy of other men .
The Buddhist belief in past lives and karma also accounts for instances of homosexuality .
‘ Karmic hangover ’ is used as an explanation for specific cases of same - sex relationships .
If a man falls in love with his neighbour , perhaps the neighbour was the man ’s wife in a previous life , and chances are the marriage was unhappy — so this M/M relationship is a way of karma redressing the balance .
The man must make his neighbour happy in this life , or risk revisiting the relationship all over again in the next life .
Pu SongLing mentions several instances of these ‘ karmic hangovers ’ .
European visitors ( mostly Jesuit missionaries ) to China during the Ming dynasty expressed their horror at the “ unnatural perversions ” ( Matteo Ricci ) and “ detestable and unnatural acts ” ( John Barrow ) they witnessed around them , and the slow influx of Western ideas and morals over the next two hundred years began to change Chinese perceptions of homosexuality .
In essence , Western homophobia reshaped millennia of tolerance .
In 1740 , during the Qing dynasty ( 1644 -1911 ) , the government passed its first legal proscription of homosexuality .
It was punishable by a month in prison and 100 blows of a stick — the lightest penalty in the legal code .
The growth of Neo-Confucianism , with its strict adherence to rigid rules for the way men and women behaved with one another , gave rise to a period of sexual segregation and repression .
The free expression of love was seen only on stage , and the low social status of actors ( xianggong ) meant they were permitted more freedom in their sex lives .
Male actors who played female roles ( since women were banned from the stage ) were highly sought - after companions for the man - about - town .
Much like the Japanese onnagata , Chinese xianggong or dan became national sex symbols , followed around by screaming fans of both genders .
The cult of the xianggong was such that male homosexuality became the most prevalent form of recreational sex , to the extent that it was difficult to find female prostitutes in the Beijing pleasure quarter of the late 19th century — and those who went looking for female prostitutes were laughed at by their contemporaries .
The end of the imperial dynasties in the early 20th century also signalled an end to the extraordinary tolerance shown towards homosexuality in China .
The Cultural Revolution ( 1966 -1976 ) was a period of horrific persecution and senseless destruction .
Homosexuality was seen as a mental illness , a stigma that endured until April 2001 when the law was repealed .
Incidentally , though I ’ve focused on male same - sex relationships here , there ’s also plenty of evidence for female homosexuality throughout Chinese history .
The references are fewer , as may be expected in a society that kept its women secluded for the most part , but there are several mentions of wives and concubines finding love with one another .
Pu SongLing has a few charming romances featuring lesbian couples , and then as now , girl - on - girl action was considered fascinating by eroticists and pornographers , as can be seen in these Ming - style paintings ( probably dating from the Qing dynasty ) :
Fall of a State by Kate Cotoner
The desire of an emperor …
Bored with his usual palace musicians , the emperor Liu Che is tempted by a new song from lowly qin-player Li Yan Nian .
Yan Nian is also beautiful , and Liu Che is in the mood to take a new lover .
His lovers usually come to him , but Yan Nian ’s shy reticence intrigues the emperor .
The yearning of a man …
Yan Nian has been in love with the emperor since he entered the palace .
Regardless of his heart , he made a promise on his father ’s deathbed to use his musical skills to bring his beloved younger sister to the emperor ’s attention .
However , Lady Li has no intention of becoming an imperial concubine .
The danger of love …
An attack at a victory celebration heralds an attempt on the emperor ’s life , and desire and yearning collide when it ’s revealed there may be no way to protect all the hearts threatened by a plot to overthrow the state .
Available now from Dreamspinner Press .
For the last few weeks , BP has been offering signing bonuses and lucrative pay to prominent scientists from public universities around the Gulf Coast to aid its defense against spill litigation .
BP PLC attempted to hire the entire marine sciences department at one Alabama university , according to scientists involved in discussions with the company 's lawyers .
The university declined because of confidentiality restrictions that the company sought on any research .
The Press - Register obtained a copy of a contract offered to scientists by BP .
It prohibits the scientists from publishing their research , sharing it with other scientists or speaking about the data that they collect for at least the next three years .
Other enterprising oil spill reporting by Ben Raines
" We told them there was no way we would agree to any kind of restrictions on the data we collect .
It was pretty clear we would n't be hearing from them again after that , " said Bob Shipp , head of marine sciences at the University of South Alabama .
" We did n't like the perception of the university representing BP in any fashion . "
BP officials declined to answer the newspaper 's questions about the matter .
Among the questions : how many scientists and universities have been approached , how many are under contract , how much will they be paid , and why the company imposed confidentiality restrictions on scientific data gathered on its behalf .
Shipp said he can't prohibit scientists in his department from signing on with BP because , like most universities , the staff is allowed to do outside consultation for up to eight hours a week .
More than one scientist interviewed by the Press - Register described being offered $ 250 an hour through BP lawyers .
At eight hours a week , that amounts to $ 104,000 a year .
Scientists from Louisiana State University , University of Southern Mississippi and Texas A&M have reportedly accepted , according to academic officials .
Scientists who study marine invertebrates , plankton , marsh environments , oceanography , sharks and other topics have been solicited .
The contract makes it clear that BP is seeking to add scientists to the legal team that will fight the Natural Resources Damage Assessment lawsuit that the federal government will bring as a result of the Gulf oil spill .
The government also filed a NRDA suit after the Exxon Valdez spill .
In developing its case , the government will draw on the large amount of scientific research conducted by academic institutions along the Gulf .
Many scientists being pursued by BP serve at those institutions .
Robert Wiygul , an Ocean Springs lawyer who specializes in environmental law , said that he sees ethical questions regarding the use of publicly owned laboratories and research vessels to conduct confidential work on behalf of a private company .
Also , university officials who spoke with the newspaper expressed concern about the potential loss of federal research money tied to professors working for BP .
With its payments , BP buys more than the scientists ' services , according to Wiygul .
It also buys silence , he said , thanks to confidentiality clauses in the contracts .
" It makes me feel like they were more interested in making sure we could n't testify against them than in having us testify for them , " said George Crozier , head of the Dauphin Island Sea Lab , who was approached by BP .
Richard Shaw , associate dean of LSU's School of the Coast and Environment , said that the BP contracts are already hindering the scientific community 's ability to monitor the affects of the Gulf spill .
" The first order of business at the research meetings is to get all the disclosures out .
Who has a personal connection to BP ?
We have to know how to deal with that person , " Shaw said .
" People are signing on with BP because the government funding to the universities has been so limited .
It 's a sad state of affairs . "
Wiygul , who examined the BP contract for the Press - Register , described it as " exceptionally one - sided . "
" This is not an agreement to do research for BP , " Wiygul said .
" This is an agreement to join BP 's legal team .
You agree to communicate with BP through their attorneys and to take orders from their attorneys .
" The purpose is to maintain any information or data that goes back and forth as privileged . "
The contract requires scientists to agree to withhold data even in the face of a court order if BP decides to fight such an order .
It stipulates that scientists will be paid only for research approved in writing by BP .
The contracts have the added impact of limiting the number of scientists who 're able to with federal agencies .
" Let 's say BP hired you because of your work with fish .
The contract says you can't do any work for the government or anyone else that involves your work with BP .
Now you are a fish scientist who can't study fish , " Wiygul said .
A scientist who spoke to the Press - Register on condition of anonymity because he feared harming relationships with colleagues and government officials said he rejected a BP contract offer and was subsequently approached by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration with a research grant offer .
He said the first question the federal agency asked was , " 'is there a conflict of interest , ' meaning , ' are you under contract with BP ? ' "
Other scientists told the newspaper that colleagues who signed on with BP have since been informed by federal officials that they will lose government funding for ongoing research efforts unrelated to the spill .
NOAA officials did not answer requests for comment .
The agency also did not respond to a request for the contracts that it offers scientists receiving federal grants .
Several scientists said the NOAA contract was nearly as restrictive as the BP version .
The state of Alaska published a 293 - page report on the NRDA process after the Exxon Valdez disaster .
A section of the report titled " NRDA Secrecy " discusses anger among scientists who received federal grants over " the non-disclosure form each researcher had signed as a prerequisite to funding . "
" It 's a very strange situation .
The science is already suffering , " Shaw said .
" The government needs to come through with funding for the universities .
They are letting go of the most important group of scientists , the ones who study the Gulf . "
STATEN ISLAND , N.Y . --
The kids are home from school , the vacation requests have been granted .
With the warm weather here and mostly reruns on TV , summer is the perfect opportunity to get out with the family and make new memories .
With “ staycations ” still a popular trend , consider taking a family excursion without leaving Staten Island .
“ There are a lot of things you can do [ here ] that are inexpensive , ” said Larry Ambrosino , executive director of SINY , which promotes local attractions and events .
He suggests taking a drive up Grymes , Todt or Lighthouse hills to take in the spectacular views .
Extend the trip by visiting attractions along Hylan Boulevard .
Start in Rosebank at the Alice Austen House to learn about the prominent Victorian photographer or for free story times offered certain days of the month .
Make a stop for Italian pastries at one of the many local bakeries and go bowling at Rab ’s Country Lanes .
If you follow Forest Avenue , stop for a game of tennis at Silver Lake Park , enjoy a scoop at the old - fashioned Egger ’s Ice Cream Parlor or head to Clove Lakes Park and rent a paddleboat .
Livingston ’s Snug Harbor Cultural Center (
) has plenty of family - friendly exhibits and events on tap this summer .
At its “ Movies Under the Stars , ” you can catch “ Jaws ” ( July 9 ) , “ Close Encounters of the Third Kind ” ( July 16 ) and “ Madagascar ” ( July 23 ) .
Local bands will perform before each movie at 7 p.m .
Thinking of attending a Staten Island Yankees game this season ?
Go on a night when the ballpark has its post - game fireworks show , usually on Thursdays and Fridays .
Before the game , take the kids to see the view of Manhattan from the Postcards memorial dedicated to victims of the Sept. 11 attacks .
Ambrosino suggests visiting the Staten Island Zoo , West Brighton , which has an extensive reptile collection , a tropical forest and African exhibit .
This summer will be a great time to go , as the Zoo will be welcoming special animals from Australia for its Down Under Summer exhibit .
Also check out Breakfast with the Beasts July 24 and Serpent Day Aug. 28 .
THE SOUTH SHORE
Looking to reconnect with nature ?
The South Shore has an abundance of parks .
( For a full list , go to
. )
At Tottenville ’s Conference House Park , you can visit the southern - most tip of New York State , located on the beach and marked with a red South Pole , or attend one of several free concerts .
To cool off , take a dip in Tottenville ’s public pool , on the corner of Hylan Boulevard and Joline Avenue .
Or , make a stop at the 260 - acre Clay Pit Ponds State Park Preserve in Charleston to learn about local wildlife at its Interpretive Center or enlist in one of its many summer programs , including guided nature hikes — where you ’re likely to see deer , groundhogs and birds — ecosystem workshops and evening wildlife walks .
At Lemon Creek Park in Prince ’s Bay , you ’ll discover a rock sculpture garden created by local resident Doug Schwartz .
End your adventure with a treat from Ralph ’s Ices in Pleasant Plains or a skate at RollerJam USA , Richmond Valley .
TOURING THE ISLAND
For activities with more guidance , Ambrosino suggests taking the SINY Pizza Tour , with stops at four well - known Island pizzerias .
Amanda Straniere , tourism and cultural affairs liaison for the Staten Island Borough President ’s Office , recommends taking a free bus tour of the future Fresh Kills Park , led by Urban Park Rangers , to learn about the site ’s history , engineering and landscape design .
Tours are filling up ; visit
to sign up .
To learn more about the borough , Ms. Straniere suggests visiting the Staten Island Museum ’s History Archives and Library on the grounds of Snug Harbor , where you can study local maps , newspapers , books and historic photographs .
Visit Woodrow ’s Sandy Ground Historical Society , which now is exhibiting “ Faces of the Underground Railroad . ”
Or check out Arthur von Briesen Park — named after the prominent German immigrant who lived there — to get a panoramic view of the Verrazano Bridge .
Consider devising your own cultural tour by visiting local attractions that fall within the same theme .
Plan an “ Italian Day ” including a visit to the Garibaldi - Meucci Museum in Rosebank , which celebrates Italian heritage , a ride to South Beach for a game of bocce on the public court and a bite to eat at one of the area ’s many Italian restaurants .
A TASTE OF CULTURE
For a summer filled with cultural lessons , visit a different ethnic restaurant each week .
On the Island , you can try Sri Lankan , Moroccan , Caribbean , Russian , Mexican , Spanish , Turkish , German , Indian and Greek .
The options are endless .
Immerse yourself in Asian culture by visiting the Jacques Marchais Museum of Tibetan Art , now displaying “ Tibetan Portrait : The Power of Compassion . ”
The Lighthouse Hill museum also offers meditation and tai chi classes .
Nearby is another bucolic setting , the Greenbelt , encompassing High Rock Park , Willowbrook Park and a nature center where visitors can sign up for lessons on local flora and fauna and guided hikes .
Ms. Straniere suggests heading to Richmond Town on Wednesday nights for the Staten Island Region Antique Automobile Club of America ’s classic car showcase .
Another special event going on this summer is the free Starlight Concerts offered on Thursdays at different local parks .
Check
for details .
" There ’s a lot to do on Staten Island , ” Ambrosino concluded .
“ People just have to look . ”
.
Los trabajadores revisar�n si es viable comprara la empresa .
No se descarta el concurso mercantil , dicen pilotos
Viernes 30 de julio de 2010
Angelina Mej�a y Juli�n S�nchez | El Universal
If you want to solve all your problems with Dissertation Writing , there is nothing easier !
Want to get plagiarism free dissertation of top - notch quality ?
There is no better place to do it than at DissertationWritings.com !
Best Dissertation Writing Service to Hire a Professional Writer
You ’ve just stumbled upon the best dissertation writing services .
Here ’s why .
DissertationWritings.com company has been top rated by countless students who had sought reliable , legal , and safe academic assistance .
Take a peek into what makes our dissertation paper writing services work .
We believe that our popularity rests on two pillars : low cost and high quality dissertation writings .
Additionally , we offer an extremely convenient way to hire a professional essay and dissertation writer in USA .
You can place an online order in only 3 minutes !
There is a plethora of reasons to use DissertationWriting .
Find yours and give us a try !
Dissertation Writers for Hire : Your Thesis Writer Is Only a Click Away
Hiring a writer for dissertation is the number 1 choice of students who value their time , effort , and money .
Our customers know that here they can always get professional advice for dissertation from expert dissertation thesis writers .
Those who turn to Google with the “ academic writers needed ” request discover that assistance of professional thesis writers is not equally and fairly priced .
Many realize that they cannot bear the enormous expense of hiring a helper for their Master thesis , which diminishes their chances of graduating from college .
No more !
Thanks to the advent of our service , everyone can afford the help of experienced dissertation writers in US .
We offer you a cheap and stress free way to connect with Ph.D. dissertation writers and benefit from their expertise .
Hire the best thesis writer online USA and get custom help you deserve !
DissertationWritings.com is so much more than a convenient place to buy one ’s dissertation .
It ’s a safe and vibrant network for degreed academic writers .
Our unique community - building and work - hard vibe have attracted the top professionals in the market .
They can write your papers at any academic level :
Academic Levels Undergraduate
Those enrolled in undergraduate degree programs seek our professional help with their college papers .
View details Bachelor
We will render you subject - specific writing assistance regardless of the complexity of your academic challenges .
View details Professional Degreed writers will elaborately craft you a powerful original dissertation , thereby helping you to obtain a degree .
View details
Hire the best expert to write your dissertation .
Together , you can set an ambitious goal and reach it faster much to your delight !
Online Dissertation Writing Service – Why Use DissertationWriting Help
It is not too much of an exaggeration to call a dissertation an outdated relic of the past .
Nonetheless , it is not going anywhere .
You still need one to graduate from college .
It is precisely for this reason we ’ve created our company .
Many argue that the establishment of this DissertationWriting service marks the golden age of academic achievement .
With our help , more and more students can obtain their degrees and benefit society in myriad ways .
Use our help if :
You do n’t have time for dissertation writing .
Even if you are consumed by professional or personal duties , a dissertation has to be written .
Fortunately , there is no sole “ right ” way to get it done .
Let us write it for you .
Even if you are consumed by professional or personal duties , a dissertation has to be written .
Fortunately , there is no sole “ right ” way to get it done .
Let us write it for you .
You do n’t have the energy for writing .
Place an order right now if the drudgery of writing has sapped your energies .
Need to move forward ?
We are here to help !
Place an order right now if the drudgery of writing has sapped your energies .
Need to move forward ?
We are here to help !
Dissertation writing gets in the way of your real passion .
Maybe you want to embark on an entrepreneurial endeavor .
Or maybe you are a halfway through a personal development project .
In any case , use our help when dissertation writing prevents you from pursuing your passion .
Time is the most valuable resource you have .
We will help you use it reasonably .
Dissertation Writing Help You Were So Desperate to Get
If you are in a race against time , you wo n’t find a better place to order custom dissertation writing help .
Why ?
Simply because our top rated writers – each of which has a Ph.D. or Masters degree – work insanely fast .
You can get expert help in a few days .
In case you need assistance with a single section / chapter of your dissertation , we can write it within one day !
That ’s right : you can use our versatile service to either get your dissertation written from scratch or receive step - by - step help with dissertation writing .
The following are dissertation chapters we can write for you :
Title Page
We will write a succinct and precise title page for you .
The coolest thing ?
We will do it for free !
We will write a succinct and precise title page for you .
The coolest thing ?
We will do it for free !
Abstract
Here , we will provide a brief summary of your research .
Our specialists are well equipped to create concise explanations of the complex research methodologies and results , which should be included in this section of the dissertation .
Here , we will provide a brief summary of your research .
Our specialists are well equipped to create concise explanations of the complex research methodologies and results , which should be included in this section of the dissertation .
Contents
The Contents section will reflect the structure of your dissertation .
We will also create figure and table lists to improve the paper 's readability .
The Contents section will reflect the structure of your dissertation .
We will also create figure and table lists to improve the paper 's readability .
Introduction
Experienced writers will detail the materials summarized in the abstract and signpost the remaining content of the document .
Experienced writers will detail the materials summarized in the abstract and signpost the remaining content of the document .
Literature Review
Here , the current state of scientific knowledge in your research area will be detailed .
To identify research gaps , the following contexts of your research problem will be considered : theoretical , methodological , practical , and political .
Here , the current state of scientific knowledge in your research area will be detailed .
To identify research gaps , the following contexts of your research problem will be considered : theoretical , methodological , practical , and political .
Methods , Sources , and Materials
In this section , we will present a straightforward description of equipment , processes , materials , and other practical elements necessary for the replication of your study .
In this section , we will present a straightforward description of equipment , processes , materials , and other practical elements necessary for the replication of your study .
Results / Findings
Here , the findings of your study will be presented in the chronological or methodological order .
Here , the findings of your study will be presented in the chronological or methodological order .
Analysis and Discussion
This section will be used to review the results of your study in relation to the wider context of your research area .
The contributions and limitations of the study will be discussed in great detail .
This section will be used to review the results of your study in relation to the wider context of your research area .
The contributions and limitations of the study will be discussed in great detail .
Conclusion
Main points put forth in the previous sections will be reiterated here .
Main points put forth in the previous sections will be reiterated here .
References
We will assume the burden of writing this lengthy chapter of your dissertation .
All items in the reference list will be double - checked to ensure complete adherence to the requirements of your chosen citation format .
We will assume the burden of writing this lengthy chapter of your dissertation .
All items in the reference list will be double - checked to ensure complete adherence to the requirements of your chosen citation format .
Appendices
Additional graphs , tables , and figures that might be of interest to the readers will be placed in this section .
Dissertation Writing Reviews by Grateful Customers
DissertationWrigings trustworthy help is appreciated by numerous learners who have successfully graduated due to our services .
The best way to understand common sentiments about the nature and quality of our assistance is to read DissertationWritings.com reviews left by students like you :
Susan , DC Without dissertationwritings.com support I would n’t have finished my thesis .
It was a grueling year of preparation and research .
Thank you for crowning my efforts with a good thesis without plagiarism !
Anne , CA I was n’t sure that DissertationWritings safe place to buy my thesis .
But after discovering a legit Dissertation Writings services review , I gave it a try , and I absolutely loved it !
I did n’t know that it was possible to turn a pile of jumbled notes into a clear and coherent dissertation .
Thanks a ton !
Travis , NJ Gosh , I wish that I knew about this website earlier .
Anyways , I appreciate your input into my scholarly life and want you to know that you are doing an extremely important job .
Keep going !
Best Thesis Writing Service You 'll Ever Find
Try using our thesis writing services today , and you will find MUCH MORE than you were expecting .
Writing a master ’s thesis used to be a task of enormous complexity intertwined with agitation and stress .
Thanks to our company , thesis paper writing is but a minor nuisance .
Unlike other websites , we do not offer you expensive and bothersome tutoring .
What you get with our online custom thesis writing service is exactly that – a master ’s or Ph.D. thesis written from scratch .
Writing a thesis is no longer a thing you should be worried about .
Our professional writers have you covered !
Consider the key advantages of using this thesis and dissertation writing service :
In the latest battle to protect users from punishment for violating website terms of use , EFF filed a brief today in U.S. v. Lowson , again arguing that public websites can not decide who is and is not a criminal .
In this federal prosecution in New Jersey , the government charged the operators of Wiseguys Tickets , Inc. with violating Ticketmaster 's terms of service , and therefore the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act , by using bots to purchase event tickets to resell them .
The government could n't charge the men with any scalping offense because ticket resale is not a crime .
And while the government has suggested that this criminal prosecution is only about protecting consumers ' fair access to event tickets , Ticketmaster and other online ticket vendors are hardly models for consumer protection .
Ticketmaster itself has a financial interest in in the ticket - reselling business , and stands to benefit substantially from putting competitors out of business .
Along with the Association of Criminal Defense Attorneys of New Jersey , the Center for Democracy and Technology and several law professors , we are asking the judge to dismiss the indictment .
Using criminal law to enforce private website operators ' terms of use puts immense coercive power behind arbitrary and self - serving rules .
In this case , for example , fans may hate Wiseguys for snapping up good tickets only to sell them at a higher price , but they also hate Ticketmaster for selling them paperless tickets that can not be resold , gifted or transferred , and for its monopolistic control and pricing strategy in both the primary and resale market for tickets ( through its TicketsNow service ) .
Legislators agrees with consumers that the ticket market is broken ; Congress has considered at least two laws to try to fix the problem , and several states have scalping regulations .
But neither the federal government nor any state has outlawed purchase and resale of tickets .
That 's because the problem is complicated , and doing things Ticketmaster 's way is not going to fix what ails music and sports fans .
Yet giving Ticketmaster complete control over purchase and resale is what this prosecution is about .
That 's why EFF weighed in here , even though we know that many of our fans are music fans too , and might not like the defendants .
This prosecution has ramifications far beyond the ticket market .
For example , the same legal theory the government is pushing here has been used to attack anonymity , pseudonymity , data portability and other consumer rights .
For example , in United States v. Drew , a woman was charged with violating the federal computer crime law for creating a false profile , which she then used to communicate inappropriately with a teenager who eventually committed suicide .
EFF filed an amicus brief in that case , and the charges were eventually dismissed .
We also defended Boston College computer science student Riccardo Calixte , whose computers , cellphone and iPod were seized by local police who claimed that he violated criminal law by giving a fake name on his Yahoo account profile .
A justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ordered police to return the property after finding there was no probable cause to search the room in the first place .
Just two weeks ago we filed an amicus brief in Facebook v. Power Ventures .
There , Facebook makes basically the same claim that the government makes in the Wiseguys case : because Facebook 's terms of service ban users from accessing their information through " automated means " , aggregation tools violate the criminal law .
We will continue watching and weighing in on these cases , as criminalizing terms of service violations has severe ramifications for free speech , innovation , and other digital freedoms .
Breaking Bad is one of the best shows on TV .
The writing and acting are fantastic and you never really know where the show is going to take you .
Check out these audition tapes from some of the stars of the show ; Aaron Paul , Dean Norris , Anna Gunn and Betsy Brandt .
From the looks of it , Dean Norris had the character down from the first audition .
And if you have n’t read it yet , check out our interview with RJ Mitte !
Aaron Paul
Dean Norris
Anna Gunn
Betsy Brandt
To perform a PET scan , doctors must first inject patients with a radiotracer , a drug engineered to accumulate in the area of the body being studied and to emit low - level radiation detectable by a scanner .
The compounds are considered very safe .
But because they degrade quickly , many laboratories produce them themselves , under protocols agreed upon with the F.D.A .
The agency regulates the allowable radiation levels and the purity of the drugs .
If a drug contains too many impurities  unknown chemicals that may or may not be related to the tracer itself  then its effects in the body are unpredictable .
“ There could be a patient safety issue , for one , ” said Dr. Barry Siegel , chairman of the radioactive drug research committee at Washington University in St. Louis .
“ And there could be a scientific validity issue .
If you ’re exposing people to radiation and getting garbage data , then that becomes an ethical problem . ”
That is particularly true when it comes to psychiatric research .
Radiotracers that target receptors in the brain , as used in many of the Columbia studies , are more prone than other PET drugs to be biologically active  to affect mood or behavior , especially in those who already suffer from severe depression or other mental problems .
“ You have to have additional quality - assurance procedures if you ’re using agents that bind receptors in brain , ” said Dr. Dennis P. Swanson , chairman of the radiation safety commission at the University of Pittsburgh .
The F.D.A. ’s latest investigation , which took place from Jan. 5 to Jan. 21 , listed six categories of violations .
It found that since 2007 , “ at least 10 batches ” of drugs had been “ released and injected into human subjects ” with impurities that exceeded the level the lab had agreed to set .
At least four injections “ had impurity masses that more than doubled the maximum limit implemented . ”
The report highlighted an equation that the lab routinely used , resulting in injections that exceeded the limit for acceptable impurities .
The lab did not adequately check “ the identity , strength and purity of each active ingredient prior to release ” for injection into patients , the report said .
Sen . Dianne Feinstein , California ’s senior U.S. senator , has lent her support to the campaign to defeat Proposition 19 , the marijuana legalization measure on the state ’s November ballot .
The prominent Democrat , first elected to the Senate in 1992 , signed the ballot argument against the initiative .
On Monday , she issued a statement through the opposition campaign calling the measure “ a jumbled legal nightmare that will make our highways , our workplaces and our communities less safe . ”
Roger Salazar , spokesman for Public Safety First , said the opposition committee sought Feinstein ’s support .
“ She ’s one of the most respected figures in California , ” he said .
“ She has a great history with law enforcement and dealing with this type of issue .
We ’re looking at a bipartisan effort . ”
Proposition 19 would allow adults 21 and older to possess , grow and transport marijuana , and would allow cities and counties to regulate and tax commercial sales .
Most of the state ’s top elected officials and candidates for statewide office — from both major parties — are against the initiative .
Dale Sky Clare , a spokeswoman for Tax Cannabis 2010 , the committee behind the measure , said it was not surprising that Feinstein and other statewide politicians opposed it .
“ I ’m just not putting a lot of faith in politicians to lead , ” she said .
“ The voters have always led on this issue . ”
Both campaigns have been collecting endorsements and touting them on their websites .
The recent unusual endorsement of the measure by the state NAACP led to the first real debate in the campaign .
The NAACP saw it as a civil rights issue , noting that enforcement of marijuana laws disproportionately affects African Americans .
The endorsement infuriated a group of black ministers who have organized to fight the initiative and who believe it will lead to more crime and addiction .
The pro-legalization ballot argument was signed by several former law enforcement officials , including retired Orange County Superior Court Judge James P. Gray and retired San Jose Police Chief Joseph D. McNamara .
On the no side , Laura Dean - Mooney , president of Mothers Against Drunk Driving , joined Feinstein in signing the ballot argument .
In deciding to oppose the measure , Feinstein cited a recent report from Rand Corp. , the Santa Monica - based research institute .
The report concluded that about the only certain effects of the measure was that the price of marijuana would plummet and consumption would increase .
“ In addition , there are too many unknown factors related to law enforcement and public safety , ” Feinstein concluded .
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
Posted July 21 , 2010
Recently , at work , we started using MiniRedis as a lightweight store for some job queuing on Kiln 's backend .
We had originally planned on using the full Redis , but because we have to deploy licensed Kiln on Windows , we had to come up with our own solution .
So far , it 's been working very well for us .
The Redis command set is pretty small and very straightforward , which makes it easy to clone .
The only annoyance we 've run into is that the stable command line interface ( CLI ) for Redis only speaks the 1.x protocol , while MiniRedis only speaks the 2.0 version .
The redis CLI also does not run on Windows .
This is a bit of a problem , since we 're still working on our queuing system and we need to do testing .
To get around not having a client to use , Ben would telnet in to the MiniRedis port and type out the commands manually .
It ended up looking a bit like this :
I , on the other hand , would fire up Python and , using the redis - py library ( which is a very nice client library ) , issue commands directly from there .
Neither option was very convenient .
So one day , tired of having to do all the imports and set up the connection , I decided to put together a CLI using Python .
import cmd class RedisCli( cmd .
Cmd , object ) : pass if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : RedisCli().cmdloop ()
The basic CLI is very simple .
Python 's cmd module takes care of all the hard parts for you .
If you run this script , you 'll get a prompt ( Cmd ) that supports one command : help .
Unfortunately , that 's all you have .
You can't even exit gracefully .
So that 's the first thing I added :
class RedisCli( cmd.
Cmd , object ) : def do_exit ( self , line ) : return True do_EOF = do_exit
The cmd module lets you define commands by writing a do_foo ( ) method which takes the line the user typed in .
The above code gives you the exit command , and also makes EOF ( Unix : Ctrl - D , Windows : Ctrl - Z ) exit for you .
That 's helpful , but it does n't really add much in terms of actual functionality .
For that , we import the Redis client libraries
from redis import Redis
initialize the connection
class RedisCli( cmd.
Cmd , object ) : def __init__ ( self , host , port ) : self.redis = Redis( host=host , port=port )
and add some of the Redis commands
def do_get ( self , line ) : print self.redis.get ( line ) def do_set ( self , line ) : key , value = line.split ( ) print self.redis.set ( key , value )
This is nice , because help will now list get and set .
But Redis has many more commands available .
One option would be to continue adding all the Redis commands until you had the full set specified and properly parsing the command line .
That 's pretty time consuming , brittle , and just plain boring .
Personally , I do n't have the patience .
Fortunately , the cmd module has a default ( ) method which is called for any unrecognized functions .
That means we can get rid of do_get and do_set and replace them with :
def default ( self , line ) : parts = line.split( ) print getattr( self.redis , parts [ 0 ] ) ( _parts [ 1 : ] )
Huh ?
Let me explain : getattr ( ) takes an object and an attribute name , and returns that attribute if it exists .
To illustrate , calling getattr ( obj , ' foo ' ) is the same as calling obj.foo .
In this case , we 're assuming the user typed in one of the functions defined in the Redis object .
We use getattr to get that function , and then we pass the rest of the arguments to it using Python 's _args syntax .
This sidesteps the problem of not knowing how many arguments the commands take .
Unfortunately , this approach is prone to errors .
For example , the user can type in __init__ , which will call the Redis object 's constructor again , overwriting our connection .
Someone could also try to call foobarbazbat , which does not exist in the Redis object and will throw an error .
Lastly , we 've also lost our list of commands when you type help .
To fix this , we 're going to have to do some spelunking in the Redis object .
Fortunately , Python 's dir ( ) function returns all of the Redis object 's attributes .
We can then iterate over them , filter out any that start with an underscore ( Python 's convention for private attributes ) and make sure they 're callable .
We then use setattr to create a function in our own class that calls into the Redis object and prints the result .
def __init__ ( self , host , port ) : super ( RedisCli , self ) .__init__( ) self.redis = Redis( host=host , port=port ) for name in dir( self.redis ) : if not name.startswith ('_ ' ) : attr = getattr ( self.redis , name ) if callable ( attr ) : setattr(self.__class__ , ' do_ ' + name , self._make_cmd( name ) ) @staticmethod def _make_cmd ( name ) : def handler ( self , line ) : parts = line.split( ) print getattr( self.redis , name ) ( * parts ) return handler
Notice here that _make_cmd is creating a new function inside of it , and returning that function so we can set the do_foo of our own class to the function that calls self.redis.foo ( ) .
Likewise for any callable function in the Redis class .
Now if we type help on our command line , we 'll get a list of all functions in the Redis object .
Also , if we try to access anything private , like __init__ , we 'll be told that syntax is unknown .
This also means that our default ( ) method is no longer necessary , since we 've already enumerated everything that we could possibly call on the Redis object .
You 'll notice , however , that help lists all of the functions as " Undocumented " .
It would be really nice if we could also get documentation for each of these commands .
Now that we can easily list all of the available commands , we could write the documentation ourselves by specifying a help_foo ( ) function for each command .
However , this is boring and like I said before , I do n't have that kind of patience .
It also turns out that writing our own documentation would be redundant , as the authors of our Redis client library have done a good job documenting each function in the form of docstrings :
def get ( self , name ) : " " " Return the value at key name , or None of the key does n't exist " " "
Python takes these docstrings pretty seriously .
In fact , they become an attribute of the function itself , called __doc__ .
This is great for us , because it means we can pull those docstrings into our CLI and make them documentation for our commands .
We use the same method as before to dynamically add help_foo ( ) methods to our own class for every function that has a docstring :
doc = ( getattr ( func , ' __doc__ ' , '') or '' ) .strip ( ) if doc : # Not everything has a docstring setattr( self.__class__ , ' help_ ' + name , self._make_help(doc ) ) @staticmethod def _make_help ( self , doc ) : def help ( self ) : print doc return help
So now if we type help , we 'll get a list of " Documented " and " Undocumented " commands .
If we type help get , it 'll tell us " Return the value at key name , or None of the key does n't exist . "
Awesome !
This is getting to be a useful little CLI .
In addition to having a documented list of all commands available , we also get tab completion for our commands , so if we type l< TAB > , we get the list of all list commands .
( On Windows , you 'll need the pyreadline module installed for this to work . )
But what if we could also autocomplete our keys ?
Some of our keys get pretty long , and typing them out is a pain .
We could define a complete_foo ( ) method for each of our functions , but all we 're ever going to be completing are the keys , so we can just use the completedefault , which is a catchall completion , to grab our keys for us .
def completedefault ( self , text , line , start , end ) : return self.redis.keys ( text + '*') .split ( )
Once we 've added this , we can type get bar < TAB > and we 'll get all of the keys that start with bar .
We 're in the home stretch now .
Just to make things a little nicer , let 's modify the prompt and the intro message so the user knows they 're in the Redis CLI :
def __init__ ( self , host , port ) : ... self .
prompt = '( Redis ) ' self .
intro = 'nConnected to Redis on %s : %d ' % ( host , port )
And finally , because this is a tool we want to be able to use with different servers , let 's add the ability to specify a host ( -h or -- host ) and port ( - p or -- port ) .
import getopt if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : opts = dict ( getopt.getopt(sys.argv[ 1 : ] , 'h : p : ' , [ ' host= ' , ' port= ' ] ) [ 0 ] ) host = opts.get ('- h ' , None ) or opts.get ('-- host ' , ' localhost ' ) port = int( opts.get ( '- p ' , None ) or opts.get ('-- port ' , 12345 ) ) RedisCli( host=host , port=port ) .cmdloop ()
To finish , we just add some error checking so we do n't get bailed out with an exception if we happen to make a typo .
Here 's the final script :
import cmd import getopt import sys from redis import Redis from redis.
exceptions import ConnectionError class RedisCli( cmd.
Cmd , object ) : def __init__ ( self , host , port ) : super ( RedisCli , self ) .__init__( ) self.redis = Redis( host=host , port=port ) self .
prompt = ' ( Redis ) ' self .
intro = 'nConnected to Redis on %s : %d ' % ( host , port ) for name in dir( self.redis ) : if not name.startswith ('_ ' ) : attr = getattr ( self.redis , name ) if callable ( attr ) : setattr(self.__class__ , ' do_ ' + name , self._make_cmd( name ) ) doc = ( getattr ( attr , ' __doc__ ' , '') or '' ) .strip ( ) if doc : doc = (' ' * 8 ) + doc # Fix up the indentation setattr( self.__class__ , ' help_ ' + name , self._make_help(doc ) ) try : # Test the connection .
It does n't matter if ' a ' exists or not .
self.redis.get ('a ' ) except ConnectionError , e : print e sys.exit ( 1 ) @staticmethod def _make_cmd ( name ) : def handler ( self , line ) : parts = line.split( ) try : print getattr ( self.redis , name ) ( * parts ) except Exception , e : print ' Error : ' , e return handler @staticmethod def _make_help ( doc ) : def help ( self ) : print doc return help def completedefault ( self , text , line , start , end ) : return self.redis.keys ( text + '*') .split( ) def do_exit ( self , line ) : return True do_EOF = do_exit def emptyline ( self ) : pass #
By default , cmd repeats the command .
We do n't want to do that .
if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : opts = dict ( getopt.getopt(sys.argv[ 1 : ] , 'h : p : ' , [ ' host= ' , ' port= ' ] ) [ 0 ] ) host = opts.get ('- h ' , None ) or opts.get ('-- host ' , ' localhost ' ) port = int( opts.get ( '- p ' , None ) or opts.get ('-- port ' , 12345 ) ) RedisCli( host=host , port=port ) .cmdloop ( )
And there we have it .
A full - featured , robust , well - documented Redis CLI in about 60 lines of code .
For comparison , the C version is over 500 lines of code , and has no help documentation or code completion .
In einer Mitteilung begrüßt der TeleTrusT e.V. den Gesetzentwurf ( PDF ) zur De - Mail , übt aber auch grundsätzliche Kritik .
De -Mail soll als rechtsverbindlicher Service die Online - Kommunikation zwischen Bürgern und Behörden verbessern .
Den Dienst dürfen nur zertifizierte Unternehmen anbieten , die durch das Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik ( BSI ) überprüft wurden .
Sie müssen definierte Verschlüsselungs - und Speicherstandards einhalten und sind verpflichtet , die eindeutige Identifizierung der Inhaber von De-Mail - Konten nachzuweisen .
Zur Vorregistrierung eines De-Mail - Accounts gehört daher , dass die interessierten Bürger mit einem Formular und dem Personalausweis oder Pass zu einer Behörde gehen .
Diese muss die Identität bestätigen und das Formular zum De-Mail - Anbieter schicken .
An dem geplanten Dienst , dessen gesetzliche Grundlage sich noch in der Entwurfsphase befindet , gibt es bereits einige Kritik .
Der Verein TeleTrusT wünscht sich nun eine stärkere Beteiligung von Trustcentern und eine Einbeziehung ihrer Technik : Mit dem neuen Gesetz werde " ein neues Mittel einfach neben die bestehende Lösung gesetzt , statt eine Initiative zur weiteren Verbreitung der qualifizierten elektronischen Signatur zu ergreifen . "
Einige der deutschen Trustcenter sind TeleTrusT - Mitglied .
Die im Signaturgesetz als " Zertifizierungsdiensteanbieter " bezeichneten Unternehmen hätten bereits eine Infrastruktur aufgebaut , die sowohl eine sichere Authentisierung als auch die Ende - zu - Ende - Verschlüsselung von Nachrichten ermögliche .
Für beide Funktionen könnten die von den Trustcentern ausgegebenen Smartcards mit den darauf installierten Zertifikaten genutzt werden .
Außerdem ließe sich die Erstregistrierung zumindest für diejenigen De- Mail - Interessenten vereinfachen , die bereits eine Signaturkarte besitzen : Stimmen sie zu , könnten sie sich ohne erneute Identitätsprüfung online bei dem Dienst registrieren .
Die persönlichen Daten erhielte der De- Mail - Provider dann vom jeweiligen Trustcenter .
Außerdem fordert TeleTrusT eine stärkere Berücksichtigung von IT - Normen .
So reiche es nicht , lediglich Web - Clients für De-Mail vorzusehen .
Nötig sei auch eine sichere Anbindung klassischer Mail - Clients via POP3 , IMAP und SMTP .
Auch für die Absicherung dieser Dienste ließen sich die Smartcard - Zertifikate einsetzen , sagte ein TeleTrusT - Vertreter gegenüber heise online .
Kritik übt der Verein an einer Lücke im Gesetzentwurf .
Sie ermögliche es , dass Behörden via De-Mail Bescheide und Verfügungen zustellten , die Bürger jedoch nicht per Antwort - Mail darauf Rechtsmittel einlegen könnten .
Denn bislang sei nach Verwaltungsverfahrensgesetz und Verwaltungsgerichtsordnung eine qualifizierte elektronische Signatur dafür erforderlich .
Es stelle sich für den Nutzer " die Frage , warum er De-Mail nutzen soll , wenn im Zweifel doch die qualifizierte elektronische Signatur erforderlich wird . " ( ck )
I recently taught a workshop called “ Doing it 24/7 : The Basics of Everyday Dominance and Submission . ”
It was an interesting experience — essentially it showed me that there ’s a strong interest in the topic that goes way beyond what can fit into a 90 - minute time slot .
I ’m seriously thinking of developing a workshop series on the topic and offering it on a weekly basis in Toronto somewhere .
In the meantime , I figured I ’d post some of the basic stuff I started with .
First , let me frame this .
I ’m not drawing a distinction between 24/7 D/s and M/s , because I find that different people use the terms in overlapping ways .
So rather than say what I think each one is , I ’ll just say that I ’m talking about relationships that involve a full - time power hierarchy .
For me , that means relationships in which the two ( or more ) people involved always relate to one another from a power - based dynamic , and that this dynamic extends outside the time that the people spend in one another ’s presence .
Certainly a lot of what I ’m writing about will also apply to people who are in a consistent power dynamic that ’s more time - bound — in which control on the dominant ’s part does not extend past the time the two people are physically together or in direct communication — but my premise in writing this is to address the needs of D/s and M/s relationships that are in place and actively operational 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
With that in mind , here are the ten principles I ’ve distilled for healthy 24/7 relationships .
1. Consent and strong desire .
This is the basic foundation for any relationship , but it becomes especially relevant in D/s .
You are choosing because you want this , and you want it enough to make it an everyday thing rather than an occasional one .
You are at choice at every point ; if you are building trust , there is no need for shackles .
And I ’m serious about the idea of strong desire .
It is possible to convince someone to dominate you or submit to you temporarily when they are n’t really into it .
It ’s not a great idea , but it happens , and it can work out okay in limited circumstances .
Now , it ’s also possible to convince someone to do that 24/ 7 .
But that is a very , very shaky foundation for a long - term relationship , and it wo n’t really give you the meat of what you ’re looking for anyway ; it will just give you the shell of it .
Speaking as a dominant , I ’ve realized that if I ’m not 110 % interested , I simply cannot sustain the kind of focus and effort required to maintain a 24/7 relationship , and that does not serve anyone well — myself or the submissive .
Also , on the topic of consent , there ’s a persistent fantasy that in D/s or M/s , you give consent once and then it ’s assumed forever .
On the surface it may look like that , but believe me , it ’s not that simple .
Some relationships , after an extensive period ( read : many years ) of solidly established trust , will reach a point where the two people are so symbiotic that what we ’d normally think of as “ consent ” does n’t really matter anymore — but that ’s not because it ’s disappeared .
Rather , it ’s become an intrinsic part of the fabric of things .
The partners know each other so well that they want the same things and move together seamlessly .
You do n’t get there overnight , or even in a few months .
And depending on your personalities and how they interact , it may not happen at all , and that ’s okay .
So do n’t see this as a goal or an ideal .
2. Distinction between fantasy and reality .
You are not extending your wank fantasies into your everyday reality ; you will not be aroused at all times .
24/7 happens when you ’re doing it for reasons beyond orgasm ( even if arousal and orgasm are a big , or even essential , part of the draw ) .
This is not a huge ongoing role - play scenario .
It ’s an intensification of the power - based parameters in which you live your everyday life .
If you simply try to extend a role - play scenario into your entire relationship , you ’ll find that the narrow parameters of a persona or character are simply not big enough to encompass who you are , and need to be , every hour of every day .
24/7 is not about restricting yourself to a specific set of characteristics the way you can for an hour or two in a scene ; it ’s about bringing all of who you are to the table and offering it within a full - spectrum relationship .
That means you ’re doing it regardless of what you ’re wearing ( leather , work drag , bunny slippers … ) and where you are ( bedroom , dungeon , airport , family dinner ) and what you ’re doing ( fucking , working , eating breakfast , hanging out with friends ) .
Yes , this means you may need to find ways to scale up and down the overt visibility of your D/s ; no , it does not mean you ’re turning t on or off at will .
A lot of the classic “ it ’s just play ” concepts that you might hear in a BDSM 101 workshop are going to go right out the window here because what you are doing is not a scene .
It comes with a whole different – related , but different – psychology .
3. Clean motivation .
You are choosing from a place of strength .
You do not need this , you just want it a lot .
In other words , you ’re not doing D/s because you ’re dependent on a D/s dynamic to be able to function in life .
You are not making up for dysfunction , and if you should discover dysfunction along the way , you have a …
4. Commitment to work on your own shit .
Intense power relationships will bring you face to face with whatever issues you need to work on ; your ability to sustain your D/s relationship depends on your willingness to deal with them , and your partner ’s willingness , and your mutual willingness to deal with theirs .
Independently of the relationship you ’re in now , if applicable , your progress in D/s and the success of future relationships also depends on your willingness to deal with your own shit — being eternally single or simply repeating the patterns you had trouble with in the last relationship will not help .
Hint : if the same thing keeps going wrong in every relationship , you do n’t just need to find the right person ; you need to change yourself .
At the same time as you both need to commit to working on your shit , you also need to find a way to balance this with a commitment to taking each other as you are .
While you can work on specific things , and while major change does take place sometimes , you cannot fundamentally change a person into something they are not , and you certainly can’t expect major change to happen quickly or exactly as you ’d like it to .
So do n’t enter 24/ 7 if your happiness is going to be dependent on a radical or immediate personality shift on the others ’ part .
5. Acknowledgement of equality .
You are choosing a relationship form that suits you because of your individual chemistry and fit , NOT because one of you is inherently superior , and certainly not because of gender , sex , race , age , financial situation , ability , community standing , etc .
I ca n’t tell you how grouchy it makes me when people blather about the “ natural ” superiority of a given group and therefore that group ’s suitability for dominance , or the “ natural ” inferiority of another group and therefore their suitability for submission .
( This mostly comes up with sex , by which I mean male and female — because there are only two options in this line of thought .
And that often looks like “ all women are goddesses ” or the more classically sexist “ all men are dominant . ”
But it also comes up with race , age and any number of other features . )
For starters , do n’t even start me on how riddled with fallacies the whole idea of “ natural ” is , and how easily any argument based on an idea of “ natural ” can get flipped to support its exact opposite , no matter what group you ’re talking about .
But most importantly , D/s is not about inferiority and superiority — it ’s about the voluntary polarization of power roles , not a difference in quality between two human beings .
6. Acknowledgement of your humanity .
You will each make mistakes because you are human ; neither of you is immune to fucking up .
Build that understanding into your relationship , along with ways to deal with fuck - ups on either part .
Hint : dominants can and do apologize when they fuck up .
A powerful , dignified apology , when needed , is a building block for a solid relationship , and the very epitome of trustworthy dominance .
But beyond the question of specific time - bound fuck - ups , even at the best of times , the intensity and polarity of D/s and M/s can place great pressure on each person involved .
And we all have limits , even if those limits do well to be challenged at times .
So if there ’s something that does n’t fit or is n’t working , that needs to be on the table and dealt with as it comes up , or the relationship ’s structural integrity will crumble .
Hint : remove the word “ should ” from your mental vocabulary and you will get a lot farther .
For example , instead of “ Dominants should always be stoic , ” or “ Submissives should anticipate a dominant ’s every need , ” you might say “ I feel like my emotional expression is going to damage your trust in my stability , ” or “ I want to be able to better anticipate your needs . ”
Now you have the beginning of a real conversation .
7. Strong communication .
Double standards around communication are not a sign of dominance , they ’re a sign of hypocrisy .
Frame it however you will , but communication is essential — and that does not mean the submissive baring their soul while the dominant remains impassive .
Communication works both ways .
So regardless of your place in the D/s relationship , take a look at your communication patterns as they are , identify the places you need to improve , and work on them .
Improving your communication skills is a lifelong project for most of us , and it is wise to see that as a good thing rather than as a chore .
Then , do the same for the way your communication patterns intersect with your partner ’s , and work on those too .
Yes , it will be hard .
Do it anyway .
Learn to love it .
Results will follow .
8. Restriction of D/s to the relationship .
Or at most , restriction to within a specifically agreed - upon community or an extended relational context — as in , ten people are all members of a group or leather family and explicitly agree that all submissives will behave a certain way toward all dominants , and vice versa ; or , you are my submissive , Valerie is my fellow dominant , and we all agree that when she ’s around you will serve her needs in the same way you serve mine .
Failing an explicit agreement otherwise , this is a power hierarchy between you and your partner , not between you and your community , or you and every dominant or submissive you meet , or you and everyone in the world .
Keep your D/s within its bounds .
Otherwise you will turn into one of those nightmare dominants or submissives that everyone kinky wants to avoid ( hello , consent ! ) and everyone else thinks is messed up in the head ( which does n’t do much to improve our image as perverts ) .
Not to mention you ’ll be exhausted .
9. Support .
D/s relationships are intense .
Have I mentioned that ?
Intense , soul - searching relationships that affect every moment of every day do not exist in a vacuum .
The kind of exploration and self - revelation that so often comes with D/s can make you go a bit nuts if you have no outside support .
That support can take many forms :
Participation in a kink community can be incredibly helpful — it can provide relationship models for you to look at and learn from or discard as needed .
Even if everyone around you does their kink differently than you do , that can help you better understand who you are ( and are not ) and what you ’re doing ( and not doing ) .
Reading ( check out my annotated reading list here ) , workshops , discussion groups , and any number of other educational resources can similarly give you ideas to chew on , frameworks that may or may not work for you , and language to help you understand and express what you ’re getting up to .
And last but not least , friends you can talk to about D/s. Non-kinky ( but kink - friendly ) friends are a great start , because the kind of challenges that come up in D/s are often similar to those in any other relationship .
But frequently enough , D/s relationship issues will also have a character all their own , and even the most open - minded or well - intentioned vanilla friend may have a hard time truly getting it .
It can be extremely helpful to build friendships with fellow D/s practitioners so you can offer each other a supportive shoulder when needed .
Hint : Do n’t wait until you need help … start building those friendships right away , and make sure you offer your own listening ear .
A brief caution : a classic warning sign that a D/s relationship is not so healthy is when one of the partners tells the other not to talk about it with anyone else , or not to participate in community .
Of course you want to maintain basic respect for each other and your relationship – airing your dirty laundry for all to see , or trashing your partner loudly at a play party , is just not classy .
But having one or two trusted friends to turn to in times of trouble can be essential , and a wise dominant will encourage the submissive to seek out support rather than discouraging it .
10 . Patience .
This stuff takes a long time to build into great depth , and often a dominant ’s job is to hold back , not to rush forward .
Taking on responsibility for another human being in a polarized power situation is simply not something that ’s wise to do quickly or carelessly .
Take your time .
Learn what you need to learn — about yourself , about them , about how to do this well and feel good about it .
Do n’t extend past your own limits because you feel pressure to do it all right - now - tout - de - suite .
I do say that it ’s often the dominant ’s job to hold back , because I often see it happen that a submissive is totally gung - ho and champing at the bit while their dominant is feeling overwhelmed and struggling to hold tight .
I liken it to the image of an enthusiastic dog who ’s pulling on a leash so hard that their owner ends up running to keep up .
Sure , it ’s still technically D/s , but at some point you have to ask who ’s actually in charge of it .
And if you both want the dominant to be in charge , then the dominant sets the pace and the submissive heels .
So in that sense , patience needs to come from the submissive too — metaphorically speaking ( because no , I do n’t think all submissives are like dogs ) , do n’t yank on the leash .
D/s does not come with a deadline , so do n’t impose one unnecessarily .
1. I am Sadek Drobi I am glad to be here at QCon with John Hughes .
John , can you introduce yourself a bit for people who do n't know you ?
Yes , my name is John Hughes I am a long time functional programming researcher , I was on the Haskell design committee , involved in the beginning of that language , I was working at Glasgow university at the time , I moved to Sweden , to Chalmers university eighteen years ago , about ten years ago I started working on testing tools and we came up with QuickCheck first and then Haskell which I have now re-implemented in Erlang and now I am spending half my time at a company that is mostly a commercial version of that .
So at the moment I have my feet in two camps in the functional programming world and the automated testing world .
It 's a lot of fun .
2 . Yes , quite complementary these two worlds I guess .
So , John you are very well known for " Why functional programming matters " paper .
So why does functional programming matter ?
I mean if we start by let 's ignore because there 's a big hipe on functional programming applied to concurrent programming , and multi-core .
Putting this aside , why does functional programming matter ?
I fell in love with functional programming languages , very very early ; I have learned Lisp when I was seventeen I think .
And in order to use it I wrote my own Lisp interpreter .
I was very very excited about that kind of programming , what I liked about it was that it made it easy for me to solve problems .
At the time that I wrote that paper then many people were pushing functional programming with arguments like there is no mutable state , there are no assignments to variables , and this means that you are going to be able to prove your programs correct .
Well , that sounds very nice and of course it is true , but actually I never do prove my programs correct , and that was n't what I was personally excited about .
And I found those arguments a little bit unconvincing , you say " Here is my great new language , it ca n't do assignments " .
Well , who is going to buy that ?
So I did my PhD on implementation methods for functional programming .
And after my PhD I never wanted to write another word for at least a year and so I did n't , I spent a year hacking functional programs and at the end of that year I learnt a lot about what the features of functional languages were important to me , what enabled me to solve problems easily .
And there were two features that I found very very useful : one was first class functions and the other was lazy evaluation .
So the theme of that paper was to say do n't sell functional programming as programming without something , sell it as programming with these two very important features and here is how you use them .
And the insight that I had obtained was that those two features give you new ways of modularizing and structuring programs and that was the real value so I wrote it down .
And that 's where the paper came from .
3 . What are these components ?
Can you explain us what are these components for let 's say the majority of object oriented programmers or procedural programmers ?
Why are they interesting to have high order functions and the other components ?
Both high order functions and lazy evaluation give you ways of gluing programs together .
If you have first class functions you pass a function to a parameter , then that 's your plug - in to customize your piece of code inside another function as it were .
That means that you can take two function bodies that are similar but different in the loop whatever and you can pass a function to call at that point .
And that 's you can abstract both of them out into a common component , so passing a function to customize behavior of another function is a way of gluing pieces of code together , lazy evaluation lets you write for example a producer of a lazy data structure and the consumer of that lazy data structure , let 's keep things simple , let 's imagine an infinite list , when you plug those together you are composing two pieces of software again and it's important that the producer only generates values as the consumer consumes them , lazy evaluation gives you that and it makes it practical to glue together two pieces of code , which communicate a lot of data , whether it might be impractical to run the producer first and produce million of your list , you have to store them somewhere and then you run the consumer , that would be very inefficient but with lazy evaluation then the two run more or less as co-routines then you get an efficient composition .
So what the paper said was that here are two ways of gluing programs together that conventional programming languages do n't give you .
Why is it important how you can glue code together ?
Because if you imagine solving a problem in a top down way , you start with the big problem , you de-compose it into smaller problems , you de-compose those into smaller problems , when I explain this to students I usually draw a big monster , that is the big problem and then I split it up into smaller monsters , and then split those up into smaller monsters and eventually the monsters are small enough that you can just directly solve the problems , and you get your small solutions which you then glue back together to solve the original large problem .
Well if you got a new way of gluing solutions together , that gives you a new way of de-composing a problem into parts and so it makes this top down design work better .
That was the message of the paper .
4 . And can you give a concrete example like an implementation of one functional idea that gets de-composed into the generator and glue high order functions ?
Yes I can give a couple of examples from the paper .
So first one was numerical methods I took a numerical analysis course as a student and I forgot almost everything from it , but I did remember a very nice trick which I can explain to you .
Lots of numerical methods involve generating sequence of approximations and then taking their limit and so if you write for example a Newton - Raphson implementation in FORTRAN or C or whatever then you have a little loop with a termination condition when your two approximations are close enough together in some sense so that might be that the absolute value of the difference is small enough , or that the ratio between them is close to one , but there are a variety of ways that you might express that termination condition then you have a loop body that is computing successive iterations .
Well with lazy evaluation , you can separate out the termination condition and the loop body .
So you write one function that produces an infinite list of approximations .
Of course , when you run it , you are not going to produce infinitely many , all that mean is that it can produce any number of approximations , there is no termination condition built in and then you write a separate function that takes the limit , which contains the termination condition .
So then you split that numerical program into two parts , generate the infinite sequence of approximations and take the limit .
And those parts are re-usable especially the limit taking part you can then write all kinds of other numerical algorithms to produce an infinite list of approximations , and then take the limit in the same way .
And the clever trick that I remembered from my numerical analysis course , was this : when you look at these sequences of approximations always however you constructed it you can think of it as each element is the right answer plus an errata and now if you look at two success of approximations , you can actually eliminate the errata well you can't eliminate it all together , if it 's a linear errata what happens is you eliminate the linear part and you are left with a second order , or you can eliminate the second order error part and then you get a third order errata when you do this you can take a sequence of approximations and you can apply a function to it to generate another sequence of approximations that converges faster it 's called Richardson method and I could implement that idea as one function and then construct numerical integration programs by one very naïve trapezium role integration function to generate the first sequence , and if I wanted a forth order method I just apply the Richardson optimization enough times and then take the limit .
So that 's an example of numerical algorithms that become very very easy to construct thanks to the ability to factor up each of these parts as a separate function .
5 . You 've said you had a few examples , can you give us more , because I guess people are interested in examples , this is one case of the example and in your paper you cited other examples for this composition model .
Yes , the other example that I gave there was an implementation of Alpha - beta search and this is a very nice application of lazy evaluation where you want a certain space and you 'd like to separate the certain strategy which in this case was the Alpha - beta method from the generation of a certain space .
So in the paper I talk knots and crosses .
I had a very slow computer in those days and I needed a very easy problem , knots and crosses was so easy that even with a very bad functional language compiler that we had in those days , I could actually solve it .
So you construct the search space as a kind of a search tree , and you use lazy evaluation to do that which means that even if the search space is far too large to represent on your computer , or even if it 's an infinite space , it does n't matter because it 's only going to be constructed as the search strategy traverses it and then you write an appropriate search strategy .
That allowed me to express the alpha beta method as a single function which could search any space of the appropriate type .
And so I could apply that to the crosses game , I could apply that if I had faster computers to chess or whatever and actually I am still using the same method to this day , to program the search algorithms in QuickCheck to search minimal test cases , it 's the same method .
6 . And this composition you can apply on several levels , as many as you want , you can take any composed function and then you compose it into other logic that 's the idea , right ?
Like all the system becomes compositional .
So that is the core of functional programming , the main core , lazy evaluation and high order functions .
But languages offered today have far more features than these two features .
What do you think about all the other features and the necessity of all the other features that we have in today 's functional programming languages ?
Well , some of the features like list comprehension for example has very very nice implementation that make the kind of lazy Lisp programming that I was talking about very concise , very nice to express and when you see the same thing appearing in LINQ , in the Microsoft languages where indeed lazy evaluation used to express database search similarities using the same comprehension annotation so I think those are great new features , monads of course could be a tremendously important new concept and the syntax that has been added to Haskell to make them intuitive to use , it 's a very minor thing , people say that syntax is n't important but it 's not true , it really really is important and it makes that concept accessible even to first year programming students .
Is that the kind of thing you had in mind ?
7 . Yes , but I guess you are aware of all the things , like everybody is talking , we hear often people talking about monads but no on seems to understand them the right way or maybe tutorials are way too complicated .
Is there any simple easy way of explaining monads ?
Can you explain monads in a simple way without thinking out types and all the plumbing happening behind ?
There are several levels on which you can understand monads and the most basic level is in Haskell , just to use it input output .
And I teach first year programming students to do that they have never seen a programming language before but they are still able to learn to do input output .
A part of that is learning to use the do syntax , but you know the learning notations you tell them to use the do notation , and they do it , there is no particular problem with that .
The conceptual difficulty is that they have to understand the difference between an IO action producing a value and the value itself .
And I usually explain it like this : think of the monadic value the IO action producing the value , as the instructions for producing something , is not the same as the thing itself .
As an example if I give you a twenty pound note , that is not the same as giving you my credit card and instructions how to use my PIN to get twenty pounds from an ATM .
What 's the difference ?
What if I do the latter ?
You can choose not to do it at all , you can choose to do it as many times as you like , and it is clearly something quite different .
So it 's not hard if you explain that in this way for people to understand that there is a difference between an action and the value that it produces , and then you just explain that this difference is reflected in the Haskell type .
8 . You think that IO is over simplified in other languages or maybe it was for practical reasons over simplified in main stream languages ?
You mean because there is no difference in the type ?
Well maybe that would be a bit strong but in a language which is aiming to be a functional language there is a big advantage in having the side effects explicit in the type , so you know when you do them plus of course having an IO action as a separate type enables you to define control structures as functions and so that gives you a lot of power as well .
So yes , I guess there are advantages to distinguishing the type another language as well but there is always a cost , you have to keep those two types apart in your head , and you have to convert between them at times in your code .
It 's probably not a one size fits all question .
9 . You just talked about side effects .
What kind of side effects are we talking about ?
You talked about IO , what other side effects that I should be aware of when I am programming ?
And why should I be aware of them ?
If we think of side effects in Haskell then I got to re-interpret your question to say what kind of types of monads might there be ?
Monads do n't always represent side effects and if you think of side effects in terms of mutable data or side effects in the file system , then IO covers a large category of those .
Actually Haskell also has side effects on internal references inside the program , for example software transactional memory references .
And those are a little bit different because updating a variable inside the program is n't an effect that is visible from outside .
So those side effects can be encapsulated , in a way that IO side effects can't but you can use monads for all kind of other things as well ; monads has a programming structuring tool so going back to why functional programming matters .
And you can define reusable high order function and you can implement the monad API with them and that gives you a lot of power .
For example in quick check then the random generation is done by a random generator monad there are no side effects going on in there , but it still provides a nice way to capture and hide the details of the random generation so to the programmer it looks like the same kind of programming that you do when you do IO programming .
Other examples would be monads that capture continuations for example support code - routing , sky is the limit really .
10 .
So I understand the monad as something that takes out the same complexity that I see everywhere takes out of code that I write cleaner code ?
Yes , any high order function is there to hide complexity and monads provide one high order function that will hide a particular kind of complexity , so in general when you introduce a monad into your code , then you are hiding some ugly plumbing which you previously or otherwise would have throughout the code , hiding it in a monad would improve the structure of your code in a nice way .
11 . I am not actually willing to get into a debate between static and dynamic typing but your first explanation of functional programming did n't mention any typing , you were talking about functions and lazy evaluation what does " types " has to do inside that equation ?
Because we see a lot of functional programming like for example Haskell provides static typing , Ocaml does too and there seems to be good reasons for why they used static typing .
Another good reason not to use static typing , I am interested in knowing what you think about that , since you program in Erlang and in Haskell and you seem to know about both of them .
Yes , so the type system in Haskell has been a very very active field of research for quite a long time some really exciting work has been done .
And I guess it gives two main benefits : one benefit is of course static type checking and just like everybody else of course I make type errors and I like having them spotted like that by the type checker , I miss that when I write Erlang code .
The other benefit in Haskell is the over loading that the class system gives which lets you conceal parameters of the type system helps there to clean up your code in a certain amount the parameter passing happens implicitly and for example in the Haskell quick check that we were able to provide a very very nice looking API where you do n't have to specify how to generate data at all because it can be inferred from the types .
That 's an example simplifying code thanks to the type system .
But I am not a type system nazi , some of the research in type systems aims to make the type systems more and more expressive so that more and more errors can be caught at compile time by the type checker .
Of course that can be very useful but the other side of the coin is there are more restrictive type system we 'll have more of an impact on the way that you write code and I think you have to keep that balance in mind so it's not necessarily an advantage to make the type system stronger and more expressive .
An example of that would be generic programming in Haskell , there is lots and lots of papers about it and indeed you can still write papers on how you can do generic programming in Haskell .
Generic programming in Erlang which I do a lot is four lines of code .
12 . Is it practical or does it solve a part of the problem to write a type system that is not statically checked but still that is there and helps feeling that implicit parameters ?
Like dynamic at runtime type system Sure , as I explained in the beginning I do n't see functional programming as programming without something , I see it as programming with something and of the two features that I have talked about : high order functions and lazy evaluation Erlang has high order functions , and so all the techniques that use those you can apply in Erlang .
It does n't have lazy evaluation and I really miss that .
But you can simulate it in some cases , by simulating a suspended computation as a function with zero arguments , and I do that all the time .
So yes , moving from Haskell to Erlang most of the techniques that I am used to using in a way of thinking about my program just carries straight over .
Then Erlang provides lots of other stuff as well like the concurrency features so I learned when I started programming Erlang the hard way just how difficult concurrent programming really is .
And it 's difficult in Erlang too God help me if I should try to do it in Java .
13 .
So , do you try to keep your code side effect free in Erlang ?
Or it matters less ?
Absolutely , I have built a new version of Quick Check in Erlang and that uses random number generation and the Erlang random number library has a stateful interface , you call the random number , call that twice you get two different values .
Not so surprising .
It 's very tempting when you have a library with side effects to build code on top of it with side effects and that 's what I did to begin with and I have been programming in Haskell for so many years that to be honest I have forgot just how harmful side effects can be .
Every single bug that has happened tearing my hair out in Quick Check has been caused by those very side effects with the result that I have now put a purely functional API on top and I do n't tear my hair anymore .
So yes , side effects I find really harmful , and I avoid them wherever possible in my Erlang code .
16 .
Are there any other functional programming languages that you find interesting other than Erlang and Haskell ?
Sure , F Sharp for example seems to have a lot of nice features and it's very exciting to see the things that Don Syme is doing with it .
If I think of the Scheme work , then the DrScheme environment and work that has been done on teaching that stuff is really exciting .
So yes , Haskell and Erlang are the ones that I use and that is partially because life is too short even to use all the functional programming languages , but there is lot of interesting work in many of the others as well .
18 . What I meant controllable side effects ?
Yes , they are controllable , most of the concurrent programming that I have done has been in Erlang actually what can I say about it ?
You can screw up with message passing , you can make that locks , you can experience race conditions , but fortunately they are not at the same level as you can experience with mutable structures .
So you do n't get data races where you forgot to take a lock , or a compound structure you find two pieces updating different fields at the same time .
Rather you suffer higher level concurrency problems like a server stops , it de-registers its name from the local name server and another invocation starts and it tries to register its name and those messages arrive in the wrong order and then you have to deal with that and so I guess you experience concurrency problems but not so enormously many of them that they are impossible to cope with .
19 .
So what about Haskell ?
Have you tried to do multi core programming with Haskell ?
A little bit and I have n't spent a lot of time doing that I must admit but what we did find was that things did n't necessarily speed up as much as we had hoped and I think that was probably because the concurrent processes were sharing the same data structures , so we were getting a lot of cost in the cache coherence algorithm .
One of the bad things about Erlang is that when you send a message it really is copied into the receiving processe's heap and so a lot of copying goes on .
One of the good things about it is that once you have done it , there is not going to be any contention in the cashes for those values .
I can't say very much about that though , you should ask Simon they know much more about this then I do .
20 .
You said you could run into race conditions in Erlang not at the same level as other languages , much less and that is why you wrote Quick Check right ?
That is one of the reasons , what you are thinking there is the pulse randomizing scheduler that we wrote for Erlang so let 's us interleave the execution of concurrent Erlang processes at the level of message sending and receiving in order to search for race conditions .
And that has been quite successful at easing out some conditions and components that do n't figure were written which were actually in use .
21 . Of course you are writing with Erlang and all data structures in Erlang are immutable so you are quite safe regarding that but there are new programming languages like Scala and F # which have mutable data structures and they have functional programming features like high order functions , laziness and so on .
Do you think it would be easy to mix these two parts like object orientation with mutable data and functional programming wit lazy evaluation ?
Lazy evaluation in particular mixes very very poorly with implicit side effects .
And the reason is for a start you do n't know in what order your code will be executed , so if you imagine writing comparative code and then taking out the statements that you are going to execute , throw them in the air and shuffling them and execute them in a different order , the chances of your program working are very slim .
Not only that but parts of your code might not be executed at all , so that is why using side effects together with laziness is extremely difficult .
It 's not to say we can't do it , in Haskell we have the un safe perform IO function and you can use that to do implicit side effects in conjunction with lazy evaluation in order to implement things like mom function where you need to implement things inside the implementation .
But it 's a very specialized job and you want to keep the code in which that happens as small and as simple as possible and make sure that it has a purely functional interface otherwise the lazy evaluation will ruin your day .
So I think that in languages that combine mutable data structures and lazy evaluation then programs are going to have to learn to keep the two separate not to use mutability in the part of the laziness and if you read tutorials on this in links and C# for example they advise you do n't do side effects in the parts that are going to be lazy evaluated .
22 . And you think that transactional memory can help in that sense at least for mutation , for data mutation ?
Transactional memory is a wonderful idea for concurrent programming but I do n't think it 's going to help with that the interface with lazy evaluation there the problem is that your side effects happen in an unpredictable order or not at all .
And I do n't think it has anything to do with transactional memory actually .
This cube may look like hell 's version of Jenga , but it 's actually an elaborate , 125 - piece puzzle .
The solution ?
A single - shot 45 - caliber muzzle - loading pistol called the Intimidator .
No , seriously .
See for yourself .
Advertisement
The Intimidator puzzle , by machinist GarE Maxton , comprises six different kinds of metal : aluminum , brass , bronze , copper , magnesium , and steel .
When disassembled , it 's an impressive array of pieces :
Advertisement
Not all of those go into the weapon itself , of course .
Because the Intimidator 's way more than just a gun :
" [ It 's ] a customized set of tools , all necessary hardware , 45 caliber bullets , a standard sight , a laser sight , a canister containing black powder pellets , a secure storage area for 209 shotgun primers , a spent primer removal tool and a ramrod for loading the bullets . "
And if you 're having a hard time visualizing all of that stuff amidst those parts , here 's the finished product for you :
Advertisement
That 's right : not just a gun .
A golden gun .
Which is fair ; after all that hard assembly work you deserve something pretty .
[ GarE Maxton via LikeCool ]
Ms Gillard indicated Communications Minister Stephen Conroy might tweak parts of the proposed filter before it was introduced .
'' I understand that there 's a set of … technical concerns about internet speed , and also concerns that somehow this accidentally does n't move into taking away legitimate use of the internet , '' she said .
Vocal filter critic Mark Newton said the comments showed Ms Gillard was not going to use the change of leadership to moderate the party 's position on the issue .
The network engineer attacked the cinema comparison , noting that '' the reason nobody can see child pornography in cinemas is because it's illegal and aggressively pursued by police ' ' .
'' I call on Julia Gillard to spend a little bit more time listening to the policy 's critics , instead of dismissing them with silly throwaway lines about child pornography . ''
But Ms Gillard won backing from Christian group FamilyVoice Australia , whose spokeswoman Ros Phillips said she was '' delighted ' ' the government 's position was being maintained .
'' The underlying principle , you can't dispute : why should you treat the internet differently from any form of communications like films and books and so on . ''
The government has said it will introduce legislation to establish the filter after consultations are complete , but it is unlikely to bring it before Parliament ahead of the next election .
The federal opposition is yet to formalise its position on the mandatory filter .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A 20 - year - old Virginia man , who posted warnings to the makers of animated TV show “ South Park ” in April , was arrested on Wednesday on charges of providing material support to an extremist group that has ties to al Qaeda , the U.S. Justice Department said .
The defendant , Zachary Adam Chesser , a U.S. citizen living in Fairfax County in Virginia , told federal agents that he attempted twice to travel to Somalia to join the al Shabaab group as a foreign fighter , the department said .
Chesser told U.S. agents his mother had received death threats after postings he made on the Internet about the “ South Park ” satirical animated television show .
The show on cable channel Comedy Central in April showed the Prophet Mohammad in a bear outfit .
Most Muslims consider any depiction of the founder of Islam as offensive .
The Internet postings showed a graphic picture of slain Dutch filmmaker Theo Van Gogh and warned “ South Park ” creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker they risked meeting the same fate .
Chesser was prevented from boarding a flight from New York to Uganda on July 10 .
He admitted that he intended to travel from Uganda to Somalia , according to an FBI affidavit filed in federal court in Virginia .
Chesser said he had planned to join al Shabaab , but that he had a change of heart after learning about the deadly bombings in Uganda earlier this month for which the group has claimed responsibility .
One American was among the 73 that were killed in the attack .
In 2008 , the U.S. State Department designated al Shabaab as a foreign terrorist organization .
U.S. officials have said many of the group ’s senior leaders are believed to have trained and fought with al Qaeda in Afghanistan .
Chesser told agents he became interested in Islam in July of 2008 .
Chesser said he did not support acts of terrorism or violence , but that he wanted the United States to fail in its overseas military efforts .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
STEVE BRODNER Ad Policy
Editors ’ Note :
We encourage readers moved by this essay to sign the Change Congress petition , a drive to enact solutions proposed in this article .
Click here to sign .
A video commentary by Professor Lessig can be viewed here .
We should remember what it felt like one year ago , as the ability to recall it emotionally will pass and it is an emotional memory as much as anything else .
It was a moment rare in a democracy ’s history .
The feeling was palpable –to supporters and opponents alike –that something important had happened .
America had elected , the young candidate promised , a transformational president .
And wrapped in a campaign that had produced the biggest influx of new voters and small - dollar contributions in a generation , the claim seemed credible , almost intoxicating , and just in time .
Yet a year into the presidency of Barack Obama , it is already clear that this administration is an opportunity missed .
Not because it is too conservative .
Not because it is too liberal .
But because it is too conventional .
Obama has given up the rhetoric of his early campaign–a campaign that promised to " challenge the broken system in Washington " and to " fundamentally change the way Washington works . "
Indeed , " fundamental change " is no longer even a hint .
Instead , we are now seeing the consequences of a decision made at the most vulnerable point of Obama ’s campaign–just when it seemed that he might really have beaten the party ’s presumed nominee .
For at that moment , Obama handed the architecture of his new administration over to a team that thought what America needed most was another Bill Clinton .
A team chosen by the brother of one of DC ’s most powerful lobbyists , and a White House headed by the quintessential DC politician .
A team that could envision nothing more than the ordinary politics of Washington – the kind of politics Obama had called " small . "
A team whose imagination –politically –is tiny .
These tiny minds–brilliant though they may be in the conventional game of DC –have given up what distinguished Obama ’s extraordinary campaign .
Not the promise of healthcare reform or global warming legislation –Hillary Clinton had embraced both of those ideas , and every other substantive proposal that Obama advanced .
Instead , the passion that Obama inspired grew from the recognition that something fundamental had gone wrong in the way our government functions , and his commitment to reform it .
For Obama once spoke for the anger that has now boiled over in even the blue state Massachusetts –that our government is corrupt ; that fundamental change is needed .
As he told us , both parties had allowed " lobbyists and campaign contributions to rig the system . "
And " unless we ’re willing to challenge [ that ] broken system … nothing else is going to change . "
" The reason " Obama said he was " running for president [ was ] to challenge that system . "
For " if we ’re not willing to take up that fight , then real change–change that will make a lasting difference in the lives of ordinary Americans –will keep getting blocked by the defenders of the status quo . "
This administration has not " taken up that fight . "
Instead , it has stepped down from the high ground the president occupied on January 20 , 2009 , and played a political game no different from the one George W. Bush played , or Bill Clinton before him .
Obama has accepted the power of the " defenders of the status quo " and simply negotiated with them .
" Audacity " fits nothing on the list of last year ’s activity , save the suggestion that this is the administration the candidate had promised .
Maybe this was his plan all along .
It was not what he said .
And by ignoring what he promised , and by doing what he attacked ( " too many times , after the election is over , and the confetti is swept away , all those promises fade from memory , and the lobbyists and the special interests move in " ) , Obama will leave the presidency , whether in 2013 or 2017 , with Washington essentially intact and the movement he inspired betrayed .
That movement needs new leadership .
On the right ( the tea party ) and the left ( MoveOn and Bold Progressives ) , there is an unstoppable recognition that our government has failed .
But both sides need to understand the source of its failure if either or , better , both together , are to respond .
At the center of our government lies a bankrupt institution : Congress .
Not financially bankrupt , at least not yet , but politically bankrupt .
Bush v. Gore notwithstanding , Americans ’ faith in the Supreme Court remains extraordinarily high – 76 percent have a fair or great deal of " trust and confidence " in the Court .
Their faith in the presidency is also high – 61 percent .
But consistently and increasingly over the past decade , faith in Congress has collapsed –slowly , and then all at once .
Today it is at a record low .
Just 45 percent of Americans have " trust and confidence " in Congress ; just 25 percent approve of how Congress is handling its job .
A higher percentage of Americans likely supported the British Crown at the time of the Revolution than support our Congress today .
The source of America ’s cynicism is not hard to find .
Americans despise the inauthentic .
Gregory House , of the eponymous TV medical drama , is a hero not because he is nice ( he is n’t ) but because he is true .
Tiger Woods is a disappointment not because he is evil ( he is n’t ) but because he proved false .
We may want peace and prosperity , but most would settle for simple integrity .
Yet the single attribute least attributed to Congress , at least in the minds of the vast majority of Americans , is just that : integrity .
And this is because most believe our Congress is a simple pretense .
That rather than being , as our framers promised , an institution " dependent on the People , " the institution has developed a pathological dependence on campaign cash .
The US Congress has become the Fundraising Congress .
And it answers–as Republican and Democratic presidents alike have discovered –not to the People , and not even to the president , but increasingly to the relatively small mix of interests that fund the key races that determine which party will be in power .
This is corruption .
Not the corruption of bribes , or of any other crime known to Title 18 of the US Code .
Instead , it is a corruption of the faith Americans have in this core institution of our democracy .
The vast majority of Americans believe money buys results in Congress ( 88 percent in a recent California poll ) .
And whether that belief is true or not , the damage is the same .
The democracy is feigned .
A feigned democracy breeds cynicism .
Cynicism leads to disengagement .
Disengagement leaves the fox guarding the henhouse .
This corruption is not hidden .
On the contrary , it is in plain sight , with its practices simply more and more brazen .
Consider , for example , the story Robert Kaiser tells in his fantastic book So Damn Much Money , about Senator John Stennis , who served for forty - one years until his retirement in 1989 .
Stennis , no choirboy himself , was asked by a colleague to host a fundraiser for military contractors while he was chair of the Armed Services Committee .
" Would that be proper ? " Stennis asked .
" I hold life and death over those companies .
I do n’t think it would be proper for me to take money from them . "
Is such a norm even imaginable in DC today ?
Compare Stennis with Max Baucus , who has gladly opened his campaign chest to $ 3.3 million in contributions from the healthcare and insurance industries since 2005 , a time when he has controlled healthcare in the Senate .
Or Senators Lieberman , Bayh and Nelson , who took millions from insurance and healthcare interests and then opposed the ( in their states ) popular public option for healthcare .
Or any number of Blue Dog Democrats in the House who did the same , including , most prominently , Arkansas ’s Mike Ross .
Or Republican John Campbell , a California landlord who in 2008 received ( as ethics reports indicate ) between $ 600,000 and $ 6 million in rent from used car dealers , who successfully inserted an amendment into the Consumer Financial Protection Agency
Act to exempt car dealers from financing rules to protect consumers .
Or Democrats Melissa Bean and Walter Minnick , who took top - dollar contributions from the financial services sector and then opposed stronger oversight of financial regulations .
The list is endless ; the practice open and notorious .
Since the time of Rome , historians have taught that while corruption is a part of every society , the only truly dangerous corruption comes when the society has lost any sense of shame .
Washington has lost its sense of shame .
As fundraising becomes the focus of Congress–as the parties force members to raise money for other members , as they reward the best fundraisers with lucrative committee assignments and leadership positions –the focus of Congressional " work " shifts .
Like addicts constantly on the lookout for their next fix , members grow impatient with anything that does n’t promise the kick of a campaign contribution .
The first job is meeting the fundraising target .
Everything else seems cheap .
Talk about policy becomes , as one Silicon Valley executive described it to me , " transactional . "
The perception , at least among industry staffers dealing with the Hill , is that one makes policy progress only if one can promise fundraising progress as well .
This dance has in turn changed the character of Washington .
As Kaiser explains , Joe Rothstein , an aide to former Senator Mike Gravel , said there was never a " period of pristine American politics untainted by money … .
Money has been part of American politics forever , on occasion –in the Gilded Age or the Harding administration , for example –much more blatantly than recently . "
But " in recent decades ‘ the scale of it has just gotten way out of hand . ’
The money may have come in brown paper bags in earlier eras , but the politicians needed , and took , much less of it than they take through more formal channels today . "
And not surprisingly , as powerful interests from across the nation increasingly invest in purchasing public policy rather than inventing a better mousetrap , wealth , and a certain class of people , shift to Washington .
According to the 2000 Census , fourteen of the hundred richest counties were in the Washington area .
In 2007 , nine of the richest twenty were in the area .
Again , Kaiser : " In earlier generations enterprising young men came to Washington looking for power and political adventure , often with ambitions to save or reform the country or the world .
In the last fourth of the twentieth century such aspirations were supplanted by another familiar American yearning : to get rich . "
Rich , indeed , they are , with the godfather of the lobbyist class , Gerald Cassidy , amassing more than $ 100 million from his lobbying business .
Members of Congress are insulted by charges like these .
They insist that money has no such effect .
Perhaps , they concede , it buys access .
( As former Representative Romano Mazzoli put it , " People who contribute get the ear of the member and the ear of the staff .
They have the access–and access is it . " )
But , the cash - seekers insist , it does n’t change anyone ’s mind .
The souls of members are not corrupted by private funding .
It is simply the way Americans go about raising the money necessary to elect our government .
But there are two independent and adequate responses to this weak rationalization for the corruption of the Fundraising Congress .
First : whether or not this money has corrupted anyone ’s soul–that is , whether it has changed any vote or led any politician to bend one way or the other–there is no doubt that it leads the vast majority of Americans to believe that money buys results in Congress .
Even if it does n’t , that ’s what Americans believe .
Even if , that is , the money does n’t corrupt the soul of a single member of Congress , it corrupts the institution–by weakening faith in it , and hence weakening the willingness of citizens to participate in their government .
Why waste your time engaging politically when it is ultimately money that buys results , at least if you ’re not one of those few souls with vast sums of it ?
" But maybe , " the apologist insists , " the problem is in what Americans believe .
Maybe we should work hard to convince Americans that they ’re wrong .
It ’s understandable that they believe money is corrupting Washington .
But it is n’t .
The money is benign .
It supports the positions members have already taken .
It is simply how those positions find voice and support .
It is just the American way . "
Here a second and completely damning response walks onto the field : if money really does n’t affect results in Washington , then what could possibly explain the fundamental policy failures–relative to every comparable democracy across the world , whether liberal or conservative –of our government over the past decades ?
The choice ( made by Democrats and Republicans alike ) to leave unchecked a huge and crucially vulnerable segment of our economy , which threw the economy over a cliff when it tanked ( as independent analysts again and again predicted it would ) .
Or the choice to leave unchecked the spread of greenhouse gases .
Or to leave unregulated the exploding use of antibiotics in our food supply –producing deadly strains of E. coli .
Or the inability of the twenty years of " small government " Republican presidents in the past twenty - nine to reduce the size of government at all .
Or… you fill in the blank .
From the perspective of what the People want , or even the perspective of what the political parties say they want , the Fundraising Congress is misfiring in every dimension .
That is either because Congress is filled with idiots or because Congress has a dependency on something other than principle or public policy sense .
In my view , Congress is not filled with idiots .
The point is simple , if extraordinarily difficult for those of us proud of our traditions to accept : this democracy no longer works .
Its central player has been captured .
Corrupted .
Controlled by an economy of influence disconnected from the democracy .
Congress has developed a dependency foreign to the framers ’ design .
Corporate campaign spending , now liberated by the Supreme Court , will only make that dependency worse .
" A dependence " not , as the Federalist Papers celebrated it , " on the People " but a dependency upon interests that have conspired to produce a world in which policy gets sold .
No one , Republican or Democratic , who does n’t currently depend upon this system should accept it .
No president , Republican or Democratic , who does n’t change this system could possibly hope for any substantive reform .
For small - government Republicans , the existing system will always block progress .
There will be no end to extensive and complicated taxation and regulation until this system changes ( for the struggle over endless and complicated taxation and regulation is just a revenue opportunity for the Fundraising Congress ) .
For reform - focused Democrats , the existing system will always block progress .
There will be no change in fundamental aspects of the existing economy , however inefficient , from healthcare to energy to food production , until this political economy is changed ( for the reward from the status quo to stop reform is always irresistible to the Fundraising Congress ) .
In a single line : there will be no change until we change Congress .
That Congress is the core of the problem with American democracy today is a point increasingly agreed upon by a wide range of the commentators .
But almost universally , these commentators obscure the source of the problem .
Some see our troubles as tied to the arcane rules of the institution , particularly the Senate .
Ezra Klein of the Washington Post , for example , has tied the failings of Congress to the filibuster and argues that the first step of fundamental reform has got to be to fix that .
Tom Geoghegan made a related argument in these pages in August , and the argument appears again in this issue .
( Of course , these pages were less eager to abolish the filibuster when the idea was floated by the Republicans in 2005 , but put that aside . )
These arguments , however , miss a basic point .
Filibuster rules simply set the price that interests must pay to dislodge reform .
If the rules were different , the price would no doubt be higher .
But a higher price would n’t change the economy of influence .
Indeed , as political scientists have long puzzled , special interests underinvest in Washington relative to the potential return .
These interests could just as well afford to assure that fifty - one senators block reform as forty .
Others see the problem as tied to lobbyists–as if removing lobbyists from the mix of legislating ( as if that constitutionally could be done ) would be reform enough to assure that legislation was not corrupted .
But the problem in Washington is not lobbying .
The problem is the role that lobbyists have come to play .
As John Edwards used to say ( when we used to quote what Edwards said ) , there ’s all the difference in the world between a lawyer making an argument to a jury and a lawyer handing out $ 100 bills to the jurors .
That line is lost on the profession today .
The profession would earn enormous credibility if it worked to restore it .
Finally , some believe the problem of Congress is tied to excessive partisanship .
Members from an earlier era routinely point to the loss of a certain civility and common purpose .
The game as played by both parties seems more about the parties than about the common good .
But it is this part of the current crisis that the dark soul in me admires most .
There is a brilliance to how the current fraud is sustained .
Everyone inside this game recognizes that if the public saw too clearly that the driving force in Washington is campaign cash , the public might actually do something to change that .
So every issue gets reframed as if it were really a question touching some deep ( or not so deep ) ideological question .
Drug companies fund members , for example , to stop reforms that might actually test whether " me too " drugs are worth the money they cost .
But the reforms get stopped by being framed as debates about " death panels " or " denying doctor choice " rather than the simple argument of cost - effectiveness that motivates the original reform .
A very effective campaign succeeds in obscuring the source of conflict over major issues of reform with the pretense that it is ideology rather than campaign cash that divides us .
Each of these causes is a symptom of a more fundamental disease .
That disease is improper dependency .
Remove the dependency , and these symptoms become–if not perfectly then at least much more–benign .
As someone who has known Obama vaguely for almost twenty years –he was my colleague at the University of Chicago , and I supported and contributed to every one of his campaigns –I would have bet my career that he understood this .
That ’s what he told us again and again in his campaign , not as colorfully as Edwards , but ultimately more convincingly .
That ’s what distinguished him from Hillary Clinton .
That ’s what Clinton , defender of the lobbyists , did n’t get .
It was " fundamentally chang[ing ] the way Washington works " that was the essential change that would make change believable .
So if you had told me in 2008 that Obama expected to come to power and radically remake the American economy–as his plans to enact healthcare and a response to global warming alone obviously would –without first radically changing this corrupted machinery of government , I would not have believed it .
Who could believe such a change possible , given the economy of influence that defines Washington now ?
Yet a year into this administration , it is impossible to believe this kind of change is anywhere on the administration ’s radar , at least anymore .
The need to reform Congress has left Obama ’s rhetoric .
The race to dicker with Congress in the same way Congress always deals is now the plan .
Symbolic limits on lobbyists within the administration and calls for new disclosure limits for Congress are the sole tickets of " reform . "
( Even its revolving - door policy left a Mack truck - wide gap at its core : members of the administration can’t leave the government and lobby for the industries they regulated during the term of the administration .
But the day after Obama leaves office ?
All bets are off . )
Save a vague promise in his State of the Union about overturning the Court ’s decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission ( as if that were reform enough ) , there is nothing in the current framework of the White House ’s plans that is anything more than the strategy of a kinder and gentler , albeit certainly more articulate , George W. Bush : buying reform at whatever price the Fundraising Congress demands .
No doubt Obama will try to buy more reform than Bush did .
But the terms will continue to be set by a Congress driven by a dependency that betrays democracy , and at a price that is not clear we can even afford .
Healthcare reform is a perfect example .
The bill the Fundraising Congress has produced is miles from the reform that Obama promised ( " Any plan I sign must include an insurance exchange … including a public option , " July 19 , 2009 ) .
Like the stimulus package , like the bank bailouts , it is larded with gifts to the most powerful fundraising interests –including a promise to drug companies to pay retail prices for wholesale purchases and a promise to the insurance companies to leave their effectively collusive ( since exempt from anti-trust limitations ) and extraordinarily inefficient system of insurance intact–and provides ( relative to the promises ) little to the supposed intended beneficiaries of the law : the uninsured .
In this , it is the perfect complement to the only significant social legislation enacted by Bush , the prescription drug benefit : a small benefit to those who ca n’t afford drugs , a big gift to those who make drugs and an astonishingly expensive price tag for the nation .
So how did Obama get to this sorry bill ?
The first step , we are told , was to sit down with representatives from the insurance and pharmaceutical industries to work out a deal .
But why , the student of Obama ’s campaign might ask , were they the entities with whom to strike a deal ?
How many of the 69,498,516 votes received by Obama did they actually cast ?
" We have to change our politics , " Obama said .
Where is the change in this ?
" People … watch , " Obama told us in the campaign , " as every year , candidates offer up detailed healthcare plans with great fanfare and promise , only to see them crushed under the weight of Washington politics and drug and insurance industry lobbying once the campaign is over . "
" This cannot , " he said , " be one of those years . "
It has been one of those years .
And it will continue to be so long as presidents continue to give a free pass to the underlying corruption of our democracy : Congress .
There was a way Obama might have had this differently .
It would have been risky , some might say audacious .
And it would have required an imagination far beyond the conventional politics that now controls his administration .
No doubt , 2009 was going to be an extraordinarily difficult year .
Our nation was a cancer patient hit by a bus on her way to begin chemotherapy .
The first stages of reform thus had to be trauma care , at least to stabilize the patient until more fundamental treatment could begin .
But even then , there was an obvious way that Obama could have reserved the recognition of the need for this more fundamental reform by setting up the expectations of the nation forcefully and clearly .
Building on the rhetoric at the core of his campaign , on January 20 , 2009 , Obama could have said :
America has spoken .
It has demanded a fundamental change in how Washington works , and in the government America delivers .
I commit to America to work with Congress to produce that change .
But if we fail , if Congress blocks the change that America has demanded –or more precisely , if Congress allows the special interests that control it to block the change that America has demanded –then it will be time to remake Congress .
Not by throwing out the Democrats , or by throwing out the Republicans .
But by throwing out both , to the extent that both continue to want to work in the old way .
If this Congress fails to deliver change , then we will change Congress .
Had he framed his administration in these terms , then when what has happened happened , Obama would be holding the means to bring about the obvious and critical transformation that our government requires : an end to the Fundraising Congress .
The failure to deliver on the promises of the campaign would not be the failure of Obama to woo Republicans ( the unwooable Victorians of our age ) .
The failure would have been what America was already primed to believe : a failure of this corrupted institution to do its job .
Once that failure was marked with a frame that Obama set , he would have been in the position to begin the extraordinarily difficult campaign to effect the real change that Congress needs .
I am not saying this would have been easy .
It would n’t have .
It would have been the most important constitutional struggle since the New Deal or the Civil War .
It would have involved a fundamental remaking of the way Congress works .
No one should minimize how hard that would have been .
But if there was a president who could have done this , it was , in my view , Obama .
No politician in almost a century has had the demonstrated capacity to inspire the imagination of a nation .
He had us , all of us , and could have kept us had he kept the focus high .
Nor can one exaggerate the need for precisely this reform .
We ca n’t just putter along anymore .
Our government is , as Paul Krugman put it , " ominously dysfunctional " just at a time when the world desperately needs at least competence .
Global warming , pandemic disease , a crashing world economy : these are not problems we can leave to a litter of distracted souls .
We are at one of those rare but critical moments when a nation must remake itself , to restore its government to its high ideals and to the potential of its people .
Think of the brilliance of almost any bit of the private sector–from Hollywood , to Silicon Valley , to MIT , to the arts in New York or Nashville–and imagine a government that reflected just a fraction of that excellence .
We cannot afford any less anymore .
What would the reform the Congress needs be ?
At its core , a change that restores institutional integrity .
A change that rekindles a reason for America to believe in the central institution of its democracy by removing the dependency that now defines the Fundraising Congress .
Two changes would make that removal complete .
Achieving just one would have made Obama the most important president in a hundred years .
That one–and first –would be to enact an idea proposed by a Republican ( Teddy Roosevelt ) a century ago : citizen - funded elections .
America wo n’t believe in Congress , and Congress wo n’t deliver on reform , whether from the right or the left , until Congress is no longer dependent upon conservative - with - a - small - c interests –meaning those in the hire of the status quo , keen to protect the status quo against change .
So long as the norms support a system in which members sell out for the purpose of raising funds to get re-elected , citizens will continue to believe that money buys results in Congress .
So long as citizens believe that , it will .
Citizen - funded elections could come in a number of forms .
The most likely is the current bill sponsored in the House by Democrat John Larson and Republican Walter Jones , in the Senate by Democrats Dick Durbin and Arlen Specter .
That bill is a hybrid between traditional public funding and small - dollar donations .
Under this Fair Elections Now Act ( which , by the way , is just about the dumbest moniker for the statute possible , at least if the sponsors hope to avoid Supreme Court invalidation ) , candidates could opt in to a system that would give them , after clearing certain hurdles , substantial resources to run a campaign .
Candidates would also be free to raise as much money as they want in contributions maxed at $ 100 per citizen .
The only certain effect of this first change would be to make it difficult to believe that money buys any results in Congress .
A second change would make that belief impossible : banning any member of Congress from working in any lobbying or consulting capacity in Washington for seven years after his or her term .
Part of the economy of influence that corrupts our government today is that Capitol Hill has become , as Representative Jim Cooper put it , a " farm league for K Street . "
But K Street will lose interest after seven years , and fewer in Congress would think of their career the way my law students think about life after law school–six to eight years making around $ 180,000 , and then doubling or tripling that as a partner , where " partnership " for members of Congress means a comfortable position on K Street .
Before the Supreme Court ’s decision in Citizens United v. FEC , I thought these changes alone would be enough at least to get reform started .
But the clear signal of the Roberts Court is that any reform designed to muck about with whatever wealth wants is constitutionally suspect .
And while it would take an enormous leap to rewrite constitutional law to make the Fair Elections Now Act unconstitutional , Citizens United demonstrates that the Court is in a jumping mood .
And more ominously , the market for influence that that decision will produce may well overwhelm any positive effect that Fair Elections produces .
This fact has led some , including now me , to believe that reform needs people who can walk and chew gum at the same time .
Without doubt , we need to push the Fair Elections Now Act .
But we also need to begin the process to change the Constitution to assure that reform can survive the Roberts Court .
That constitutional change should focus on the core underlying problem : institutional independence .
The economy of influence that grips Washington has destroyed Congress ’s independence .
Congress needs the power to restore it , by both funding elections to secure independence and protecting the context within which elections occur so that the public sees that integrity .
No amendment would come from this Congress , of course .
But the framers left open a path to amendment that does n’t require the approval of Congress–a convention , which must be convened if two - thirds of the states apply for it .
Interestingly ( politically ) those applications need not agree on the purpose of the convention .
Some might see the overturning of Citizens United .
Others might want a balanced budget amendment .
The only requirement is that two - thirds apply , and then begins the drama of an unscripted national convention to debate questions of fundamental law .
Many fear a convention , worrying that our democracy can’t process constitutional innovation well .
I do n’t share that fear , but in any case , any proposed amendment still needs thirty - eight states to ratify it .
There are easily twelve solid blue states in America and twelve solid red states .
No one should fear that change would be too easy .
No doubt constitutional amendments are politically impossible–just as wresting a republic from the grip of a monarchy , or abolishing slavery or segregation , or electing Ronald Reagan or Barack Obama was " politically impossible . "
But conventional minds are always wrong about pivot moments in a nation ’s history .
Obama promised this was such a moment .
The past year may prove that he let it slip from his hand .
For this , democracy pivots .
It will either spin to restore integrity or it will spin further out of control .
Whether it will is no longer a choice .
Our only choice is how .
Imagine an alcoholic .
He may be losing his family , his job and his liver .
These are all serious problems .
Indeed , they are among the worst problems anyone could face .
But what we all understand about the dependency of alcoholism is that however awful these problems , the alcoholic cannot begin to solve them until he solves his first problem–alcoholism .
So too is it with our democracy .
Whether on the left or the right , there is an endless list of critical problems that each side believes important .
The Reagan right wants less government and a simpler tax system .
The progressive left wants better healthcare and a stop to global warming .
Each side views these issues as critical , either to the nation ( the right ) or to the globe ( the left ) .
But what both sides must come to see is that the reform of neither is possible until we solve our first problem first –the dependency of the Fundraising Congress .
This dependency will perpetually block reform of any kind , since reform is always a change in the status quo , and it is defense of the status quo that the current corruption has perfected .
For again , as Obama said :
If we ’re not willing to take up that fight , then real change–change that will make a lasting difference in the lives of ordinary Americans –will keep getting blocked by the defenders of the status quo .
" Defenders of the status quo " –now including the souls that hijacked the movement Obama helped inspire .
Editors ’ Note :
We encourage readers moved by this essay to sign the Change Congress petition , a drive to enact solutions proposed in this article .
Click here to sign .
A video commentary by Professor Lessig can be viewed here .
“ There is already a culture of getting work done here , ” Mr. Bacigalupo said .
“ We might turn the music up a little louder at night , crack open a few beers , but I think it helps that people know you come here to focus and make things . ”
One big advantage of the late - night hours is that they are blissfully free of the distractions that clutter the daytime .
Even the Web goes quiet .
People feel less compelled to check Twitter and Facebook and chat with friends and colleagues via instant message .
“ When you do n’t have your co-workers constantly interrupting you , fewer friends bored at work and on IM , it ’s easier to get things done , ” said Montana Low , the chief scientist at RescueTime , which makes productivity software .
“ A lot of people have problems with this type of distraction , and everyone is looking for ways to get a little more out of their day . ”
On an average workday , most people visit about 40 Web sites , ranging from social networking hubs to shopping and entertainment portals , according to RescueTime , which studies the habits of the 200,000 people who have downloaded its software .
The frequency with which people jump around online slows by nearly half during the early hours of the morning , Mr. Low said .
But preferring to work at night might go beyond a need to escape distractions .
Some people are hard - wired to perform better as it gets later , said Michael Thorpy , director of the Sleep - Wake Disorder Center at the Montefiore Medical Center in the Bronx .
“ Our circadian timing of sleep is affected by genetics , and people all differ , ” he said .
Mr. Thorpy said many people experience surges of alertness two to three hours before they fall asleep  ideal for powering through some unfinished business .
“ If it fits in with their lifestyle , it can work very well , ” he said .
“ A large part of their waking day is when things are quieting down . ”
Following M.I.A. and Andy Rooney , magical fairy creature Joanna Newsom is now the third eccentric ingenue to come out as anti-Gaga .
In a terrific interview with the Guardian today — which the writer implies Newsom gave while still bombed from the night before ( “ She has only been up a few hours after ‘ quite a few post - show cocktails ’ … ” ) — the harpist compares Lady Gaga unfavorably to Madonna , then slams Madonna too .
Says Newsom , probably between hiccups :
“ I ’m mystified by the laziness of people looking at how she presents herself , and somehow assuming that implies there ’s a high level of intelligence in the songwriting .
Her approach to image is really interesting , but you listen to the music , and you just hear glow sticks .
Smart outlets for musical journalism give her all this credit , like she ’s the new Madonna … ”
She breaks off and laughs .
“ Although I ’m coming from a perspective of also thinking Madonna is not great at all .
I ’m like , fair enough : she is the new Madonna , but Madonna ’s a dumb-ass ! ”
Later , in a followup email , Newsom attempts to retreat from the above snaps , but then says some even more pointed things :
“ I may have contradicted myself .
My problem is n’t actually with Lady Gaga .
But there ’s not much in her music to distinguish it from other glossy , formulaic pop .
She just happens to wear slightly weirder outfits than Britney Spears .
But they ’re not that weird - they ’re mostly just skimpy .
She ’s fully marketing her body / sexuality ; she ’s just doing it while wearing , like , a ‘ fierce ’ telephone hair - hat .
Her sexuality has no scuzziness , no frank raunchiness , in the way that , say , Peaches , or even Grace Jones , have — she ’s Arty Spice !
And , meanwhile , she seems to take herself so oddly seriously , the way she talks about her music in the third person , like she ’s Brecht or something .
She just makes me miss Cyndi Lauper . ”
And on the subject of Madonna : “ I should n’t have called Madonna a dumb-ass .
Her music and she have just gotten so boring to me , this last decade .
I think maybe she does n’t hold her money very gracefully , the way some people can’t hold their drink .
But one thing she is surely not is dumb . ”
Good points , all !
It ’s just too bad Newsom could n’t have expressed this in the form of a harp-y , Van Dyke Parks — arranged dis track .
Joanna Newsom : ‘ Is it time for a glass of wine ? ’ [ Guardian via Pitchfork ]
Tehran , Iran ( CNN ) -- Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has accused the United States of supporting the recent bombings in the southeastern city of Zahedan to stir up religious dissension within the Islamic republic , state media said Wednesday .
" One of the main objectives the enemy pursued through the terrorist attack in Iran 's southeastern city of Zahedan was to create division and religious dissension , " Khamenei said , according to Press TV .
At least 27 people were killed in a pair of suicide bombings July 15 outside the Zahedan Grand Mosque in Sistan - Baluchestan province .
Other Iranian leaders , including President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , have already blamed the United States for the attacks .
Khamenei said Iran would not allow " arrogant powers " to obtain their objectives and urged Iranians to confront the enemies of their country , Press TV said .
" Their animosity with the Islamic republic stems from Iran 's adherence to Islam and its repeated call for unity , strength and Islamic dignity , " he said .
" [ Iran ] is now the target of the evil conspiracies of the intelligence services of the U.S. , the Zionist regime ( Israel ) and Britain , who falsely believe that Iran will become entangled in religious dissension and Shiite - Sunni conflict . "
The Iranian extremist group Jundallah , also known as the People 's Resistance Movement of Iran , claimed responsibility for the bombings in an announcement on its official website .
In the past , the Shiite government in Tehran has accused Jundallah of fomenting unrest in Sistan - Baluchistan province and alleged that the United States and Saudi Arabia are funding the group .
Jundallah says it is fighting for the rights of Sunni Muslims in the country .
Google is rolling out Android 2.2 , codenamed Froyo , to Nexus One handsets .
The new version of the operating system brings an extremely noticeable performance boost , a handful of impressive new features , some minor user interface enhancements , and useful new APIs for developers .
The additions in Froyo fill some of the gaps in the platform and augment its competitiveness relative to rivals .
Froyo was unveiled at at the Google I/O developer conference in May during a keynote presentation by Google VP of engineering Vic Gundotra .
Stabilizing the platform for an official Nexus
One release took Google a little bit longer than expected , but the software is now being made available to users through an over - the - air update .
We took it for a test drive to see how it compares to the previous version .
Batch application updates
Android 2.2 introduces several long - overdue features that substantially improve application management and make software updates less painful .
Google 's Android Market , a program that allows users to find and install third - party Android software , gained an " Update all " button that will initiate a batch update process for all applications installed on the device that have new versions available .
This addition will spare users from having to update each application manually , a tedious process that requires several taps for each program .
The Android Market 's new " Update all " button
The batch updates only require user intervention in cases where the application 's permissions have changed .
If the new version of the application requires access to additional device functionality , the user must give it permission before the update can commence .
This is a security feature that is intended to prevent applications from silently escalating their privileges without consent .
Left : Apps with permission changes are marked " manual " , Right :
The batch update process skips apps that must be updated manually
When the feature was announced at Google I/O , I stopped updating applications on my Nexus One and decided to wait for Froyo 's batch update feature .
By the time I got Froyo this week , I had 22 applications in need of updates .
This gave me a good opportunity to exercise the feature .
It downloads and installs the updates in parallel , displaying progress bars in the notification slider that allow the user to monitor the progress of individual applications .
Left : A batch update displayed in the Android notification slider , Right : Multiple apps downloading simultaneously during a batch update
Two of the applications failed to download ( 22 at once was a bit too much for my 3G connection ) and two of them had to be updated manually due to permission changes .
To update the two that failed , I just had to hit the " Update all " button again after the first batch update was finished .
For the two that required manual updates , I had to go through the normal application update process .
Common practice performed by hotels worldwide as a way of assuring guests that the bathroom has been cleaned
Folded and sealed toilet paper with cover , Hotel Monasterio 2009
Hotel toilet paper folding is a common practice performed by hotels worldwide as a way of assuring guests that the bathroom has been cleaned . [ 1 ]
The common fold normally involves creating a triangle or " V " shape out of the first sheet or square on a toilet paper roll .
Commonly , the two corners of the final sheet are tucked behind the paper symmetrically , forming a point at the end of the roll .
More elaborate folding results in shapes like fans , sailboats , and even flowers .
Toilet paper folding ( also known as " toilet paper origami " or " toilegami " ) has attracted the attention of observers within the hotel industry and beyond it , involving both sober discussion of the practice as a marketing move as well as wry commentary [ clarification needed ] with various degrees of seriousness .
The practice has been considered an emblematic example of a meme copied across the world from a hotel to another until the point that most of them now do it . [ 2 ]
Extent [ edit ]
The practice is followed by hotels all over the world , according to Stephen Gill , a British photographer who published a book of pictures of folded hotel toilet paper from various nations . [ 3 ]
Dr. Susan Blackmore , who uses the example of hotel toilet paper folding to illustrate the use of memes , pointed out in the 2006 Darwin Day Lecture before the British Humanist Association that even a remote guesthouse she visited in rural Assam in India folded the first sheet on its rolls of toilet paper . [ 2 ]
Hotel toilet paper folding is such an institution that in the horror movie 1408 it is used as one of the eerie happenings noticed by the main character — after using the toilet paper , he finds it mysteriously has been freshly folded over . [ 4 ]
Reasons [ edit ]
The practice is meant to assure customers that their hotel room has been cleaned , according to David Feldman , in his " Imponderables " syndicated newspaper column .
Feldman reported that he had contacted many of the country 's largest innkeeper chains to ask why the toilet paper was folded , and all of them provided the same answer .
He quoted James P. McCauley , executive director of the International Association of Holiday Inns : [ 1 ]
Hotels want to give their guests the confidence that the bathroom has been cleaned since the last guest has used the room .
To accomplish this , the maid will fold over the last piece of toilet paper to assure that no one has used the toilet paper since the room was cleaned .
It is subtle but effective .
Stephen Gill believes the practice is meant to please or impress customers : [ 3 ]
But the neatly made bed , the folded toilet paper — all these things symbolise attention and love .
Perhaps such finishing touches are also an attempt to suggest flawlessness or excellence , and so distract you from whatever failings the room may have .
They create a moment of stillness .
Other uses [ edit ]
Variations [ edit ]
Toilet paper with folding
Toilegami
" Toilet paper origami " ( also called " toilegami " ) is a variation that involves folding toilet paper in elaborate shapes . [ 5 ]
Gill found differences in the style and care of folding between hotels .
One example from Tokyo , " with its tiny pleats , really stands out " , according to the photographer .
" Only in Japan did I find such minute attention to detail . [...]
The New York City [ example ] , on the other hand , is very poor quality , asymmetrical on rough , thin paper .
And the Romania [ example ] is a great slab with a small , right - hand fold . " [ 3 ]
According to one hotel industry website , " Housekeepers at luxe lairs around the world are neatly folding the loose end of a partially used roll of toilet paper into a neat little bow or fan . "
Some hotels provide more elaborate flourishes : some apply a sticker attaching the folded end to the roll ; others wrap spare rolls with a ribbon ; Thompson Hotels imprint their logo on the first square . [ 6 ]
The Eldorado Hotel in Santa Fe , New Mexico , also imprints its name and logo on the ends of its toilet paper — a practice done by supervisors checking the work of the housekeepers . [ 7 ]
As part of a $ 1 billion renovation of the Fontainebleau Hotel in Miami Beach , Florida , in 2006 , the typical triangular fold practice was stopped as one of a number of changes in order to give customers an impression that the hotel was special . [ 8 ]
" We 're not going to do the little pointy thing , " rooms division chief Charlotte Rosenau told the Miami Herald .
" Every hotel does that . "
The change in toilet paper policy was made after Rosenau and several housekeepers crowded into a bathroom to experiment with different methods .
They settled on " folding the first square in half , then resting the crease midway down the roll " , according to the newspaper .
" It just looks nice and clean , " Rosenau explained . [ 8 ]
The Tickle Pink Inn , a hotel in Carmel Highlands , California , folds the ends of its toilet paper into fan - like designs , mirroring the folds of its bathroom washcloths .
A review in the San Francisco Chronicle noted the practice as " a fancy touch " . [ 9 ]
One travel writer noted seeing toilet paper folded into flowers and sailboats at hotels in Costa Rica . [ 10 ]
Usage beyond hotels [ edit ]
An automated toilet paper folding machine called Meruboa was invented in Japan .
With the push of a lever the device folds the first sheet of toilet paper into a triangle . [ 5 ]
Elaborate wedding dresses have been made from folded toilet paper ( also using glue ) . [ 11 ]
Humor and opinions [ edit ]
In a humorous opinion article at the Hotel Online website , Larry Mundy wrote in his " Room With a View " column : " In my experience , there are two basic types of hotels : those that have the housekeeper fold a cute little triangle into the unused end of the toilet paper , and those that do n't .
Call it silly , call it pointless , I call it a sure indicator of the service levels I can anticipate at the property . "
Mundy continued : " That tiny detail of carefully triangulated tissue tells me that someone cared , that another member of my own species was here , in this very room , within the past few hours and spared no effort to make the end of the roll both presentable and easier to grip in my time of need .
I do n't need to engage in frustrating roll - rotation exercises just to find the loose end .
I do n't need to contemplate the jagged tear - line from the last user 's haste — in fact , it does n't occur to me there was a ' last user ' at all , because the roll looks neat and new . " [ 12 ]
British comedian John Cleese , who played a hotelier in the television series Fawlty Towers , has commented on the practice in a keynote address : " Why ?
What is it for ?
Is it proof that your house - maid has studied origami ? ...
If you 're a Mason , are you supposed to fold it again into some sort of rhomboid ? " [ 13 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Image Unrelated by Henrique Vicente via Flickr
Right - Libertarians , “ Anarcho ” - Capitalists , and assorted propertarians very frequently cite the Non-Aggression principle or Zero Aggression principle ( Commonly called NAP or ZAP ) as a core tenet of their ideology .
It is brought up as the building block of voluntaryism on which free markets can be built and proudly displayed to show how morally superior such a society would be compared to anything else which , by the absence of the NAP , is defined to have an involuntary aspect .
But what exactly is the NAP ?
The specific details might differ depending on the encompassing ideology , but the central point generally seems to be that no human should aggress over another human .
This is meant to mean the initial use of coercive force as well as the threat of such .
Now , if left to this end , this is not a half - bad principle , basically saying that people should n’t attack or threaten to attack others .
However at this stage , it is also pretty much unnecessary to be given an explicit existence as a “ principle ” as the generic principle of freedom already encompasses this ( i.e. attacking another person would violate their freedom ) .
Other moral theories , particularly the utilitarian variants already encompass such rules ( with stipulation ) as a natural consequence of their suggestions .
In the end , this basic form of non-aggression ends up sounding like a shallow “ Thou shalt not kill ” which , while pretty clear , when strictly adhered to can lead to worse results ( such as foregoing killing in self - defence ) or requires a more advanced moral framework above it which clarifies when it is , in fact , acceptable to kill .
But propertarians do not generally leave it at just that but rather try to sneakily expand it by linking it with private property rights .
You see , the NAP is frequently derived directly from the Self - Ownership “ axiom ” and thus the wrongly derived property rights are treated as an extension of the self .
Therefore one can then treat violation of private property rights as an act of “ initated force ” , even though no actual violence or threat of violence has been perpetuated .
This is turn is used as a cause to use actual violence or threat of violence on the violator of property rights .
It thus becomes that the NAP , when combined with Self - Ownership conveniently becomes an excuse for someone to initiate real , literal violence against someone else .
The right to freedom or utilitarian moral rules reserve the right for people to defend themselves against aggression , that is , to take only as much action as needed to stop the aggression against their person .
This is pretty self - evident when achieved , both to the one being attacked and to any observers ( i.e. it ’s obvious when two people have stopped exchanging blows and threats ) .
When extended to private property however , things get far far more complex .
While it ’s easy to understand that someone “ aggresses ” when they steal something from another person ( which is why most other moral systems do not require a NAP to label theft as wrong ) , things get pretty murky when one goes beyond that .
Do I “ initiate force ” when I use a productive machine without paying rent ?
How about if I pay only enough rent to cover the cost of the machine ?
Do I “ initiate force ” when I toil the unused land that is owned by someone else ?
How about when I trespass ?
This is further complicated by the claims of the NAP proponents that the NAP does not excuse any and all acts of self - defence but is rather limited by the level of aggression .
We ’re informed that it does not in fact , grant the right of shooting trespassers .
But this again does not really clarify the matter .
Whereas in literal aggression , one is always aware of the level the initiator is using ( threats , shoving , punching , lethal weapons etc ) and can respond in kind , in this extended field of aggression you ’re left to comparing apples with oranges .
What is the correct response to someone trespassing your property ?
Trespassing on their property ?
Forcibly taking them out ?
Threatening to shoot them and then follow through if they do n’t comply ?
The truth of the matter is that unlike literal aggression , you cannot discover how you can respond in kind intuitively .
Thus we see that unlike actual aggression where equal reaction can cancel the aggression ( i.e. shoving can defend against shoving , punching can defend against punches etc ) , in “ aggression ” on property via the NAP , the self - defence enacted is and must always be different and stronger than the act of “ aggression ” .
A trespasser cannot be removed by counter - trespassing .
They must be forcibly removed and this is very likely to require ( threats of ) lethal force if they do not comply .
This get even more complicated if that person does not accept the NAP and considers the literal acts of aggression against them as the initiation of force it is and defends in kind .
There is no solution to this issue .
The NAP , as a moral rule is incapable of making any suggestions or providing any solutions as it does not say anything substantial other than the vacuous “ Thou shalt not initiate violence ” .
Rather we are told that an extensive legal system will be required which will either interpret some kind of “ natural law ” or be somehow employ objective judges which make the perfect decisions .
Something like the system of wealthy libertarian judges that Murray Rothbard proposed , which would follow some kind of “ libertarian law ” .
In short , nothing more than a subjective legal system built around the principles that people like Rothbard prefer .
And all these issues occur before we even consider that extrapolating private property rights from the “ axiom ” of Self - Ownership is a non sequitur as it ’s impossible to deride a particular set of ownership rights out of it ( which is why you can see how much and how many libertarians disagree on what specific ownership rights to use ) .
Due to this , a NAP that ideologically protects a particular set of ownership rights is nothing more than a subjective argument against the things a particular person does not like .
That one does not like people trespassing on his property so he calls that “ an initiation of force ” .
That other one does not consider trespassing to be such , but it ’s certainly an “ initiation of force ” when workers do n’t pay him rent for a factory ’s costs he ’s already recovered .
The NAP is shown to be pretty much a shallow principle .
When limited to actual physical force , it ’s superseded and made obsolete by moral systems which can explain when force is justified or not .
When extended to concepts which are not immediately intuitive , its subjective nature quickly devolves it to shouting matches which can only be settled by a homogeneous system of courts and enforcement agencies .
A de -facto state .
To me , when someone explains that according to the NAP , this or that is wrong , they mostly sound like “ This or that is wrong , because I say so . ”
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Ladies and gentlemen of the left and the right : Let ’s be realistic .
There is no chance whatsoever that the U.S. political system will either : A ) Pass carbon or gas taxes sufficiently punitive to compel Americans to curtail their driving substantially , or B ) Support rapid expansion of offshore drilling for the foreseeable future .
Therefore , if neither conservation nor production is in the cards , how can we hope to deal with our nation ’s dangerous and ever - growing dependence on foreign oil ?
Here ’s my answer :
We need to cure our cars of their oil addiction .
To paraphrase Shakespeare , the fault is not in ourselves , but in our cars ; we are made underlings .
Let ’s stop the guilt - ridden breast - beating and place the blame where it belongs .
We are not addicted to oil .
Our cars are addicted to oil .
They are like a tribe of people who , because of some unfortunate flaw , can only eat one kind of food , say herring .
Thus , if the herring merchants combine to rig up the price of their product to $ 100 per pound , the tribesmen have no choice but to submit .
They would be far better off if they could become omnivores , capable of eating steak , ice cream , corn , eggs , apples , etc. , as the power to use such alternatives would make them immune from herring - cartel extortion .
Our four - wheeled servants have the same problem ; they can only drink one kind of fuel .
Unfortunately , because we are the ones who must foot the bill for their singular habit , their problem is our problem .
We need to cure them .
Fortunately , such a cure is at hand .
The technology exists to make cars that are fully flex - fueled , able to run equally well on gasoline , ethanol or methanol , in any combination .
If installed at the time of manufacture , the inclusion of this feature adds only about $ 100 to the cost of a typical car .
The benefits of making such a childhood immunization against oil addiction a standard requirement for all new autos sold in the U.S. would be profound .
Were it the rule that only oil - addiction - immunized cars could enter the U.S. market , foreign carmakers would waste no time in switching over their entire lines to flex fuel .
Thus , not only Japanese cars sold in America , but also those sold in Japan and everywhere else would be omnivores , as would nearly all other cars sold in any serious way internationally .
Within a very few years , there would be tens of millions of cars in the U.S. endowed with the capacity for fuel choice , and hundreds of millions more internationally .
Under those conditions , gasoline would be forced to compete at the pump against both methanol and ethanol made from any number of potential sources all over the world .
This would put a permanent competitive constraint against future rises in the price of oil .
Such a constraint is vitally needed , as without it , current $ 75 - per - barrel recession oil prices could easily explode under conditions of economic recovery to levels of $ 150 per barrel or more , thereby aborting the recovery itself .
While ethanol can make a significant contribution - it has replaced 7 percent of the gasoline used in the U.S. and more than 50 percent in Brazil - the real key here is compatibility with methanol , which can be made in limitless quantities from anything that either is or once was a plant , including coal , natural gas , recycled urban trash or any kind of biomass , without exception .
Its current price on the international market is $ 1 per gallon , equivalent in energy terms to gasoline at $ 1.90 per gallon - without any subsidy .
If we cure our cars so they can drink this fuel , we will protect ourselves from extortion by the oil cartel , forever .
A bill has been introduced in Congress to do exactly that .
Known as the Open Fuel Standards ( OFS )
Act , it has truly bipartisan support , with its Senate version ( S.B. 835 ) sponsors including such liberals as Sen. Maria Cantwell , Washington Democrat , and Sen. Amy Klobuchar , Minnesota Democrat ; moderates such as Sen. Joe Lieberman , Connecticut independent , and Sen. Susan Collins , Maine Republican ; and conservatives such as Sen. Sam Brownback , Kansas Republican , and Sen. John Thune , South Dakota Republican .
Similarly , its House version ( H.R. 1476 ) supporters run the political spectrum from Rep. Eliot L. Engel , New York Democrat , to Rep. Bob Inglis , South Carolina Republican .
Under the bill ’s provision , by 2012 , 50 percent of all new cars sold in the U.S. will need to be fully flex - fueled , with the number rising to 80 percent by 2015 .
With a stroke of a pen , Congress can break the power of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to tax the world .
The OFS bill will not cost the Treasury a dime , and it will protect the nation from hundreds of billions of dollars of potential losses because of future petroleum price increases .
Those reluctant to support it need to answer the question :
In whose interest is it that Americans lack fuel choice ?
In whose interest is it that our cars remain addicted to oil ?
Robert Zubrin is president of Pioneer Astronautics and the author of “ Energy Victory : Winning the War on Terror by Breaking Free of Oil ” ( Prometheus Books , 2007 ) .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
LeBron James put the NBA on notice Thursday night , joining Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh in Miami .
Ending weeks of will - he - or - wo n't - he speculation , the two - time MVP said Thursday night that he 's decided to join the Heat and leave the Cavaliers after an unsuccessful seven - year quest for the ring he covets .
" I can't say it was always in my plans , because I never thought it was possible , " James said on a made - for - LeBron live show on ESPN .
" But the things that the Miami Heat franchise have done , to free up cap space and be able to put themselves in a position this summer to have all three of us , it was hard to turn down .
Those are two great players , two of the greatest players that we have in this game today . "
Olympic teammates in Beijing , James , Bosh and Wade all helped deliver the gold .
This time , it 'll be about a gold trophy : the NBA championship Wade got in 2006 ; the one that James and Bosh have yet to touch .
" Winning is a huge thing for me , " James said from a studio in Greenwich , Conn. , where an audience of kids from the Boys and Girls Club was present for the announcement .
James said on ESPN he has yet to work out a contract with Miami .
" Well , the numbers are not finalized .
I think my agent , Leon Rose , will take care of that , " James said .
" But all three of us are ultimately going to take less money because we wanted to all play alongside each other , and we feel like we can be great together .
And hopefully [ Heat president ]
Pat [ Riley ] and the rest of those guys , [ Heat owner ] Micky [ Arison ] , can bring some guys in to help us out , which we believe . "
Sources told ESPN.com that Toronto and Miami are expected to finalize a sign - and - trade for Bosh by week 's end .
The Raptors would receive draft picks and a trade exception and Bosh would be able to land a six - year deal instead of five years thanks to the deal , according to sources .
It 's a huge victory for the Heat , which got commitments from Wade and Bosh on Wednesday .
That duo , along with James , formed the upper echelon of the most - celebrated free - agent period in league history .
Riley landed them all , a three - pack of stars to help shape his quest for a dynasty in Miami .
" There 's magic in the number 3 , " Wade said , a nod to his jersey number .
One of the issues James faced was having the uniform No. 6 available to him in Miami .
A source told ESPN.com Friday that would n't be a problem .
James disclosed last season that he planned to switch his jersey number from No. 23 to No. 6 for the 2010 - 11 season as a tribute to Michael Jordan .
A league source told ESPN.com that Heat guard Mario Chalmers has already submitted a request to the league office to switch his jersey from No. 6 to No. 15 for next season .
No. 23 would not have been available to James in Miami , as the Heat have retired that number in honor of Jordan .
James jokingly told ESPN he would " give Mario a call and see if we can work something out . "
Riley said in a statement the Heat were " thrilled " to add Bosh and James to a roster that already features Wade .
" We are looking forward to the opportunity of building something that our fans in Miami will be proud of for a long , long time , " Riley said .
" The journey is just beginning . "
Page not found
The page you requested may be temporarily unavailable , moved , or taken off the site .
Please try the following to find what you 're looking for :
I also have little doubt that if the incident had been different — say a 19 - year - old American student called Michael Sandler killed by a Palestinian gunman in the West Bank when caught in a cross - fire between Palestinians and Israelis — we would have been deluged in stories about him .
But a chill descends when you have the combination of Israeli commandos doing the firing , an American with a foreign - sounding Muslim name , and the frenzied pre-emptive arguments of Israel and those among its U.S. supporters who will brook no criticism of the Jewish state .
This chill is a bad thing .
Let ’s do whatever it takes to find out how Dogan died — and the eight other victims .
The Middle East requires more open debate and the dropping of taboos .
It needs the leading institutions of American Jewry to encourage broad discussion rather than , as Peter Beinart put it in an important recent essay in The New York Review of Books , checking “ their liberalism at Zionism ’s door . ”
Let ’s face it , without the flotilla outcry that allowed the Obama administration to question Israel ’s self - defeating suffocation of Gaza , Israel would still be imposing the blockade that handed Hamas control of whatever was left of the Gaza economy .
Now that blockade has been eased .
As this suggests , Israel will , ostrich - like , push policies born of the security mantra way beyond their rationale , only changing course when its critical friends raise their voices .
It ’s time for the U.S. Jewish establishment to think again — and think openly — or risk losing the many younger Jews troubled by Israel ’s course .
I hope every member of Congress read Beinart ’s piece .
I contacted the office of Congressman Paul Tonko , who represents the Troy area , to ask about Dogan .
A spokesman , Beau Duffy , wrote saying that “ There really is n’t much of a local connection here ” and that Tonko had no comment .
Hardly a surprise : Nobody in Congress has had anything to say about this American death .
Swiss bank to lift lid on hidden Kafka works By Imogen Foulkes
BBC News , Bern Published duration 19 July 2010
image caption Max Brod left the papers to his secretary , Esther Hoffe
Safe deposit boxes believed to contain manuscripts and drawings by the late author Franz Kafka are due to be opened at a bank in Zurich .
The move is the latest twist in a long legal battle over who owns the papers .
Two Israeli sisters say they inherited the documents from their mother , but the Israeli state claims them as part of the country 's cultural heritage .
The contents will be examined by an expert who will report to the judge handling the case .
Literary archives around the world say the manuscripts , hidden for decades , must at least be made public .
Franz Kafka was one of the most enigmatic authors of the 20th Century .
He died of tuberculosis in 1924 aged only 40 and , if his own last wishes had been followed , novels such as The Trial and The Castle would never have seen the light of day .
Kafka asked his friend and fellow writer , Max Brod , to burn his manuscripts after his death .
Brod refused , publishing the novels and taking letters and other writings to Israel where he left them to his secretary Esther Hoffe - who then bequeathed them to her two daughters .
At some point during the past 50 years , the documents were stored in bank vaults in Tel Aviv and Zurich .
' Rightful inheritance '
But when the two daughters - now both in their 70s - tried to sell some of the manuscripts , the legal battle began .
Israel is claiming the documents as part of its cultural heritage arguing that because Kafka was Jewish , his works belong there .
The sisters say the works are their rightful inheritance to dispose of as they wish .
Meanwhile , Germany 's literary archive has offered to buy the manuscripts .
Today , on the orders of a Tel Aviv judge , the four vaults in Zurich will be opened but only for the eyes of one Kafka specialist who will itemise the contents and report back to the judge .
BitTorrent search engine isoHunt is fighting the permanent injunction the District Court of California issued in their case against the MPAA .
According to isoHunt 's owner , a site - wide filter based on a list of keywords provided by the movie industry is an unworkable solution that would impede freedom of speech and bring China - style censorship to the U.S .
Last month the U.S. District Court of California issued a permanent injunction against BitTorrent search engine is oHunt .
Gary Fung , the owner of isoHunt , was ordered to start censoring the site ’s search engine based on a list of thousands of keywords provided by the MPAA , or cease its operations entirely in the U.S.
Thus far little has changed .
The Lite version of isoHunt remains accessible and unfiltered to U.S. visitors while isoHunt and the MPAA battle in court against both the legitimacy and usability of the proposed filter .
IsoHunt has decided to appeal the injunction and this week both parties filed their motions with the Ninth Circuit Appeal Court .
In his support for the motion , Gary Fung argues that the list of generic keywords provided by the MPAA is unworkable and he accuses the movie studios of wanting to obtain control over BitTorrent .
“ In my opinion , which I have expressed publicly , plaintiffs , MPAA and the Entertainment Industry are seeking not just to ‘ stop copyright infringement ’ but to obtain control over BitTorrent technology so that only their partners or those that conform to their demands for limiting access will have practical use of the technology , ” Gary Fung told the Court .
Fung backs up his statement with the argument that keywords such as ’ 10 ’ , ’ 21 ’ , ‘ Birth ’ , ‘ Cars ’ , ‘ Dad ’ , ‘ Dave ’ , ‘ Firefox ’ and ‘ Soldier ’ would result in significant collateral damage with a keyword filter .
It might make movie titles unavailable , but also a lot of public domain , GPL and Creative Commons works .
The MPAA has been asked by District Court Judge Wilson to supplement their titles list with more specificity , but apart from adding a few hundred more titles to the modified list , the defendants say it still lacks information which would allow is oHunt to filter effectively .
Ideally , they would like to see a list of torrent hashes of alleged infringing material .
IsoHunt ’s lawyer Ira Rothken further notes that the court failed to address the freedom of speech issues that are involved in this case .
Fung himself likens the filter to the Great Firewall of China , where a similar keyword filter is used to censor the Internet .
“ I find it absurd that we are required to keyword filter which ironically all search engines in countries like China are required to do due to political censorship , but is oHunt would be the only search engine serving traffic to US users required to do similar filtering .. , ” Fung wrote to the court .
These censorship and freedom of speech issues aside , is oHunt ’s owner says that keeping the injunction would do serious harm to the site ’s traffic and thus his business .
IsoHunt has already seen a 50 % drop in visitors from the U.S. after it switched to the Lite version .
“ Since is oHunt switched to the Lite interface in compliance with concerns raised and publicized in the Summary Judgment , we have seen a 50 % drop in US traffic and I am concerned that if a stay is not issued there will be no way to unring the bell on lost traffic , ’ Fung wrote .
With both parties having presented their arguments , the Ninth Circuit Appeal Court has now to decide whether the permanent injunction will stay in place or not .
This decision will be a crucial one to the future of isoHunt and possibly other BitTorrent sites .
Gary
Fung has always said that a keyword filter is out of the question and that he would rather shut the site down in the US .
While failing to cater to the public ’s needs , its colored linear motif nonetheless clearly and rationally conveyed the fundamental distinction of which subway line is which .
By simplifying the geographical details , the map may have looked less like a conventional map and more like an electrical schematic , but it forced the eye to see only the essentials .
Maybe it was ahead of its time .
Or maybe it was right on time — but the public failed to recognize it .
Its replacement in 1979 , a more traditional topographical version , reintroduced all the basic map conventions ( including blue water ) and , most important , the New York City street grid .
Yet the circulatory look of the map not only lacked the aesthetic flair of the Vignelli classic , it also junked up the graphical way - finding composition by reintroducing thinner and more serpentine route lines and a mass of smaller landmark details .
Making Manhattan and the boroughs more representational probably helped users recognize their locales and destinations , but it also injected a labored look to the entire document .
The revision in 1998 added even more information , including free transfer points and alternate bus service , but once again reduced the size of the colored lines and route numbers .
Users adapt to almost anything over time , and adjusting to the more cluttered composition was no exception .
But that should not be the determinant of good design .
While the Vignelli map may not have been the most versatile or adjustable given changes in the subway system , the ’79 and ’ 98 maps did not solve any of the aesthetic woes .
The newly revised , resized , recolored and simplified map does indeed reduce the level of visual noise to a more tolerable level .
The brighter colors — the water is bluer and the boroughs are a pinch less dark — provide a more cheerful look .
Shortening the typographic dimensions of the pop-up boxes of additional information makes navigation a little less daunting .
Putting Manhattan on steroids relieves the linear congestion and allows the graphic elements to breathe .
Even adding the blue reservoir to Central Park allows the eye to focus better .
So what ’s not to like about the new iteration ?
Like those for Paris and London , New York ’s subway map is a design touchstone .
Harry Beck ’s first diagrammatic map designed in 1931 for the London Underground will go down in history for its graphical ingenuity — and the Tube ’s forward thinking .
The diagrammatic maps for the Paris Métropolitain exemplify functional design thinking .
Enough speculation already .
Andrew Garfield has been officially cast as the new Spider - Man in Sony 's upcoming 3D reboot , due to hit screens on July 3 , 2012 .
The studio released the news via a press release .
We 're+betting+Andrew+Garfield+cuts+his+hair+to+play+Peter+Parker
The new film will begin production in early December , directed by Marc Webb from a screenplay by James Vanderbilt Laura Ziskin and Avi Arad will produce .
Garfield ( The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus ) is one of a few names that have been thrown around to take over the role .
The list previously included Josh Hutcherson , Jamie Bell ( Jumper ) , Anton Yelchin ( Star Trek ) , Aaron Johnson ( Kick - Ass ) , Alden Ehrenreich ( Tetro ) and Logan Lerman ( Percy Jackson ) .
But they can stop practicing their web slinging , as Garfield has beaten them all out .
Webb explained his reasoning for choosing Garfield in a statement : " Though his name may be new to many , those who know this young actor 's work understand his extraordinary talents .
He has a rare combination of intelligence , wit , and humanity .
Mark my words , you will love Andrew Garfield as Peter Parker .
" Arad added , " I 'm incredibly excited about Andrew Garfield .
In the Spider - Man tradition , we were looking for a smart , sensitive and cool new Peter Parker who can inspire us and make us laugh , cry and cheer .
We believe we have found the perfect choice to take on this role and lead us into the future .
" Ziskin also chimed in , " We are thrilled to have Andrew Garfield for this new incarnation of Spider - Man under Marc Webb 's direction .
We were fortunate enough to meet with a group of fantastically talented young men .
In the end , we all agreed that in addition to being an extraordinary actor , Andrew had the right mix of humor , youth and pathos , along with an underlying sense of strength and power necessary to bring Peter Parker and Spider - Man to life on screen .
"
If you have n't seen Garfield in anything , that 's likely to change by the end of this year .
He most recently worked with director David Fincher on The Social Network and starred for Spike Jonze in his robot love story I'm Here , which premiered at Sundance .
He also plays the lead male opposite Keira Knightley and Carey Mulligan in Mark Romanek 's Never Let Me Go , due for release later this year .
The selection of Garfield was revealed at a press event in Cancun , Mexico for international journalists attending a media tour promoting upcoming Sony films .
PITTSBURGH — Announcing a crucial breakthrough in the effort to create machines that accurately simulate human behavior , researchers at Carnegie Mellon University said Monday they had built the first robot with the capacity to suppress its emotions .
" This is the holy grail of artificial intelligence , " said project director Kate Tillman , explaining that the robot instantly performs millions of computations to ensure feelings of unresolved anger and simmering resentment remain deeply buried within its complex circuitry .
" We felt we were on the right track when we brought up a personal shortcoming and it paced around the lab muttering , but when it started breaking eye contact and changing the subject , we knew we had accomplished something revolutionary . "
Tillman added that with its superior processing power , the robot could apply for clerical work and settle for the nearest available partner 10,000 times faster than a human being .
Advertisement
Image caption
The eight - year - old was attacked in a field in October 2009
A primary school boy is appealing against his conviction for attempting to rape an eight - year - old girl in west London .
The boy , then aged 10 , was found guilty in May along with another schoolboy after a trial at the Old Bailey .
The case is being fast - tracked because of the boy's age and an appeal hearing will be held on 27 July .
Both boys , who cannot be named , were cleared by the jury of rape charges but convicted of attempted rape .
The girl , who was attacked in a field near her home in October 2009 , later told her mother what had happened .
Playing game
The court will decide whether the boy should be granted an appeal .
If so , it is expected to be heard before the three judges during the same hearing .
The two boys , now both aged 11 , were among the youngest defendants to stand trial for such a serious crime .
A judicial spokeswoman said no application for leave to appeal had yet been received from the second boy .
Image caption
The boys were found guilty of attempting to rape the eight - year - old
Both boys , who remain on bail , will be sentenced for the attempted rape in August .
Following their conviction the boys were ordered to register as sex offenders , although the judge said he was " not quite sure " how this applied to children of their age .
Mr Justice Saunders said the trial had been an " extremely difficult case " .
Prosecutors told the trial that the boys had approached the girl when she was playing with a friend .
She was taken to a block of flats , a bin shed and a field by the pair .
The girl 's mother told the court she had found her daughter with the boys near a field after another child said the boys were hurting her .
But barristers for the boys said they had only been playing a game like doctors and nurses .
When the child victim was cross-examined , she said she had lied to her mother about the incident because she had been " naughty " and was worried she would not get any sweets .
While the science community reacted with indignation and shock this week over ScienceBlogs ' decision to publish a blog on nutrition written by food giant PepsiCo , I was unsurprised .
I 've been here before with Seed magazine , owners of the ScienceBlogs network .
Yesterday , no doubt in response to the loss of some of its star bloggers , the offending blog , Food Frontiers , was removed .
Adam Bly , founder and chief executive of Seed Media Group , apologised to his community for " what some of you viewed as a violation of your immense trust in ScienceBlogs .
Although we ( and many of you ) believe strongly in the need to engage industry in pursuit of science - driven social change , this was clearly not the right way . "
ScienceBlogs rightly prides itself on hosting the insightful and often amusing observations of some of the world 's top scientific minds .
Some ScienceBloggers feared that Food Frontiers , which was written by scientists under contract with Pepsi , would not feature honest , independent blogging .
They began to leave the site in protest .
Seed would have received welcome advertising funds by blurring its content in this way , but would this have been enough to compensate for the blow to its reputation ?
As far as I am concerned , the company no longer had a reputation to uphold .
Until last year , I wrote a regular column for Seed .
In fact , I will always be grateful to them for backing my plans to travel through developing countries looking at the influence of science on development , the effects of climate change and related issues that other media often shy away from .
However , things went pear - shaped pretty early in our relationship .
Seed had published six of my columns before I realised things were n't as they should be .
I had sent them my next couple of columns : a news story from the Maldives announcing a new ban on whale shark hunting , and a column written in February 2009 , from Bhopal , India , 25 years after the chemical explosion there .
I heard nothing for a few weeks , by which time the whale shark piece was " old news " in journalism terms .
Then , after sending Seed requests for payment , I received an email from my editor asking for more columns and explaining that they would n't be publishing the Bhopal piece because it was critical of Dow Chemical , which now owns the company that caused the gas leak in 1984 , and that Seed was seeking an advertising contract with Dow .
The email said :
We 're not running the bhopal piece , and we 're passing on the Maldive shark ban ( a bit late now ...
Too bad it got caught up in prod week ... ) .
As for Bhopal , it 's a cautionary call on our part as we 're in the midst of advertising negotiations with Dow ( who have been inspired by Seed 's photography in their own brand campaigns ) .
RE : the payment , as you 're on a scheduled direct - payment , the bhopal fee covers the Kerry / Carbon trading news piece fee that was outstanding .
Let me know if that 's clear .
Crystal clear .
It seems I had to run my articles past the ads department .
In more than a decade working in the industry , I had never come across such a blatant disregard for editorial independence .
My motivation for telling this tale is that some people think that the ScienceBlogs fiasco has been a lot of fuss about nothing – that Seed is just trying to make a buck and went about it in a rather naive way , and the scientists who left the site are blowing the whole thing out of proportion .
Freelancing , as I have discovered ( and after years of being an editor ) , is a vulnerable occupation and it can be almost impossible to earn enough to get by .
Those who left the security of ScienceBlogs may not have jeopardised their entire earnings , but it was a brave decision and they were right to take it .
Journalism is a small , inter - dependent industry .
Science journalism , like every specialism , operates in a particularly small world and I know that by telling this story , my colleagues may close ranks behind Seed .
But in return for all the times we journalists ask others to blow the whistle and expose corruption , I know I must be willing to do the same .
I sent the Bhopal piece to the BBC , who know the difference between editorial and advertising content .
I have not been able to replace my regular column with Seed .
Gaia Vince is a freelance journalist , reporting on the human impacts of climate change
Cutaway views of the Endeavour collectible , the second in Bandai 's " Super Alloy " series
Bandai Co.'s toy - making division today announced that on on December 3 , 2010 , the company will release a zinc alloy 1/144 - scale model of the U.S. Space Shuttle Endeavour .
In 1992 , astronaut Mamoru Mohri was its first Japanese payload specialist .
Endeavour will fly its final mission — which will also be the final mission of the entire Space Shuttle program — in 2011 .
Collectspace.com editor Robert Pearlman writes ,
The 47,250 yen ( $ 540 US ) model includes removable panels exposing the crew cabin flight - and mid-decks , as well as the orbital maneuvering system tanks .
Endeavour can separate from the twin solid rocket boosters and external tank , open its payload bay ( included are a Spacelab pallet and Mulit - Purpose Logistics Module ) and deploy its landing gear and tail - mounted speed brake .
This will be the second in Banda 's " super alloy " collectible series : in March , the company released an Apollo II Saturn V .
Bandai to release U.S. space shuttle Endeavour model ( Collect Space )
More product images on the Bandai distribution website .
THIS is the stomach - churning moment one of the world ’s biggest spiders drags away an unfortunate frog for dinner in a shocked man ’s bathroom .
Sujay Shah , 25 , recorded the bizarre encounter at his home in Jalpaiguri , India , where he found the duo locked in a life - or - death struggle .
8 The hungry huntsman sinks its fangs into its live prey in India Credit : Credit : Pen News / Sujay Shah
8 It was snapped dragging its dinner into a dark bathroom crevice Credit : Credit : Pen News / Sujay Shah
The science student and nature - lover was left stunned at the unusual spectacle .
“ I was very happy and excited because I knew I was witnessing a relatively rare event of nature , ” he said .
Jason Dunlop and Peter Jäger , arachnid experts from the Berlin Natural History Museum and the Senckenberg Research Institute respectively , agree it was a huntsman spider .
Dr Dunlop said : “ In general , large spiders can and will eat small
The debate as to whether or not to re-open the well is illustrated by the comments by two of the main characters .
At the end of last week , BP began the testing of the Deepwater well cap , closing all the valves and stopping the flow of oil and natural gas into the Gulf waters .
With this cut - off in flow , the volumes to be collected at the surface are rapidly diminishing around the well , and the use , albeit controversial , of the dispersant at the same time as more of the oil was collected , means that the amount making it to the shore has also already diminished .
So now the question becomes , does BP restart the collection process by re-opening valves to the surface vessels ?
It also opens the questions as to how much of the preventative work now being brought up to speed , is actually going to be needed .
The White House says the well is leaking at the top and a seep is 2 miles away .
Here is the link : http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/38304846/ .
Because of the number of comments , this is a third copy of this post .
The previous post can be found at http://www.theoildrum.com/node/6752 .
In his Sunday brief , Doug Suttles noted the success of the new cap , and the fact that there is no evidence of leakage from it .
He had noted that the oil in the reservoir is hot , but by monitoring the temperature at the new cap , they had seen , over time , internal temperatures fall to those of the surrounding sea .
This would indicate that hot oil is not still reaching the cap , and that fluid flow in the upper sections of the well has ceased .
At the same time the slow but steady increase in pressure within the well indicates that it has integrity , and is able to withstand the build - up in pressure as fluid accumulates around the well down at the level of the initial reservoir .
Nevertheless , BP are continuing to monitor and run seismic surveys to make sure that there are no surprises .
On the other hand Admiral Allen sent a letter to BP on Sunday , that raises some new issues .
My letter to you on July 16 , 2010 extended the Well Integrity Test period contingent upon the completion of seismic surveys , robust monitoring for indications of leakage , and acoustic testing by the NOAA vessel PISCES in the immediate vicinity of the well head .
Given the current observations from the test , including the detected seep a distance from the well and undetermined anomalies at the well head , monitoring of the seabed is of paramount importance during the test period .
As a continued condition of the test , you are required to provide as a top priority access and coordination for the monitoring systems , which include seismic and sonar surface ships and subsea ROV and acoustic systems .
When seeps are detected , you are directed to marshal resources , quickly investigate , and report findings to the government in no more than four hours .
I direct you to provide me a written procedure for opening the choke valve as quickly as possible without damaging the well should hydrocarbon seepage near the well head be confirmed .
It seems that those who argue that there are possible leaks from the well into the surrounding sediment have found at least one politically powerful ally .
The phrasing of the letter is , however , a little odd – the “ the detected seep a distance from the well and undetermined anomalies at the well head ” section raise questions as to – what seep , at what distance ?
And what about “ undetermined anomalies ” if they are n’t determined are these the “ unknown unknowns ” we have been warned about in the past ?
And as comments have noted , there is the question of the legality of re-opening a well , and deliberately restarting to pollute the Gulf .
The press release that the Admiral also issued today expresses concern over the possibility of a sub- surface leak .
Work must continue to better understand the lower than expected pressure readings .
This work centers on two plausible scenarios , depletion of oil from the reservoir and potential leakage caused by damage to the well bore or casing .
While we are pleased that no oil is currently being released into the Gulf of Mexico and want to take all appropriate action to keep it that way , it is important that all decisions are driven by the science .
Ultimately , we must ensure no irreversible damage is done which could cause uncontrolled leakage from numerous points on the sea floor .
Do I detect the hidden hand of Dr Chu in that penultimate sentence ?
I notice that the option of cross - flow is not specifically mentioned as one of the alternatives , particularly near the reservoir , and I get the impression that it is only in the near surface that there is concern about leaks .
There is a second concern with the decision to re-open the well which makes this issue a bit of a hot potato .
Whoever makes that decision , and BP seem to have made sure that it is the Admiral who must visibly make it , will be the individual that starts the oil flow back into the Gulf – and that wo n’t be popular .
Admiral Allen recognized that the flow would be restarted in his press release on Saturday
When this test is eventually stopped , we will immediately return to containment , using the new , tighter sealing cap with both the Helix Producer and the Q4000 .
Additional collection capacity of up to 80,000 barrels per day is also being added in the coming days .
Kent Wells , in his brief the same day noted that
if we do decide at any point either during the remainder of the test or following the test , that we want to open the well back up initially we will have to blow it back into the Gulf for some period of time , relevantly short period of time to bring the pressure down on the well so that we can then go in to our collection systems namely the ( Q port ) valves and the Helix Producer .
While I am not totally sure of the reason for the longer term period of oil release , there have been rumors of a three - day period , there is a relatively simple explanation as to why the pressure in the well has to be released before flow can start back up the riser lines to the vessels on the surface .
If the valves between the well and the risers are opened with the well at pressure , then that pressure is immediately transferred to the fluid in the line , and a hydraulic shock , similar to that known as “ water hammer , ” will propagate down the fluid line .
Although water hammer is usually seen when a valve suddenly shuts in a pressure line , the same sort of effect can occur when a sudden pressure pulse is applied to the fluid in a line of pipe .
The most dramatic example of that which I have personally encountered was when we were first removing explosive from a casing using a high - pressure waterjet lance , and the flow channel blocked .
The resulting bang initially caused us to think that the explosive had reacted .
But the round was still there and it was only when we looked at the hose , which had split in several places , and had both end fittings fail , that we realized what had happened .
Having a similar failure in a hose carrying oil from the seabed to the surface would create a much greater problem and one much more difficult to fix than ours , which was working in the same sort of pressure range as the fluid contained in the well .
But the pressure can be lowered relatively rapidly over the course of time ( a matter of minutes not days , in the same way that the flow was cut - off to the Gulf ) so there may be some other issues that are not yet being made public .
After all , with the cap holding some intermediate pressure , it is not necessary to vent fluid into the Gulf , as flow is allowed to the surface collection vessels , in a condition that would lower the well pressure from the current levels without putting oil into the water .
Well - known evolutionary biologist / science historian Stephen Jay Gould defends Kropotkin's famous thesis that co-operation and mutual aid are factors of evolution at least as important as competition .
In late 1909 , two great men corresponded across oceans , religions , generations , and races .
Leo Tolstoy , sage of Christian nonviolence in his later years , wrote to the young Mohandas Gandhi , struggling for the rights of Indian settlers in South Africa :
God helps our dear brothers and co-workers in the Transvaal .
The same struggle of the tender against the harsh , of meekness and love against pride and violence , is every year making itself more and more felt here among us also .
A year later , wearied by domestic strife , and unable to endure the contradiction of life in Christian poverty on a prosperous estate run with unwelcome income from his great novels ( written before his religious conversion and published by his wife ) , Tolstoy fled by train for parts unknown and a simpler end to his waning days .
He wrote to his wife :
My departure will distress you .
I ’m sorry about this , but do understand and believe that I could n’t do otherwise .
My position in the house is becoming , or has become , unbearable .
Apart from anything else , I ca n’t live any longer in these conditions of luxury in which I have been living , and I ’m doing what old men of my age commonly do : leaving this worldly life in order to live the last days of my life in peace and solitude .
But Tolstoy ’s final journey was both brief and unhappy .
Less than a month later , cold and weary from numerous long rides on Russian trains in approaching winter , he contracted pneumonia and died at age eighty - two in the stationmaster ’s home at the railroad stop of Astapovo .
Too weak to write , he dictated his last letter on November 1 , 1910 .
Addressed to a son and daughter who did not share his views on Christian nonviolence , Tolstoy offered a last word of advice :
The views you have acquired about Darwinism , evolution , and the struggle for existence wo n’t explain to you the meaning of your life and wo n’t give you guidance in your actions , and a life without an explanation of its meaning and importance , and without the unfailing guidance that stems from it is a pitiful existence .
Think about it .
I say it , probably on the eve of my death , because I love you .
Tolstoy ’s complaint has been the most common of all indictments against Darwin , from the publication of the Origin of Species in 1859 to now .
Darwinism , the charge contends , undermines morality by claiming that success in nature can only be measured by victory in bloody battle – the “ struggle for existence ” or “ survival of the fittest ” to cite Darwin ’s own choice of mottoes .
If we wish “ meekness and love ” to triumph over “ pride and violence ” ( as Tolstoy wrote to Gandhi ) , then we must repudiate Darwin ’s vision of nature ’s way – as Tolstoy stated in a final plea to his errant children .
This charge against Darwin is unfair for two reasons .
First , nature ( no matter how cruel in human terms ) provides no basis for our moral values .
( Evolution might , at most , help to explain why we have moral feelings , but nature can never decide for us whether any particular action is right or wrong . )
Second , Darwin’s “ struggle for existence ” is an abstract metaphor , not an explicit statement about bloody battle .
Reproductive success , the criterion of natural selection , works in many modes : Victory in battle may be one pathway , but cooperation , symbiosis , and mutual aid may also secure success in other times and contexts .
In a famous passage , Darwin explained his concept of evolutionary struggle ( Origin of Species , 1859 , pp. 62-63 ) :
I use this term in a large and metaphorical sense including dependence of one being on another , and including ( which is more important ) not only the life of the individual , but success in leaving progeny .
Two canine animals , in a time of dearth , may be truly said to struggle with each other which shall get food and live .
But a plant on the edge of a desert is said to struggle for life against the drought ....
As the mistletoe is disseminated by birds , its existence depends on birds ; and it may metaphorically be said to struggle with other fruit - bearing plants , in order to tempt birds to devour and thus disseminate its seeds rather than those of other plants .
In these several senses , which pass into each other , I use for convenience sake the general term of struggle for existence .
Yet , in another sense , Tolstoy ’s complaint is not entirely unfounded .
Darwin did present an encompassing , metaphorical definition of struggle , but his actual examples certainly favored bloody battle – “ Nature , red in tooth and claw , ” in a line from Tennyson so overquoted that it soon became a knee - jerk cliche for this view of life .
Darwin based his theory of natural selection on the dismal view of Malthus that growth in population must outstrip food supply and lead to overt battle for dwindling resources .
Moreover , Darwin maintained a limited but controlling view of ecology as a world stuffed full of competing species – so balanced and so crowded that a new form could only gain entry by literally pushing a former inhabitant out .
Darwin expressed this view in a metaphor even more central to his general vision than the concept of struggle – the metaphor of the wedge .
Nature , Darwin writes , is like a surface with 10,000 wedges hammered tightly in and filling all available space .
A new species ( represented as a wedge ) can only gain entry into a community by driving itself into a tiny chink and forcing another wedge out .
Success , in this vision , can only be achieved by direct takeover in overt competition .
Furthermore , Darwin ’s own chief disciple , Thomas Henry Huxley , advanced this “ gladiatorial ” view of natural selection ( his word ) in a series of famous essays about ethics .
Huxley maintained that the predominance of bloody battle defined nature ’s way as nonmoral ( not explicitly immoral , but surely unsuited as offering any guide to moral behavior ) .
From the point of view of the moralist the animal world is about on a level of a gladiator ’s show .
The creatures are fairly well treated , and set to fight – whereby the strongest , the swiftest , and the cunningest live to fight another day .
The spectator has no need to turn his thumbs down , as no quarter is given .
But Huxley then goes further .
Any human society set up along these lines of nature will devolve into anarchy and misery – Hobbes ’s brutal world of bellum omnium contra omnes ( where bellum means “ war , ” not beauty ) : the war of all against all .
Therefore , the chief purpose of society must lie in mitigation of the struggle that defines nature ’s pathway .
Study natural selection and do the opposite in human society :
But , in civilized society , the inevitable result of such obedience [ to the law of bloody battle ] is the re-establishment , in all its intensity , of that struggle for existence – the war of each against all – the mitigation or abolition of which was the chief end of social organization .
This apparent discordance between nature ’s way and any hope for human social decency has defined the major subject for debate about ethics and evolution ever since Darwin .
Huxley ’s solution has won many supporters – nature is nasty and no guide to morality except , perhaps , as an indicator of what to avoid in human society .
My own preference lies with a different solution based on taking Darwin ’s metaphorical view of struggle seriously ( admittedly in the face of Darwin ’s own preference for gladiatorial examples ) – nature is sometimes nasty , sometimes nice ( really neither , since the human terms are so inappropriate ) .
By presenting examples of all behaviors ( under the metaphorical rubric of struggle ) , nature favors none and offers no guidelines .
The facts of nature cannot provide moral guidance in any case .
But a third solution has been advocated by some thinkers who do wish to find a basis for morality in nature and evolution .
Since few can detect much moral comfort in the gladiatorial interpretation , this third position must reformulate the way of nature .
Darwin ’s words about the metaphorical character of struggle offer a promising starting point .
One might argue that the gladiatorial examples have been over - sold and misrepresented as predominant .
Perhaps cooperation and mutual aid are the more common results of struggle for existence .
Perhaps communion rather than combat leads to greater reproductive success in most circumstances .
The most famous expression of this third solution may be found in Mutual Aid , published in 1902 by the Russian revolutionary anarchist Petr Kropotkin .
( We must shed the old stereotype of anarchists as bearded bomb throwers furtively stalking about city streets at night .
Kropotkin was a genial man , almost saintly according to some , who promoted a vision of small communities setting their own standards by consensus for the benefit of all , thereby eliminating the need for most functions of a central government . )
Kropotkin , a Russian nobleman , lived in English exile for political reasons .
He wrote Mutual Aid ( in English ) as a direct response to the essay of Huxley quoted above , “ The Struggle for Existence in Human Society , ” published in The Nineteenth Century , in February 1888 .
Kropotkin responded to Huxley with a series of articles , also printed in The Nineteenth Century and eventually collected together as the book Mutual Aid .
As the title suggests , Kropotkin argues , in his cardinal premise , that the struggle for existence usually leads to mutual aid rather than combat as the chief criterion of evolutionary success .
Human society must therefore build upon our natural inclinations ( not reverse them , as Huxley held ) in formulating a moral order that will bring both peace and prosperity to our species .
in a series of chapters , Kropotkin tries to illustrate continuity between natural selection for mutual aid among animals and the basis for success in increasingly progressive human social organization .
His five sequential chapters address mutual aid among animals , among savages , among barbarians , in the medieval city , and amongst ourselves .
I confess that I have always viewed Kropotkin as daftly idiosyncratic , if undeniably well meaning .
He is always so presented in standard courses on evolutionary biology – as one of those soft and woolly thinkers who let hope and sentimentality get in the way of analytic toughness and a willingness to accept nature as she is , warts and all .
After all , he was a man of strange politics and unworkable ideals , wrenched from the context of his youth , a stranger in a strange land .
Moreover , his portrayal of Darwin so matched his social ideals ( mutual aid naturally given as a product of evolution without need for central authority ) that one could only see personal hope rather than scientific accuracy in his accounts .
Kropotkin has long been on my list of potential topics for an essay ( if only because I wanted to read his book , and not merely mouth the textbook interpretation ) , but I never proceeded because I could find no larger context than the man himself .
Kooky intellects are interesting as gossip , perhaps as psychology , but true idiosyncrasy provides the worst possible basis for generality .
But this situation changed for me in a flash when I read a very fine article in the latest issue of Isis ( our leading professional journal in the history of science ) by Daniel P. Todes : “ Darwin ’s Malthusian Metaphor and Russian Evolutionary Thought , 1859 - 1917 . ”
I learned that the parochiality had been mine in my ignorance of Russian evolutionary thought , not Kropotkin ’s in his isolation in England .
( I can read Russian , but only painfully , and with a dictionary – which means , for all practical purposes , that I ca n’t read the language . )
I knew that Darwin had become a hero of the Russian intelligentsia and had influenced academic life in Russia perhaps more than in any other country .
But virtually none of this Russian work has ever been translated or even discussed in English literature .
The ideas of this school are unknown to us ; we do not even recognize the names of the major protagonists .
I knew Kropotkin because he had published in English and lived in England , but I never understood that he represented a standard , well - developed Russian critique of Darwin , based on interesting reasons and coherent national traditions .
Todes ’s article does not make Kropotkin more correct , but it does place his writing into a general context that demands our respect and produces substantial enlightenment .
Kropotkin was part of a mainstream flowing in an unfamiliar direction , not an isolated little arroyo .
This Russian school of Darwinian critics ,
Todes argues , based its major premise upon a firm rejection of Malthus ’s claim that competition , in the gladiatorial mode , must dominate in an ever more crowded world , where population , growing geometrically , inevitably outstrips a food supply that can only increase arithmetically .
Tolstoy , speaking for a consensus of his compatriots , branded Malthus as a “ malicious mediocrity . ”
Todes finds a diverse set of reasons behind Russian hostility to Malthus .
Political objections to the dog - eat - dog character of Western industrial competition arose from both ends of the Russian spectrum .
Todes writes :
Radicals , who hoped to build a socialist society , saw Malthusianism as a reactionary current in bourgeois political economy .
Conservatives , who hoped to preserve the communal virtues of tsarist Russia , saw it as an expression of the “ British national type . ”
But Todes identifies a far more interesting reason in the immediate experience of Russia ’s land and natural history .
We all have a tendency to spin universal theories from a limited domain of surrounding circumstance .
Many geneticists read the entire world of evolution in the confines of a laboratory bottle filled with fruit flies .
My own increasing dubiousness about universal adaptation arises in large part , no doubt , because I study a peculiar snail that varies so widely and capriciously across an apparently unvarying environment , rather than a bird in flight or some other marvel of natural design .
Russia is an immense country , under - populated by any nineteenth - century measure of its agricultural potential .
Russia is also , over most of its area , a harsh land , where competition is more likely to pit organism against environment ( as in Darwin ’s metaphorical struggle of a plant at the desert ’s edge ) than organism against organism in direct and bloody battle .
How could any Russian , with a strong feel for his own countryside , see Malthus ’s principle of overpopulation as a foundation for evolutionary theory ?
Todes writes :
It was foreign to their experience because , quite simply , Russia ’s huge land mass dwarfed its sparse population .
For a Russian to see an inexorably increasing population inevitably straining potential supplies of food and space required quite a leap of imagination .
If these Russian critics could honestly tie their personal skepticism to the view from their own backyard , they could also recognize that Darwin ’s contrary enthusiasms might record the parochiality of his different surroundings , rather than a set of necessarily universal truths .
Malthus makes a far better prophet in a crowded , industrial country professing an ideal of open competition in free markets .
Moreover , the point has often been made that both Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace independently developed the theory of natural selection after primary experience with natural history in the tropics .
Both claimed inspiration from Malthus , again independently ; but if fortune favors the prepared mind , then their tropical experience probably predisposed both men to read Malthus with resonance and approval .
No other area on earth is so packed with species , and therefore so replete with competition of body against body .
An Englishman who had learned the ways of nature in the tropics was almost bound to view evolution differently from a Russian nurtured on tales of the Siberian wasteland .
For example , N. I . Danilevsky , an expert on fisheries and population dynamics , published a large , two - volume critique of Darwinism in 1885 .
He identified struggle for personal gain as the credo of a distinctly British “ national type , ” as contrasted with old Slavic values of collectivism .
An English child , he writes , “ boxes one on one , not in a group as we Russians like to spar . ”
Danilevsky viewed Darwinian competition as “ a purely English doctrine ” founded upon a line of British thought stretching from Hobbes through Adam Smith to Malthus .
Natural selection , he wrote , is rooted in “ the war of all against all , now termed the struggle for existence – Hobbes ’ theory of politics ; on competition – the economic theory of Adam Smith .
...
Malthus applied the very same principle to the problem of population .
... Darwin extended both Malthus ’ partial theory and the general theory of the political economists to the organic world . ”
( Quotes are from Todes ’s article . )
When we turn to Kropotkin ’s Mutual Aid in the light of Todes ’s discoveries about Russian evolutionary thought , we must reverse the traditional view and interpret this work as mainstream Russian criticism , not personal crankiness .
The central logic of Kropotkin ’s argument is simple , straightforward , and largely cogent .
Kropotkin begins by acknowledging that struggle plays a central role in the lives of organisms and also provides the chief impetus for their evolution .
But Kropotkin holds that struggle must not be viewed as a unitary phenomenon .
It must be divided into two fundamentally different forms with contrary evolutionary meanings .
We must recognize , first of all , the struggle of organism against organism for limited resources – the theme that Malthus imparted to Darwin and that Huxley described as gladiatorial .
This form of direct struggle does lead to competition for personal benefit .
But a second form of struggle – the style that Darwin called metaphorical – pits organism against the harshness of surrounding physical environments , not against other members of the same species .
Organisms must struggle to keep warm , to survive the sudden and unpredictable dangers of fire and storm , to persevere through harsh periods of drought , snow , or pestilence .
These forms of struggle between organism and environment are best waged by cooperation among members of the same species - by mutual aid .
If the struggle for existence pits two lions against one zebra , then we shall witness a feline battle and an equine carnage .
But if lions are struggling jointly against the harshness of an inanimate environment , then lighting will not remove the common enemy – while cooperation may overcome a peril beyond the power of any single individual to surmount .
Kropotkin therefore created a dichotomy within the general notion of struggle – two forms with opposite import : ( 1 ) organism against organism of the same species for limited resources , leading to competition ; and ( 2 ) organism against environment , leading to cooperation .
No naturalist will doubt that the idea of a struggle for life carried on through organic nature is the greatest generalization of our century .
Life is struggle ; and in that struggle the fittest survive .
But the answers to the questions “ by which arms is the struggle chiefly carried on ! ” and “ who are the fittest in the struggle ! ” will widely differ according to the importance given to the two different aspects of the struggle : the direct one , for food and safety among separate individuals , and the struggle which Darwin described as “ metaphorical ” – the struggle , very often collective , against adverse circumstances .
Darwin acknowledged that both forms existed , but his loyalty to Malthus and his vision of nature chock - full of species led him to emphasize the competitive aspect .
Darwin ’s less sophisticated votaries then exalted the competitive view to near exclusivity , and heaped a social and moral meaning upon it as well .
They came to conceive of the animal world as a world of perpetual struggle among half - starved individuals , thirsting for one another ’s blood .
They made modern literature resound with the war - cry of woe to the vanquished , as if it were the last word of modern biology .
They raised the “ pitiless ” struggle for personal advantages to the height of a biological principle which man must submit to as well , under the menace of otherwise succumbing in a world based upon mutual extermination .
Kropotkin did not deny the competitive form of struggle , but he argued that the cooperative style had been underemphasized and must balance or even predominate over competition in considering nature as a whole :
There is an immense amount of warfare and extermination going on amidst various species ; there is , at the same time , as much , or perhaps even more , of mutual support , mutual aid , and mutual defense ....
Sociability is as much a law of nature as mutual struggle .
As Kropotkin cranked through his selected examples , and built up steam for his own preferences , he became more and more convinced that the cooperative style , leading to mutual aid , not only predominated in general but also characterized the most advanced creatures in any group - ants among insects , mammals among vertebrates .
Mutual aid therefore becomes a more important principle than competition and slaughter :
If we ... ask Nature : “ who are the fittest : those who are continually at war with each other , or those who support one another ? ” we at once see that those animals which acquire habits of mutual aid are undoubtedly the fittest .
They have more chances to survive , and they attain , in their respective classes , the highest development of intelligence and bodily organization .
If we ask why Kropotkin favored cooperation while most nineteenth - century Darwinians advocated competition as the predominant result of struggle in nature , two major reasons stand out .
The first seems less interesting , as obvious under the slightly cynical but utterly realistic principle that true believers tend to read their social preferences into nature .
Kropotkin , the anarchist who yearned to replace laws of central government with consensus of local communities , certainly hoped to locate a deep preference for mutual aid in the innermost evolutionary marrow of our being .
Let mutual aid pervade nature and human cooperation becomes a simple instance of the law of life .
Neither the crushing powers of the centralized State nor the teachings of mutual hatred and pitiless struggle which came , adorned with the attributes of science , from obliging philosophers and sociologists , could weed out the feeling of human solidarity , deeply lodged in men ’s understanding and heart , because it has been nurtured by all our preceding evolution .
But the second reason is more enlightening , as a welcome empirical input from Kropotkin ’s own experience as a naturalist and an affirmation of Todes ’s intriguing thesis that the usual flow from ideology to interpretation of nature may sometimes be reversed , and that landscape can color social preference .
As a young man , long before his conversion to political radicalism , Kropotkin spent five years in Siberia ( 1862-1866 ) just after Darwin published the Origin of Species .
He went as a military officer , but his commission served as a convenient cover for his yearning to study the geology , geography , and zoology of Russia ’s vast interior .
There , in the polar opposite to Darwin ’s tropical experiences , he dwelled in the environment least conducive to Malthus ’s vision .
He observed a sparsely populated world , swept with frequent catastrophes that threatened the few species able to find a place in such bleakness .
As a potential disciple of Darwin , he looked for competition , but rarely found any .
Instead , he continually observed the benefits of mutual aid in coping with an exterior harshness that threatened all alike and could not be overcome by the analogues of warfare and boxing .
Kropotkin , in short , had a personal and empirical reason to look with favor upon cooperation as a natural force .
He chose this theme as the opening paragraph for Mutual Aid :
Two aspects of animal life impressed me most during the journeys which I made in my youth in Eastern Siberia and Northern Manchuria .
One of them was the extreme severity of the struggle for existence which most species of animals have to carry on against an inclement Nature ; the enormous destruction of life which periodically results from natural agencies ; and the consequent paucity of life over the vast territory which fell under my observation .
And the other was , that even in those few spots where animal life teemed in abundance , I failed to find – although I was eagerly looking for it – that bitter struggle for the means of existence among animals belonging to the same species , which was considered by most Darwinists ( though not always by Darwin himself ) as the dominant characteristic of struggle for life , and the main factor of evolution .
What can we make of Kropotkin ’s argument today , and that of the entire Russian school represented by him ?
Were they just victims of cultural hope and intellectual conservatism ?
I do n’t think so .
In fact , I would hold that Kropotkin ’s basic argument is correct .
Struggle does occur in many modes , and some lead to cooperation among members of a species as the best pathway to advantage for individuals .
If Kropotkin overemphasized mutual aid , most Darwinians in Western Europe had exaggerated competition just as strongly .
If Kropotkin drew inappropriate hope for social reform from his concept of nature , other Darwinians had erred just as firmly ( and for motives that most of us would now decry ) in justifying imperial conquest , racism , and oppression of industrial workers as the harsh outcome of natural selection in the competitive mode .
I would fault Kropotkin only in two ways – one technical , the other general .
He did commit a common conceptual error in failing to recognize that natural selection is an argument about advantages to individual organisms , however they may struggle .
The result of struggle for existence may be cooperation rather than competition , but mutual aid must benefit individual organisms in Darwin ’s world of explanation .
Kropotkin sometimes speaks of mutual aid as selected for the benefit of entire populations or species – a concept foreign to classic Darwinian logic ( where organisms work , albeit unconsciously , for their own benefit in terms of genes passed to future generations ) .
But Kropotkin also ( and often ) recognized that selection for mutual aid directly benefits each individual in its own struggle for personal success .
Thus , if Kropotkin did not grasp the full implication of Darwin ’s basic argument , he did include the orthodox solution as his primary justification for mutual aid .
More generally , I like to apply a somewhat cynical rule of thumb in judging arguments about nature that also have overt social implications :
When such claims imbue nature with just those properties that make us feel good or fuel our prejudices , be doubly suspicious .
I am especially wary of arguments that find kindness , mutuality , synergism , harmony – the very elements that we strive mightily , and so often unsuccessfully , to put into our own lives – intrinsically in nature .
I see no evidence for Teilhard ’s noosphere , for Capra ’s California style of holism , for Sheldrake ’s morphic resonance .
Gaia strikes me as a metaphor , not a mechanism .
( Metaphors can be liberating and enlightening , but new scientific theories must supply new statements about causality .
Gaia , to me , only seems to reformulate , in different terms , the basic conclusions long achieved by classically reductionist arguments of biogeochemical cycling theory . )
There are no shortcuts to moral insight .
Nature is not intrinsically anything that can offer comfort or solace in human terms – if only because our species is such an insignificant latecomer in a world not constructed for us .
So much the better .
The answers to moral dilemmas are not lying out there , waiting to be discovered .
They reside , like the kingdom of God , within us – the most difficult and inaccessible spot for any discovery or consensus .
Source : 1997 .
Kropotkin was no crackpot .
Natural History 106 ( June ) : 12-21 ;
Transcribed : for marxists.org in May , 2002 .
There 's an interesting thread today over at social news site Reddit , in which Google employees are asked to describe their experiences working for the Internet giant .
The replies are anonymous , and should thus be taken with a grain of salt .
But some seem genuine , revealing some fascinating tidbits about Google 's corporate culture , strategy and the day - to - day life of a Google employee .
The experiences are vastly positive , but some of them describe the downsides of being a Googler , too .
Here are some interesting snippets from the thread :
CinoBoo : " I 've been there for about 5 years .
You can read about the good parts anywhere , so I 'll try to offer a counterpoint based on having worked at other software companies .
A common problem is that it 's easy to become spoiled by all the perks .
Several offices have developed distinct cultures of entitlement , and people whine about the quality of the fudge on the free brownies .
It 's embarrassing to be around people who 've become like spoiled children .
An engineering - specific problem there is that there 's a lot of support for operations — that is , lots of people whose job it is to keep the systems running .
Engineers do n't habitually carry pagers and are on - call relatively infrequently .
The plus side is that they can focus on development , get adequate sleep , and be more productive .
The downside is that they can easily lose touch with what 's really going on in the data centers and sometimes even their customers .
It 's a trade - off .
Google is at least aware of it and uses incentive programs to entice engineers to spend time in ops roles .
Last , the company is big into ' generating luck , ' which means trying a whole bunch of stuff in the hopes that a few efforts will pay off . "
GoogleEmployee22 k : " Google is a great place to work .
These are the things I like about my job : 1 ) Everyone is super smart 2 ) 18 different cafes
3 ) Free Breakfast , Lunch , Dinner 4 ) The food is gourmet quality ( e.g. omelet bar , chefs that make custom sandwiches for you , sashimi , free drinks 24/ 7 , free snacks of all sorts 24 / 7 .
5 ) The 7 person conference bicycles 6 ) Every Friday , Larry , Sergei , or Eric takes questions from us ( in person ) , and we get free beer ( e.g. Downtown Brown ) "
solyanik : " Management institute is awful .
A typical manager has 50 - 100 employees , so even if they meet with their reports once a month for 30 minutes , that 's about 2 weeks worth of almost constant 1:1s per month ( allowing just a bit of time for stretching in between :-) ) .
That 's not a lot of time for interaction .
As a result , managers are n't empwered [ sic ] to participate in technical decision , they do n't have very much vote in performance reviews ( these are done by committee ) , and not even hiring ( which is also done by committee ) .
I 've asked older Googlers what the managers did there , and they universally said " I do n't know " .
Almost all managerial decisions that I witnessed at Google ( mostly around resourcing the new projects ) were not great , and the only way I could explain them was by some sort of internal political struggles between different players in the management game .
The good thing was that , as I said above , they do n't have very much role in day to day operations of the company .
But if you LIKE being a technical manager , if that 's how you see your career , Google is definitely not for you . "
[ via Google Blogoscoped ]
RapidShare takes all reasonable measures to prevent movies from being distributed through its web - service , a German court ruled yesterday .
The Higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf overturned the earlier decision of a local district court in a second case brought by movie outfit Capelight Pictures .
Like most file - hosting services , RapidShare hosts a wide range of movies , music and software files that are distributed without the consent of the rightsholders .
This situation has caused the company to be dragged to court on multiple occasions , but the file - hoster has come out the winner several times already .
In May this year , the United States District Court of California ruled that RapidShare is not guilty of copyright infringement .
In a hearing closer to home for the Swiss company , a German court ruled in the same month that RapidShare cannot be held not liable for acts of copyright infringement committed by its users .
In a related case in Germany against the movie studio Capelight Pictures , RapidShare has booked another success after a lower court initially ruled against the file - hoster last year .
RapidShare successfully appealed against a preliminary injunction granted by the Düsseldorf Regional Court , and the Higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf has now reversed the decision .
The dispute between Capelight Pictures and the file - hoster dealt with the question of whether RapidShare had undertaken all reasonable measures to counter the illegal distribution of one of the films owned by the movie outfit in Germany .
While the lower court ruled RapidShare did not , the Higher Regional Court of Düsseldorf overturned this decision .
“ The ruling is a further step in the right direction , ” sad RapidShare lawyer Daniel Raimer .
“ The previously common practice of copyright holders [ suing ]
RapidShare on the off - chance there might be something to be gained from it , misunderstanding the realities it is operating within and showing contempt for its business model , will no longer bear fruit .
The newest court rulings in Germany and the USA indicate this very clearly . “
Christian Schmid , founder and CEO of RapidShare , commented : “ We are also pleased with the ruling because it is connected to a claim for compensation of costs .
Copyright holders should therefore think very carefully in future about whether they would n’t prefer to save themselves some time and above all the expense of suing RapidShare for something for which the company cannot be held liable . “
Together with the positive outcomes from the other court cases this year , RapidShare has less to worry about on the legal front in the future .
The verdicts are undoubtedly a major victory for RapidShare , and they will also reflect positively on other file - hosters and even torrent sites .
In fact , many of the arguments used by the Court also hold for the average torrent site , as long as they stay away from other means of facilitating copyright infringement .
It ’s seventy years since a reedy , strained voice came from the BBC in London , telling the French to fight on .
Almost nobody in France heard it .
Almost nobody in France had heard of General Charles de Gaulle , either .
It was not even a great speech , but rather a set of quite disjointed , sometimes disconcerting remarks .
But those who did hear the broadcast of 18 June 1940 picked out what mattered , and were astonished .
“ Is defeat final ?
No ! ” France was not alone .
De Gaulle repeated that line : “ La France n’est pas seule ! ” With American and British industrial might , Germany could be overwhelmed .
The tank - commander in him was speaking .
“ Vanquished today by mechanical force , in the future we will be able to overcome by a superior mechanical force ” .
He , General de Gaulle , was now in London .
He asked French “ officers , soldiers , engineers and specialised workers ” to make contact with him .
That was the Appeal of the Eighteenth of June 1940 .
A few days later , de Gaulle spoke again , and this time was heard much more widely .
His oratory improved .
Nonetheless , almost all the French soldiers and sailors stranded in Britain after Marshal Pétain ’s surrender chose repatriation rather than Gaullist exile .
One could go home to mum , or one could stay on to be bombed in this cold , perfidious country which - as they saw it - had deserted the French army at Dunkirk and then murdered the French navy at Mers - el - Kébir .
In the summer of 1940 , this choice seemed like a French no -brainer .
And yet de Gaulle won through .
The tiny faithful remnant who stuck by him gradually grew much larger .
The appeal , dropped across France by the Royal Air Force , became a clandestine message of hope , then a call to resist and eventually a sacred text in the myth of post - war France .
De Gaulle ’s place in that myth , under the Cross of Lorraine , was finally secured when he stalked in triumph down the Champs Elysées in August 1944 , while Nôtre - Dame was still echoing with the shots of German snipers .
But looking back across his life , it ’s probably true that there was never a time when most Frenchwomen and Frenchmen approved of him .
He dominated by simply refusing to get out of the way .
Even in the years when he was sulking at home at Colombey - les - deux - Églises , he was still somehow in the way - the long - nosed elephant in the sitting - room of the possible .
On history 's back
He came and went in my own life .
Sometimes I thought of him as a soldier to follow , sometimes as a great enemy with his big feet on democracy ’s neck .
When I was a child , he had come from London to inspect the Free French navy at Greenock , on the lower Clyde in west - central Scotland , and there was a big fuss among the French officers we knew .
All I really remember is Françoise , daughter of the French base - commander .
She was at school with my sister .
Françoise had her black hair madly frizzed up and stuffed with ribbons in order to curtsey and present the general with a bouquet .
There was a piece about Françoise in the Greenock Telegraph .
After de Gaulle ’s visit , I conceded that she was a wee cracker .
That was her opinion , too .
My next contact was fifteen years later .
I was a journalist on holiday in Paris , and it was May 1958 .
Violent mutiny broke out in Algiers .
The parachute generals prepared to invade France , to muck out the dirty byre of democracy and replace it with discipline .
Insane mobs swirled about Paris , gabbling about Algerians rallying to France , and tous français de Dunkerque à Tamanrasset .
One night , the paras seized Corsica .
Leaflets from a fascistic “ Committee of Public Safety ” were flying about the pavements in Toulouse .
By now , I had been attached to Darsie Gillie , the exuberant old Jacobite who was the Manchester Guardian man in Paris .
His friend Graham Greene rushed round , and we went for a walk in the Tuileries gardens while Greene chattered excitedly about the rebel generals in Algiers whom he had known in Indochina .
But my job was not to stay in Paris with Darsie but to cover the provinces .
Rushing about the land from Toulouse to Lille , from Colmar to Avignon , I saw the first signs of a revolution .
French society in those days was still shaped by 19th - century divisions : a perforated sheet of paper with one half red , the other white .
Everyone knew which side they would be on when the paper was parted along the perforation , and who to kill when the barricades went up .
Especially in small towns , I saw the paper starting to tear .
On one side , the Reds : those who believed in the Republic “ united and indivisible ” , in various forms of socialism , in lay state schooling and in the slogan le fascisme ne passera pas !
On the other side were the Whites : the pious and the propertied who sent their children to religious “ free schools ” , who hated the Republic as godless and without respect for order , who privately regarded the wartime Resistance as Communist - run banditry .
Slowly , France was sundering once more along these antique faultlines .
But then de Gaulle reappeared , after a decade of dudgeon at Colombey .
At first , the Red side saw him as a right - wing dictator , opening the gates to the parachutists from Algiers .
I thought so too .
The trade unions prepared themselves for civil war .
Then they hesitated .
Soon after seizing power , de Gaulle grew evasive about the promises he had made to the Algiers mob .
He was moving in a different direction .
Jacques Soustelle , the cunning anthropologist who had helped him to power on the assumption that he supported the Algiers putschists , dashed round to see him .
For a long time , he was left waiting in the hall .
Then the General materialised at the top of a dark steep stairway .
“ Alors , Soustelle ! ” ( Nobody could pronounce alors like de Gaulle ) .
“ Alors , you have seen me ! ”
He turned his back and vanished again .
Things grew less alarming .
De Gaulle took a grip .
The Algiers officers were stuffed back into their box .
And then de Gaulle , this profoundly conservative figure with “ a certain idea of France ” , an eternal France , went on to destroy for ever the old Red / White political and social pattern which had defined France since about 1830 , perhaps since the Great Revolution .
He created the Fifth Republic .
It was - still is - authoritarian , with heavy presidential powers .
But it broke open doors in education , economic regulation , farming subsidies and much else , which meant that in the ten years between 1958 and 1968 , France changed more than it had changed in the previous century .
Soon , the Algiers box burst open again .
There was another putsch , another threat that the mainland would be invaded by mutineers for whom de Gaulle had now become the arch - traitor .
I stood in a crowded cafe watching the black - and - white TV as that big face leaned towards us : “ Françaises ! Français ! Aidez - moi ! ”
Afterwards , we went across the river to the Petit - Palais and signed on for rifles , volunteers for the defence of Paris .
What were we preparing to defend ?
Democracy ?
Not exactly .
De Gaulle belonged to a very European class of ruler , the “ Man on the White Horse ” .
These figures , who flourished mainly between about 1850 and 1945 , were authoritarians who had arrived in power by usually unconstitutional means .
Most of them had military or naval backgrounds .
Their politics were patriotic , sometimes xenophobic , and they presented themselves as somehow incarnating “ national character ” .
Their attitude to parliamentary democracy varied widely , between disgusted tolerance to dismissive impatience .
Dictators ?
Not in the Hitler - Stalin - Mussolini model of absolute power enforced by state terror .
But leading opposition to them could be dangerous , for politicians or editors .
The arc of power
De Gaulle reminded me of Józef Pilsudski , a classic White Horseman who had led Poland back to independence in 1918 and then dominated it , erratically , until his death in 1935 .
He had retreated in a sulk to his own Colombey at Sulejówek , but when he came riding back in 1926 to snatch full power , there was much more bloodshed than de Gaulle caused in 1958 .
Verbally , Pilsudski was irascible and could be coarse .
De Gaulle , in contrast , preserved glacial good manners .
He had his own sinister squad of goons and heavies ( the “ Barbouzes ” ) , but - unlike the Pole - he did not throw his opponents into internment - camps .
The two men had known each other slightly .
Charles de Gaulle had been a young officer on the French military mission to Poland in 1920 , during the Polish - Soviet war .
When he returned to Poland on a delirious state visit in 1966 , some in Warsaw still remembered him .
Known as Duzy Karolek ( Long Charlie ) , he could be seen on Sundays after Mass , a stork - like figure striding along fashionable Nowy Swiat with a tiny packet of cake from Blikle , the best patissier , dangling from his gloved finger .
I never found out the name of the Countess he was going to visit , but some very old Varsovians think they know .
I went with his press party on that 1966 trip .
The Poles were blissful : de Gaulle was the first European leader of a free country to visit them .
Young men and some women wore imitations of his képi military cap ; known as a Degolówka , it was all the rage for months .
The West Germans were furious , especially when he visited the once - German town of Hindenburg , which had become Zabrze , and boomed that it was la ville la plus polonaise de la Pologne !
( the most Polish town in Poland ) .
That was overstating things .
But de Gaulle grew very emotional in Poland , which he seemed to regard as a beautiful damsel he had once loved .
Perhaps he was thinking of the pretty Countess waiting for her cake .
But the idea was also in line with his Man - on - White - Horse habit of personalising nations , usually as females .
Convinced that these nation - characters never really change , he grew dogmatic , sometimes blindly perverse , abut how other countries would behave .
He was quite wrong about East Germany , which he perhaps imagined as some sort of Prussian Valkyrie in a breastplate .
In a conversation with André Malraux about “ the two Germanies ” , he declared absurdly that “ East Germany is the stronger .
She will devour the other ! ”
But about Britain – or England , as he liked to call her – he was more perceptive than the British like to admit .
He admired the dogged courage and confidence , but identified the streak of ruthless national egoism ( “ British interests ” ) which would always make Angleterre an uncertain partner .
He also saw that the link between Britain and the United States was not simply rational , a matter of alliances and purposes , but something existential , an element inextricably lodged in the bone - marrow of London ’s reactions to the outside world .
That country could never be wholeheartedly committed to any united Europe .
His vetoes on British entry to the European Economic Community , in 1963 and 1967 , were futile in the short term .
But the insight behind them has repeatedly turned out to be well - founded .
He grew older and more remote .
On two occasions , I was allowed to attend what were called “ press conferences ” in the Elysée .
These were at once awesome and ridiculous .
In a dark , thickly decorated salon , rows of tiny gilt chairs were set out under the chandelier .
Trusted French journalists occupied the front seats .
No questions were allowed , certainly not from foreigners .
Instead , the president delivered two or three long speeches , apparently in response to prearranged enquiries commissioned from tame hacks .
Then came the upheavals of May 1968 .
I arrived from Berlin with a bunch of German revolutionaries , to find that for the first time Charles de Gaulle and his Olympian style had become a joke .
Nobody feared him , up to the moment when his nerve broke and he fled to the French army in Germany .
He had no idea what was going on , describing events with the archaic term chienlit , which can mean either shitting in one ’s bed or sharing it with a dog .
The Paris students were baffled by the expression , but it made them laugh and prompted some fine cartoons .
I went back to Germany , to discover much later that de Gaulle ’s government had declared me a subversive agitator and prohibited immigrant .
The builder and the seer
That was my last encounter with him and his arrangements .
His departure in 1969 was inglorious , and he died almost at once .
But de Gaulle ’s Fifth Republic , though shaken by the 1968 events , has withstood the storms for over fifty years .
The believer in la France éternelle did paradoxically found a quite new France .
And his foreign policies , often resented by France ’s neighbours as bullying arrogance , have made the present European Union possible .
De Gaulle ’s 1963 treaty with Konrad Adenauer forged the Franco - German axle around which Europe still spins .
And he persuaded the French to think of a united Europe as a French grand projet , a design which would ensure the cultural and political pre-eminence of France throughout the continent .
The euro , seen that way , is a prouder French symbol than the franc .
De Gaulle was a colossus for most of my life .
Sometimes he was malign , sometimes worth dying for , sometimes maddeningly aloof and conceited .
But I think of the scene when the Frenchwomen who had survived Ravensbrück were brought out of the train in Paris .
De Gaulle was supposed to make a triumphalist speech of welcome , but when he saw them , he could only weep .
I remember him looking out over sunlit crowds in Normandy and calling out in a strong voice to “ votre belle et nombreuse jeunesse ” .
And I think of his prose , for - like Pilsudski - he was a marvellous writer .
This is what he wrote about the fate of his country seventy years ago this month :
“ Old age is a shipwreck .
So that we should be spared nothing , the old age of Marshal Pétain would soon be identified with the shipwreck of France ” .
The man who wrote that understood the tempests of his century well .
Progressives should press for exposure of the problems related to the collapse of World Trade Center Building 7 .
( An abbreviated set of seven of these problems are available at the 7problemswithbuilding 7.info website . )
Thus far , these problems have been mostly hidden from the public .
Exposure could provide a rallying point for efforts to bring accountability and justice in America .
It can bring clarity to the press for transparency in government , and it can expose corporate Machiavellian manipulations that have clearly gone on relative to Building 7's collapse .
Transparency in government is badly needed , both within the Administration and in Congress .
The happenings related to Building 7 make this abundantly clear .
Within the Administration , a number of Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) requests have been submitted seeking records on the Building 7 collapse - analysis data .
The final report on World Trade Center 7 was issued by the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) in November 2008 ; however , going on two years later , most requests have been denied .
Most troubling is the reason given for denial .
The Director of NIST has determined that release of the information " might jeopardize public safety . "
This reasoning is outrageous .
If anything , not releasing the information might jeopardize public safety .
Congress is guilty of inhibiting transparency in government , for not insisting on accountability , by not holding any hearings on this subject .
Apparently , to members of Congress , the collapse of Building 7 is a taboo subject .
Yes , some members of Congress will listen to some of the troubling evidence involving the collapse , but the reasons given for not pursuing the matter are usually vague , such as there is n't a consensus this matter should be pursued .
Exposure of corporate Machiavellian manipulations relative to Building 7 is the other major reason this matter should be pursued .
Major corporations in mainstream media , in major investment areas generally associated with Wall Street , and in the military / industrial complex should be parties of interest in this matter .
Mainstream media 's collusion , for example , can be seen in the way the TV networks quickly let the collapse of Building 7 drop out of the news in the hours and days following the event .
The visual image of the building descending at , what now has officially been acknowledged as a free - fall drop , should be a commonly - recognized image , but the obvious manipulations by the media has hidden that image from public view .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
I finally read Twilight , and after hours of internet research , I ’ve found a solution to a major problem I had with the story .
I know why the vampire sparkles !
Of course , innate body glitter is just the latest thing wrong with vampires at large , so I ’ll start with the broader picture and work my way to the answer to that new riddle .
First , I assert that vampires must be giant , highly evolved insects .
That makes sense because most of the hematophages in the natural world are bugs .
Second , like many real bloodsuckers , vampires must feed before they reproduce .
However , unlike anything in the natural world , vampires seem to reproduce entirely through horizontal gene transfer .
If they do n’t kill their victim outright , then vampire genes invade the host and trigger …
Metamorphosis .
According to Twilight , the process takes days and is excruciatingly painful , which is logical given that the victim undergoes complete hystolysis and histogenesis without the benefit of a pupal stage , let alone general anesthesia .
But wait !
How do vampires retain the memories of their human lives ?
Well , butterflies are apparently able to remember things they learned as caterpillars .
While it ’s doubtful that the same processes would apply identically to higher - order animals , anything is apparently possible with enough suspension of disbelief .
Furthermore , vampires appear to be ectothermic , or never warmer than their environment .
‘ Cold - blooded ’ , in other words .
Their stone - like ‘ skin ’ also seems more like an exoskeleton than warm , soft , human tissue .
What about vampires ’ superhuman abilities ?
The Tiger Beetle is technically ‘ the fastest running land animal ’ .
The strongest animal is the world is the horned dung beetle .
Insects also have incredible vision ; most see colors invisible to humans and bees see in color at five times the speed we ’re able .
Vampires and other insects do n’t breathe like we do , nor do they possess a human heartbeat .
As an added bonus , invertebrates are notoriously hard to kill .
By now , I ’m sure you ’re all with me ; vampires are bugs .
But what kind ?
It took me a while to figure it out , but now I ’m convinced that vampires are nothing more than overgrown , parasitic …
Butterflies !
Photo by Túrelio
There you have it .
Vampires are gorgeous , metamorphosis is a key part of their development , and they are natural experts at camouflage and mimicry .
Some butterflies have even been observed feeding on blood .
Why do they sparkle ?
That ’s easy : Vampires , like butterflies , are covered in tiny iridescent scales .
Former Real Madrid Soccer legend Camacho nearly urinates himself in the booth , LOL !
In Sunday 's season premiere of AMC 's drama " Mad Men , " attentive fans ( are there any other kind ) may have been wondering how Don Draper could have been watching a football game in his old living room Saturday night while he was waiting for his ex-wife to come home with her new husband .
Of course , he could n't have been watching a night football game because that was not the norm in 1964 , which was when Sunday 's episode was set .
While " Mad Men " creator Matthew Weiner and his team are incredibly detail - oriented , this is one time where a little less attention to detail would have been helpful .
It 's not that the producers did n't know there was n't a night football game for Don to be watching .
It 's that they could n't get the rights to the hockey game they wanted Don to be watching .
Sunday 's episode took place on Saturday , Nov. 28 , 1964 .
That night , the New York Rangers beat the Toronto Maple Leafs , 4 - 1 .
Unfortunately , " Mad Men " was unable to secure any rights for audio or video of that game .
The producers wanted some background noise from the television and instead went with audio of a football game .
The audio was not supposed to be discernible , but obsessed viewers ( like this one ) could pick up the play - by - play of a football game .
Although it was a slip - up on the part of the producers , maybe it 's for the best .
Does smooth - talking Don Draper seem like a hockey fan ?
-- Joe Flint
Photo : AMC's " Mad Men " featuring Jon Hamm as Don Draper .
Credit : AMC .
Cherie Blair will not be disciplined after she was cleared over comments she made while sparing a violent offender jail
Senior judicial officials have been accused of attempting to cover up the findings of a top level inquiry into comments by Cherie Blair as she spared a violent criminal jail .
The National Secular Society ( NSS ) made a formal complaint after the wife of former prime minister Tony Blair told a devout Muslim he would not go to prison because he was a " religious person " .
The comments , which were made by Mrs Blair as she sat as a part - time judge at Inner London Crown Court , were considered by the Lord Chancellor , Kenneth Clarke , and the Lord Chief Justice , Lord Judge .
A statement released by the Office of Judicial Complaints ( OJC ) said her actions " did not constitute judicial misconduct " and " no disciplinary action is necessary " , suggesting Mrs Blair had been cleared .
But a letter sent directly to the NSS marked " restricted - personal " said Lord Judge and Mr Clarke ruled the complaint was partly upheld and " expressed some concern " about the impact of her comments .
It also said Mrs Blair would receive " informal advice " from a more senior judge about her comments , although it claimed this was not a " formal disciplinary sanction " .
Keith Porteous Wood , who leads the NSS , accused the watchdog of a " cover - up " , making a " partial and misleading statement " and of trying to " silence " his organisation with an intimidating letter .
He said : " Advice we received throws doubt on the OJC 's right to seek to make its adjudications on our complaint confidential , especially in a case where it itself has put such an incomplete account of its findings into the public domain .
" It is worrying that a decision made by the Lord Chancellor and the Lord Chief Justice should be so deliberately concealed in this way .
What happened to justice being seen to be done ? "
Questions were raised after Mrs Blair , who sits as Cherie Booth QC , told Shamso Miah he would not go to prison after breaking a man 's jaw during a row over queue - jumping in a bank " based on the fact you are a religious person " .
PA
In a letter obtained by The Australian , former prime minister Paul Keating has lashed out at his predecessor , Bob Hawke , over a book written by Hawke 's wife .
It was with much disappointment that I opened The Weekend Australian to find on page three the headline Hawke 's take on ditherer Keating and lying Richo and to read at the first line that either you or Blanche had described me as " an ailing vacillator " .
As you know , I have written no book about my years as treasurer or prime minister .
I have declined repeated requests to " get it all down and set the record straight " .
And not only have I not written a book , as prime minister I did not respond to the book you yourself wrote after you left office ; the so - called history of the Hawke government .
In it , as you know , you treated me shamefully while attempting to diminish my motivations and larger schematic .
Yet I did not upbraid you for it .
Indeed , you will have well noticed that I have desisted from writing any exposes ; that I have not reflected adversely on your years as prime minister .
When criticism of the Labor years often arose at the hands of Howard and Costello , I would more often than not make a defensive comment in terms of " us " or " Bob and I " , because I believed the unity of our purpose reflected more strongly on what we achieved and on Labor 's record .
That is , we looked stronger together than as two personalities separated as to objectives and outcomes .
And this was the way I was happy to leave it .
But you are not happy to leave it .
You want to retrace the ground for a second time in a major book , only this time a book written by your wife .
Of course , I have not yet seen the book ; I can only go on the serialised excerpts and news stories of the kind referred to above .
But the Dusevic news story on page three is obviously a lift from the book where you ( or Blanche ) wilfully misrepresent my role in the float of the exchange rate with supportive quotes for your line by Ross Garnaut , your rusted on , if one - eyed , adviser at the time .
The book apparently quotes Bill Hayden saying " he wanted me to be onside with him to oppose it " .
This , of course , is totally untrue , as my real mission with Hayden at that time was to bring him onside as he was one of the few people in cabinet able to up - end or delay it .
But to give Hayden his due , he always saw the sense of it .
Or at least from May 1983 when it became apparent that the managed system was on its last legs .
The Dusevic story then goes on to misrepresent my position in relation to the first Gulf War .
As you know , in 1991 I was in favour of the UN system returning to life after the long impasse of the Cold War and , in meetings with you , I said that if President Bush , two years after the ( Berlin ) Wall had come down , was prepared to reinvigorate the UN with a UN - mandated assault upon Saddam Hussein , I believed Australia should support it .
And if you remember , I advised you to get in early before Mulroney and the British because the Americans were looking mainly for early moral support rather than material support .
I went on to say this should allow us to put a couple of ships up the top of the gulf rather than commit ground forces and aircraft .
And you were happy to agree .
As I remember at the time , mighty happy , for I was both deputy prime minister and treasurer and effective leader of the Right in the parliamentary caucus .
My agreement meant full political protection for you .
Which brings me to the point , what do I do from here ?
The first thing I will do is , when I get a hold of a copy , read the book .
But I suspect the book will be a more polished reflection of your self - serving account of your years as prime minister .
I will bet , London to a brick on , that the book will do way less than share those years of achievements with me , or my work or indeed adequately with the work of other ministers .
I will also bet , London to a brick on , that notwithstanding what the serialised account on Saturday had to say of your breakdown in 1984 , that the book will fail to make clear that your emotional and intellectual malaise lasted for years .
All through the Tax Summit year of 1985 ; through to your lacklustre performance through the 1987 election , to the point when in 1988 , four years later , ( John ) Dawkins had to front you , asking you to leave .
It was only after that that you approached me , at your initiative , to enter into an agreement with me to succeed you following the 1990 election .
An agreement you subsequently broke .
The fact is , Bob , I was exceedingly kind to you for a very long time .
I knew the state you were in in 1984 and notwithstanding a lot of unhelpful advice from Garnaut and other obsequious members of your staff , I carried you through the whole 1984 - 1987 parliament , insisting you look like the prime minister , even if your staff , the Manchu Court I called them , were otherwise prepared to leave you in your emotional hole .
No other prime minister would have survived going missing for that long .
But with my help , you were able to .
Kevin Rudd had two months of bad polls and you were the first to say he should be replaced .
And you have since repeated it .
Indeed , when Blanche asked me to be interviewed for her book , I told her she could not write about your years with me , without dealing honestly and fully with your long years of depression and executive incapacity .
I told her for that reason alone , I should prefer no interview with her .
This letter is written now , not simply to express my disappointment but to let you know that enough is enough .
That yours and Blanche 's rewriting of history is not only unreasonable and unfair , more than that , it is grasping .
It is as if , Narcissus - like , you cannot find enough praise to heap upon yourself .
In hindsight , it is obvious yours and Blanche 's expressions of friendship towards me over the last few years have been completely insincere .
I can only promise you this : if I get around to writing a book , and I might , I will be telling the truth ; the whole truth .
And that truth will record the great structural changes that occurred during our years and my own as prime minister , but it will also record without favour , how lucky you were to have me drive the government during your down years , leaving you with the credit for much of the success .
Paul Keating was the Prime Minister of Australia from 1991 to 1996 .
FALLING SHORT OF THE BARE MINIMUM FOR FISCAL CREDIBILITY ….
It ’s a pretty simple litmus test — those who want to reduce the deficit ca n’t insist that the Pentagon budget is untouchable .
It ’s an immediate credibility killer , reflecting a fundamental lack of seriousness about the subject .
Even some of the Tea Party crowd agrees that the enormous , bloated spending on the Defense Department has to be part of the mix when weighing cuts to the budget .
A certain former half - term governor is trying to convince the right - wing “ movement ” to think otherwise .
Sarah Palin is waging a battle inside the “ tea party ” movement to exempt defense spending from the group ’s small - government , anti-deficit fervor .
There ’s growing concern among Republicans — and especially among the pro-defense neoconservative wing of the party — that national security spending , which is under a level of scrutiny and pressure not seen since the end of the Cold War , could fall victim to the tea party ’s anti-establishment , anti-spending agenda .
The former Alaska governor , as the unofficial leader of the movement and its most prominent celebrity , is moving to carve out such funding from any drives to cut overall government expenditures . [… ]
Palin ’s drive to lead the charge against defense cuts was on display in a June 27 speech at “ Freedom Fest , ” a conservative gathering in Norfolk where she sent a clear message to Republicans that deficit reduction can’t come at the military ’s expense .
In the speech , Palin insisted that she has a better understanding of military spending than Republican Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
She was n’t kidding .
Look , this does n’t have to be complicated .
The United States now spends about as much on defense as every other country on the planet combined .
Secretary Gates has said , publicly and repeatedly , that the United States ca n’t keep spending such vast amounts of money on the military indefinitely .
It ’s simply unsustainable .
This year , even conservatives who have long considered the Pentagon budget off - limits are starting to come around .
Reps. Walter Jones ( R - N.C. ) and Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) worked with Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) on a commission that recommended hundreds of billions of dollars in savings in defense spending .
Even Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - Wis. ) , the ranking member on the House Budget Committee , conceded recently , “ The Pentagon ’s budget itself is not working right , so there are billions of dollars of waste you can get out of the Pentagon , lots of procurement waste .
We ’re buying some weapons systems I would argue you do n’t need anymore . ”
It ’s the first hurdle that has to be cleared for the rest of the discussion to even get underway .
Sarah Palin has already proven to be a fool , but for anyone serious about fiscal responsibility to take her advice seriously is ridiculous .
( WOMENSENEWS ) –Late last year , when a young mother of four came through the doors of St. Joseph ’s Hospital and Medical Center in Phoenix , Sister Margaret Mary McBride made a difficult decision .
The choice she made would turn out to be the definitive one of her career .
Because of it , she suffered a very public excommunication at the hands of Bishop Thomas J. Olmsted , was held up by the Roman Catholic Church as an example of a former " woman religious " turned apostate and resigned at the request of the bishop from her position as vice president of mission integration at the hospital .
While details of the case remain hidden by federal privacy laws , the maelstrom of media attention generated by the incident has provided some information concerning the events that took place .
The woman , age 27 , was 11 weeks pregnant and suffered from a serious condition called pulmonary hypertension , which ultimately led to a diagnosis of right - sided heart failure and shock .
In consultation with her family and a team of doctors , the ethics committee of the hospital–on which Sister McBride sat–voted to allow an emergency abortion in order to save the life of the woman .
In a statement released shortly after the incident became public , the Roman Catholic Diocese of Phoenix proclaimed it a " scandal that a Catholic hospital would perform such a reprehensible act " and insisted that a set of ethical and religious directives , to which St. Joseph ’s and countless other public Catholic hospitals adhere , prohibit direct abortions under any circumstances–even , apparently , if that means almost certain death for the mother and fetus .
Representatives at St. Joseph ’s Hospital responded with a statement of their own , firmly reiterating that the procedure was necessary to save the woman ’s life .
Attention Focused on Murky Questions
Much of the attention over the past few months has centered on murky questions of ethical and religious significance , with popular reactions ranging from outrage at the Catholic Church for its treatment of Sister McBride to a renunciation of the hospital for opposing church directives .
With attacks so virulent coming from both sides of the political spectrum , it ’s important to recognize the situation for what it is , and what it is not .
It is not a platform to criticize members of the Catholic Church for their deeply held religious beliefs .
They are entitled to them .
Nor is it a time to delve into the complex moral and political arguments so often associated with the practice of elective abortions .
Rather , it is an opportunity to identify and rectify a troubling and dangerous violation of federal law potentially taking place in Catholic hospitals across the country .
Last week , members of the American Civil Liberties Union ’s Washington legislative office did just that , along with the ACLU of Arizona and the New York - based ACLU Reproductive Freedom Project .
Together , the civil liberties organizations sent a letter addressed to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , a division of the Department of Health and Human Services .
In it , the organizations raise possible systematic violations by religiously - affiliated hospitals of the Conditions of Participation of Medicare and Medicaid and the Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act ( EMTALA ) .
EMTALA became law in 1986 and applies to hospitals that accept federal dollars for Medicare and Medicaid services , which , in practical terms , is almost every hospital in the United States .
Act Applies to All Patients
The law governs how and when a patient can be denied medical treatment or transferred to another hospital when she or he is in an unstable medical condition .
While the act covers hospitals that receive funding for Medicare or Medicaid , the requirements apply to every patient the hospital treats , not just those using the programs .
" Religiously - affiliated hospitals –which are often the only hospital in a particular area– are not exempt from providing critical care to patients who come through their doors , " said Daniel Pochoda , legal director of the ACLU of Arizona , in a press statement issued last week .
The letter cites an American Journal of Public Health article that documents refusals by various Catholic hospitals to provide urgent medical reproductive care in miscarriage management cases .
In each situation described , the letter asserts , the hospital in question placed a woman ’s life or health at risk in direct violation of federal law .
The ACLU ’s legal argument hinges on an interpretation of a section of federal law that requires hospitals to stabilize patients with an " emergency medical condition , " defined as a situation in which the health of the patient is in serious jeopardy or the patient risks serious impairment to bodily functions or dysfunction of a bodily organ .
There are unfortunately countless conditions in which termination of pregnancy will be necessary to stabilize a patient , they argue .
They also allege violation of federal law in the various hospitals ’ failings to provide their pregnant patients with all available treatment options .
" The law rightly requires hospitals to provide life - saving medical care to their patients , " said Vania Leveille , ACLU legislative counsel .
" The government must ensure that the well - being of the patient does not take a back seat to religious beliefs . "
Group Seeks Investigation
The civil liberties group seeks a comprehensive investigation as well as an explicit clarification of protocol in situations similar to the one that gave rise to Sister McBride ’s excommunication .
They request an immediate in - person meeting with Marilyn Tavenner , an administrator and chief operating officer of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , which is responsible for the development and enforcement of EMTALA .
In taking a hard - line stance against the violations of the rights of women in religiously - affiliated hospitals , the ACLU provides a morally neutral framework to analyze the situation : hospitals that refuse to provide emergency medical reproductive health care jeopardize the health and lives of women in direct violation of federal law .
While Sister McBride ’s decision has no doubt caused her immense personal suffering , the uproar surrounding her excommunication has and will continue to resonate publically .
It has shed light on a troubling problem that cannot be rectified without government intervention .
Many await the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ’ response and hope it strikes a proper legal balance between respect for individual religious liberty and patient safety .
Caroline Johnston Polisi is an attorney and freelance journalist in New York City who does volunteer legal work for the ACLU ’s Reproductive Freedom Project .
She wrote this article in her individual capacity .
This is the first part in a mini-sequence presenting content from Keith E. Stanovich 's excellent book What Intelligence Tests Miss :
The psychology of rational thought .
It will culminate in a review of the book itself .
People who care a lot about rationality may frequently be asked why they do so .
There are various answers , but I think that many of ones discussed here wo n't be very persuasive to people who do n't already have an interest in the issue .
But in real life , most people do n't try to stay healthy because of various far - mode arguments for the virtue of health : instead , they try to stay healthy in order to avoid various forms of illness .
In the same spirit , I present you with a list of real - world events that have been caused by failures of rationality .
What happens if you , or the people around you , are not rational ?
Well , in order from least serious to worst , you may ...
Have a worse quality of living .
Status Quo bias is a general human tendency to prefer the default state , regardless of whether the default is actually good or not .
In the 1980's , Pacific Gas and Electric conducted a survey of their customers .
Because the company was serving a lot of people in a variety of regions , some of their customers suffered from more outages than others .
Pacific
Gas asked customers with unreliable service whether they'd be willing to pay extra for more reliable service , and customers with reliable service whether they'd be willing to accept a less reliable service in exchange for a discount .
The customers were presented with increases and decreases of various percentages , and asked which ones they'd be willing to accept .
The percentages were same for both groups , only with the other having increases instead of decreases .
Even though both groups had the same income , customers of both groups overwhelmingly wanted to stay with their status quo .
Yet the service difference between the groups was large : the unreliable service group suffered 15 outages per year of 4 hours ' average duration and the reliable service group suffered 3 outages per year of 2 hours ' average duration !
( Though note caveats . )
A study by Philips Electronics found that one half of their products had nothing wrong in them , but the consumers could n't figure out how to use the devices .
This can be partially explained by egocentric bias on behalf of the engineers .
Cognitive scientist Chip Heath notes that he has " a DVD remote control with 52 buttons on it , and every one of them is there because some engineer along the line knew how to use that button and believed I would want to use it , too .
People who design products are experts ... and they can't imagine what it 's like to be as ignorant as the rest of us . "
Suffer financial harm .
John Allen Paulos is a professor of mathematics at Temple University .
Yet he fell prey to serious irrationality which began when he purchased WorldCom stock at $ 47 per share in early 2000 .
As bad news about the industry began mounting , WorldCom 's stock price started falling - and as it did so , Paulos kept buying , regardless of accumulating evidence that he should be selling .
Later on , he admitted that his " purchases were not completely rational " and that " I bought shares even though I knew better " .
He was still buying - partially on borrowed money - when the stock price was $ 5 .
When it momentarily rose to $ 7 , he finally decided to sell .
Unfortunately , he did n't get off from work until the market closed , and on the next market day the stock had lost a third of its value .
Paulos finally sold everything , at a huge loss .
Stock market losses due to irrationality are not atypical .
From the beginning of 1998 to the end of 2001 , the Firsthand Technology Value mutual fund had an average gain of 16 percent per year .
Yet the average investor who invested in the fund lost 31.6 percent of her money over the same period .
Investors actually lost a total of $ 1.9 billion by investing in a fund which was producing 16 percent of a profit per year .
That happened because the fund was very volatile , causing people to invest and cash out at exactly the wrong times .
When it gained , it gained a lot , and when it lost , it lost a lot .
When people saw that it had been making losses , they sold , and when they saw it had been making gains , they bought .
In other words , they bought when high and sold when low - exactly the opposite of what you 're supposed to do if you want to make a profit .
Reporting on a study of 700 mutual funds during 1998 - 2001 , finanical reporter Jason Zweig noted that " to a remarkable degree , investors underperformed their funds ' reported returns - sometimes by as much as 75 percentage points per year . "
Be manipulated and robbed of personal autonomy .
Subjects were asked to divide 100 usable livers to 200 children awaiting a transplant .
With two groups of children , group A with 100 children and group B with 100 children , the overwhelming response was to allocate 50 livers to each , which seems reasonable .
But when group A had 100 children , each with an 80 percent chance of surviving when transplanted , and group B had 100 children , each with a 20 percent chance of surviving when transplanted , people still chose the equal allocation method even if this caused the unnecessary deaths of 30 children .
Well , that 's just a question of values and not rationality , right ?
Turns out that if the patients were ranked from 1 to 200 in terms of prognosis , people were relatively comfortable with distributing organs to the top 100 patients .
It was only when the question was framed as " group A versus group B " that people suddenly felt they did n't want to abandon group B entirely .
Of course , these are exactly the same dilemma .
One could almost say that the person who got to choose which framing to use was getting to decide on behalf of the people being asked the question .
Two groups of subjects were given information about eliminating affirmative action and adopting a race - neutral policy at several universities .
One group was told that under race - neutral conditions , the probability of a black student being admitted would decline from 42 percent to 13 percent and the probability of a white student being admitted would rise from 25 percent to 27 percent .
The other group was told that under race - neutral admissions , the number of black students being admitted would decrease by 725 and the number of white students would increase by 725 .
These two framings were both saying the same thing , but you can probably guess the outcome : support for affirmative action was much higher in the percentage group .
In a hypothetical country , a family with no children and an income of $ 35,000 pays $ 4,000 in tax , while a family with no children and an income of $ 100,000 pays $ 26,000 in tax .
Now suppose that there 's a $ 500 tax reduction for having a child for a family with an income of $ 35,000 .
Should the family with an income of $ 100,000 be given a larger reduction because of their higher income ?
Here , most people would say no .
But suppose that instead , the baseline is that a family of two children with an income of $ 35,000 pays $ 3,000 in tax and that a family of two children with an income of $ 100,000 pays $ 25,000 in tax .
We propose to make the families with no children pay more tax - that is , have a " childless penalty " .
Say that the family with the income of $ 100,000 and one child has their taxes set at $ 26,000 and the same family with no children has their taxes set at $ 27,000 - there 's a childless penalty of $ 1,000 per child .
Should the poorer family which makes $ 35,000 and has no children also pay the same $ 2,000 childless penalty as the richer family ?
Here , most people would also say no - they'd want the " bonus " for children to be equal for low - and high - income families , but they do not want the " penalty " for lacking children to be the high for same and low income .
End up falsely accused or imprisoned .
In 2003 , an attorney was released from prison in England when her conviction of murdering her two infants was overturned .
Five months later , another person was released from prison when her charge of having murdered her children was also overturned .
In both cases , the evidence presented against them had been ambiguous .
What had convinced the jury was that in both cases , a pediatrician had testified that the odds of two children in the same family dying of infant death syndrome was 73 million to 1 .
Unfortunately , he had arrived to this figure by squaring the odds of a single death .
Squaring the odds of a single event to arrive at the odds for it happening twice only works if the two events are independent .
But that assumption is likely to be false in the case of multiple deaths in the same family , where numerous environmental and genetic factors may have affected both deaths .
In the late 1980s and early 1990s , many parents were excited and overjoyed to hear of a technique coming out of Australia that enabled previously totally non-verbal autistic children to communicate .
It was uncritically promoted in highly visible media such as 60 Minutes , Parade magazine and the Washington Post .
The claim was that autistic individuals and other children with developmental disabilities who'd previously been nonverbal had typed highly literate messages on a keyboard when their hands and arms had been supported over by the typewriter by a sympathetic " facilitator " .
As Stanovich describes : " Throughout the early 1990s , behavioral science researchers the world over watched in horrified anticipation , almost as if observing cars crash in slow motion , while a predictable tragedy unfolded before their eyes . "
The hopes of countless parents were dashed when it was shown that the " facilitators " had been - consciously or unconsciously - directing the children 's hands on the right keys .
It should have been obvious that spreading such news before the technique had been properly scientifically examined was dangerously irresponsible - and it gets worse .
During some " faciliation " sessions , children " reported " having been sexually abused by their parents , and were removed from their homes as a result .
( Though they were eventually returned . )
End up dead .
After 9/11 , people became afraid of flying and started doing so less .
Instead , they began driving more .
Unfortunately , car travel has a much higher chance of death than air travel .
Researchers have estimated that over 300 more people died in the last months of 2001 because they drove instead of flying .
Another group calculated that for flying to be as dangerous as driving , there would have to be an incident on the scale of 9/11 once a month !
Have your society collapse .
Possibly even more horrifying is the tale of Albania , which had previously been a communist dictatorship but had made considerable financial progress from 1992 to 1997 .
In 1997 , however , one half of the adult population had fallen victim to Ponzi schemes .
In a Ponzi scheme , the investment itself is n't actually making any money , but rather early investors are paid off with the money from late investors , and eventually the system has to collapse when no new investors can be recruited .
But when schemes offering a 30 percent monthly return began to become popular in Albania , competitors offering a 50 - 60 or even a 100 percent monthly return soon showed up , and people could n't resist the temptation .
Eventually both the government and economy of Albania collapsed .
Stanovich describes :
People took out mortgages on their homes in order to participate .
Others sold their homes .
Many put their entire life savings into the schemes .
At their height , an amount equal to 50 percent of the country 's GDP was invested in Ponzi schemes .
Before the schemes collapsed , they actually began to compete with wage income and distort the economy .
For example , one business owner saw his workforce quickly slip from 130 employees to 70 because people began to think they could invest in the Ponzi schemes instead of actually working for their income .
The estimated death toll was between 1,700 and 2,000 .
WASHINGTON  President Obama plans to press Congress today to pass pay - equity legislation that would make it easier for women to sue employers who pay them less than their male counterparts , the White House said Monday .
" Women deserve equal pay , " White House senior adviser Valerie Jarrett said in an interview , citing government statistics that show women earn 77 cents for every dollar men earn .
" It 's a very fundamental right . "
Obama will announce his support for the Paycheck Fairness Act , a bill that has languished in Congress for several years .
In 2007 , President Bush warned he would veto the bill , and it has been stalled by opposition from some Republicans and business groups , including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
The bill passed in the House in 2009 , but did not get through the Senate .
Its prospects there remain unclear .
" The bill is a cruel hoax .
It wo n't empower women who face pay discrimination , but it will empower trial lawyers whose junk lawsuits will clog up the courts and make it hard for businesses to grow and hire , " said Michael Steel , spokesman for House Republican leader John Boehner of Ohio .
The bill would :
• Put gender - based wage discrimination on par with other forms of wage discrimination , such as that based on race , by allowing women to sue for compensatory and punitive damages , rather than just for back pay .
• Limit the legitimate reasons employers can give in court for wage disparities .
• Prohibit employers from retaliating against employees who discuss their wages .
The American Civil Liberties Union , which urges Congress to pass the law , says the measure would provide needed updates to the Equal Pay Act of 1963 , which included only limited enforcement provisions .
" Due to rising unemployment rates , families need to bring home every dollar they rightfully earn , making pay equity even more necessary , not only to families ' economic security but also to the nation 's economic recovery , " the ACLU 's Laura Murphy said in a July 13 letter to senators .
Jarrett called the legislation a needed " companion " to the Lilly Ledbetter Act , signed by Obama in 2009 , days after he took office .
Named for a former Goodyear employee who sued for back wages , the Ledbetter Act extended a 180 - day statute of limitations on workers ' ability to sue for pay discrimination .
Despite opposition from the chamber , Jarrett said she believes most CEOs will support the bill .
" It 's fair , balanced and reasonable , " she said .
A White House task force plans to announce today that the Obama administration will :
• Improve the government 's data collection from businesses to get a better handle on the scope of wage discrimination .
• Close the wage gap among federal employees .
• Promote greater workplace flexibility .
Vice President Biden , noting that two - thirds of households with children are run by working parents , said , " The workplace has , for the most part , not changed to reflect these realities — and it must . "
Are you looking for a drop - dead gorgeous and easy - to - use theme for your WordPress website ?
Check out Elegant Themes .
You 'll be glad you did .
Pin 234 Shares
The world is full of idiots .
You ’re an idiot .
Sorry but it ’s true .
But do n’t worry , I ’m an idiot too and unlike you …I ’m willing to admit it .
I would go so far as too say that everyone ( including me ) slip in and out of idiocy every day without ever noticing the transition .
No matter how smart you are , there are far too many things going on for us to be smart all the time .
Statistically , it ’s inevitable that we all will be idiots part of the time .
The World is Full of Idiots
Here ’s a couple examples to prove my point :
A brand new CEO decides to take a stroll through the offices to prove that he really means business .
He sees a man leaning against wall doing absolutely nothing .
The CEO hones in and seizes this opportunity to show that he will not tolerate slacking .
He approaches the man and asks him how much money he makes per week .
The man responds that he makes about $ 800 so the CEO hands him $ 800 , tells him he ’s fired and points at the door .
After the man walks out he turns to the other employees and says , “ Now someone tell me what this guy ’s job was ! ”
Someone replies , “ He ’s the pizza delivery guy . ”
Another CEO ( probably related to our first ) decided to offer bonuses at the end of the year if the company met at least 5 out of 7 company goals .
When Christmas arrives , he announces that the company only achieved 4 of those goals and that nobody would be receiving any bonuses .
One of the missed goals was employee morale .
It should be obvious from these examples that any dolt can be surprisingly successful .
Ignorantly hand $ 800 to the pizza guy and you might be the perfect candidate to take over a company .
But we ’re talking about blogging today …. not leading a company .
The principle is the same .
We ’re idiots .
You ’re an idiot .
I ’m an idiot .
Do n’t get offended .
You know it ’s true .
How many times have you walked into a room and asked your spouse or a coworker where your keys or sunglasses were and they pointed at your hand and said , “ You ’re holding it , goofy ! ” ?
We live in a world where any idiot can purchase a laptop computer for $ 500 , start writing , and become the next big thing .
I ’m sort of hoping that this trend does n’t change by the time I hit the publish button on this article .
But then again , I guess it did n’t .
Here you are reading this nonsense .
Seven Idiot - Proof Tips to Empower Your Blogging
So you came here for an idiot ’s guide to blogging and that ’s what I have to deliver for you .
Even if you ’re only moderately smarter than a walrus with down syndrome , you can build a powerful blog with the following rules :
Write what you know .
Some of you are writing about making mega cash online in the same way that someone might write a first - hand account of the Donner party based on their experience eating beef jerky .
Use pictures of yourself .
Nothing is cuter than those little organ grinder monkeys wearing a little vest and top hat .
Go ahead and let people know what you look like even if you ’re not as good looking as said monkey .
Define your purpose .
If you had a million of our little monkey friends typing on a million little typewriters then you might eventually produce something amazing like Shakespeare ’s Hamlet and with the randomness with which some of you write that might be the perfect example .
Hone in on something and go after it .
Work hard and be good to your mother .
Work hard and create the best content you possibly can , but in the end your mom is probably the only person who is going to your read your blog so be good to her .
Maybe if you give her a foot rub you can double your page views this week .
Never look directly at the sun .
They make braille keyboards ( I assume ) , but I doubt it ’s as convenient as being able to look at the screen and review what you ’re typing .
The grass is not always greener on the other side … and if it is then it ’s probably because there ’s a leaky septic tank in the neighbor ’s yard .
Write your blog address on your underwear .
When I was a little kid , my grandmother ( who basically raised me ) always used to tell me to be sure to wear clean underwear because you never knew when you might be in a car accident and a doctor would see your underwear .
With that same logic why not advertise your blog on there ?
Okay , so you ’re an idiot .
Who cares ?
Get over it .
We all are …even me .
You can still be an amazing blogger and now you know how .
More than one - in - four of all flowering plants are under threat of extinction according to the latest report to confirm the ongoing destruction of much of the natural world by human activity .
As a result , many of nature 's most colourful specimens could be lost to the world before scientists even discover them , claims the research , published today in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B .
The results reflect similar global studies of other species groups by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature , which estimates that one - in - five of all mammals , nearly one - in - three amphibians and one - in - eight birds are vulnerable to being wiped out completely .
Later this year the results of a huge global analysis of all the world 's estimated up to 400,000 plants by Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew , is due to be published by the IUCN as part of its ongoing mission to assess the state of all life on Earth .
" [ This year ] marks the International Year of Biodiversity , " said Stuart Pimm of Duke University in North Carolina , USA , one of the authors of the report .
" The focus of this celebration has often been on the species we know of , along with discussions on the unprecedented challenge of conserving this biodiversity in the face of threats such as habitat loss .
However , by asking just how many species we will lose before they are even discovered , our study has revealed a figure that is truly alarming . "
The researchers started by carrying out an independent review of how many flowering plants – which make up most of the plant kingdom – exist .
By considering the rate at which new specimens are being described to science , adjusted to reflect the growing number of scientists over the years , and interviewing experts who focus on different groups such as orchids , irises or grasses , the team calculated that on top of the existing " best estimate " of 352,282 flowering plants there are another 10 - 20 % , or 35,000 - 70,000 , which have still to be officially discovered .
The second stage was to assess the level of threats from habitat loss due to clearing land for planting crops or trees , development , or indirect causes such as falling groundwater levels and pollution .
They started with a study published in the journal Endangered Species Research in 2008 , which estimated that one - in - five known species were vulnerable to extinction .
However based on the fact that new species – like recent discoveries – are likely to be found in " biodiversity hotspots " , where there are huge numbers of endemic species which are not widely distributed around the world , and a high level of habitat loss , they estimated that all so - far - undiscovered flowering plants were also at risk .
" If we take the number of species that are currently known to be threatened , and add to that those that are yet to be discovered , we can estimate that between 27 % and 33 % of all flowering plants will be threatened with extinction , " said David Roberts , one of the co-authors , of the Durrell Institute of Conservation and Ecology at the University of Kent .
The paper adds : " These estimates are based on immediate threat , and do not consider further development of destructive factors - including climate disruption . "
The paper 's third , lead , author was Lucas Joppa of Microsoft Research in Cambridge .
The warning comes as there is growing international recognition of the value of the natural world to humans in providing ecosystem services , from flood protection and medicines to spiritual spaces and enjoyment .
" Plants are the basis for much of life on earth with virtually all other species depending on them ; if you get rid of those you get rid of a lot of the things above them , " added Roberts .
From Dangerous Minds : I read this story about a magazine called Lavender ‘ outing ’ an anti-gay Lutheran pastor by crashing his gay ‘ chastity ’ support group with interest and a chuckle this morning .
Pastor Tom Brock , a local radio personality , had notoriously linked a tornado that struck a church and the Minneapolis Convention Center to gay marriage
The story went around the Internet faster than you could say Ted Haggard .
Predictably , the judgement on hypocrite extraordinaire Brock was swift and chock full of schadenfreude .
The Queerty website had this to say : Lutheran Pastor Tom Brock Blamed ELCA ’s Tornado on Homosexuality .
Which , Uh , He Suffers From .
Ouch !
Something The Dog Said has a related diary HERE .
" Pastor " Brock joins a long line of gay , anti-gay conservatives whose closeted lives are no longer so closeted .
His company includes Larry Craig , the anti-gay Republican senator of Minnesota men's - room infamy ; Republican Congressman Mark Foley , whose infamous affinity for male congressional pages is now public ; anti-gay " pastor " Ted Haggard ; and yeah , the list goes on .
I find their cases sad , but have very little sympathy for these men for their active and damaging and hypocritical anti-gay activism .
Classical music pulls at the heartstrings of people in a vegetative state as well as those of healthy listeners .
If you play music to vegetative patients , their heart rate changes in the same way as that of healthy controls , suggesting that music can affect the neural systems of emotion even when conscious thought is impossible .
Francesco Riganello at the Santa Anna Institute in Crotone , Italy , and colleagues played four pieces of classical music to 16 healthy volunteers while measuring their heartbeats .
The team then repeated the experiment with nine people who were in a vegetative state .
In addition , they asked the healthy volunteers to describe the emotions they had felt while listening .
The pieces , each 3 minutes long and by different composers , were chosen because they have different tempos and rhythms – factors previously shown to elicit positive and negative emotions .
Riganello found that the music affected the heart rates of both groups in the same way .
Pieces rated as “ positive ” by healthy volunteers , such as the minuet from Boccherini ’s string quintet in E , slowed heart rate , while “ negative ” pieces like Tchaikovsky ’s sixth symphony increased heart rate .
Advertisement
Cut off
People are medically defined as vegetative when they have no recognisable behavioural responses to external stimuli , says Riganello .
“ Generally it is thought that vegetative patients are isolated from the external world , but maybe this is incorrect . ”
Interestingly , heartbeat patterns detected in people listening to Boccherini ’s music in previous studies indicated that the listeners were becoming relaxed .
Riganello suggests that listening to music may have caused “ some relaxation ” in the vegetative patients .
He believes this reaction originates from the lower regions of the brain , such as the limbic and paralimbic system .
These are known to control emotion and autonomic responses and “ may remain active after extensive brain damage ” .
“ It ’s a nice paper , ” says Ashley Craig , a rehabilitation neuroscientist at the University of Sydney , Australia , who was not involved in the study .
He points out , however , that it does n’t show the vegetative people feel emotions as healthy people do .
Although their basic , automatic brain functions are working , “ that ’s very different ” from the higher cognitive processes required to be conscious and feel emotions , he says .
Alan Harvey at the University of Western Australia in Crawley agrees , but finds it very interesting that “ music has this way of affecting neural systems that process emotion even in the absence of conscious thought ” .
Journal reference : Clinical Neurophysiology , DOI : 10.1016/j.clinph.2010.05.010
( WIRED ) --
Once upon a time , the CIA had to know a militant 's name before putting him up for a robotic targeted killing .
Now , if the guy acts like a guerrilla , it 's enough to call in a drone strike .
It 's another sign of that a once - limited , once - covert program to off senior terrorist leaders has morphed into a full - scale -- if undeclared -- war in Pakistan .
And in a war , you do n't need to know the name of someone on the other side before you take a shot .
Across the border , in Afghanistan , the rules for launching an airstrike have become tighter than a balled fist .
Dropping a bomb from above is now a tactic of last resort ; even when U.S. troops are under fire , commanders are reluctant to authorize air strikes .
In Pakistan , however , the opposite has happened .
Starting in the latter days of the Bush administration , and accelerating under the Obama presidency , drone pilots have become more and more free to launch their weapons .
" You 've had an expanded target set for [ some ] time now and , given the danger these groups pose and their relative inaccessibility , these kinds of strikes -- precise and effective -- have become almost like the cannon fire of this war .
They 're no longer extraordinary or even unusual , " one American official tells CNN .
This official -- like many other officials -- insists that the drone strikes have torn up the ranks of militants .
" The enemy has lost not just operational leaders and facilitators -- people whose names we know -- but formations of fighters and other terrorists , " the official tells the Los Angeles Times .
" We might not always have their names , but ... these are people whose actions over time have made it obvious that they are a threat . "
National security law experts , inside the government and out , are in the middle of an intense debate over whether the remotely piloted attacks are legal .
One leading law professor told Congress last week that the drone operators could be tried for " war crimes , " under certain circumstances .
The State Department 's top lawyer counters that the drone attacks are a legitimate act of self - defense .
The connection between the robotic strikes over there and our safety here appears to be growing , The Pakistani Taliban , who have claimed credit for the botched Times Square bombing , say the car bomb was in retaliation for drone strikes .
But the robotic aircraft are only one component in the war in Pakistan .
American troops are on the ground there , and getting into firefights .
American contractors are operating a fleet of helicopters above .
Higher in the sky are the American drones , flown by the U.S. Air Force and the CIA .
Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT !
Click here !
Copyright 2011 Wired.com .
Were any other species ( of like size and lifespan to humans ) than humans to so populate the world as we do ,
we would be murdering them left and right ...
Yes , the simple lyrical lines of " O mio babbino caro " were heavy going for Renata Scotto by the time she sang all three soprano leads in Puccini's Trittico at the Met in 1981 , but the bigger problem with this clip is that it starts too late and ends too early to allow us to appreciate the real accomplishment of the aria .
TOO MUCH , TOO MUCH
Once I had this whole post laid out , with all the audio files in place , I decided that it was just too much , especially after last night 's preview grew to more properly post length .
So we 're going to table most of the Gianni Schicchi discussion to next week , which will also allow us to do a bit more exploring .
However , you 're still going to hear what I consider the basic minimal representation necessary to make the simplest sense of " O mio babbino caro . "
Then next week we can fit it into the context of this hilarious scene .
1. TOSCA :
" Recondita armonia "
[ ANGELOTTI enters , dressed as a prisoner , torn , disheveled , trembling with fear , almost running .
He gives a quick glance around . ]
ANGELOTTI : Ah !
Finally !
In my dumb terror
I thought I saw a policeman 's jowl in every face .
[ Turns to look around attentively , and calms down as he recognizes the place .
He gives a sigh of relief seeing the column with the basin of holy water and the Madonna . ]
The basin . . . the column . . .
" At the foot of the Madonna , "
my sister wrote me .
[ Advances , searches at the feet of the Madonna , and draws from it , with a muffled cry of joy , a key . ]
Here 's the key , and here 's the chapel .
[ With great care he inserts the key in the lock of the Attavanti Chapel , opens the gate , enters the chapel , recloses , and disppears . ]
SACRISTAN : And always washing !
Each paintbrush is filthy ,
worse than a poor priest 's collar .
Mister painter ! . . .
There !
[ Looks toward the scaffold , where the painting stands , and seeing it deserted exclaims in surprise . ]
No one !
I would have sworn
that the cavalier Cavaradossi had returned .
[ Puts the brushes down , climbs up on the scaffold , looks through the basket , and says : ]
No , I 'm mistaken .
The basket is intact .
[ The Angelus sounds .
The SACRISTAN kneels and prays quietly . ]
SACRISTAN : Angelus Domini nuntiavit Mariae ,
et concepit de Spiritu Sancto .
Ecce ancilla Domini ;
fiat mihi secundum Verbum tuum
et Verbum caro factum est
et habitavit in nobis . . .
[ CAVARADOSSI enters from the side door and sees the SACRISTAN on his knees . ]
CAVARADOSSI : What are you doing ?
SACRISTAN : Reciting the Angelus .
[ CAVARADOSSI mounts the scaffold and uncovers the painting .
It 's a Mary Magdalen with large azure eyes and a great shower of golden hair .
The painter stands mute in front of it , observing attentively .
The SACRISTAN , turning toward CAVARADOSSI to speak to him , sees the uncovered painting and lets out a cry of wonder . ]
SACRISTAN : Holy vessels !
Her portrait !
CAVARADOSSI : Whose ?
SACRISTAN : That unknown woman
who in recent days has come here to pray .
Totally devoted . . . and pious .
[ Motions toward the statue of the Madonna , from which ANGELOTTI earlier removed the key . ]
CAVARADOSSI : It 's true .
And she was so
engrossed in her prayer
that I painted , without her noticing , her beautiful face .
SACRISTAN [ to himself ] : Flee , Satan , flee !
CAVARADOSSI : Give me my paints .
[ The SACRISTAN complies .
CAVARADOSSI paints rapidly , pausing frequently to observe .
The SACRISTAN comes and goes , carrying a small basin in which he continues to wash the paintbrushes .
Suddenly CAVARADOSSI stops painting ; from his pocket he lifts a medalion containing a miniature portrait , and his eyes go from the medalion to the painting . ]
Hidden harmony
of diverse beauties !
Flora is dark ,
my ardent beloved . . .
SACRISTAN [ to himself ] : Joke with knaves , and let the saints be .
CAVARADOSSI : And you , unknown beauty ,
crowned with blond locks ,
you have azure eyes --
Tosca has black eyes .
SACRISTAN [ to himself ] : Joke with knaves , and let the saints be .
CAVARADOSSI : The art in her mystery
blends together the diverse beauties .
But while I 'm painting her ,
My sole thought , Tosca , is you !
SACRISTAN [ to himself , aside ] :
These various skirts
who set themselves in competition with the Madonna
give off the stench of Hell .
Joke with knaves , and let the saints be .
But with these Voltairean dogs ,
enemies of the holy realm ,
there 's no point talking .
Joke with knaves , and let the saints be .
For sure , they 're sinners , the whole lot .
Let us rather make the sign of the cross .
Excellency , shall I go ?
CAVARADOSSI : Do as you please .
[ Continues to paint . ]
SACRISTAN : The basket is full .
Are you serving penitence ?
CAVARADOSSI : I 'm not hungry .
SACRISTAN [ with irony , rubbing his hands ] :
Oh !
I 'm sorry !
[ He ca n't suppress a gesture of joy and a glance of avidity toward the basket , which he picks up and sets aside . ]
Be sure to close up when you leave .
CAVARADOSSI : Go !
SACRISTAN : I 'm going .
[ Goes out at the rear .
CAVARADOSSI , turning his back to the Chapel , works .
ANGELOTTI , believing the church deserted , appears behind the gate and inserts the key to open it . ]
CAVARADOSSI [ turning at the creaking of the lock ] :
There 's someone in there !
2. GIANNI SCHICCHI :
" O mio babbino caro "
The original issue of EMI 's 1958 recording of Gianni Schicchi , from which we 'll hear an excerpt next week , featured this watercolor impression of the title character by none other than Tito Gobbi .
those types ?
NOTHING ! NOTHING ! NOTHING ! " Then something altogether extraordinary happens .
GIANNI SCHICCHI : For the sake of those types ?
NOTHING ! NOTHING !
NOTHING !
LAURETTA : O my dear little daddy ,
I like him , he 's lovely , lovely .
I want to go to the Porta Rossa
to buy a wedding ring !
Yes , yes , I want to go there !
And if I were to love him in vain ,
I would go to the Ponte Vecchio ,
but to throw myself in the Arno !
I 'm pining and I 'm tormented !
O God , I 'd like to die !
Daddy , have pity , have pity !
Daddy , have pity , have pity !
GIANNI SCHICCHI : Give me the will .
Fernando Corena ( bs ) , Gianni Schicchi ; Renata Tebaldi ( s ) , Lauretta ; Orchestra of the Maggio Musicale Fiorentino , Lamberto Gardelli , cond .
Decca , recorded July 1962
By the way , even though we got to hear more of our friend Fernando Corena 's Schicchi here than we did of poor Gabriel Bacquier 's in our post - opening video clip , I expect you 'd like to hear more of what was a wonderful role assumption .
Not to worry , we 're going to hear more next week .
Indeed , when Schicchi arrives , with his beloved Lauretta in tow , he 's treated like dirt by Zita , and is all set to whisk his daughter out of this house of horrors when Rinuccio makes a desperate last appeal to him , even addressing him as " Signor Giovanni . "
Schicchi explodes : " For the sake of ?
NOTHING ! NOTHING ! NOTHING ! " Then something altogether extraordinary happens .
By the way , even though we got to hear more of our friend Fernando Corena 's Schicchi here than we did of poor Gabriel Bacquier 's in our post - opening video clip , I expect you 'd like to hear more of what was a wonderful role assumption .
Not to worry , we 're going to hear more next week .
We have two great Puccini arias on our plate .
It 's not that their greatness is n't acknowledged but that the scope of their achievement is rarely accorded .
In the case of " , " which we began considering in last night 's preview , you will rarely hear proper appreciation for the genius of Puccini 's musico - dramatic construction , of whichis not just a riveting but an inexhaustibly fascinating example .
I can't begin to do justice to this subject , but I think we can at least hear some of the phenomenal care , and of course brilliance , with which just this brief ( a mere 10 minutes ) opening chunk of Act I is put together .
And in the case of the now - inescapable " " from , I argued both in a January 2009 post and in Friday night 's preview that the gush of mawkish sentimentality we normally hear when the piece is ripped out of context both falsifies it and strips it of most of its originality and brilliance , by which it manages , astoudingly , to be at once profoundly moving and side - splittingly funny .
In last night 's preview , we wound up hearing almost the whole scene , or the portion of the scene we 're considering here .
The only " new " music today is the Sacristan 's musically memorable entrance and brief solo scene before the entrance of Cavaradossi .
As it happens , it was this scene in particular -- and in particular the once seeming uniquitousness of -- that got me to thinking about doing some sort of post , which gradually morphed into this one .
Sure enough , today we 're going to hear this portion of Corena 's Sacristan three times over , and that still omits an earlier ( 1952 ) and a later ( 1979 ) recording of the role .
I thought we would begin by breaking the scene down into three component parts :
The desperate fugitive we meet shortly after the curtain rises on the interior of Rome 's church of Sant ' Andrea della Valle will later be identified for us by the painter Mario Cavaradossi as Cesare Angelotti , the onetime consul of the overthrown Roman Republic .
Note that the way the track points are placed on this CD , the Sacristan 's entrance music , which depicts his limping gait as he sets about his morning chores , is tacked onto the Angelotti scene , and this track begins with his first words .
Now Cavaradossi asks the Sacristan for his paints and resumes contemplation of the painting he has been working on , nothing the " recondite harmony " between the " diverse beauties " of his beloved Tosca and the model for the portrait .
As noted , we 're going to hear two more recordings with the then seemingly ubiquitous Fernando Corena as the Sacristan , and the three performances are certainly very different .
The RCA recording has the obvious plus of Bjoerling 's Cavaradossi , but also a much - underrated contribution from conductor Erich Leinsdorf .
Herbert von Karajan 's RCA / Decca recording , made from what has always seemed to me the most satisfying and productive portion of his long career , is for me the most audaciously and most beautifully conductedon records , and I have to say that even with the way Giuseppe di Stefano is heaving that peerless tenor around by 1962 , I prefer his performance here to the one we heard last night , from the widely worshiped 1953 EMI recording .
For me the 1953 EMIis another of those " legendary " recordings ( like thewith Flagstad conducted by Furtwängler , thewith Schwarzkopf conducted by Karajan , theconducted by Klemperer , and theconducted by Böhm ) in which producer EMI Walter Legge hired outstanding and unquestionably appropriate performers ( in this case including also Maria Callas as Tosca and Tito Gobbi as Scarpia , with Victor de Sabata conducting ) and then cajoled , steamrollered and where necessary ( as with the 19 or however many takes it was of the " he forced Gobbi to sing ) browbeat them into giving , notperformances , but his sterile , denatured , middlebrow one .
Somehow listeners through the generations seem to have been snookered into hearing the performers ' reputations rather than the performances that actually made it onto the tapes .
Believe it or not , it is actually possible to perform this sceneFernando Corena .
The version we 're about to hear is in fact from EMI 's stereo remake of Maria Callas 's Tosca , again featuring Tito Gobbi as Scarpia , and while they 're both unquestionably more challenged vocally after the nine - year interval , as suggested above I find the later performances way more alive and grabbing , as indeed I do the performance as a whole .
I might add that our Sacristan here , Giorgio Tadeo , is one of the most appealing I 've heard .
( UPDATE :
The only reason I hedged this , as " one of the most appealing , " is that I had n't bothered to relisten to the performance .
Appealingness is n't a quality often sought by Sacristans -- Tadeo's is clearly the most appealing I 've heard , a really lovely , quite touching piece of work . )
As noted above , we 're going to defer most of ourdiscussion to next week , but I still want you to hear how " " sounds in context .
The wily Gianni Schicchi , you 'll recall , has been sent for by Rinuccio , a nephew of the Donati family , which is grieving over the recent demise of their , um , beloved old Buoso -- but rather more over the discovery that he had made a new will leaving his most valuable possessions to the monks .
Rinuccio has an ulterior motive :
He 's hopelessly in love with Lauretta , the daughter of Schicchi , whom he knows his fearsome Aunt Zita considers a hopeless parvenu , a despised member of the " new " class in the Florence of 1299 .
It 's hardly coincidental that both Schicchi and his daughter are known , not by real names , but by diminutive nicknames -- not Giovanni and Laura but Gianni and Lauretta .
Labels : Gianni Schicchi , Puccini , Sunday Classics , Tosca
CHICAGO – More than 100 activists with the 22nd Ward Independent Political Organization ( IPO ) came together here July 13 at a southwest side cafe to renew the group ’s citywide efforts in creating multi-racial unity for progressive and community empowerment .
The meeting was packed with young and veteran Black , Latino and white activists .
The IPO was founded in the Little Village community in 1983 to advance the needs and basic rights of working families .
The grassroots community based 22nd Ward organization under the leadership of Alderman Ricardo Muñoz has been a leading voice for broad unity , worker ’s rights and political independence throughout the Chicagoland area .
Karen Lewis , newly elected president with the Chicago Teachers Union and leader of the Caucus of Rank and File Educators was a guest speaker at the meeting .
Lewis said because of massive school closings too many students were being forced to relocate .
“ They were ripped from their teachers and their community , ” said Lewis .
We got together to figure out what was going on and we realized that behind the closings was the privatization and gentrification of our neighborhoods , she said .
“ So CORE was born out of this struggle and we became a very progressive caucus by listening to our students , parents and members , ” she said .
We went to every Board of Education meeting and we were able to successfully remove six public schools off the chopping block , notes Lewis .
“ We said no more and we wanted to stop the privatization scheme , which ultimately does n’t have our students best interests at heart , ” she said .
It ’s not right that the business elite is deciding education policies , added Lewis .
“ They steal the joy of learning in public education .
What matters most is that we fight for what ’s ours especially the future of our precious children .
Public education is the best form of democracy because it ’s open and transparent .
And that ’s why Local School Council ’s are so important , ” she said .
“ We need to ensure our voices are heard throughout the corridors of power . ”
Lewis said the CTU under her leadership would continue to fight for “ professional autonomy ” so that teachers who are trained to do their job have a voice at the workplace .
She added that the union would not let student achievement be tied to one single test score and that children should not be vilified by standardized exams .
We will fight against the “ ranking and sorting ” of our children , she said .
Lewis said the union would also ensure that highly qualified teachers instruct every student .
Also at the meeting was Chicago Sun -Times columnist Laura Washington who spoke about the history of the IPO and the 2010 statewide elections .
Washington noted that since the early 1980s IPO leaders and others were instrumental in laying the groundwork for progressive and independent politics on a municipal , county , state and federal level including the election of President Barack Obama .
She also highlighted upcoming important electoral battles including the state ’s gubernatorial and U.S. Senate races .
She congratulated IPO activists for their valiant effort in the Feb .
2nd Illinois primary election that nearly brought Rudy Lozano Jr. to state office in the 23rd legislative district .
Lozano , in his first bid for office lost by 434 votes to state Rep .
Dan Burke , one of the most powerful and politically connected machine families in the state .
Speaking to the crowd Lozano , an educator and community organizer thanked his supporters .
He said not to worry , “ I will be back . ”
Lozano notes his efforts to run again will not be intimidated by the machine ’s attempt to silence an emerging sleeping giant ready to take back the electoral districts on the southwest side .
Also addressing the crowd was Jesus “ Chuy ” Garcia who won in a decisive victory over Mario Moreno in the Democratic primary for Cook County Commissioner of the 7th district .
Garcia , a leader and founding member of the IPO was the first Mexican American elected to the state senate during the 1990s .
“ This last election cycle demonstrated a tremendous amount of community power , ” said Garcia .
“ It was a monumental display that proves our communities will do the right thing . ”
Garcia notes in the 22nd Ward both Lozano and his campaign garnered 75 - 83 percent of the vote over their opponents with the help of 500 volunteers on Election Day .
“ People are ready for an alternative and searching for answers .
Now is the time that we continue to fight for self - determination , political empowerment and multi-racial coalition building , ” he said .
Photo : CTU President , in foreground , speaks to the 22nd Ward Independent Political Organization , as Alderman Rick Muñoz listens in background .
Nutshell
Daddy Warbucks shows
Annie how to develop a more intimate relationship with her loyal pup Sandy .
Keywords
toons
animals
girls
Author
Unknown
Source
Original Owner ( Teddy Petro )
Content
Page 1
No notes available for this page .
Page 2
No notes available for this page .
Page 3
No notes available for this page .
Page 4
No notes available for this page .
Page 5
No notes available for this page .
Page 6
No notes available for this page .
Page 7
No notes available for this page .
There have been some rumblings across the interwebs recently that the Ottawa Senators may be shopping center Jason Spezza and his 7.0 million per year cap hit .
Our SBNation cohort Silver Seven discusses the possibility .
In his article , Peter makes mention of a link to a Bleacher Report article where the author speculates that Florida and Columbus could be the favourites if Spezza were to be dealt .
The Bleacher Report is n't exactly a reputable source , but it does make my head fill with visions of Spezza feeding Rick Nash pucks on a consistent basis .
Before we play armchair GM , let 's look at some facts :
Columbus has more available cap space than any team in the NHL , according to nhlscap.com .
The team that hypothetically acquires Spezza would need to have the room to fit him in .
This does n't take into account an internal budget , which of course the Jackets have .
It 's been noted in the past however that the ownership group would expand the budget if it meant acquiring an asset which could lead to a lengthy run in the playoffs and made sense long term .
Columbus has never had a number one center who is in his prime .
Spezza is just that .
The Jackets are in possession of a valuable commodity : the fourth overall pick .
Columbus and Ottawa have a history of making deals with each other .
( Vermette for Leclaire and a 2nd two deadlines ago )
Spezza is a very good playmaker .
A sublime passer , who when paired with a sniper can do serious damage offensively .
The downside to his game however is in the defensive zone .
His defensive zone play is below average .
Spezza is a guy who needs the puck on his stick .
At the end of the day though , Spezza has the potential to lead this team in scoring , not to mention make a 50 goal man out of Rick Nash .
Now , time for the armchair GM part .
In the BR article , the author mentions a conversation with an Ottawa reporter who endorses the following deal :
Spezza to Columbus for Brassard , the fourth overall pick , and one of Columbus ' second rounders .
If I'm Scott Howson I do this .
Brass still has value and could one day be a natural replacement for Spezza in Ottawa .
The second rounder is a Bryan Murray special - and the big chip is the fourth overall pick .
Columbus is in a position to draft one of the big three blueliners - Fowler , Gudbranson or Gormley .
Given the improved depth and skill level of the defensive pipeline since Howson took over , this pick is somewhat expendable .
Especially if it 's dealt for a franchise center .
This is all speculation , but as they say - where there 's smoke , there 's fire .
Color me a happy fan if Spezza becomes a Blue Jacket , especially if he 's acquired for the speculated package in the BR article .
Product Not Found
The Requested Product Is Currently Not Available
Please shop our product catalog to find the product you need .
If you need additional help , please contact us & we 'll be happy to help you Get Connected !
Return Home Shop Products
To listen to the mayoral candidates , Toronto is on the verge of collapse .
As one of the more prominent among them likes to say , “ The party ’s over . ”
Let ’s hope not .
Such a dreary vision from a man - who - would - be - mayor bodes ill for the city , especially since dreariness can be a self - fulfilling prophesy .
No question Toronto has problems : Council needs fixing — it ’s dysfunctional .
And no question our financial house is not in order ; we spend more than we make — all of us .
But through it all , Toronto lurches along regardless .
It ’s no surprise civic politics are on everyone ’s mind during a municipal election , but in truth leadership is all around us .
During the last decade and with minimal help from the city , for example , the cultural sector transformed Toronto from top to bottom .
The Art Gallery of Ontario , Royal Ontario Museum , Gardiner Museum , National Ballet School , Ontario College of Art and Design and others have redrawn the face of the city .
And despite general cynicism about waterfront revitalization , it is slowly but surely unfolding .
With the imminent completion of Sugar Beach and Sherbourne Common , an exciting and innovative vision of Toronto is emerging in a precinct we neglected for decades .
There are those who would tell us we ca n’t afford parks and beaches , that they are frivolous , and a waste of the city ’s most valuable resource — money .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Because of these investments , private developers will spend billions on the waterfront in the years ahead .
That process is well underway and land that had little or no value is starting to become desirable .
Let ’s hope that party never ends .
Even the infamous Lower Donlands ice facility has apparently been saved from banality through the application of intelligent and innovative thinking .
Perhaps , the city is n’t so brain dead after all ?
The new proposal , revealed last week , is reason for optimism .
Then to top if off , work began last week on revamping Jarvis St. Certain candidates railed on cue , but , frankly , who cares ?
Voices of the past are louder than ever in Toronto these days .
That should come as no surprise ; times of change bring out the best in some , the worst in others .
The G20 fiasco did n’t help ; extreme behaviour on both sides — protestors and police — exacerbated divisions within the city and created feelings of self - doubt that went beyond Toronto ’s traditional inferiority complex .
But think of the remake of Regent Park , a triumph for the much - maligned Toronto Community Housing .
And through all the shouting and screaming , plans for Lawrence Heights could similarly transform that troubled neighbourhood .
Fortunately , the city carries on regardless .
Not even an inept council can squelch the energy , though too often it seems to do its best to slow it down .
In many ways , council has become a parallel universe , almost irrelevant .
Just ask John Tory , the - man - who - could - be - mayor - but - has - better - things - to - do - with - his - time .
The thing about this election is that the focus on politics has stifled discussion of the city .
The debate has yet to get beyond council .
So far , no candidate has bothered to offer a compelling vision of Toronto .
Indeed , to listen to the ranting of some of the more hysterical participants , you ’d think the only issue is Kyle Rae ’s good - bye party .
Get over it .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Regardless of who becomes mayor in October , he or she can look forward to one certain pleasure : Sitting in their office at City Hall right beside the council chamber ’s new green roof , a modest reminder of where the future lies .
We know that ’s something each and every one of them would relish .
Christopher Hume can be reached at chume@thestar.ca
Read more about :
blade55555 Profile Blog Joined March 2009 United States 17375 Posts # 1021
Ah I can't wait to qualify for the ITL :D
When I think of something else , something will go here
Diamond Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 9882 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-12 01:13:01 # 1022 On July 10 2010 16:34 G3nXsiS wrote :
Hmm just a suggestion but is there any chance that you guys can do it earlier in the day because I know theres alot of people that are going to be watching the Evolution 2010 street fighter 4 finals .
I am shooting for a 6 PM EST start time .
Unfortunately due to the influx of both SC2 and non SC2 events I will not be able to schedule around every event .
I will keep this thread updated as I sent a message out to Raelcun and Joseki .
I am shooting for a 6 PM EST start time .
Unfortunately due to the influx of both SC2 and non SC2 events I will not be able to schedule around every event .
I will keep this thread updated as I sent a message out to Raelcun and Joseki .
ITL 12 : inControl vs. HuK
7/11/10
6 PM EST
ITL Championship Match
inControl vs. HuK
Co-Main Event :
Sheth vs. TT1
Main Card :
LzGaMeR vs. Sinatra
Machine vs. Roboferret
Ryan vs. CowsRule
This IsJimmy vs. Mirhi
QXC vs. Haypro
Map Order For ITL 12
Game 1 : Steppes of War
Game 2 : Lost Temple
Game 3 : Fighting Spirit
Game 4 : Destination
Game 5 : Metalopolis
Ballistix Gaming Global Gaming / Esports Marketing Manager - twitter.com/esvdiamond
Diamond Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 9882 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-10 23:42:06 # 1023 !
Also there is going to be some pretty big announcements tomorrow during the broadcast !
Edit :
Also the starting time is at 6 PM EST now !
Ok Copperhead wo n't be able to make it so it is now LzGaMeR vs. SUGGYAlso there is going to be some pretty big announcements tomorrow during the broadcast !
Edit :
Also the starting time is at 6 PM EST now !
Ballistix Gaming Global Gaming / Esports Marketing Manager - twitter.com/esvdiamond
Gescom Profile Joined February 2010 Canada 2874 Posts # 1024
Looking forward to it !
^^ Jaedong Hyuk || Bisu Jangbi || Fantasy Flash
Lokgar Profile Blog Joined June 2010 United States 146 Posts # 1025
Man I can't wait .
Cleared my schedule to watch this .
ESV replay guy .
I guess .
Maybe .
Diamond Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 9882 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-11 14:38:04 # 1026 ....
So he has been replaced and the new match up is Machine vs. Roboferret .
Edit :
Map Order For ITL 12
Game 1 : Steppes of War
Game 2 : Lost Temple
Game 3 : Fighting Spirit
Game 4 : Destination
Game 5 : Metalopolis
So Tarson has to work tonight ....
So he has been replaced and the new match up is Machine vs. Roboferret .
Edit : Game 1 : Steppes of WarGame 2 : Lost TempleGame 3 : Fighting SpiritGame 4 : DestinationGame 5 : Metalopolis Ballistix Gaming Global Gaming / Esports Marketing Manager - twitter.com/esvdiamond
Otter992 Profile Joined April 2010 United States 31 Posts # 1027 On July 11 2010 23:34 iCCup .
Diamond wrote :
So Tarson has to work tonight ....
So he has been replaced and the new match up is Machine vs. Roboferret .
This line up is just getting better and better !
cant wait to watch it =]
[ QUOTE ]
So Tarson has to work tonight ....
So he has been replaced and the new match up is Machine vs. Roboferret .
This line up is just getting better and better !
cant wait to watch it =]
Dukat Profile Joined April 2009 United States 235 Posts # 1028
Man
I hope the mobile ustream app can handle this .
Otherwise I 'll have to snag my dad 's computer to watch this .
RyanRushia Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 2626 Posts # 1029
Poll : inControl vs HuK ?
HuK ( 15 )
79 %
inControl ( 4 )
21 %
19 total votes ( 15)79 % ( 4) 21%19 total votes Your vote : inControl vs HuK ? ( Vote ) : inControl
( Vote ) : HuK
Poll : Sheth vs Nani ?
Sheth ( 10 )
77 %
Nani ( 3 )
23 %
13 total votes ( 10 ) 77 % ( 3) 23%13 total votes
Your vote : Sheth vs Nani ? ( Vote ) : Sheth
( Vote ) : Nani
Poll : LzGaMeR vs SUGGY ?
LzGaMeR ( 8 )
57 %
SUGGY ( 6 )
43 %
14 total votes ( 8)57 % ( 6) 43%14 total votes Your vote : LzGaMeR vs SUGGY ? ( Vote ) : LzGaMeR
( Vote ) : SUGGY
Poll : Machine vs Roboferret ?
Machine ( 9 )
75 %
Roboferret ( 3 )
25 %
12 total votes ( 9)75 % ( 3) 25%12 total votes Your vote : Machine vs Roboferret ?
( Vote ) : Machine
( Vote ) : Roboferret
Poll : This IsJimmy vs Mirhi ?
ThisIsJimmy ( 5 )
63 %
Mirhi ( 3 )
38 %
8 total votes ( 5)63 % ( 3) 38 % 8 total votes Your vote : This IsJimmy vs Mirhi ? ( Vote ) : ThisIsJimmy
( Vote ) : Mirhi
Poll : Ryan vs CowsRule ?
CowsRule ( 5 )
56 %
Ryan ( 4 )
44 %
9 total votes ( 5)56 % ( 4) 44% 9 total votes Your vote : Ryan vs CowsRule ? ( Vote ) : Ryan
( Vote ) : CowsRule
Poll : QXC vs Haypro ?
QXC ( 10 )
77 %
Haypro ( 3 )
23 %
13 total votes ( 10 ) 77 % ( 3) 23%13 total votes
Your vote : QXC vs Haypro ? ( Vote ) : QXC
( Vote ) : Haypro
Poll Time for ITL # 12 !
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free .
| coL. Ryan | www.twitter.com/coL_RyanR
Diamond Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 9882 Posts # 1030
Have n't heard from Nani yet .
If anyone knows him plz remind him he is playing tonight !
I do n't want to miss that grudge match .
Ballistix Gaming Global Gaming / Esports Marketing Manager - twitter.com/esvdiamond
Alou Profile Blog Joined March 2010 United States 3747 Posts # 1031
Raelcun is going live soon !
Be sure to tune in !
Going to be a great night .
Life is Good .
Alou Profile Blog Joined March 2010 United States 3747 Posts # 1032
uStream Link !!
Be sure to tune in !
We are live !
Be sure to tune in !
Life is Good .
Antimage Profile Blog Joined March 2010 Canada 1292 Posts # 1033
Go qxc , sheth , mirhi !!
Monzterg Profile Joined July 2009 Sweden 257 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-11 22:15:59 # 1034
This event is really sandbox .
Im already watching a 15 min delay and the announcement from the administrators is that we have to wait for QXC to finish up a LADDER GAME ?
Really sandbox guys !
plz try to make things a little bit serious if you 're going to make it public here on teamliquid .
Diamond Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 9882 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-11 22:18:45 # 1035 On July 12 2010 07:13 Monzterg wrote :
This event is really sandbox .
Im already watching a 15 min delay and the announcement from the administrators is that we have to wait for QXC to finish up a LADDER GAME ?
Really sandbox guys !
plz try to make things a little bit serious if you 're going to make it public here on teamliquid .
LOL what the hell are you talking about .
We were like 2 minutes late ....
Edit :
For example we are 18 minutes after the start time and Haypro is already at Hive tech about to start making ultras .
LOL what the hell are you talking about .
We were like 2 minutes late .... Edit :
For example we are 18 minutes after the start time and Haypro is already at Hive tech about to start making ultras .
Ballistix Gaming Global Gaming / Esports Marketing Manager - twitter.com/esvdiamond
Alou Profile Blog Joined March 2010 United States 3747 Posts # 1036 On July 12 2010 07:13 Monzterg wrote :
This event is really sandbox .
Im already watching a 15 min delay and the announcement from the administrators is that we have to wait for QXC to finish up a LADDER GAME ?
Really sandbox guys !
plz try to make things a little bit serious if you 're going to make it public here on teamliquid .
We started the stream early to make sure everything was working properly so the viewers could have the best experience .
We let people know we were starting at 6 Est .
We then waited a few minutes for QXC so he could finish his ladder game .
We delayed the event a few minutes so our busy players could finish what they are doing .
We 've done this 12 times now and we are definitely one of the more professional toned casts .
Please stop complaining and just enjoy the games .
We started the stream early to make sure everything was working properly so the viewers could have the best experience .
We let people know we were starting at 6 Est .
We then waited a few minutes for QXC so he could finish his ladder game .
We delayed the event a few minutes so our busy players could finish what they are doing .
We 've done this 12 times now and we are definitely one of the more professional toned casts .
Please stop complaining and just enjoy the games .
Life is Good .
blade55555 Profile Blog Joined March 2009 United States 17375 Posts # 1037
Go go Ryan i'll watch the vods when I get back from work < 3 .
I am so sad I do n't get to see Ryan beating CowsruleGo go Ryan i'll watch the vods when I get back from work < 3 .
When I think of something else , something will go here
rS.Sinatra Profile Joined May 2010 Canada 785 Posts # 1038 i'd say sign me up .. but i have a feeling i've already been signed up many times T_T www.rsgaming.com
Diamond Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 9882 Posts # 1039
Small change .
SUGGY is out and LzGaMeR is now playing Sinatra .
Ballistix Gaming Global Gaming / Esports Marketing Manager - twitter.com/esvdiamond
Diamond Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 9882 Posts # 1040 !
Where o' where could Nani be ?
After all that shit talk he better show up tonight Ballistix Gaming Global Gaming / Esports Marketing Manager - twitter.com/esvdiamond
Prev 1 50 51 52 53 54 74 Next
MOVIE buffs got a kick overnight when it was revealed they were living in the future imagined by one of their favourite films .
Yesterday 's calendar date — July 5 , 2010 — was said to be the target entered by Dr Emmett " Doc " Brown into the DeLorean time machine in Back to the Future .
The revelation was enough to make the film 's title a trending topic on Twitter and one of the most searched - for phrases on Google .
The only problem was that the date was wrong .
July 5 , 2010 does not appear in any of the Back to the Future films .
The Daily What blog broke the news , with the headline " Fake Fakery Of The Day " , by showing a compilation of all the dates entered into the DeLorean .
So how did everyone get it so wrong ?
Rather than a deliberate hoax , the false date appears to be the product of a mistake by staff at a film magazine in the UK .
Someone at Total Film last night posted to Twitter that the date was " Future Day " .
" Great Scott !
It 's Future Day !
In Back to the Future , Doc Brown sets the time circuits for 25 yrs in the future .. that day is today ! , " wrote @totalfilm .
About four hours later , the magazine seemed to realise its mistake and posted a sarcastic update about it .
" Many of you do n't believe 5/7/10 is mentioned in Back to the Future .
So here 's proof we totally did n't Photoshop , " it said .
It linked to what looked like a screenshot from the film , showing the DeLorean time control panel with the date July 5 , 2010 .
But underneath , the caption read : " We got it wrong .
Apparently 5th July 2010 is n't mentioned in Back to the Future .
So we went back and changed it ... "
In other words , the image was digitally altered to show that date .
Read Total Film 's explanation of how Twitter turned their mistake into the ' truth '
That means film fans will have to wait another few years for the next suitable " Future Day " , on October 21 , 2015 .
That 's the day the main characters find themselves on at the beginning of the second film .
However disappointed Back to the Future fans can still celebrate something about July 5 .
That day is the birthday of actress Claudia Wells , who played Marty McFly 's girlfriend Jennifer Parker in the first film .
Wells was replaced by Elisabeth Shue in the second two films .
This past weekend also marked the film 's 25th anniversary .
It was released in the US on July 3 , 1985 .
This is the first in a series examining life in three pairs of sister cities along the Texas - Mexico border and how residents on both sides of the line are affected by the bloody drug war .
Three twentysomethings sway on stage , belting out a spirited , if off - key , version of Abba ’s “ Dancing Queen . ”
A packed crowd sings along , sipping beer and cocktails as the lyrics scroll by on TV screens across the bar .
It ’s a Thursday night during Holy Week , and this El Paso karaoke bar , Il Cantö , is one of several new nightclubs and restaurants hopping with patrons from both sides of the Rio Grande .
El Paso never used to be so hip ; the nightlife in Juárez , just across the border , had always outshined that of its comparatively plain sister city .
But as the savage drug war rages on there , both the fun and the business have fled — following the customers .
Juarenses do n’t go out at night .
Tourists do n’t come at all .
With the streets empty and their cash registers quiet , many restaurant , nightclub and small - business owners have moved to El Paso , bringing the sleepy city a vibrant new culture and an economic boost .
In a tragic irony , a measure of El Paso ’s recent fortune results directly from the suffering of its sister city .
The economic jolt from Juárez refugees comes as El Paso reaps the payoff from years of planning and pleading for recognition .
Some 24,000 new soldiers are moving to Fort Bliss , and a massive new medical complex is sprouting , along with billions in infrastructure to accommodate the unprecedented growth .
“ While the rest of the country is calling this the ‘ Great Recession , ’ we ’re calling it the ‘ recession that ’s making us great , ’ ” says El Paso Mayor John Cook .
But experts warn that El Paso leaders rely on Juárez ’s demise at their own peril .
Ultimately , as Juárez goes , so goes El Paso , they say .
If the Mexican city ’s expansive maquila industry collapses , it could bury a significant portion of El Paso ’s newfound prosperity .
“ El Paso had better be looking at a potential resolution of the problems in Juárez , ” says Tony Payan , a political science professor at the University of Texas at El Paso , “ because El Paso is dependent on Juárez — not the other way around . ”
Exodus
Since drug violence exploded in Juárez in 2008 , at least 5,400 people have been killed in the city of 1.3 million , according to the most recent data available from the Chihuahua state attorney general 's office in Mexico .
It ’s nearly impossible to precisely count how many Juarenses have fled , or to know exactly why , because the bloodshed in Juárez has reached a crescendo almost simultaneously with the onset of a worldwide recession .
Estimates of the Juárez exodus range from about 100,000 to nearly a half - million .
Outgoing Juárez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz says that as many as 20,000 homes in his city have been abandoned .
In the once - bustling Pronaf district , “ se vende ” ( for sale ) signs hang from the eaves of shuttered boutiques , restaurants and nightclubs .
The same for - sale signs hang from the barred windows of ritzy estates in the upscale Campestre neighborhood .
Reyes Ferriz estimates that about 100,000 people have left Juárez .
The ailing economy , he says , has driven away more of them than the slaughter .
“ I think when they get the opportunity to work , they ’ll probably be back , ” he says .
Other estimates , from UTEP ’s Payan and a study from the Universidad Autónoma de Ciudad Juárez , put the exodus from Juárez at closer to 500,000 people — nearly 40 percent of the population .
Before the daily executions , Juárez was perhaps best known for its massive maquila industry .
Factories that produce parts for American products ranging from televisions to cars to computers employ thousands of workers from both sides of the border .
About 100,000 workers per year once migrated from southern parts of Mexico to Juárez for factory work , Reyes Ferriz says .
Nearly two - thirds of Juárez residents , he says , were born someplace else .
But when the international economy soured , so did the maquilas .
In a city that once boasted almost no unemployment , Reyes Ferriz says , about 20 percent of Juarenses are out of work .
While some have fled north to seek safety and prosperity in America , many more have gone back to their homes in southern Mexico , Reyes Ferriz says .
There , they can find support from the families they left behind .
Garden of eating
Before the bloodletting , food and entertainment provided another engine for the Juárez economy , in places frequented by Americans , including many El Pasoans — who considered Juárez just another neighborhood in their binational community .
Now , the faces that remain in the Mercado and Pronaf districts are primarily those of Juarenses .
And they can be seen only in daylight .
But at 9 o’clock on a Thursday night in El Paso ’s Union Plaza , John Geske ’s new restaurant , The Garden , teems with young people sipping mojitos and margaritas and sharing colorful sushi rolls .
The band plays a Sade cover as men in designer jeans and women in shiny tops tap out texts on smartphones .
“ We ’ve gained so much momentum , ” Geske says , setting aside his beer to chat .
Gone are the days when Geske , like so many El Pasoans , partied in Juárez .
“ It ’s like the wild , wild west over there , ” he says .
That ’s been good for business here .
Saturdays at The Garden are slammed , as is lunch every day .
Even with the increased traffic , though , Geske says restaurants and clubs in El Paso will never be able to replicate the nightlife in Juárez .
Part of the allure was the service , bred from a system in which workers made only tips .
Staff rushed to open doors and plop fresh drinks in front of customers before they had to ask , a luxury El Paso business owners could never afford to recreate .
But that has n’t slowed the blossoming of El Paso ’s nightlife .
Upscale clubs and restaurants like Maria Chuchena , Aroma and Il Cantö , have moved from Juárez to El Paso .
David Maese and his business partner closed their karaoke bar in Juárez and reopened Il Cantö near the UTEP campus last fall .
The club plays almost exclusively Mexican music — catering to the many Juarenses who now come to El Paso to party because it 's too scary to venture out at night at home .
A few blocks away on Mesa Street is Aroma Restaurant , where Luis Martinez welcomes guests in the dark , candle - lit dining room .
“ Here in El Paso , especially for the restaurant business , it ’s good lately , ” he says .
“ Any kind of business in Juárez is difficult to operate now . ”
Executive immigration
The economic boost transcends the party scene , says Richard Dayoub , CEO of the Greater El Paso Chamber of Commerce .
He estimates that about 30,000 Juarenses have moved here .
“ They ’re lawyers , accountants ; they ’re business owners who run their businesses by computer , by telephone , or both , and manage their operations from here for safety reasons , ” Dayoub says .
Business owners ca n’t go to work in Juárez without running the risk of getting kidnapped or shot .
And it ’s not just the cartels .
A secondary criminal element has sprouted in the chaos , kidnapping and carjacking with impunity while Mexican military and police are tied up fighting ( or cooperating with ) the cartels .
“ That has become more than a cottage industry , ” he says .
“ We ’re talking about a lot of people and a lot of money . ”
Cindy Ramos - Davidson , CEO of the El Paso Hispanic Chamber of Commerce , says she ’s seen about a 40 - percent increase in clients from all over Mexico .
“ We ’re seeing a lot of family - owned companies that want to [ move to the U.S. ] for their families , ” she says .
Ramos - Davidson estimates she ’s seen about 400 new small businesses , each bringing about five to 10 job opportunities , though its unclear whether the jobs are permanent .
Many Mexican business owners , she says , are keeping their shops south of the river in hopes of returning when security and the economy there improve .
“ It ’s not like El Paso is going to be dependent on Mexican business , ” she says .
Meanwhile , El Paso enjoys an unprecedented growth spurt for reasons having nothing to do with the troubles to the south .
Some 24,000 new soldiers , along with their families , are being stationed at the Army ’s Fort Bliss .
The base was among the biggest winners in the nation after the 2005 Base Realignment and Closure Commission ’s decision to rearrange military forces around the world .
The new troops will boost the base ’s economic impact on El Paso from $ 1.5 billion per year to more than $ 5 billion .
Another $ 1.5 billion in economic impact , and some 500 new jobs , are expected from the new four - year medical school , the Texas Tech University Paul L. Foster School of Medicine , where the first class of doctors started school last fall .
The city won state investment for the project in 2007 after nearly a decade of pressuring state lawmakers .
Because of its relatively low unemployment and solid housing market , El Paso was ranked the 11th most recession - resilient city in America by the Brookings Institute last month .
The new troops and their families , along with the Juárez refugees , Dayoub says , filled apartments to a 98 - percent occupancy rate , and the city needs some 6,000 units to accommodate new residents .
“ Sadly , it ’s been good for El Paso at the expense of Mexico , and I mean that sincerely .
I think it ’s tragic , ” Dayoub says .
“ It ’s destroying their economy , and , however inadvertent , however unintended , there ’s a positive benefit to El Paso ’s economy . ”
Intertwined fates
That benefit is hard to quantify , but most agree it represents a sizeable factor in a much larger expansion .
“ It ’s temporary , it ’s partial — and it ’s rather small compared to how El Paso would profit if Juárez ever recovered , ” says UTEP ’s Tony Payan .
He worries that the violence will lead to a collapse of the maquilas in Juárez .
The city has 300 manufacturing facilities that make parts and products , primarily for U.S. companies .
Nearly a quarter of all trade between the U.S. and Mexico crosses through the El Paso / Juárez border ports , according to the El Paso Regional Economic Development Corporation .
The maquilas employed more than 168,000 workers from both sides of the border in 2006 .
Since then , though , the facilities have laid off some 40,000 to 60,000 workers .
“ When that industry collapses , then El Paso is dragged down , ” Payan says .
But that ’s not likely to happen , says Alan Russell , president and CEO of Tecma Group , which has 4,000 employees in 20 maquilas in four Mexican cities , including Juárez .
Job losses at the facilities , he says , have nothing to do with the Mexican drug war and everything to do with the U.S. economic downturn .
Nearly one - third of the maquilas in Juárez produce parts for the U.S. automotive industry .
“ There ’s an old saying that when the U.S. gets a cold , Mexico gets the flu , ” Russell says .
“ But the U.S. got worse than a cold , so the economic impact in Mexico has just been horrific . ”
Maquila employees have not been the targets of cartel violence , Russell says .
Unlike many small business owners , maquila owners do n’t live in Juárez , so they ca n’t be easily followed and extorted .
It helps , too , that the companies are primarily American - owned , making criminals wary of potential repercussions .
What ’s more , the factories are restoring some of their workforce , now that the U.S. economy has started to recover .
Russell hopes an economic upturn in Juárez will eventually help reduce the bloodshed .
If more people have jobs and steady income , Russell says , fewer will turn to the drug trade .
When that happens , Juarenses will return home , and they ’ll bring back with them that raucous nightlife , those famous restaurants and the cultural and economic benefits that have migrated across the border to El Paso .
“ Everything goes in cycles , ” he says .
This cycle , though , may take some time to run its course , says UTEP ’s Payan .
As long as the cartels battle one another and the government to preserve their drug profits , and as long as the Mexican government proves powerless to stop them , the bloodshed will continue .
“ The city will have to be rebuilt from the ground up , ” he says , “ and hopefully Juarenses have courage to rebuild it . ”
Hits : 2,057,393 Added 2010-07-26
The Voluptuous London Andrews repping Austin Texas making her debut WSHH Candy visual
Music by : Gucci Mane ( Feat .
Rocko , Oj Da Juiceman , Waka Flocka , Shawty Lo , Yo Gotti & Nicki Minaj ) - Coca Coca
Check out all the WSHH Candy if you missed them by The Voluptuous London Andrews repping Austin Texas making her debut WSHH Candy visualMusic by : Gucci Mane ( Feat .
Rocko , Oj Da Juiceman , Waka Flocka , Shawty Lo , Yo Gotti & Nicki Minaj ) - Coca CocaCheck out all the WSHH Candy if you missed them by Clicking Here URL Embed
11 Literary Holidays That Every Book Lover Should Know
If you 're a literature lover , you should take every opportunity you can to revel in your love of good books .
Luckily , there are a few days or weeks set aside in the year that promote doing just that .
Here are some fun and educational holidays that will let you appreciate great works of literature , spend time at your library and even help you create some writing of your own .
2 Girls 1
Cup may be the most notorious internet porn video of this generation , portraying two girls doing hideously disgusting things with one cup and some unsavory bodily functions .
Seriously NSFW ( Wikipedia link ) .
Google it in private if you must .
So when a Glasgow woman found out that her fourteen - year - old daughter had tried to find the clip online after Coca - Cola posted " I watched 2 Girls 1 Cup and felt hungry afterwards " as the teen 's Facebook status to promote Dr. Pepper , Mom was , understandably , a little upset .
The stunt was part of a social media campaign in which Coca - Cola , the parent company of Dr. Pepper , hijacked participants ' statuses , posting Dr. Pepper - promoting updates , in exchange for a chance to win $ 1000 every week .
Why any marketing group thought a status update stating , " I watched 2 Girls 1 Cup and felt hungry afterwards " would convince consumers to drink Dr. Pepper is anyone 's guess .
The only thing that phrase makes us want to do is gag .
Coca - Cola offered the woman and her daughter concert tickets and a night in a London hotel as compensation , which were flatly refused , given the pair would have to travel to use the prize .
The campaign has been apologetically pulled , but the real victory probably goes to Coca - Cola on this one - all press is good press , and people on both sides of the fence will be talking about Dr. Pepper for days .
Many of The Rolling Stones ’ pre-1966 hits were never released in stereo .
For example Satisfaction , although originally recorded in stereo , was released only in monophonic sound .
In the mid-80s a true stereo version of Satisfaction appeared on Japanese and German editions of Hot Rocks 1964 - 67 , which are long out of print .
They ’re available from collectors , but expensive .
In this true stereo version of Satisfaction , you can hear instruments that were mostly inaudible on the mono version .
Brian Jones acoustic guitar ( left channel ) and Jack Nitzsche ’s piano are now much more present , particularly Brian ’s guitar .
We ’re so accustomed to hearing the mono mix , that at first , the stereo mix seems too airy , the stereo spread too wide , the result slightly flabby and lacking punch .
We miss the stripped down , punky , intense edge of the mono version .
But , after repeated listening , the stereo version yields its own charms , a different but satisfying ( pun intended ) , experience .
If for no other reason than to hear Brian ’s guitar with such clarity , the true stereo version of Satisfaction is a great discovery .
Edin Dzeko would be a dream signing for Juventus , according to the Italian club 's general director , Giuseppe Marotta .
Dzeko , who has scored 62 league goals over the last two seasons to become one of the most in - demand strikers in Europe , is looking to leave Wolfsburg and has attracted interest from several leading European teams .
He was previously wanted by Milan , while Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini has expressed a wish to bring the Bosnia - Herzegovina international to the Premier League .
" Dzeko ?
It 's the dream that I 'm working on , " said Marotta in the Turin - based sports newspaper Tuttosport .
" He is one of the best strikers in the world and clearly he is an object of our desire .
It 's true that we are negotiating and I have spoken to them [ Wolfsburg ] but they are asking for a lot and we are trying to follow the cheaper option .
They like some of our players but we know that what you buy is not always better than what you sell . "
It seemed earlier this summer that the 24 - year - old , the Bundesliga 's top scorer last season , would remain at Wolfsburg for at least another year after a 1 June deadline to meet a € 40 m ( £ 33 m ) release clause in his contract passed .
Marotta insists
Juve will not lose the plot in the transfer market .
" We will nevertheless be rational , " he said .
" In today 's transfer market you cannot go mad financially . "
Varen doe je Samen !
Ga je het water op ?
Hoe zijn de weersverwachtingen ?
Is je boot in orde ?
Kaarten en almanak aan boord ?
Heb je stremmingen en andere actuele vaarweginformatie gecheckt ?
Ken je de vaarregels ?
Alles wat nodig is voor een goed voorbereide vaartocht .
Dat vind je op deze website .
Gemakkelijk vindbaar .
Met veel interessante achtergrondinformatie , met kaarten en apps .
Leuk om te weten , leuk om te leren en essentieel om te doen .
Voor watersporters op alle niveaus en voor beroepsschippers .
Veilig varen , meer vaarplezier .
Natuurlijk doe jij ook mee !
Dat is waar ‘ Varen doe je Samen ! ’ voor gaat .
Ofer Malls teams up with One in Nine for Breast Cancer Month
The color pink is meant to raise awareness of breast cancer and the importance of early detection of the disease .
As progressives and academics it is very easy to dismiss the rhetorical mudslinging of performance - based news hosts such as Bill O’Reily and Glenn Beck as irrational and ill - informed .
Aware of the game they are playing , we ’re reluctant to give them the outraged response that , ipso facto , fuels their agenda .
Seeking more erudite modes of engagement , we slouch uncomfortably into our favorite coffee shop couch while , despite our deepest wishes , their game goes on .
Sometimes , however , these propagandists strike a nerve so close to home that not responding seems the greatest injustice .
Last Tuesday , Glenn Beck dedicated an entire episode to attacking liberation theology and one of its greatest proponents , James Cone .
Linking Cone ’s groundbreaking Black Theology and Black Power to the killing of “ cracker babies , ” Beck sought to show how liberation theology was both a perversion of the message of Christianity and a purveyor of radical evils .
In a simplistic bifurcation , Beck contrasted liberation theology to his own view of what he called “ traditional Christianity . ”
He claimed that salvation was a strictly personal affair and that there were no “ works ” we could do to receive the grace of God.
Central to his concern was that liberation theology promoted “ collective salvation ” and resulted in communism and redistribution of wealth .
On his infamous chalkboard he drew lines from James Cone to the Black Panthers , then to Reverend Jeremiah Wright , then Marx , then , you guessed it , President Obama and immigrants .
Chalk lines , however , are easily erased .
But as the news and reaction to this show began to spill off the Facebook pages of James Cone ’s students into the halls of Union Theological Seminary , it quickly became apparent that erasing these chalk lines and pointing out the obvious — that Glenn Beck took Cone out of context , that he repeatedly contradicts himself , that he knows nothing about the Bible or liberation theology , and so on — was too easy , and even non-productive .
While such statements are undoubtedly true , might we avoid his mudslinging and ask ourselves what we can learn from Glenn Beck and his appeal ?
This was the question that I was seeking to answer as I sat down with Union ’s President Serene Jones and a group of students to discuss the appropriate way to address this attack on our beloved professor of liberation theology .
Given the fact that a response is what he wants and will ultimately lead to no real dialogue , why is it important to respond to Glenn Beck ’s attack on liberation theology and James Cone ?
The reason why he just ca n’t get away with doing this with no response whatsoever is that not only is there the argument he is making on television , there is also all the unspoken but evident racist , sexist , and fascist sensibilities that he is playing to in our country .
The real challenge is to effectively engage those sentiments and that may mean engaging him directly or taking other directions .
Throughout the show , Beck continually claims that this has nothing to do with race .
Is it safe to assume that he means what he says , and that his fear stems from a more generalized xenophobia and fear of the other ?
Perhaps you could call it xenophobia .
But I read it more as an appeal to some of our most vulnerable and troubling instincts as human beings .
When the world seems uncertain and unsteady , we want to stabilize it by figuring out who we can hate so that our world becomes stabilized by making us the good guy .
He plays to that sentiment .
This is where the racism , sexism , and fascism come in .
They appeal to all of those unconscious fears that we have and they run the spectrum .
Racism is always just a general subcategory of playing on that fear .
Glenn Beck obviously has a large following , many of which may be the very poor and oppressed that liberation theology seeks to speak to .
In what ways might progressive Christianity seek these other directions ?
My guess is that the people who are most attracted to the perspective that he outlines are not attracted to it because of its carefully reasoned argument , but because it gives voice to a general sense of frustration and fear .
And so how is progressive Christianity able to address that ?
Only by addressing it in the long run by understanding the sources of peoples ’ fears and the social / structural issues that make people feel so vulnerable .
Attacking Glenn
Beck head on is not the way to reach the fears of his audience — it would probably only fuel their fears .
So the bigger picture as a theological educator , a minister , a theologian and a person of faith is that you address the fears that fuel it by being prophets of grace .
It is important that you mention grace , as Beck ’s entire show plays on a simple bifurcation between personal and collective faith and salvation .
He claims that liberation theology “ deals exclusively with external realities ” and does not address the issues of personal grace .
What role does grace play in liberation theology ?
In that show it is ludicrous that on the one hand he is saying that there is no such thing as social justice in the gospel — that we are supposed to take care of people because we simply want to — and that everything happens by virtue of merit .
It is a very muscular sense of personal ethics .
But then he turns around and says that grace reminds us that ethics does not matter at all .
In fact , grace is a very important political concept .
Just as grace reminds us as individuals that there is nothing we can do to earn the love of God — that it is simply poured out upon us — so too it reminds us that at a political level , the minute we start constructing political structures that we think are unambiguously right , we are making our own politics into God .
Nobody does that more than Glenn Beck .
Glenn Beck calls for context at the beginning of his show .
Dr. Cone wrote Black Theology and Black Power in 1969 in the heat of the Civil Rights Movement and Beck ’s great fear is that immigrants will latch on to it ; do you think there is a parallel ?
The answer goes back to the fear of the Other .
Immigration puts that squarely before us as a nation .
But what Reinhold Niebuhr , Martin Luther King Jr. , and James Cone remind us of is that the ultimate test of any community or identity is how it manages that border between what is known and what is outside .
We live in a country that has a long history of sometimes doing that well and sometimes doing that in horrific ways .
Glenn
Beck plays on the edge of that border all the time .
The thing about grace is that it removes the line altogether and gives us a completely different way to think about meaning .
***
Perhaps what surprised the students and professors of Union Theological Seminary the most was that , at least in the eyes of Glenn Beck , liberation theology is still a potent and vital force in American culture .
By dedicating an entire show to James Cone and liberation theology , he is actually undermining his own position by giving public voice to a theology that in so many ways has receded from the headlines as an important influence .
This exposure might draw us all to reflection , not just to reaction .
If Beck can serve as any sort of signifier , then liberation theology is still important and clearly has a future .
Unlike Beck , I look forward to the day that a young immigrant worker picks up a copy of God of the Oppressed and realizes her humanity through it .
James
Cone once said in class that if you can write a book that people are still talking about 40 years later , then you might have had something very important to say .
At the 41st anniversary of Black Theology and Black Power , we thank you , Glenn Beck , for reminding us of its growing importance .
Rocker and gun nut Ted Nugent has found a new cause in the Tea Party .
Nugent went on Fox News ' Hannity Friday to defend the movement and launched an attack on President Barack Obama .
" Everybody I hang with , the ranchers , the farmers , the cops , the teachers , the plumbers , everybody I hang with , " said Nugent .
" They want to be a productive member of society and then they see an administration that is spitting on the US Constitution , the Bill of Rights , the Ten Commandments , the Golden Rule . "
" So , we the Tea Partiers , we the people who are speaking up , " he continued .
" I 'm going to quote my hero , Dr. Martin Luther King .
' We who engage in non-violent direct action are not the cause of tension , but rather , bringing to the surface a tension that already exists , ' " he said .
" That 's the job of we the people to be watchdogs and whistleblowers .
The government works for us .
They are absolutely out of control . "
" The Tea Party , what I stand for , what you stand for , Sean , one big A - word : accountability , " Nugent told Hannity .
" You , Sean Hannity and Fox News , represent by word and deed the pulse of the most productive and conscientious members of this American dream across the board and I bring you a salute and a thank you , " said Nugent .
The 61 - year - old rocker is also an outspoken advocate of the Second Amendment .
In a recent Washington Times column , Nugent blasted Obama and the four Supreme Court justices who dissented in a landmark case that overturned gun laws in cities like Chicago .
" With the Mao Zedong fan club in the White House , a clueless , rookie president hellbent on spending like a maniac as unprecedented debt piles up all around him , and every other imaginable indicator of an America turned upside - down , it comes as no surprise that this insane level of madness has metastasized into a Supreme Court where the Bill of Rights is being trashed by clueless , dangerously insulated old people intentionally disconnected from the real world , where the possession of a firearm often means the difference between life and death for good , innocent Americans every day of the year , " wrote Nugent .
German football was engulfed in controversy today over remarks by the agent of a top footballer , who allegedly referred to a " bunch of gays " in the national team .
Michael Becker , who has been the agent of German national football captain Michael Ballack for more than a decade , is reported to have made the comment in the latest edition of the news magazine Der Spiegel .
In an essay entitled New German Men , Aleksander Osang recounts an interview he had with Becker prior to the World Cup in which the agent allegedly told him which of the players in the team were gay .
He later said that a former national player was ready to reveal the " bunch of gays " in the German team , according to Osang .
Asked about the sexuality of one of the newer players , Becker , who is a lawyer by profession , referred to him as being " half gay " .
Osang went on to say that Becker put the new adroit , lighter and elegant style of play that has become a trademark of trainer Joachim Löw 's players down to their homosexuality , in contrast to the typically more aggressive and offensive German style of past years , but suggested they played too delicately to assure themselves a place in the final .
According to Der Spiegel , when Becker made his remarks about the " bunch of gays " he expected the ears of fellow journalists present to " prick up " .
" But they only nodded placidly , " said Osang .
" All sports journalists seemed to already know the alleged homosexual conspiracies enveloping Löw 's team .
The rumours accompanied our team to South Africa and evidently belong to the team . "
Germany came third in the World Cup , going further than expected , after an excellent run that included wins over England and Argentina .
The team were particularly celebrated for being the youngest in 76 years and more ethnically diverse than any team in Germany football history .
Ballack , who was injured just before the World Cup , spent the tournament watching his team from the VIP stands .
Philipp Lahm filled in as temporary captain .
The sidelined player could only stand by and watch as the newer , younger players won over the hearts of the nation , as well as winning many fans beyond Germany .
Becker 's remarks , which have been picked up across the German press , have attracted sharp reactions from the football world .
A spokesman for Bayer Leverkusen , the club where Ballack began his career and to which he will return after his departure from Chelsea FC , said it was shocked by the remarks .
" At Bayer Leverkusen we have absolutely no resentment towards homosexuals , " it said in a statement .
The German Football Federation , which is the sporting association with the largest membership in the world , refused to comment , while Löw said he " would not stoop so low " as to react .
But the comments have raised concerns that homosexuality remains one of the major taboos in the footballing world .
The only German footballer to have outed himself as gay is the former regional league player for Erfurt Marcus Urban , and that was only after his professional career was over .
Experts estimate that around 10 per cent of all Bundesliga professionals are gay .
Becker has neither denied nor confirmed that he made the comments , but has since said he was " misunderstood " and that the interview was not " authorised " , a common journalistic practice in Germany whereby the interviewee has the right to change his remarks after the interview .
Osang said he stood by his article , saying that Becker had told him " unbelievable stories that I took down in my notebook and Becker did n't seem to have anything against me doing so " .
The Catholic church , already reeling from a string of clerical sex abuse scandals , is facing new embarrassment after an Italian magazine published an investigation into what it termed the double life of gay priests in Rome .
Using hidden cameras , the weekly Panorama , owned by Italy 's prime minister , Silvio Berlusconi , captured priests visiting gay clubs and bars and having sex .
The Vatican does not condemn homosexuals , but it teaches that gay sex is " intrinsically disordered " .
In one of his earliest moves , pope Benedict barred actively gay men from studying for the priesthood .
The diocese of Rome lashed out at the prime minister 's magazine , saying its aim was " to create scandal [ and ] defame all priests " .
But it also urged gay clerics to leave both the closet and the priesthood .
It said , " Consistency would require that they come into the open " , but that they " ought not to have become priests " .
The semi-official papal daily , L'Osservatore Romano , made no reference to the affair .
Vatican Radio reported it briefly .
One priest , a Frenchman in his 30s identified as Father Paul , attended a party at which there were two male prostitutes then said Mass the following morning before driving them to the airport , Panorama reported .
A photo on its website claimed to show the priest in his dog collar but without his trousers with a gay man who acted as decoy for the magazine .
In other shots , priests were shown apparently kissing Panorama 's collaborator .
A member of the clergy quoted by the magazine put the proportion of gay priests in the Italian capital at " 98 % " .
The Rome diocese insisted the vast majority of priests in the city were " models of morality for all " , while adding that the number of gay clergyman was " small , but not to be written off as isolated cases " .
A review eight years ago of research on the American church concluded that between a quarter and a half of seminarians and priests there were homosexual .
A former Italian MP and gay activist , Franco Grillini , said : " If all the gays in the Catholic church were to leave it at once – something we would very much like – they would cause it serious operational problems . "
Another well - known spokesman for the gay community , Aurelio Mancuso , condemned Panorama 's investigation as a " horrible political and cultural operation " , but agreed that if priests in Rome were to follow the advice given to them in yesterday 's statement , it would " paralyse " the diocese .
In March , the pope 's own household was rocked by scandal when court documents revealed a Vatican chorister had procured male prostitutes for a papal gentleman - in - waiting .
In March of 2000 , Pat Buchanan came to speak at Harvard University ’s Institute of Politics .
Harvard being Harvard , the audience hissed and sneered and made wisecracks .
Buchanan being Buchanan , he gave as good as he got .
While the assembled Ivy Leaguers accused him of homophobia and racism and anti-Semitism , he accused Harvard  and by extension , the entire American elite  of discriminating against white Christians .
A decade later , the note of white grievance that Buchanan struck that night is part of the conservative melody .
You can hear it when Glenn Beck accuses Barack Obama of racism , or when Rush Limbaugh casts liberal policies as an exercise in “ reparations . ”
It was sounded last year during the backlash against Sonia Sotomayor ’s suggestion that a “ wise Latina ” jurist might have advantages over a white male judge , and again last week when conservatives attacked the Justice Department for supposedly going easy on members of the New Black Panther Party accused of voter intimidation .
To liberals , these grievances seem at once noxious and ridiculous .
( Is there any group with less to complain about , they often wonder , than white Christian Americans ? )
But to understand the country ’s present polarization , it ’s worth recognizing what Pat Buchanan got right .
Last year , two Princeton sociologists , Thomas Espenshade and Alexandria Walton Radford , published a book - length study of admissions and affirmative action at eight highly selective colleges and universities .
Unsurprisingly , they found that the admissions process seemed to favor black and Hispanic applicants , while whites and Asians needed higher grades and SAT scores to get in .
But what was striking , as Russell K. Nieli pointed out last week on the conservative Web site Minding the Campus , was which whites were most disadvantaged by the process : the downscale , the rural and the working - class .
Chicago finds that can raise blood pressure in people over 50 , which is interesting .
But equally interesting : the researchers were clear that the loneliness has nothing to do with the number of friends a person has .
The measure used to detect loneliness , called the UCLA Loneliness Scale , is n't about number .
People did n't rate themselves according to whether they live by the credos " the more the merrier " or " I never met a stranger . "
Ratings were more along the lines of , " How often do you feel you cannot tolerate being so alone " and " How often do you find yourself waiting for people to call or write ? "
So , like we 've been saying , loneliness is n't just about being alone ; it 's how we feel about being alone .
We probably all know what it 's like to feel lonely surrounded by people at a party .
And to feel fulfilled in an empty house .
And we agree that quality trumps quantity in our friendships .
Nice to have it validated by the professionals , though .
People with just a few friends are not sad and lonely .
As long as our friendships -- however many or few - - are close and meaningful , we 're good .
The word " friend " is tossed around too freely these days , anyway .
I prefer to distinguish among friends , colleagues , and acquaintances .
Also between real - world friends and Facebook " friends . "
What is a true friend ?
We probably all have our own definitions .
For me , it 's someone I do n't feel alone with .
Who does n't bore me .
To whom I feel comfortable turning when I need to be talked off the ledge , and for whom I am glad ( even honored ) to return the favor .
I will say all those things about only a few people in my life .
And then there is a second tier of friends .
I like and care about them , consider them friends , but they are not privy to my deepest thoughts .
" Dunbar 's number , " proposed by anthropologist Robin Dunbar in 1992 , is a commonly used assessment of the number of relationships we are cognitively capable of keeping straight ; that number is 150 .
I probably have a network of that many people in my life .
I certainly would n't call them all friends , though .
In fact , I 'm an avid Facebook user but I 'm starting to feel like I have too many " friends " even there .
I 'm not terribly far above the number at which people might judge me desperate .
Research reveals that the ideal number of Facebook " friends " is 302 .
That 's enough so you do n't seem pathetic , not so many that you seem needy .
But I have accepted " friend " requests from people with whom I feel no particular connection .
In some cases , these strangers have become virtual friends .
Some have even become real friends .
That 's cool .
But others have just remained little faces in a box .
We have nothing to say to each other .
And having lots of " friends " does n't make me feel better about myself .
It makes me feel kind of ... phony .
Besides , no matter how many " friends " we have , we actually interact with only a handful of them , according to Cameron Marlow , Facebook 's " in-house sociologist . "
If you are a woman with 500 friends , you might post comments on the pages of about 26 and actually communicate with about 16 .
( For men , 17 and ten . )
I 've never done the math on my " friends , " but that sounds about right .
Those " friends " are the keepers .
And maybe a few people I just find generally interesting .
The rest ?
Perfectly nice people , I 'm sure , but I 'm considering relegating them to Linked In , among my colleagues and acquaintances .
--
My book , The Introvert 's Way : Living a Quiet Life in a Noisy World , is available for pre-order on Amazon .
It will be released December 4 , 2012 , just in time for party / festive / family - togetherness season .
You know you need it .
Please join me on Facebook and visit my other blog , Better Living Through Pithy Quotes .
As the marines of 40 Commando return from Afghanistan 's deadly Sangin province Sean Smith 's brutal , uncompromising film from Helmand 's frontline shows the horrific chaos of a stalemate that is taking its toll in bloodShortlisted for a 2010 Foreign Press Association Award and the Royal Television Society Independent Award
Show full PR text
ANNOUNCING A NEW GENERATION OF KINDLE : THE ALL - NEW KINDLE IS SMALLER , LIGHTER , AND FASTER , WITH 50 PERCENT BETTER CONTRAST
Kindle 's revolutionary wireless delivery and massive selection of content - now in a 21 percent smaller and 15 percent lighter design , with 50 percent better contrast , 20 percent faster page turns , up to one month of battery life , double the storage , and more - only $ 189 , and still with free 3G wireless
Amazon also introduces new Kindle family member : Kindle Wi-Fi-only $ 139
SEATTLE -July 29 , 2010 -( NASDAQ : AMZN ) - Millions of people are already reading on Kindles and Kindle is the # 1 bestselling item on Amazon.com for two years running .
It 's also the most - wished - for , most - gifted , and has the most 5 - star reviews of any product on Amazon.com .
Today , Amazon.com is excited to introduce a new generation of Kindle .
The all - new Kindle has a new electronic - ink screen with 50 percent better contrast than any other e-reader , a new sleek design with a 21 percent smaller body while still keeping the same 6 - inch - size reading area , and a 15 percent lighter weight at just 8.7 ounces .
The new Kindle also offers 20 percent faster page turns , up to one month of battery life , double the storage to 3,500 books , built - in Wi-Fi , a graphite color option and more - all for only $ 189 , and still with free 3G wireless - no monthly bills or annual contracts .
Also today , Amazon introduced a new addition to its family of portable reading devices - Kindle Wi-Fi .
Readers who do n't need the convenience of free 3G wireless can now enjoy the new generation Kindle for the lower price of only $ 139 .
The all - new Kindle and Kindle Wi-Fi are now available for pre-order at www.amazon.com/kindle3G and www.amazon.com/kindleWi-Fi, and will ship to customers in over 140 countries and 30 territories beginning August 27 .
Kindle offers the largest selection of the most popular books people want to read .
The U.S. Kindle Store now has more than 630,000 books , including New Releases and 109 of 111 New York Times Best Sellers .
Over 510,000 of these books are $ 9.99 or less , including 80 New York Times Best Sellers .
Over 1.8 million free , out - of - copyright , pre-1923 books are also available to read on Kindle .
Kindle lets you buy your books once and read them everywhere - on Kindle , Kindle DX , iPad , iPod touch , iPhone , Mac , PC , BlackBerry , and Android - based devices .
Amazon 's Whispersync technology syncs your place across devices , so you can pick up where you left off .
With Kindle Worry - Free Archive , books you purchase from the Kindle Store are automatically backed up online in your Kindle library on Amazon where they can be re-downloaded wirelessly for free , anytime .
More than 235,000 books have been added to the Kindle Store in just the last six months , including New York Times Best Sellers " The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet 's Nest , " " The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks " and " The Passage . "
The Kindle Store also recently added 20 contemporary classics from the Wylie Agency 's new " Odyssey Editions " imprint that are available for the first time as e-books and exclusively in the Kindle Store , including John Updike 's Pulitzer Prize - winning Rabbit series , Vladimir Nabokov 's " Lolita , " Norman Mailer 's " The Naked and the Dead , " Philip Roth 's " Portnoy 's Complaint " and Ralph Ellison 's " Invisible Man . "
" Kindle is the best - selling product on Amazon for two years running .
We lowered the price to $ 189 and sales growth tripled .
Now , we are excited to introduce a new generation Kindle that is smaller , lighter , and faster , with 50 percent better contrast .
Readers are going to do a double take when they see Kindle 's bright new screen and feel how remarkably light the smaller 8.7 ounce design feels in one hand , " said Jeff Bezos , Amazon.com Founder & CEO .
" If you do n't need the convenience of 3G wireless , we have an incredible new price point - $ 139 for Kindle Wi-Fi .
Kindle Wi-Fi has all the same features , same bookstore , same high - contrast electronic paper display , and it 's even a tiny bit lighter at 8.5 ounces .
At this price point , many people are going to buy multiple units for the home and family . "
All New , High - Contrast E - Ink Screen , Read in Bright Sunlight :
The new Kindle uses Amazon 's all - new electronic ink display with 50 percent better contrast for the clearest text and sharpest images .
No other e-reader has this screen or this level of contrast .
Unlike LCD screens , Kindle 's paper - like display looks and reads like real paper , with no glare , even in bright sunlight .
New Proprietary Screen Technology - Faster Page Turns , New and Improved Fonts : Kindle 's all - new , high - contrast electronic ink display is further optimized with Amazon 's proprietary waveform and font technology to make pages turn faster and fonts sharper .
Waveform is a series of electronic pulses that move black and white electronic ink particles to achieve a final gray level for an image or text .
Amazon tuned the new Kindle 's waveform and controller mechanism to make page turning 20 percent faster .
In addition , this waveform tuning combined with new hand - built , custom fonts and font - hinting make words and letters more crisp , clear , and natural - looking .
Font hints are instructions , written as code , that control points on a font character 's line and improve legibility at small font sizes where few pixels are available .
Hinting is a mix of aesthetic judgments and complicated technical strategies .
Amazon designed its proprietary font - hinting to optimize specifically for the special characteristics of electronic ink .
New Sleek Design , Lighter Than a Paperback :
The new Kindle has a 21 percent smaller body while still keeping the same 6 - inch - size reading area .
At only 8.7 ounces , the new Kindle is 15 percent lighter and still 1/3 of an inch thin , making it lighter than a paperback and thinner than a magazine .
With Kindle you can read comfortably and naturally with just one hand for hours .
The new Kindle Wi-Fi is even lighter at just 8.5 ounces .
Double the Storage , Holds 3,500 Books :
The new Kindle has double the storage so you can carry up to 3,500 books .
Up To One Month of Battery Life :
The new Kindle has up to one month of battery life with wireless off .
Keep wireless on and your Kindle will have battery life of up to 10 days .
Free 3G Wireless : Kindle offers free 3G wireless , which means no annual contracts and no monthly fees .
Global Wireless Coverage : Kindle is the only e-reader that lets you travel the globe and still get books in under 60 seconds with wireless coverage in over 100 countries and territories .
New Built - In Wi-Fi :
In addition to free 3G wireless , Kindle now has built - in Wi-Fi support .
Kindle owners will now be able to connect to Wi -Fi hotspots at home or on the road .
Readers who do n't need the convenience of free 3G wireless can purchase the new Kindle Wi-Fi for only $ 139 and download content over Wi-Fi .
Amazon is offering free Wi-Fi access at AT&T Wi-Fi hotspots across the U.S. for shopping and downloading Kindle content - no AT&T registration , sign - in , or password required .
Quieter Page Turn Buttons : Quieter page turns means you can read all night without disturbing your partner .
Share Meaningful Passages :
Share meaningful passages with friends and family with built - in Twitter and Facebook integration .
Simple to Use : Kindle is ready to use right out of the box – no setup , no software to install , no computer required .
Books in 60 Seconds :
With fast , free wireless delivery , you can start reading books on Kindle in less than 60 seconds .
Massive Selection : The Kindle Store has over 630,000 books , including 109 of 111 New York Times Best Sellers , plus audiobooks , periodicals and blogs .
Free , Out - of - Copyright Books :
Over 1.8 million free , out - of - copyright , pre-1923 books such as " Pride and Prejudice " are available to read on Kindle .
Low Book Prices :
Over 510,000 of the 630,000 books in the Kindle Store are $ 9.99 or less , including 80 New York Times Best Sellers .
Free Book Samples : First chapters of Kindle books are available to download and read for free before you decide to buy .
Read Everywhere with Whispersync : Kindle books can be read on your Kindle , iPhone , iPad , PC , Mac , BlackBerry , and Android - based devices .
Amazon 's Whispersync technology syncs your place across devices , so you can pick up where you left off .
Worry - Free Archive : Books purchased from the Kindle Store are automatically backed up online in your Kindle library on Amazon where they can be re-downloaded wirelessly for free , anytime .
Improved PDF Reader :
The new Kindle uses an improved built - in PDF reader with new dictionary lookup , notes and highlights , and support for password protected PDFs .
New WebKit - based Browser ( experimental ) :
The new Kindle uses a new web browser based on the industry - leading open source Web browser engine , WebKit .
The updated browser is faster , easier to navigate , and provides a new " article mode " feature that simplifies web pages to just the main text - based content for easier reading .
Web browsing with Kindle over 3G or Wi-Fi is free .
New Voice Guide : With Text - to - Speech , Kindle can read out loud to you .
New Text - to - Speech enabled menus allow customers to navigate Kindle without having to read menu options .
In addition to listening to books aloud , users now have the option of listening to content listings on the home screen , item descriptions , and all menu options .
New Lighted Leather Cover :
The all - new Kindle cover features an integrated , retractable reading light that lets you read comfortably anytime , anywhere .
The light is a permanent part of the cover , so it 's always with you , and hides away into the cover when not in use .
The high - quality LED light illuminates Kindle 's entire paper - like display , adding brightness without adding glare .
Amazon 's patent - pending hinge system secures Kindle in place and conducts electricity from Kindle 's battery to the reading light , eliminating the need for batteries .
The conductive hinges are gold - plated to ensure a reliable electrical connection .
Gold is used because of its ability to make good electrical contact even with low force and for its corrosion resistance .
The Kindle cover is sold separately .
Customers can discover full details and pre-order the new Kindle and Kindle Wi-Fi starting today at www.amazon.com/kindle3G and www.amazon.com/kindleWi-Fi.
For new high - resolution images of the new generation Kindle , visit www.amazon.com/pr/kindle/images.
Advertisements
As Republicans continue to filibuster extending unemployment benefits , the economic fate of our country hangs in the balance .
Their obstruction to extending jobless benefits is more a result of their ideological contempt for the social safety net that can historically be traced back to the New Deal than their claimed discomfort with a growing deficit .
Republicans are trying to sell the meme that we should be more worried about our national debt during a recession than we should about economic recovery .
They are further arguing that unemployment benefits do n’t stimulate the economy .
Economists from both side of the aisle disagree with the Republicans .
Guess where Republicans got this talking point ?
None other than their media arm , Fox News .
Advertisements
Sounds like the Republicans are in bed with Herbie Hoover , who once said , “ Economic depression cannot be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement .
Economic wounds must be healed by the action of the cells of the economic body – the producers and consumers themselves . ”
Yes , that worked out well .
Back in reality land , according to the bi-partisan CBO reports , increasing aid to the unemployed is the single largest immediate step we can take to off - set a further recession .
In fact , leading economists , including conservative Mark Zandi , chief economist with Moody ’s Economy.com and a former adviser to Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) , agree that failure to immediately extend unemployment benefits is an escalating risk to our economy .
The current recession is one of the longest downturns since the Great Depression of the 1930’s .
The number of jobs in the United States declined almost every month since December 2007 until 2009 .
This recession is a direct result of the financial crisis started by the housing downturn in 2006 , and some speculate compounded by escalating oil prices .
Yes , sing it with me , people : Despite Phil Graham ’s claim that there was no recession and we were a nation of whiners , in 2008 the National Bureau of Economic Research declared the recession officially started in 2007 .
Zandi argues :
“ Congress needs to hurry up and reauthorize expired jobless aid or risk derailing the nascent economic recovery .
Historically , federally funded unemployment benefits are always used in times of recession and have never been paid for .
( Rep. Jim McDermott , D - Wash . , said paying for extended benefits would set a precedent that would essentially undermine the New Deal . )
And they ’ve never been allowed to expire with a national unemployment rate above 7.2 percent . ”
The Washington Post further explained :
“ Zandi estimated that each dollar spent on extending unemployment benefits generated $ 1.61 in economic growth .
Extending benefits had the third - greatest bang - for - the - buck of any component in the stimulus package , after increasing food stamps and subsidizing work - sharing , both temporary measures .
To quote Zandi , “ No form of the fiscal stimulus has proved more effective during the past two years than emergency UI benefits . ”
The Center for Budget and Policy Priorities looked at the impact on poverty of the extension and found that it saved a total of 800,000 people from falling below the poverty line .
So far , then , unemployment benefits have been very effective at stimulating the economy and reducing economic misery among affected families . ”
Not only is the Republican filibustering on unemployment extension benefits an ideological assault on the social safety net , but also it has nothing to do with the current recession and is not based on economics .
In spite of reasoned thought from both sides of the aisle , the Republicans are willing to put our economy at risk in order to gain momentum in their jihad like war on the poor , and everyone else who is not rich .
The GOP has returned to their intellectual economic forefather , Herbert Hoover .
And I think we all know where that leads .
Thanks , but no thanks , to that Bridge to Nowhere .
“ Should any political party attempt to abolish social security , unemployment insurance , and eliminate labor laws and farm programs , you would not hear of that party again in our political history .
There is a tiny splinter group , of course , that believes you can do these things ….. Their number is
negligible and they are stupid . ” – Dwight D. Eisenhower , Letter to Edgar Eisenhower , Nov 1954
It ’s a fate worse than death for many movies — development hell .
Be it scheduling issues , script problems or financial difficulties , they ’re caught in celluloid purgatory — and even if they get out , the results can be mixed .
Some , like , " American Gangster , " break free to big box office and critical acclaim .
Others , like " State of Play , " emerge to commercial indifference .
( See slideshow : " 10 Movies That Should Have Stayed in Development Hell . " )
Most recent escapees , and prepped for summer release , are " Knight & Day " and " Salt , " both of which endured multiple iterations before filming commenced with Tom Cruise and Angelina Jolie respectively .
What ’s still trapped ?
Here are some of the most notorious victims — and their chances of survival .
COMING SOON TO A THEATER NEAR YOU
The Tourist : Thanks the combined star wattage of Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp , this remake of a 1997 French film will finally see release next year .
The spy thriller has stalled for several years , thanks to a revolving door of stars such as Tom Cruise , Charlize Theron and Sam Worthington and directors like Alfonso Cuaron and Lasse Hallstrom entering and exiting the project .
Moneyball : Two years ago , cameras were about to roll on this adaptation of Michael Lewis ’ ode to Oakland A’s manager Billy Beane .
Stars Brad Pitt and Demetri Martin and director Steven Soderbergh were attached , but Columbia got cold feet over script concerns and shut down production three days before shooting was supposed to start .
But it ’s been resurrected , Pitt is still on board , Martin has been replaced by Jonah Hill , and " Capote " director Bennett Miller has stepped in for Soderbergh .
It ’s reportedly eyeing a June start date .
Stretch Armstrong : Taylor Lautner will star as the bendable superhero , rescuing the movie version of the Hasbro toy from the development scrapheap .
Prior to signing the teen idol , the action comedy had been rumored to be a vehicle for the likes of Jackie Chan , Tim Allen and even Danny Devito .
Universal is planning a summer 2012 release for what is now a big budget tentpole .
SHOWING SIGNS OF LIFE
On the Road : Jack Kerouac ’s Beat masterpiece has inspired generations of young actors and directors over the years , many of whom have pledged to bring the tale of nomadic Sal Paradise and Dean Moriarty to the screen .
Joel Schumacher , Colin Farrell , Johnny Depp and Francis Ford Coppola have been attached over the years — with Coppola , in fact , bought the rights to the book in 1968 .
Now it ’s back on track , with Walter Salles , who took on another difficult to film travelogue " The Motorcycle Diaries , " directing and Garrett Hedlund ( " Tron : Legacy " ) reportedly circling the lead role .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty : Everyone from Steven Spielberg to Tom Cruise to Jim Carrey has set their sights on remaking this 1947 Danny Kaye film about a book editor with an overactive imagination .
Reports surfaced this week that Sacha Baron Cohen was interested in the lead , but no deal has been made yet .
Giving credence to the fact that the project has found a pulse , “ The Pursuit of Happyness ” screenwriter Steven Conrad has been hired to overhaul the script , according to the Hollywood Reporter .
STUCK IN PURGATORY
Sinatra Biopic : " Ol’ Blue Eyes " seemed a natural fit for Martin Scorsese .
As the " Aviator " proved , the directing icon likes films with a vast historical backdrop , and as we know from his work on " The Last Waltz , " he ’s a music lover .
Add to that Sinatra ’s rumored mob ties , and Scorsese ’s talent for weaving cinematic gold from the lives of made men makes this a match made in movie heaven .
However , after a flurry of news reports had the Sinatra biopic as Scorsese ’s next with rumors of Leonardo DiCaprio or Johnny Depp as the chairman of the board , he opted to make the children ’s film " The Invention of Hugo Cabret " next .
He might circle back to the musical biography , but he ’s got a number of other projects on his back burner such as " The Wolf of Wall Street " with Leo and a remake of the French film " Cache . "
Confederacy of Dunces : Like " On the Road , " John Kennedy O’Toole ’s picaresque cult novel been on the development track for nearly 30 years — but still nothing has happend .
And a diverse crop of actors including John Belushi , John Candy and Richard Pryor have wanted to play the lead role of the hapless , slovenly Ignatius J. Reilly .
The closest it came was in 2006 when Paramount was planning to have David Gordon Green film a script from Steven Soderbergh and Scott Kramer .
That attracted a big name cast including Drew Barrymore , Mos Def , and Will Ferrell as Reilly , but the project was dropped after Scott Rudin left the studio for Disney .
Lincoln :
It ’s looking increasingly doubtful Steven Spielberg ’s planned biopic of Honest Abe will ever make it to theaters .
The movie boasted a script by Pulitzer Prize winning playwright Tony Kushner and was supposed to star Liam Neeson as president number 16 .
After the Lincoln bicentennial came and went last year , Spielberg moved on to direct a 3D film adaptation of Tintin .
Gears of War : New Line ’s decision to dramatically cut the $ 100 million budget of this videogame adaptation caused director Len Wiseman ( " Live Free or Die Hard " ) to drop out , according to the Los Angeles Times .
The studio is apparently looking for a new writer to spruce up " Wanted " scribe Chris Morgan ’s original script , but like film plans for that other mega - grossing videogame " Halo , " movement has stalled .
DEAD
Arrested Development : Rumors have been afoot that the demented Bluth clan would reunite for a big screen adventure since the cult television hit went off the air in 2006 .
Reassembling the big cast , which includes such budding stars as Michael Cera and Jason Bateman , must be a logistical nightmare , and it appears that plans for a movie reunion have been derailed .
Cast member David Cross made headlines recently by declaring the project " dead , " although Bateman gave viewers some hope by stating that there was still life in the project .
Leni Riefenstahl Biopic : Jodie Foster has been circling the story of Hitler ’s favorite director Leni Riefenstahl for over a decade .
In that time she ’s made hits like " Flight Plan " and " Panic Room , " seen other dream projects like " Flora Plum " enter production limbo , " but no footage has rolled on the controversial " Triumph of the Will " helmer ’s life story .
The Brazilian Job : After 2003 ’s " The Italian Job " made $ 176 million and cemented Mark Wahlberg ’s leading man status , a sequel to the heist movie seemed inevitable .
Tentatively titled " The Brazilian Job , " the sequel — once set for a 2005 release — has been beset by script and scheduling issues .
The window to capitalize on the first film ’s good will seems to have closed and Wahlberg , Charlize Theron and director F. Gary Gray seem to have lost interest .
The Amazing Adventures of Kavilier and Clay : Michael Chabon ’s Pulitzer Prize - winning novel about the early days of comic books seemed destined for the big screen after Scott Rudin bought the rights in 2000 and tapped Chabon to handle screenplay duties .
In 2002 , Entertainment Weekly called Chabon ’s draft that year ’s " It Script , " and over the years directors such as Sydney Pollack and Stephen Daldry and actors like Tobey Maguire and Natalie Portman planned to make the beloved book their next project .
But budget concerns and script problems have probably sidetracked the project indefinitely .
Chabon all but declared the movie buried , and Scott Rudin Productions told TheWrap that " not much was happening . "
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Chinese food is one of the most popular choices in the Western world for dining out .
More people , however , should benefit from cooking Chinese dishes in their own kitchens .
I hear all sorts of reasons why even those fond of the flavors of Chinese food hesitate to prepare it at home : “ I do n’t have time for endless chopping ” ; or “ I do n’t have a wok ” ; or “ my stovetop does n’t have a high flame like in Chinese restaurants ” to get the high heat for stir - frying .
Chinese cooking can be quick and easy .
Although it ’s true that small pieces of meat and vegetables are most suitable for stir - frying , there ’s no need to assemble a long list of ingredients or chop large amounts of food .
You do n’t need a wok either ; a sturdy skillet is just fine , used over the high heat available in the average kitchen .
Since many classic stir - fries start out by deep - frying the meat , some people are concerned about having to use a lot of oil .
For the menu below , however , only a little oil is needed .
Yet it still has that flair that makes Chinese cuisine so popular .
The meal begins with a light salad appetizer of greens garnished with smoked or poached fish and seasoned with an Asian vinaigrette .
According to my friend Nina Simonds , author of , the Chinese often top their salads with meats or seafood and use light , pungent dressings .
To make a celery salad with spicy peppercorn dressing , she cooks thin celery slices for only 30 seconds in boiling water , then dresses them with a blend of toasted ground pepper , sesame oil , vinegar , sugar , soy sauce and minced gingerroot .
For an easy main course , I cook lean boneless chicken breasts in a sweet and sour sauce , which keeps the chicken moist as it cooks .
The sauce is based on a sweet and sour sauce I learned from Chinese cooking teacher Mei Lee .
It is a beautifully simple formula that ’s easy to remember – equal parts of ketchup , sugar , vinegar and soy sauce mixed together – ideal for quick , low - fat cooking .
The sauce also keeps your shopping list brief , as it ’s made of common pantry ingredients .
You can stir - fry just one or two vegetables as a side dish , like the red pepper and green onion recipe below .
Stir - frying is such a popular technique for preparing vegetables because it cooks them speedily , imparts an appealing caramelized flavor and retains their vibrant colors and crisp texture .
The perfect partner for the chicken and vegetables is Chinese style steamed rice , which is fat - free .
When you ’re trying to keep the calorie - count modest when you ’re dining out , remember to request steamed rice .
Even at fast - food Chinese restaurants , where fried rice is presented as the “ standard ” accompaniment , there is often a pot of steamed rice on the back burner .
If you prefer fried rice with Chinese entrees but want an alternative that is easier and lean , make a compromise dish at home – prepare steamed rice with a few extra elements , like the Jade Rice with Mushrooms below , so the rice is n’t plain .
Chinese people prefer long - grain rice , wrote Helen Chen in , because it cooks up light and fluffy , in contrast to the Japanese , who like short - grain rice , which is softer and stickier .
In northern China , people used to eat wheat more often “ because of the difficulty of growing rice in their cooler and drier climate .
With better transportation rice is now served at every meal , although wheat remains popular . ”
Chen recommends storing rice in a covered container in a cool , dry dark place and notes that it keeps indefinitely . •
Smoked Fish with Greens and Sesame Oil Dressing• Speedy Sweet and Sour Chicken• Jade Rice with Mushrooms • Sweet Pepper and Green Onion Stir - fry• Pineapple , Asian Pears , Lychees or Seasonal FruitUse any kind of smoked fish .
If you prefer , substitute cooked fresh fish ; mix it with a little of the dressing before setting it on top of the greens .
For low fat dressings , rice vinegar is a good choice because it is mild and you can use more vinegar and less oil . 2 to 3 tsp .
Asian sesame oil1 tsp. vegetable oil or additional sesame oil11⁄2 to 2 tsp. rice vinegar1 ⁄2 tsp. soy saucea few drops hot sauce , or to taste , or cayenne pepperpepper to taste3 cups romaine lettuce , torn in bite - size pieces1 cup mixed baby lettuces or red cabbage1 cup smoked salmon or other smoked fish in small pieces
In a small bowl whisk sesame oil with vegetable oil , vinegar , soy sauce , hot sauce and pepper .
Mix romaine with baby lettuce in a serving bowl , add dressing and toss .
Serve greens topped with fish .
Makes 4 servings .
Essentially a mixture of four ingredients , sweet and sour sauce is one of the fastest sauces to make and matches well with a variety of meats and vegetables .
If you have leftover roast chicken or turkey , heat them and top them with hot sweet and sour sauce for an almost instant entree .
For a super - speedy supper , serve the chicken with plain steamed rice and cooked broccoli.570 gr. boneless skinless chicken breasts 1 Tbsp. vegetable oil1⁄4 cup sugar1 ⁄4 cup white or red wine vinegar1 ⁄4 cup ketchup1 ⁄4 cup soy sauce 1 ⁄4 tsp .
Asian hot sauce or other hot sauce , or to taste , or freshly ground pepper ( optional ) 11⁄4 tsp. cornstarchTrim visible fat from chicken and cut meat in 2.5 - cm. cubes .
Heat oil in a heavy saute pan or wok .
Add chicken and saute over medium heat , stirring , 1 minute .
Cover and saute 3 minutes , stirring once or twice .
Meanwhile , thoroughly mix sugar , vinegar , ketchup , soy sauce and hot sauce .
Add to pan of chicken and mix well .
Bring to a simmer .
Cover and cook over low heat 5 minutes or until chicken is tender .
Chicken is done when color is no longer pink ; cut into a thick piece to check .
In small cup blend cornstarch and 1 tablespoon water .
Add to simmering sauce , to center of pan .
Quickly stir into remaining sauce .
Heat until bubbling .
Serve hot .
Makes 4 servings .
For a change from unseasoned steamed rice , make this flavorful version of steamed rice instead .
The recipe is inspired by Helen Chen ’s version of jade rice , a Shanghai dish of steamed rice with chopped dark green bok choy leaves , which Chen makes with spinach instead .
She cooks chopped Chinese sausages with the rice ; to add flavor while keeping the fat low , I use mushrooms instead .
Chen advises always using a heavy - bottomed pot to steam rice and recommends her mother ’s trick if you do scorch your rice : “ Uncover the pan for a few minutes to release the steam , place a piece of bread over the rice , and put the lid back on .
The bread absorbs much of the burned flavor .
Discard the bread before serving .
” 100 gr. mushrooms , sliced75 gr. to 100 gr. spinach leaves , rinsed thoroughly 11⁄3 cups long - grain white rice22⁄3 cups chicken broth , or broth mixed with waterCombine mushrooms and 1 cup water in a heavy medium saucepan .
Bring to a boil .
Remove mushrooms with a slotted spoon .
Return water to boil , add spinach and bring to a boil .
Boil 30 seconds .
Rinse in cold water , drain and squeeze out the water .
Coarsely chop the leaves and combine with the broth in a blender or food processor .
Blend until spinach is completely pureed .
Combine the rice , spinach mixture and mushrooms in the saucepan .
Bring to a full boil over high heat .
Cover and cook over low heat 15 minutes or until just tender .
Serve hot .
Makes 4 servings .
To keep the fat low , I begin by stir - frying the vegetables and finish cooking them in the sauce .
Chili paste with garlic is a classic Chinese flavoring that happens tobe a great shortcut ingredient , so there ’s no need to chop garlic andhot peppers .
You can substitute Yemenite s’hug . 2 red bell peppers1 green bell pepper4 green onions1 Tbsp. vegetable oil1 ⁄2 tsp .
Chinese chili paste with garlic , or more to taste2 tsp. soy sauce2 Tbsp. chicken broth or waterCut peppers in strips 1 cm. wide .
Cut any long pieces in halfcrosswise .
Cut wide end of green onions in half lengthwise .
Cut onionsin 2.5 - cm. lengths .
Heat oil in heavy saute pan or wok , add peppers and saute 2 minutesover high heat .
Cover and saute 4 minutes over medium heat , stirringoften .
Add chili paste , green onions , soy sauce and broth .
Cover andcook 1 or 2 minutes or until peppers are tender .
Serve hot .
Makes 4 servings.30 Low - Fat Meals in 30 Minutes .
WASHINGTON Ã¢â‚¬â€ 
New rules to cap US carbon emissions and promote clean energy could create as many as 540,000 US jobs a year , a green group claimed Tuesday , as the BP oil spill fueled debate over reform .
With the massive Gulf of Mexico slick pushing energy reform to the top of the US political agenda , ClimateWorks — a climate lobby group — said reforms could also help the struggling US economy .
ADVERTISEMENT
Offering lawmakers the tantalizing prospect of curbing emissions while helping the economy , the report ’s authors said cutting 2005 emissions levels by 17 percent by 2020 would create or save 440,000 jobs a year .
The United States is still battling to escape from the grasp of a debilitating recession that has cost over eight million jobs and pushed the unemployment rate close to ten percent .
The report ’s authors said a cap and trade system would speed up the use of new technologies and spur an “ increase in public and private capital investments that stimulate the economy . ”
A forced emissions cut of 42 percent by 2030 would spell 549,000 more jobs , the report added , predicting the race for new technology would save jobs in the ailing construction and manufacturing sectors .
The cap , which would force industry to buy permits for excess carbon emissions , would also increase electricity and gas prices by around 15 percent , but the authors claim the costs would be offset by energy savings .
ADVERTISEMENT
Later on Tuesday President Barack Obama will use his debut Oval Office address to set out his administration ’s response the oil spill , and the need to reduce dependence on foreign oil .
Democratic leaders in Congress have called for reform proposals to be put forward by a July 4 recess , although new rules are likely to be plagued by deep political divisions .
Republicans claim the Obama administration is trying to foist a job - killing “ energy tax ” on the country via new energy rules .
Dinosaurs , birds , and rodents .
Crumbling landmasses and inland seas .
Sea monsters , sharks , and blood - red plankton .
Forests of ferns , cycads , and conifers .
Warm , moist , tropical breezes .
This was the Jurassic , which took place 199 to 145 million years ago .
A Shifting Climate and Developing Oceans
At the start of the period , the breakup of the supercontinent Pangaea continued and accelerated .
Laurasia , the northern half , broke up into North America and Eurasia .
Gondwana , the southern half , began to break up by the mid-Jurassic .
The eastern portion — Antarctica , Madagascar , India , and Australia — split from the western half , Africa and South America .
New oceans flooded the spaces in between .
Mountains rose on the seafloor , pushing sea levels higher and onto the continents .
All this water gave the previously hot and dry climate a humid and drippy subtropical feel .
Dry deserts slowly took on a greener hue .
Palm tree - like cycads were abundant , as were conifers such as araucaria and pines .
Ginkgoes carpeted the mid- to high northern latitudes , and podocarps , a type of conifer , were particularly successful south of the Equator .
Tree ferns were also present .
The oceans , especially the newly formed shallow interior seas , teemed with diverse and abundant life .
At the top of the food chain were the long - necked and paddle - finned plesiosaurs , giant marine crocodiles , sharks , and rays .
Fishlike ichthyosaurs , squidlike cephalopods , and coil - shelled ammonites were abundant .
Coral reefs grew in the warm waters , and sponges , snails , and mollusks flourished .
Microscopic , free - floating plankton proliferated and may have turned parts of the ocean red .
Huge Dinosaurs
On land , dinosaurs were making their mark in a big way — literally .
The plant - eating sauropod Brachiosaurus stood up to 52 feet ( 16 meters ) tall , stretched some 85 feet ( 26 meters ) long , and weighed more than 80 tons .
Diplodocus , another sauropod , was 90 feet ( 27 meters ) long .
These dinosaurs ' sheer size may have deterred attack from Allosaurus , a bulky , meat - eating dinosaur that walked on two powerful legs .
But Allosaurus and other fleet - footed carnivores , such as the coelurosaurs , must have had occasional success .
Other prey included the heavily armored stegosaurs .
The Associated Press briefly reports that the U.S. government has defined new rules that will permit users to " jailbreak " their iPhone and skirt Apple 's App Store ecosystem to add unapproved third - party applications .
Owners of the iPhone will be able to break electronic locks on their devices in order to download applications that have not been approved by Apple .
The government is making that legal under new rules announced Monday .
The decision to allow the practice commonly known as " jailbreaking " is one of a handful of new exemptions from a federal law that prohibits the circumvention of technical measures that control access to copyrighted works .
While it is not uncommon for users to jailbreak their devices , the practice is officially unsanctioned by Apple .
The company maintains a support document outlining some of the issues users of jailbroken iOS devices may experience while also disclosing that Apple reserves the right to deny service for any such device due to the " unauthorized modification " being a violation of the license agreement .
Under the new federal policies , it would appear that Apple is no longer permitted to deny service for such reasons under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , although the company could likely still argue that the device 's Terms of Use allow it to deny service .
Update : The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) has posted a press release announcing the government 's policy changes that came at the request of the EFF and has posted the full document ( PDF ) issued by the Copyright Office of the U.S. Library of Congress .
On balance , the Register concludes that when one jailbreaks a smartphone in order to make the operating system on that phone interoperable with an independently created application that has not been approved by the maker of the smartphone or the maker of its operating system , the modifications that are made purely for the purpose of such interoperability are fair uses .
Case law and Congressional enactments reflect a judgment that interoperability is favored .
The Register also finds that designating a class of works that would permit jailbreaking for purposes of interoperability will not adversely affect the market for or value of the copyrighted works to the copyright owner .
Update 2 : Some observers have pointed out the the Library of Congress ruling today also addresses the issue of mobile phone unlocking , which involves moving a device to another wireless carrier for which support is not generally offered .
Today 's ruling only states , however , that copyright concerns can not be used to prohibit unlocking of mobile phones under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
Carriers are still free to prevent unlocking in many circumstances and can pursue cases against individuals by citing breach of contract under the carriers '
Terms of Service .
While most Californians and the media in recent months have understandably remained focused on The Regulate , Control and Tax Cannabis Act of 2010 — which seeks to eliminate criminal penalties for the adult personal possession and cultivation of marijuana — state lawmakers in Sacramento have quietly been moving forward on a cannabis liberalization bill of their own .
Senate Bill 1449 , which seeks to reduce personal , non-medical marijuana possession penalties from a criminal misdemeanor to an infraction , is now only one vote away from heading to Gov. Schwarzenegger ’s desk .
On Wednesday , members of the California Assembly Committee on Public Safety voted 4 to 1 to send the measure to the Assembly floor .
( Senate lawmakers had previously voted 21 to 13 in favor of the bill . )
Once the full Assembly acts , the measure will go before the Governor for his signature .
Under current law , marijuana possession has a unique status in California law as the only misdemeanor that is not punishable by arrest or jail time .
However , offenders must still appear in court , pay a fine ( $ 100 ) , and pay court costs ( approximately $ 200 ) .
In addition , defendants who wish to avoid a criminal record must attend a court - ordered diversion program .
Defendants who do not attend such a program are saddled with a criminal record for at least two years following their conviction .
By making possession an infraction , Senate Bill 1449 would spare possession offenders time in court or the risk of a criminal record .
Instead , they would simply pay a fine .
More information about S.B. 1449 is available from California NORML , and from NORML ’s ‘ Take Action Center ’ here .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
When I 've got a few minutes here and there , I like to browse the CPAN for new , interesting modules .
I wanted a way to do this quickly and easily on my iPhone , without needing to get online to do it .
This app did not exist , so @ioncache and I set about creating it .
iCPAN has been available in the Apple app store for about 4 weeks now and we 're currently working on updates for the next version .
( Our lightning talk slides have now been posted as well . )
iCPAN works on your iPhone , iPod and even your iPad .
Our initial release of the app allows you to :
search CPAN documentation by module name
bookmark your favourite modules
view your recent searches
browse the docs offline
The next release will add the following :
Example code snippets in docs will be formatted via PerlTidy
These codes snippets will also feature syntax highlighting
There are still some issues we are working out .
The main one is that the module search is still very slow .
We 've got a few strategies for dealing with this , but we 're still in the process of tweaking it .
We 're also looking for some feedback and code contributions .
If you know a little Objective - C or just want to learn , you can check out the code at http://github.com/oalders/iCPAN.
The module processing is written in Perl and the app itself is in Objective - C and they could both use some improvements .
The app download itself is about 60 MB and it expands to around 300 MB on installation .
There are well over 50,000 individual modules represented and you can browse them and follow links via our built in web browser .
Please let me know what you think .
Feature suggestions are also welcome .
Thirteen people from San Antonio , almost half of them former employees of a company that processes child - support payments for Texas and 15 other states , have been charged with diverting thousands of dollars of those payments to themselves .
Federal and state authorities arrested 11 of the suspects Monday , charging them with taking advantage of an $ 18.2 million contract the state has with Affiliated Computer Services to issue debit cards to Texans who are due child support .
Agents with the Secret Service and the Texas attorney general 's office were searching for the other two suspects .
According to six indictments unsealed Monday , the suspects diverted some of the debit cards to friends , relatives or associates and used them to buy things for themselves .
At least $ 275,000 might have been wrongly diverted from child support payments , though ACS and the attorney general 's office said the company , which was recently acquired by Xerox , has reimbursed the victims .
The indictments say the 13 acted in separate but similar schemes devised by six people who worked for ACS ' call center in San Antonio : Jose Arnoldo Serrano , 30 ; Christina Aguirre , 32 ; Irene Gomez White , 35 ; Mary Jane Urbina , 52 ; Leticia Robles , 40 ; and Rosie Shular , 30 .
Between October 2008 and June 2010 , the indictments say , the six inappropriately accessed the ACS computer system , obtained client information and sent debit cards to addresses of their choosing or shared the stolen information with associates so that they could call in , impersonate child - support recipients and get debit cards sent to them .
The other suspects are Maria Guadalupe Sandoval , 36 ; Maria del Puerto , 32 ; Clarita Hernandez , 58 ; Jeanette Solano , 31 ; Carla Garcia Cervera , 41 ; Crystal Vigil Cervera , 29 ; and Kandie Pope , 26 .
All but Crystal Cervera and Serrano were arrested Monday .
Seven of the other suspects were released on unsecured bond after court hearings Monday .
Solano and Aguirre were scheduled for hearings today .
Pope and Shular were being held pending hearings Wednesday .
The indictments include charges of mail fraud , access device fraud and aggravated identity theft .
If convicted , the suspects face a maximum of up to 20 years in prison .
Aggravated identity theft carries a mandatory two years in prison on top of whatever they might get on the other charges , Assistant U.S. Attorney Tom Moore said .
Jerry Strickland , a spokesman for the attorney general 's office , said the agency “ acted quickly to ensure ACS provided full payment to the affected child - support families . ”
ACS said it could not comment on the ongoing investigation but that it worked closely with law enforcement to identify those involved and will assist in their prosecution .
“ Most importantly , no child - support recipients were denied benefits , ” spokesman Ken Ericson said .
“ The affected cardholders have been notified and are receiving free credit monitoring to ensure their protection , and we have also reviewed and upgraded our internal security procedures .
The debit card system continues to be safe and reliable , and ACS is proud to serve more than a quarter - million cardholders in Texas . ”
ACS recently moved its local operations into a building that housed the Port San Antonio headquarters .
The company has plans to hire about 300 workers over the next 18 months to add to its 500 - plus employees now .
The City Council last year approved a $ 300,000 incentive to keep ACS from moving its operations out of San Antonio .
ACS said last year that it processes more than $ 8.5 billion in child - support payments every year through state contracts .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Aleem Maqbool on the rescue efforts
An airliner has crashed near the Pakistani capital , Islamabad , killing all 152 people on board .
The plane , a domestic flight from Karachi operated by the private company Airblue , came down in hills just north of the city as it was about to land .
There is no word on the cause of the crash .
At the time the area was shrouded in fog .
The air was heavy with a deathly smell of petrol , smoke and charred flesh Zeesha Zafar , BBC News , Islamabad Smoke , rain and bodies
Pakistani TV showed images of smouldering wreckage on a foggy hillside , with helicopters overhead .
The government has declared Thursday a day of national mourning for the victims .
Imtiaz Elahi , chairman of the Capital Development Authority , which deals with emergencies , said the crash was " heartbreaking " .
" It is a great tragedy , and I confirm it with pain that there are no survivors , " he told the Associated Press news agency .
The plane , reported to be an Airbus A321 with 146 passengers and six crew on board , is thought to have left Karachi at 0750 ( 0350 GMT ) .
Analysis Airblue is the largest of the private airlines which have sprung up in Pakistan in recent years .
The company and civil aviation officials say there was nothing in conversations between the pilot and the Islamabad control tower that suggests anything was wrong .
Although the country 's air industry has been booming , critics say standards have not always kept pace with the increase in services .
Pilots complain they are being forced to fly extra hours which they say leads to fatigue , a claim denied by the airlines .
Two Americans were among the victims , a US embassy spokesman said , but gave no further details .
Pakistan 's interior ministry initially said at least five survivors had been taken to hospital , but local officials later said those reports were wrong .
The flight data recorder has been found .
Recovery operations are being hampered by bad weather and the crash site , on a steep hill , has no roads .
The BBC's Lyse Doucet in Islamabad says helicopters found it hard to land in the midst of heavy fog , and smoke rising from the fire of the wreckage .
Aamir Ali Ahmed , a senior city government official , told Reuters news agency : " It 's a very difficult operation because of the rain .
Most of the bodies are charred . "
Rescue worker Dawar Adnan told Associated Press from the crash site : " I 'm seeing only body parts .
This is a very horrible scene . "
Express 24/7 television journalist Sabur Ali Sayed said : " The plane is totally destroyed , the pieces and parts scattered over a large distance . "
Image copyright bbc
It is the deadliest air disaster in Pakistan 's history .
Airblue spokesman Raheel Ahmed told reporters that the crash was " an extremely tragic incident " , adding that an investigation had been launched .
Airblue Image copyright Other One of Pakistan 's most respected airlines
Operates since 2004 on domestic and international routes
Uses A320 and A321 aircraft
Flight 202 is company 's first crash Key factors for crash probe Ordeal of crash relatives
The plane had no history of technical problems , he added .
It was leased by Airblue in January 2006 and had accumulated about 34,000 flight hours .
The BBC's Haroon Rashid in Islamabad saw the plane flying low over the capital .
" I was surprised to see the plane , because the area where I live is called a no - fly zone as it is close to some of Islamabad 's most important official buildings , including President House and parliament , " he said .
Other witnesses saw the plane flying towards the hills , and shortly after that heard a loud explosion and smoke billowing into the air .
Express 24/7 TV reporter Anjum Rahman said she saw the plane flying over the rooftops of houses where she lives .
" I wondered why the plane was n't flying higher as it was flying towards the hill .
Then within three or four minutes I heard a loud explosion , " she told the channel .
Initial reports said the flight had originated in Turkey .
But officials later said it was a domestic flight .
Two thirds ( 64 percent ) of New Yorkers favor legalizing medical marijuana .
More than half are leery of natural gas drilling in the state , according to the 2010 Empire State Poll from Cornell 's Survey Research Institute .
Between Feb. 1 and March 29 , 800 New York residents were interviewed by telephone about whether they support or oppose medical marijuana or gas drilling in the state .
New Yorkers ' responses to legalizing medical marijuana showed little variance between upstate and downstate residents .
More Democrats and Independents favor legalization , as do men ( 67 percent ) , whites ( 66 percent ) and people with higher incomes .
Only those who described themselves as conservative took a majority position against legalization ( 49 percent ) .
The medical marijuana debate hinges on whether it can be reclassified by the federal government from a Schedule I drug ( no accepted medical use , high potential for abuse , no circumstances under which medically supervised use is safe ) to a Schedule II drug ( high potential for abuse , some accepted medical use , abuse will lead to physical or psychological dependence ; this category includes crack and Ritalin ) , said Emily G. Owens , assistant professor of policy analysis and management , who commented on the survey .
" Currently , 14 states and the District of Columbia have some form of medical marijuana law , which generally ' legalizes ' medical marijuana by allowing doctors working in state - approved programs to conduct research on potential therapeutic uses of marijuana , allowing them to prescribe marijuana and discuss the potential medical benefits of the drug with their patients ; or allowing patients with a medical need to possess the drug , " Owens said .
States that classify marijuana as Schedule II have different laws about who can receive a prescription and how prescribed marijuana can be legally acquired .
" The federal classification of marijuana as a Schedule I drug hamstrings state laws , " Owens said .
" State - approved labs [ to grow the plant ] still need to meet federal standards , physicians still need to receive licenses from the federal ( not state ) government to prescribe drugs .
And the federal government appears to be far from ready to reclassify marijuana as a Schedule II drug .
However , it is possible that as more and more states pass such laws , congressional representatives from those states might have some incentive to change the federal policy . "
The poll 's second question asked which of the following statements best reflects your opinion about natural gas drilling in New York state ?
1 ) The revenues that would come to New York state from natural gas drilling outweigh any risk of contaminating the drinking water .
2 ) The risk of contaminating the drinking water outweighs any revenues that would come to New York state from natural gas drilling .
3 ) Do not know enough about the natural gas drilling issue .
More than half of state residents said contamination risk outweighs potential revenues -- an opinion held more strongly by people living in the nine counties in and around New York City ( 59 percent ) than upstaters ( 43 percent ) .
More women ( 57 percent ) than men ( 49 percent ) also said the risk was n't worth it .
Thirty - two percent of people in households with more than $ 100,000 in income said the risk to drinking water was worth potential revenue , and a quarter of all those polled agreed .
Most non-white respondents ( 65 percent ) said risk outweighs revenues .
" This issue has been very polarizing in many communities , and there is still active research on many aspects of Marcellus shale drilling , " said Trisha Smrecak of the Cornell - affiliated Paleontological Research Institution .
Read more about the poll and methodology at https://sri.cornell.edu/sri/esp.reports.cfm.
The 26 - year - old northern Canadian magazine , Up Here , has published its first swimsuit issue to draw attention to climate change .
Its latest edition , out this week , features 10 swimsuit - clad women posing in threatened northern landscapes such as burnt - out forests and melting icescapes .
Why swimsuits ?
" When you want to get attention in a room full of people talking , you tend to yell , " writes Tim Querengesser on Up Here 's blog .
" So , when we decided to dedicate an entire issue to climate change in the North ... we knew we'd have to yell to be heard above the already deafening howl . "
Up Here , based in Yellowknife and named magazine of the year at the National Magazine Awards in June , focuses on northern culture , lifestyle , arts and travel .
" It was n't long ago that you 'd never see a bikini up North , " the magazine says in introducing its swimsuit spread .
" But if our territories keep warming a degree per decade , swimsuits will one day replace parkas .
What may be jarring now wo n't be jarring soon . "
Shannon Ripley of Ecology North , a Yellowknife - based environmental group , asked why the magazine did n't also feature scantily - clad men , reports the Canadian Broadcasting Centre .
" We liked the idea of … taking this sort of stereotypical ' swimsuit issue ' concept that Sports Illustrated has made sort of legendary , and putting a total Arctic twist on it , " the magazine 's editor Aaron Spitzer says in the story .
" And they do n't put guys in their swimsuit issues . "
The stage has been set .
This Sunday , July 11 , it will be the Netherlands vs. Spain .
This could very well be a classic .
History has already been made with the World Cup being staged in South Africa for the first time .
Spain seemed to be the underdog as they struggled in the tournament .
The team had their ups and downs as they suffered a loss to Switzerland .
Then they gained their composure by annihilating Honduras and pulling off a win against Chile .
Once again they shut out their opponents Portugal and Paraguay .
The Netherlands has been extraordinary throughout the world cup .
They are undefeated throughout the series .
Handing loses , including a shutout against Japan , beating Cameroon in a tough 2 - 1 victory and same with
Slovakia and Brazil .
Uruguay put up a good fight but without their star could n’t pull of a victory and lost 2 - 3 to the Netherlands .
This World Cup final is a very good match up .
The Netherlands has a great offense with its forwards that can cut right through most defenses , but Spain is known for having one of the strongest defenses .
Spain is also one of the best passing teams out there so that can be a factor for the Netherlands since they have a slow defense .
This game means so much to the both teams not only because it is the championship game but because they have never won a world cup .
They have a chance to make history and win one for the first time .
Photo : Spain attempting to score a goal against Germany .
Hassan Ammar / AP
The remains of former Romanian Communist dictator Nicolae Ceausescu and his wife Elena were exhumed from their graves in Bucharest on Wednesday in order to finally confirm their identities .
" I saw the bodies ; I recognized his black winter coat with some holes in it .
I tend to believe the remains are those of my in - laws , but I cannot be 100 percent sure until the tests are performed , " Mircea Oprean , the husband of the Ceausescus ' late daughter Zoia , told reporters at the Ghencea cemetery .
" If my wife Zoia had been alive , this would have been the happiest day of her life , " he added .
The bodies were reburied after forensic experts took tissue samples for the DNA tests , which are expected to take six months before yielding results of the identities .
Long- running mystery
The original identity request was made by Ceausescu 's children over 10 years ago , who doubted that their parents were really buried in the graves with their names on them .
The mystery of Ceausescu 's remains will soon be solved
A Bucharest court approved the exhumation back in 2008 , but the procedure was repeatedly delayed .
Meanwhile , only one of the three Ceausescu children remains alive - son Valentin , who is now 62 .
Nicolae and Elena Ceausescu were court - martialed and executed on Christmas Day , 1989 , by an elite army paratrooper squad at an army base near the town of Targoviste .
After the execution , the bodies were buried without fanfare , giving rise to doubts whether the graves in Bucharest really contained their remains .
Ceausescu was the leader of the Romanian Communist Party from 1965 and the country 's president from 1974 until his death .
Author : Gabriel Borrud ( AP/ dpa )
Editor : Rob Turner
Do n't Rape , Part I
Society teaches ' Do n’t get raped ' rather than ' Do n’t rape '
by Hilary Beaumont
The Dominion - http://www.dominionpaper.ca
Hilary Beaumont Photo : Share Del.icio
Why do we ask survivors to take responsibility for having been raped ?
Disclaimer : Some scenes in this story may be triggering for people who have experienced sexual assault .
Names in this story have been changed to protect the identities of sexual assault survivors .
HALIFAX — Jenna never wants to see her purple semi-formal dress again .
She loves it , but she is reminded of that night in early April when someone slipped what she suspects was Ketamine into her drink .
When she finished class at 4 pm that day , Jenna rushed to her friend ’s place to get ready .
She wore her mom ’s sparkly earrings and bracelet , black kitten heels and the silky , knee - length dress .
It was the end - of - the - year celebration she ’d been waiting for — a chance to blow off some steam with her friends and classmates at Dalhousie .
She remembers everything about that night — feeling happy , dancing to bad music with her friends at The Palace — up to a point .
It ’s as if the rest of the evening did n’t happen .
She woke up in her bed feeling nauseous and hung over .
She stepped into the shower and felt bruises on her chest .
It took her the rest of the day to piece together what happened .
When she did , she felt embarrassed .
She recalled blurry flashbacks of a man in her room , on the third floor of her house .
He was white , but she does n’t remember anything else about him , only that he sat there in her computer chair , looking at her from across the room .
Jenna asked him to leave , but he would n’t .
Hilary Beaumont Photo : A short skirt is not an invitation .
At the hospital , nurses confirmed her suspicions with a rape kit .
They gave her a list of side effects associated with Ketamine , a “ date rape ” drug .
Her symptoms fit perfectly .
The police took her pretty purple dress for DNA evidence .
We tell women to cover their drinks , to dress conservatively , and to walk home in groups — never alone at night .
While Jenna still thinks those are great ideas , she says they did n’t work for her .
She covered her drink as often as she could that night , and she stuck with her friends .
Jenna worries no - one is looking at the big picture .
It ’s not her fault she was raped ; she does n’t take responsibility .
Instead , she blames the man who raped her .
Too often the media , the police , our parents and even our friends are quicker to point out flaws in sexual assault survivors ’ actions .
" Do n’t get raped "
Section 271 ( 1 ) of the Criminal Code of Canada defines “ simple sexual assault ” as :
Any attack of a sexual nature in which force is used .
No physical injury is necessary to prove that an offence has occurred .
When prosecuted as an indictable offence , this form of sexual assault carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison .
Nova Scotia has the highest rate of sexual assaults in the country — double the national average , according to a 2009 report by the Nova Scotia Advisory Council on the Status of Women .
A 2006 Halifax Regional Police report shows that on average one sexual offence is reported per day in Halifax .
However , a 2005 Juristat report showed only eight per cent of sexual assaults are reported in Nova Scotia .
This year in Halifax the Avalon Sexual Assault Centre declared May Sexual Assault Awareness Month .
On May 20 , at Province House , politicians and community members spoke out publicly against sexual assault .
Avalon ’s mission is to shift responsibility from the survivor to the attacker by educating the public .
The centre defines sexual assault as : “ Any form of sexual activity that has been forced by one person upon another .
Without consent , it is sexual assault .
Sexual assault can happen between people of the same or opposite sex .
It includes any unwanted act of a sexual nature such as kissing , fondling , oral sex , intercourse or other forms of penetration , either vaginal or anal . ”
Before we begin our interview , Jackie Stevens , the Avalon Co-ordinator of Community Education , closes her door , as she usually does when someone comes into her office .
When a woman , or sometimes a man , sits in the comfy chair beside her desk , Stevens — wearing electric - blue cat - eye glasses — does n’t judge or offer advice .
Instead she gives the person plenty of information so he or she can make an educated decision .
Too often the people who sit in that chair blame themselves .
“ If I had n’t trusted that person , if I had n’t gone out drinking with my friends , this would n’t have happened to me , ” the sexual assault survivors tell Stevens .
Rather than automatically thinking that way , she says society needs to see that an attacker has chosen to take advantage of someone who is vulnerable .
When Stevens reads articles about drunk driving , the police are quoted telling people to stop drinking and driving .
But when she reads articles about sexual assault , there is no warning telling would - be attackers not to rape .
Instead , the authorities tell potential victims to take precautions .
She does n’t claim to see every article , but yellowing copies of the Chronicle Herald are piled alongside today ’s issue in a bin behind her .
In a Metro News article from March 19 , 2010 , Dalhousie University spokesperson Billy Comeau told students to “ be aware of their surroundings and to take all precautions when they are out travelling ” in response to a man grabbing a 19 - year - old female student from behind in Halifax ’s South End .
In a Chronicle Herald article from May 14 , 2010 , a prosecutor told parents to “ watch what their children are doing , both online and within the proximity of their house and outside the house , ” in response to a Halifax woman allegedly luring a girl over the Internet and sexually assaulting her .
“ Rather than always putting out the messages of ‘ do n’t walk alone ’ or ‘ do n’t drink ’ or ‘ do n’t talk to strangers ’— all of those things — we need to say ‘ do n’t sexually assault , ’ ” Stevens declares .
As a result of these misplaced messages , we say , " She should n’t have been walking home alone late at night , " or , " She should n’t have worn a short skirt , " rather than , " He should n’t have raped her . "
The way a woman dresses or acts does not cause or prevent sexual assault ; an attacker rapes someone because they want to exert power and control over him or her .
The attacker is solely responsible for the crime .
However , this responsibility is lost in translation through the police , the courts and the media .
Eighty - four per cent of people over the age of 15 who are sexually assaulted are women , according to the 2009 Status of Women Canada report .
More than 90 per cent of those accused are men .
Sexual assault is a social problem , Stevens says , with lingering patriarchal structures * at the root of offenses by men toward women .
“ There ’s a lot of perception of sexual assault as an isolated incident that happens to certain people and it ’s perceived as a very individual issue .
The Avalon Centre takes the approach that sexual assault is a social issue and that the root causes are based in patriarchy , violence , oppression and inequality .
Sexual violence is just one form of how that inequality and power imbalance is played out . ”
Stevens says sexual assault and violence against women is interconnected with sexism and other forms of oppression such as racism , homophobia , and discrimination based on disability , gender identity , cultural background and lifestyle choices .
“ Often times people who do experience sexual violence may be targeted for very specific reasons because of their vulnerability , ” she says .
Jane Doe* , a local activist who also works at the Dalhousie Women ’s Centre , would n’t be considered pushy if she were a man .
Her voice is louder than the average woman’s .
Her tone is aggressive .
“ If I ’m too confident , I ’m a bitch , ” she says .
Doe agrees that the root causes of male to female sexual assault are male privilege and the imbalance of power .
“ Women were n’t legally human beings until 1920 .
If you ’re property up until 1920 , what role did sexual assault play in the world ?
Zero .
There ’s no such thing as rape — only for women .
The pressure was on women to not allow men to ‘ ruin ’ them because women ’s value and worth was placed in their virginity , their purity , so they could sell their sexuality to a man as property . ”
As a result of historical imbalances , she says young men often feel entitled to “ get drunk and get laid , ” especially in a university atmosphere .
One in five male university students surveyed in a 2006 StatsCan study said forced intercourse was alright “ if he spends money on her , ” “ if he ’s stoned or drunk , ” or “ if they have been dating for a long time . ”
One in five Canadian women surveyed in a Juristat report said they had unwanted sex with a man because they were overwhelmed by the man ’s continued arguments and pressure .
“ If we can change the response and how we think about sexual assault then we will change the rates of sexual assaults because it becomes less natural , less normalized ; there ’s more public scrutiny and judgment around it , ” Doe says .
“ The problem is , it ’s very much a part of male culture . ”
* According to Avalon , “ patriarchy ” refers to “ the current societal framework , the structure of which has historically kept men in positions of power and authority in society , and has encouraged the domination of other nations , races and cultures of people for economic and political gain . ”
In the not - so - distant past , women were placed in inferior roles and their sexual , financial and personal autonomy were suppressed .
That framework still lingers today ; women are still not equal to men .
* Name has been changed .
Hilary Beaumont is a freelance journalist and editor in Halifax , and a contributing member of the Halifax Media Co-op .
This story was produced by the Halifax Media Co-op .
Hey , you know what America needs ?
More novelty fast food sandwiches !
Unwilling to be outdone by Sonic , which unveiled their new Footlong Quarter Pound Coney earlier this month , Carl 's Jr. is testing Footlong Cheeseburgers at their Santa Ana , California locations .
Unsure of whether it is a sub or a burger , the Footlong Cheeseburger consists of several small beef patties on bread that " seems a little off , " according to Food Beast man in the field , Elie .
The Footlong Cheeseburger comes in normal and " Deluxe , " which adds onions , lettuce and tomatoes .
Other than that , it just seems like a normal cheeseburger , but longer .
So , on a scale of one to ten , one being a plain slice of white bread and ten being a chocolate - dipped Double Down on a stick , we 'll put this at about a two .
[ Republished from www.eater.com.
Authored by Paula Forbes . ]
Choose your character and play a best - of - three game match to try to get through to the next round .
If you make it to the final , you 'll have to beat Winston to be crowned champion .
CONTROL KEYS
( Player 2 in brackets ) :
Up = E or cursor up ( T )
Down = D/ cursor down ( G )
Left = Y or cursor left ( F )
Right = U or cursor right ( H )
Hit = Press spacebar ( Z )
Shift for Player 1
Pause = P
Quit = Q
Top tip :
Move into position first , then press spacebar when the ball is there to be hit !
Related BBCi links :
Just this week , the French zoo Jardin des Plantes debuted two playful female Clouded Leopard cubs named Pati and Jaya .
Born back in May , the zoo held off on announcing the births until they were certain mother and cubs were all in good health .
Population estimates for the Clouded Leopard are challenging because the shy cats are so good at avoiding detection , but it is known that they are threatened by habitat loss and poaching in their native home of Southeast Asia .
Photo credits : F - G Grandin / MNHN
The wild side : Britain's 20 weirdest pets 400731.bin
Koi : Keeping koi is as close to art as animal husbandry gets .
Even the ponds in which they are kept should be made suitable for this most noble of fish , which has been bred in Japan since the early 19th century .
Although the koi is a relative of our humble goldfish , there are dozens of different , exotic ( and expensive : some can set you back £ 400 each ) breeds to choose from , but the most common is the classic orangey - red and white kohaku .
Contact Koi Water Garden Ltd of Aylesbury , Bucks on 01844 342390 or visit koicarp.org.uk
Koi : Keeping koi is as close to art as animal husbandry gets .
Even the ponds in which they are kept should be made suitable for this most noble of fish , which has been bred in Japan since the early 19th century .
Although the koi is a relative of our humble goldfish , there are dozens of different , exotic ( and expensive : some can set you back £ 400 each ) breeds to choose from , but the most common is the classic orangey - red and white kohaku .
Contact Koi Water Garden Ltd of Aylesbury , Bucks on 01844 342390 or visit koicarp.org.uk
Alamy
Mel Watkins ( left ) and Cy Gonick at the 1969 NDP National Convention .
The Waffle is long dead and little remembered .
Forty years ago , at the very tail - end of the fabulous decade known as the 60s – if you missed it , too bad – it burst on the scene as a radical grouping within the NDP with a Manifesto calling for an independent socialist Canada , no less , and did so to media attention the likes of which the Left has yet to match .
The 60s were already in trouble , Richard Nixon having been elected president of the United States and leader of the free world in 1968 .
Here at home , by 1972 the NDP establishment , an alliance of party and trade union brass , was unwilling to tolerate the Waffle talk inside and outside the party .
It was even less willing to tolerate the Waffle walk as it pushed the choice of David Lewis as federal leader in 1971 to a fifth ballot , and joined strikers on picket lines whether or not the union was affiliated with the NDP .
Too weak to win and too strong to be tolerated , the Waffle was , in effect , turfed out of the party .
It struggled on , like a dead man walking , and by 1974 was no more .
By then the 60s were also truly dead and buried .
A Vibrant Sovereignty Movement
Forty years later , does the Waffle have anything to show for its brief but luminous existence ?
Its discourse was that of left nationalism , of opposition to foreign ownership , and of calls for public ownership , particularly in the energy sector .
In the 70s , the Trudeau government went tentatively down that road and Wafflers could imagine they had had some influence , but the Mulroney government undid it all and tossed in a free trade agreement with the U.S. to boot .
( I wonder who paid Mulroney in what hotel room to do that ? )
Nothing to take credit for there , you say , and you ’re right , except that the concern about Canadian sovereignty , got a huge jolt of energy out of the 60s , so the Waffle can claim some credit .
That rejuvenated nationalism , in its turn , though unable to stop free trade , made it a very close thing and has since been able sufficiently to sustain itself to keep us out of the Iraq war and the missile defense system .
The Waffle should be judged as part and parcel of the still vibrant sovereignty movement : think , for example , of the Council of Canadians , Parklands Institute , Polaris Institute , and the Rideau Institute – and the growing self - confidence that Canadians have about Canada ’s survival independent of the United States .
There are two specific and substantial matters on which the Waffle showed remarkable prescience .
The Manifesto insisted that Canada consisted of two nations – there was no notion then of the rights of the First Nations and the Waffle was as bad as the rest on the issue of aboriginal rights .
Even two nations was one too many for then Prime Minister Trudeau , yet it is now embraced even by Harper .
James Laxer , in his campaign as Waffle candidate for federal party leadership in 1971 , courageously made Quebec ’s right to self - determination a centrepiece .
Even many English Canadian nationalists would not buy that at that time .
And then there was the matter of the very real contradiction that existed within the NDP where Canadian nationalism was lauded everywhere except in the trade union movement itself .
The Canadian labour movement , unlike any other trade union movement in the known world , was dominated by unions domiciled outside the country , namely , so - called international unions with headquarters in the U.S .
The Waffle deserved its name because it waffled on this issue : the Canadianization of the Canadian labour movement .
It was not even mentioned in the Manifesto .
But there quickly emerged within the Waffle a Labour Caucus of militant trade unionists supporting independent Canadian unions .
The Pull Between the Party and the Movement
The movement to purge the Waffle was led by the Canadian leaders of these branch plant unions .
Yet in a matter of two decades , almost all these Canadian branches of international unions had broken with their American masters and Canada had , for the first time in its history , a sovereign trade union movement .
I note simply that , again , the Waffle was on the side of history and , again , good history .
From the days of the CCF down to today , there has been constant discussion about the “ party ” and the “ movement . ”
The CCF , at least in the West , was able to put these together , but the creation of the NDP out of the CCF was in some part intended to purge the movement .
The Waffle was in the party but , with its commitment to day - to - day activism , acted like a movement .
It activated riding associations .
It organized around issues relevant to Canadian workers without deferring to union leaders , notably in the case of the auto - workers .
That , more than anything else , pushed the leadership of the Canadian auto workers to lead the charge against the Waffle .
To its great credit , after the CAW was created as a breakaway from the UAW , it apologized for its role in the killing of the Waffle .
The point was often made , particularly by critics of the Waffle , that it mostly consisted of university students and young professors .
That was an overstatement , but it ’s hardly surprising that the Waffle had a strong campus orientation given that that was true overall of much of 60s activism .
In the longer - run , there was the considerable virtue that Wafflers , then and later , made a significant contribution to the creation of the New Canadian Political Economy , a paradigm that has left its stamp down to the present day on numerous academic disciplines .
The case can be made that the most important movement that came out of the 60s was women ’s liberation .
Again , to its discredit , the Waffle Manifesto was silent on this issue , but a Women ’s Caucus emerged early on and played an active role .
The Waffle died .
What happened to the Wafflers ?
Some left the NDP for good .
Others , like myself , drifted back over time .
Some became active in the newly emerging social movements .
I was out of the party for a decade and returned because I loved politics and felt sidelined .
I twice ran , in 1997 and 2000 , as a federal candidate in what was thought to be a winnable riding but turned out not to be .
I was sometimes asked how a radical like I was could now run for the NDP .
I like to recall what Cheddi Jagan said .
He had been a Marxist chief minister of then British Guiana and was pushed out with a little help from the CIA .
Years later , he was elected president of an independent Guyana as a social democrat .
When asked by a reporter why he had changed , he said “ I have n’t changed but the world sure has . ”
A question that no one has ever asked me but I will answer anyway is :
If I were writing a manifesto today , what would I write about ?
The Waffle Manifesto railed against American imperialism and called for public ownership to counter it , but was silent on environmental matters like almost everybody else , though there were voices within the Waffle , which the rest of us chose to ignore .
Today ’s manifesto should rail against corporate globalization and call for the building of viable local economies , both in their own right and to lessen carbon emissions and mitigate the global warming and climate change that now haunt us .
Mel Watkins is a Canadian political economist and activist .
He is professor emeritus of economics and political science at the University of Toronto .
This article appeared in the November / December 2009 issue of Canadian Dimension ( End Times in Copenhagen ) .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Overall look and feel
Keyboard
Contact management and social networking
Email and messaging
SMS
Browser
Zune
Camera and photo management
Marketplace
Office
Xbox Live
Maps
Search
Wrap-up
What you 've likely already seen of the Windows Phone 7 user interface has n't changed dramatically in the months since the announcement of the OS , but it has been majorly tightened up and tweaked .
As before the " Metro " UI is in full effect here , meaning lots of very 2D , stark blocks of color and text .
Actually , 2D is n't quite right -- the interface utilizes a lot of layers within a single page , so when you 're swiping through menus you get a kind of parallax scrolling effect reminiscent of 16 bit side - scrollers ( think Castlevania for the SNES ) .
It actually works really well here , giving a sense of depth and detail but not detracting from the content Microsoft is putting up front .
Of course , the controversial cut - off text is still present , and while we happen to like the way it looks , it 's definitely an acquired taste , and there are times when it just does n't work , like in the Office hub where PowerPoint looks like it reads " PowerPoir .
"
We were extremely surprised and impressed by the software 's touch responsiveness and speed .
In fact , this is probably the most accurate and nuanced touch response this side of iOS4 .
It 's kind of stunning how much work Microsoft has done on the user experience since we first saw this interface -- everything now comes off as a tight , cohesive whole .
It really put one of our major fears about Windows Phone 7 to rest .
We have n't seen any substantial lag while using the device , and the short transitions between applications or pages are well suited to the overall experience .
Getting around the OS really comes down to three main sections : the homepage " tiles , " ( a list of glanceable information , updates , and favorite apps or people ) , the application list ( an alphabetical list of all your applications ) , and the " hub " pages ( really a kind of in between point that 's sandwiched between a full on app and a menu ) .
We found the overall navigation of the UI to be really quite intuitive , despite the fact that a good number of options and in - app menus are accessible only through a long press ... something you 're not really made aware of in most cases .
The long press becomes a bit like the skeleton key of the OS -- you just have to try it and see what kind of functionality it unlocks .
Once you get into the habit of holding down on items instead of wildly searching for the next screen or tile , it makes a lot of sense , but it does take some getting used to .
Windows
Phone 7 relies on a drop down , Android - like window shade to show when you 've got a new SMS message , so Microsoft is already besting Apple there , and if you 're playing music in the background , you 're able to bring up your controls by tapping one of the volume buttons .
Weirdly , that same area up top is used to show your signal , battery , and WiFi status , but it only drops down if you touch or swipe the upper part of the screen .
And in some apps ( like pictures ) it does n't appear at all .
We 're not sure why Microsoft does n't want to make that info consistent , but it seems like wasted effort to have to call it up manually .
Oh , and guys , please add a percentage meter to that battery icon .
Other flourishes in the UI come in the form of subtle animations when something is loading or syncing -- a series of tiny dots that appear and coalesce in the upper portion of the screen .
A small touch , but it 's nice to know the phone is thinking or working .
Otherwise , the UI mostly gets out of your way -- is most apps there are n't a plethora of controls or options immediately visible .
Just you and your content ... and it actually really works here .
There are two big omissions here , in our opinion .
The device wo n't support copy and paste , and wo n't support third - party multitasking of apps .
We knew this would be the case given what we heard at MIX10 , but it does n't stink any less now .
The former really does n't make any sense to us , especially since Microsoft did a good job of nailing text editing and selection ( at least in Word , and really ... you guys make Word ) , and it looks like it would only be a short walk to a contextual pop-over for copy and paste functions .
The latter is practically inexcusable in this day and age -- even Apple ( which has been a complete laggard in this area ) now supports basic multitasking .
When we heard in our meeting with Microsoft that the phone would n't even support something as simple as Pandora background streaming , our minds were a little blown .
It 's doubly irritating given the fact that just like in iPhone 1.0 , the first - party apps are free to background all they want ( mail loads , the browser pulls down pages , music plays in the background , etc. ) , so there is n't any technical reason why they could n't extend some of this functionality to other applications .
We 're hoping that by some magical twist of fate these two items get addressed before launch ... but we 're not holding our breath .
Still , those issues aside , Windows Phone 7 is easily the most unique UI in the smartphone race right now , and the real perk here is that it does n't just seem like an arbitrary decision to make things look different than other OSs -- there is real purpose and utility to a lot of what Microsoft has come up with .
Let 's just put this up front : the keyboard in Windows Phone 7 is really , really good .
We 're talking nearly as good as the iPhone keyboard , and definitely better than the stock Android option .
It 's one of the best and most accurate virtual keyboards we 've used on any platform -- and that 's saying a lot .
The phone we had to test with is actually rather narrow despite its screen size ( 3.7 - inches ) and resolution ( the Windows Phone 7 standard 480 x 800 ) .
So while typing was sometimes a little cramped horizontally , it was never a chore .
The WP7 keyboard is as simple and clean as the rest of the OS , showcasing little more than rows of monochromatic keys ( white on black or black on white depending on your app ) , which pop -up a letter above them when depressed .
Hold on a key and you get additional options for accents , just as you 'd expect .
The general layout offers a familiar placement of the shift , return , and number / punctuation keys , but adds an emoticon button as well .
Frankly , we could have done with a little more room down there in its place .
Still , Microsoft has made some smart decisions here , such as always having the comma and period keys present , double taps for periods , and our personal favorite , mimicking the iPhone 's behavior of pressing on the punctuation key and being able to slide your finger to your desired character instead of requiring three presses .
We were surprised at how refined the keyboard is -- when we saw it at MWC and MIX10 , things were still quite stuttery and uneven .
Those days are certainly gone , and we think Microsoft got this aspect of the phone 's UI pitch perfect .
Windows
Phone 7 does n't have " contacts , " per se -- it has a People app , and there 's quite a difference .
This is a thoroughly social platform , and it does n't really seek to make any sort of differentiation between people you talk to / text / email , those you just casually observe , and those with whom you 're " friends " in name only .
If that kind of philosophy reeks of Motorola Blur or Palm Synergy , you 're on the right track ; as soon as you add a Windows Live , Exchange , or Facebook account , it pulls in every contact associated with that account and disperses associated content throughout your entire phone -- there 's nothing you can do about it .
That means , for example , that your Pictures app could have a bunch of shots of your ex's aunt 's new boyfriend 's dog in it ( more on that in a bit ) , and there 's not a whole lot you can do to stop that behavior without completely removing your Facebook account from the phone .
With Exchange , this strategy is probably fine in most cases -- contact sync is one of the main reasons you use Exchange ActiveSync , really -- but seriously , Facebook is another matter altogether .
If you 've got a lot of Facebook friends , this renders your People app all but useless as a traditional phone contact list .
So , say you 're looking for someone 's phone number : if you 're a normal human being with maybe a couple hundred or fewer actual contacts , you 're used to just flicking through your contact list to get to whomever you need .
With Windows Phone 7 , though , Facebook has puked all over that list , so Microsoft instead recommends you search for what you 're looking for ( matching names filter as you type ) , pin extremely frequent contacts as tiles on your home screen , or make use of People 's Recent list , which auto - populates with contacts that you 've recently used .
We think the solution is pretty simple : Facebook just needs to be sandboxed a little bit more .
Optimally , Microsoft would go with the Android philosophy , which allows the user to choose whether to import all their Facebook contacts to their contact list , sync the information for contacts that are already in the local list , or not to sync at all ; meanwhile , you 've got an actual Facebook app you can go check out if you want to see your full list of friends .
Currently , Windows Phone 7 has no dedicated Facebook app , so that 's part of the problem -- your Facebook friends simply have no place to live other than your primary contact list .
Alternatively , they could do what Blur does and import everything but at least still give you the option of filtering by contact type so you do n't need to see the Facebook noise .
What 's strangest about all of this , though , is that as socially - aware as Windows Phone 7 seeks to be , there 's not a lick of Twitter integration to be found .
For some , Twitter is every bit as important as Facebook -- if not more so -- and it seems like a glaring omission ( MySpace is n't there either , but we 're far more willing to forgive them for that ) .
All of the UI infrastructure is there to make Twitter an easy addition , because the People app lets you see a stream of status updates from your social networks and tapping on an individual contact gives you access to a stream of their updates alone ; plus , the phone comes equipped with a " Me " tile on the home screen that you can tap to update the networks of your choosing ( just Windows Live and Facebook for now ) .
Twitter is the perfect fit , they 've just got to make it happen .
As with most smartphones these days , email setup in Windows Phone 7 is relatively automated and painless , and there are plenty of options to go with most people 's leanings .
When you initially boot the phone , you 're asked to provide a Windows Live ID , though it 's not necessary to use one .
On the email setup screen , you 're provided with self - configuring options for the aforementioned Live , Outlook , Yahoo !
Mail , and Gmail .
You also get options for manual setup of POP or IMAP accounts .
As heavy Gmail users , the option was obvious for us , and you 'll be happy to know that Microsoft provides full ( well , almost full ) EAS support for Google accounts .
After a little bump in the road caused by our hosted account not having its mobile sync options switched on ( a problem on our side ) , we were off and running .
Contacts and calendars came along for the ride , though we noted a problem right off the bat with calendar sync -- only our primary Google calendar was syncing , apparently a limitation which Microsoft says they 're working on .
The plan is for full EAS calendar syncing , but the company does n't know if they 'll have it in time for launch .
You 're provided with a number of sync frequency options , including push , 15 minutes , 30 minutes , hourly , and manual updating .
Push seemed to work relatively smoothly , though we can't comment on battery drain because this version of the OS and demo hardware are n't optimized yet .
The email app on the phone is pretty terrific on the whole , providing a clean , clear layout and upfront options for your most - used functions .
In the standard inbox view you get your emails with one line of a message preview , and you can swipe right or left for sorting options by unread , flagged , or urgent ( on top of the standard folder view ) .
We found the inclusion of the unread view especially helpful when triaging our inbox .
What was n't helpful , however was the lack of threaded messaging .
We pretty much expect everyone to have this figured out by now , but somehow Apple slept on it , Palm has n't stepped up to the plate , and now Microsoft is leaving us high and dry .
We pressed the company on whether or not it would be included , and the word was that it was planned for , but there was no telling if it would be happening by launch ( our takeaway was pretty much that it would n't make the cut ) .
On the bright side , multiple message management is executed here better than most mobile email apps we 've used , requiring only that you tap to the far left of a message to engage your checkboxes .
It definitely sped up the process of killing or moving mail .
Also nice was the fact that in a standard message view , when you delete an email you 're kicked back to your inbox -- not to the next message .
If you 're like us , you do n't want to read an email before you 're good and ready .
Along the bottom of the display you have icons for creating a new message , viewing folders ( that mysteriously does n't display all folder by default ) , multi-message editing ( which seems superfluous ) , and refresh .
Tapping the search button while in mail gets you to a pretty powerful search which parses subjects , message content , senders , and receivers all at once .
It made it astoundingly easy to find what we were looking for with almost no hesitation .
Unfortunately , it only searches messages downloaded onto the device , so if you 're looking for that long lost password , you 're out of luck here .
Additionally , you can tell the app to sync individual folders , but it does n't seem to peer into those during searches anyhow .
Another thing to note -- there 's no combined inbox here .
In fact , when you create a new mail account , it places what amounts to a separate app for that inbox into your application list .
Likewise , to access it from the homescreen you need to pin that separate app to the front page .
We would like to see an option to have multiple items inside of one tile ( not dissimilar from the iPhone 's new folders ) where you could bundle things like your mail accounts into one place .
Of course , it would be preferable just to have a combined inbox .
Overall , the mail experience is solid , but not best in class .
There 's a lot here that is laudable ( like the sheer snappiness of it ) , but there 's also a fair amount that 's missing .
We 'd really like to see Microsoft strive for threaded messaging , joined inboxes , and an improved server - side search by the time this hits the market , but we 're guessing that 's asking a lot .
The SMS / MMS app in Windows Phone 7 is fairly barebones , but it definitely gets the job done , and looks pretty good while doing it .
Microsoft has adopted the all - too - familiar speech balloon motif for this view , and while we can't gripe too hard about that , we wish the company would differentiate sender and receiver by color ( even lighter and darker shades of the same color ) .
We found that with the same color used for both incoming and outgoing messages , conversations could get a little confusing .
Creating and sending messages is fairly straightforward , and MMS ( at least photos ) display inline , but can be saved to your phone as well .
Long pressing on individual messages gives you the option to delete or forward them , while in the list view of all your conversations , a long press gets you the option to delete the whole thread .
There 's not much to it , but it works as advertised .
We did run into a few problems , however .
One of our test units had a persistent display issues which caused lots of text to overlap , while our other unit started taking ages to go back from a conversation view to the list of conversations .
We know this is still unfinished software , but this feels like something that should be already squared away .
For as much crap as Internet Explorer gets ( less , admittedly , now that the debacle of IE6 is finally starting to fade ) , we 've got to say that web browsing on Windows Phone 7 is actually a really pleasant experience .
Our understanding is that it 's essentially using desktop - class code , bits and pieces of Internet Explorer 7 and 8 tossed together and massaged into something that 'll look ( and work ) better on a smaller display with less horsepower .
Loading the desktop version of Engadget was just a hair slower than an iPhone 4 , and just as importantly , rendering new parts of the page as you scroll is plenty fast -- not instantaneous , but fast enough so that you never find yourself consciously waiting for it to catch up .
Zooming -- which is accomplished with a pinch gesture , of course -- is buttery smooth .
The phone accomplishes this in the same way you 're probably used to from other devices : when you first zoom in , it uses the same render resolution so that it can at least show you something without going blank , then it renders the appropriate level of detail as it catches up ( Google Maps works the same way on almost every platform ) .
It works well .
Zooming out to see as much of the page as possible is n't quite as pretty ; in its current incarnation , the browser seems to be using a pretty awful scaling algorithm , and small text looks like a jumble of jaggy , meaningless blocks without a hint of anti-aliasing .
We 'll admit , it makes browsing just a little less fun , even though you can't really read anything at those zoom levels regardless .
There is n't a lot of bonus functionality , but we appreciated the " pin to start " option that lets you turn a page into a home screen tile , complete with a miniaturized view of the site ( of course , there are standard bookmarks available as well ) .
Tabs are also supported ; on our test device , they were limited to a maximum of six , which we would assume will be true of all Windows Phone 7 devices -- but let 's be honest , you probably do n't need more than six open tabs at a time on your phone , and if you do , you should be in front of a laptop anyway .
The tabs all continue to load independently regardless of whether they 're active or not , which is nice , and does n't seem to have much of a negative impact on overall browser performance .
Neither Flash nor Silverlight are currently supported on pages , and as anyone with an iPhone can attest , that 's generally not a problem ( though we'd be curious to see what kind of performance they could achieve ) .
Of course , the real kicker is that you do n't get HTML5 video support either , which makes the browser situation somewhat painful .
There 's not even a YouTube app on the phone !
Microsoft -- you 've got to step it up on the video front if you want to play this game .
One other thing that did concern us was that a number of sites that detect our iPhone and Android devices to show mobile sites do n't detect Windows Phone 7 properly -- a key example being Gmail , which shows you a nasty WAP - compatible site designed as the least common denominator for data - capable dumbphones -- but we imagine this will be a quick fix for most publishers if the platform gets enough traction to justify making mobile IE - compatible versions .
If you know the Zune HD , then there wo n't be many surprises here ( except , of course , this is a real Zune experience on a phone you might actually want to own ) .
The Zune integration is rather seamless on Windows Phone 7 , allowing you to browse and play what you have in your library , sync music and video back and forth to your PC , and if you have a Zune Pass subscription , you can grab whatever you like ( well , almost ) right on the phone without hesitation .
In general , we like the combo here , but there were times when the Zune interface was a bit confusing .
Sometimes it was hard to know what section of the player you 're in -- the line between previewing and listening is very fine here .
In fact , you can listen to a preview clip while doing other things on the phone ( one of the places you see Microsoft 's first - party only multitasking ) .
It does n't make a huge amount of sense to us -- previews should likely quit when you leave app .
Other times , because Zune Pass lets you sample the entire song , you can be streaming a full length preview , which gives you the impression of listening to a piece of music you " own " ( or at least have downloaded ) when that is n't the case .
We also take issue with the lack of a proper jog control to skip into tracks -- holding down the fast forward or rewind button is inconsistent and seems a bit clunky to us .
That said , we love having almost limitless access to new music on a phone , and the Zune Pass subscription certainly adds that capability , though you 're adding another $ 14.95 on top of your existing phone bill if you decide to go that route .
Ultimately it 's a question of how voracious of a music buyer you are -- but something tells us we 're going to see a marked increase in Pass users when these phones hit the market .
One other important aspect to note about Zune and Windows Phone 7 is that the desktop software and these devices are now extremely interconnected .
Not only do you use the Zune software to sync your music and videos , but you 'll be able to buy apps from the marketplace on your computer , you can sync photos in the Zune application , and your general account and device management is handled through the app now .
It 's pretty much a similar arrangement to that of the iPhone and iTunes , and we can't really complain about Microsoft taking that page out of Apple 's playbook .
Microsoft has always been good about syncing , but this makes the process slightly less obtuse than its ActiveSync options from the Windows Mobile heyday .
We'd heard before that one of Microsoft 's big goals for Windows Phone 7 devices was stellar camera performance -- not just in terms of picture size and quality , but speed , too .
After all , if your camera app takes too long to load or you 're waiting for five seconds between shots , the phone 's utility as an easy way to capture impromptu moments the same way a point - and - shoot can is significantly diminished .
Fortunately , it seems like they 're making good on the promise so far -- on the Taylor , we were regularly clocking about four seconds from camera button press to the first shot , and around two seconds between shots .
We did n't evaluate the pictures or video for quality since we 're dealing with hardware that 'll never be released , but needless to say , Windows Phone 7's minimum specs should ensure that you 're getting at least moderately decent shots no matter what device you choose .
Once you take a shot , something pretty cool happens : it advances to the left , almost as though you 're looking at an actual roll of film , and you can see a dimmed sliver of the shot you just took on the left side of your viewfinder .
You can then swipe to the right to see shots you 've taken in the past , starting with the most recent , and returning to viewfinder ( camera mode , as it were ) is as simple as swiping all the way to the left again .
It 's a neat user experience that we suspect novice users will pick up on very quickly .
The available camera options and modes can be extended by phone manufacturers , but the default list is pretty impressive and includes configurable white balance , image effects ( grayscale , sepia , and the like ) , saturation , ISO , exposure , and even metering mode -- and most of these options are still available even when capturing video .
Naturally , you can also set the flash to fire automatically , always , or never .
Once you 've taken your shots , the phone can be configured to automatically upload them to your Windows Live SkyDrive account in the background with your choice of privacy level ( private , friends only , or public ) .
You can also zip pictures over to your Facebook account using a menu item in the Pictures app , but interestingly , you have to choose between " upload to SkyDrive " and " upload to Facebook " menu items in the app 's settings -- you can't have both .
Menus can scroll , so why not ?
Speaking of the Pictures app , this is your one - stop shop for imagery on the phone -- both your shots ( locally and from supported online services ) and those of your friends show up here .
You 'll come here to view and send pictures , change your lock screen wallpaper , and -- because this hub is extensible -- use any third - party services that developers have plugged into it .
In a way , it 's kind of the prototypical Windows Phone 7 app " hub " in that it cycles through your own pictures for its background and has some cool time - dependent features ; for instance , it adds a " moments " page that summarizes pictures on the phone that were taken in the current month .
It 's all very pretty , though we wish there was a way to configure the background image [ turns out you can change it by long - pressing on the hub 's title !
- Ed. ] -- and as we mentioned before with the People app , the " what 's new " page tends to get cluttered with countless updates from Facebook friends you barely know .
Instead , we 'd love a way to be able to select an inner circle of contacts from whom we wanted to see a photo stream here .
Microsoft has already started handing out prototype Windows Phone 7 devices ( the same ones we 're reviewing here , actually ) to developers , and it 's going to continue to do so in liberal quantities as it gets closer to launch -- oh , and the side of the box says " developers .
Developers ! DEVELOPERS !! " on it .
So yeah , you might say that Redmond understands full well how important third - party apps are going to be to the success ( or failure ) of this platform .
Those will end up being exposed through the Marketplace hub , which as you might expect , is a thoroughly different experience than the one you might be used to on Windows Mobile 6.5 .
Instead , you get something more akin to what Apple and Google are offering -- with a few twists .
The first thing you notice when you open the Marketplace is that you 've got music as an available category , whereas iOS breaks it out into a separate iTunes app and Android leaves that to third - party providers like Amazon .
It 's not quite as integrated as you think , though -- tapping on music just bounces you out to the Zune Marketplace , which is fine since you would n't want two disjoint places to purchase tracks anyway .
Likewise , hitting the games category sends you over to the Xbox Marketplace , which sadly is n't live yet and was n't available to test .
Swiping to the left takes you to the Featured page of the Marketplace , which interestingly mixes up both music and applications into a single view -- kind of a neat way to keep people interested in everything Microsoft has to sell without trying to send users ' attentions to two ( or more ) completely unrelated places .
That leaves us to the final category : apps .
Though there 's just a light smattering of Microsoft - built demo apps available in the Marketplace at this point , it was enough for us to get an idea of the purchase process .
Tapping on it takes you into a separate marketplace hub that , by swiping around , gives you the typical views you 'd expect : newest , most popular , and featured .
You can also search by pressing the phone 's hardware search button ; on the plus side , it searches across all of Microsoft 's marketplaces so you get apps , games , and music in your results , and that 's kind of cool .
On the downside , though , it appears as though there 's no search suggestion functionality as you type .
If you 're just browsing , you can delve into the whole list or narrow it down by category ; presently they 've got Tools , Lifestyle , News & Weather , and Business Center , though we would n't be surprised to see this list grow by launch day .
Once you 've selected a category , the list view is interesting -- it shows you the typical icon , app name , and rating on a five - star scale , but it also shows you a short description of the app directly below the name .
Goodness knows not every app has the most descriptive title , so we imagine this feature 's going to come in handy fairly frequently .
Tapping on an app takes you to its information page , which is pretty much what you 'd expect : you 've got the price up top ( everything appears to be free so far ) , a full description , screen shots , reviews , version number , supported languages , and a list of phone services that the app needs access to , similar to what you find on Android .
The screen shots you see on this page are hilariously small , so you need to tap 'em to get an idea of what 's going on -- not a big deal , though this would be a pretty easy one to solve by showing two or three thumbnails at a time rather than four .
Once you 've decided to buy , the entire process happens in the background -- just as it should -- and after a few moments , you 'll find the app has been added to your applications list .
We 'd like some sort of unobtrusive notification when the app's installed , though , because as it stands now , it seems to be a guessing game -- you just have to keep checking until it shows up .
Microsoft 's sample apps are quite small , but with bigger items that third parties will undoubtedly be developing , this could become more of an annoyance .
Tight Office integration , complete with an awesome on - phone document and viewing experience , stands to be one of the biggest differentiators for Windows Phone 7 -- a feature that could almost singlehandedly make these devices impossible to ignore for serious business users regardless of their seemingly consumer - centric slant .
Instead , we came away feeling that Microsoft may have spent too much effort focusing on the collaborative side of Office and not enough time on the actual document editors themselves .
Though Word seems to do a decent job rendering pages onto the small display , the editing capabilities are weak at best -- you can't change fonts , for example , and you can only choose from four font colors : orange , green , red , and black .
Though there 's a spell - checker ( you 'll recognize the familiar red squiggly lines ) , there 's no copy / paste capability -- and in an app like this , it 's hard to imagine being too productive without any sort of clipboard whatsoever .
Excel seems similarly gimped , though it 's got a pretty solid set of built - in functions ; we do n't know what percentage of the full app 's functions are supported , but it 's a long list .
PowerPoint documents , meanwhile , can't be created on the phone at all .
And really , that 's totally fine -- if you 're creating your presentation that you have to give in half an hour on your phone during your train ride into the city , you 've probably already blown it .
The important thing with PowerPoint is probably the slide show capability -- especially for retail devices that have TV - out -- and in that regard , it seems to do just fine ( cheesy transitions and all ) .
We mentioned collaboration -- indeed , Windows Phone 7 supports SharePoint servers , which 'll undoubtedly come in handy for some business users .
There 's also OneNote , which in many ways is simply Word by another name ; Microsoft gears it toward freeform note - taking by making it easy to attach pictures and voice recordings , but really , you should be able to do this from Word just as easily ( spoiler : you can 't ) .
You can configure it to automatically synchronize to your Windows Live SkyDrive account any time you make a change , which basically means your up - to - date notes are accessible from any computer with an internet connection -- you know , that whole " cloud " thing .
Magic !
As we stated above , there really is n't much in the way of Xbox integration on the device right now .
You can add your Live account and you get your avatar into the phone ... and that 's about the extent of it .
We 're hoping that before long Microsoft shows off just what these devices will be capable of .
We were told by Joe Belfiore during a meeting that there would be two kinds of games on Windows Phone 7 devices -- turn based , " app " games , and Xbox Live content which would be full - on arcade experiences .
We 're dying to get our hands on something more than just a brief demo of The Harvest , but that 's not possible yet .
Though it 's not quite as full - featured as the latest renditions of Google Maps on Android have been , Microsoft 's Bing Maps implementation on Windows Phone 7 is pretty great -- they 've done a fantastic job of blending the experience of using a mapping app into their so - called Metro design language .
You 've got access to satellite imagery and real - time traffic information ; location fixes happen quickly , though we found that they tended to be a little less accurate than Google 's when indoors and out of GPS reception .
Pinch - to - zoom is smooth and fast , and we liked the almost ethereal appearance of the map tiles as they loaded after panning or zooming in -- it 's hard to describe , but it 's a pretty neat ( though admittedly unnecessary ) effect .
Likewise , we liked the zoom - out , zoom - back - in effect when locating your position on the map while a different area is being displayed , which gives you a better idea of your relative position than the iPhone 's rapid scroll .
Since this is straight - up Bing Maps on the back end , you can expect the same database of locations here that you get when you search for stuff from your computer .
On the phone , you can search either by text or voice ( more on this later ) , which will call up pushpins for matches near your map view .
As you 'd expect , tapping a pin brings up the name of the result ; a second tap calls up a page of information where you can find a phone number , URL , average rating , and even hours if they 're available -- this is extremely handy for restaurants since it can save you an awkward trip to the business ' inevitably non-mobile - friendly website .
Swiping around calls up a screen with nearby points of interest , and another screen with individual reviews ; Microsoft is aggregating several sites for these , and we regularly found entries from both Citysearch and JudysBook .
No Yelp , it seems .
Our favorite part of Maps , though , has to be the directions list when navigating to a destination .
It 's no voice - guided turn - by - turn navigation , of course , but the app has a cool split - screen mode that shows the list at the bottom and the map corresponding to the currently - selected list item at the top .
As you swipe through the list and highlight different items , the map moves around -- in other words , you can quickly see where ( and how ) you need to turn .
Both pedestrian and car modes are available , but no mass transit , which -- when you 're living in a big city , anyhow -- is a feature we 'd definitely miss coming from Google Maps .
Like Maps , Windows Phone 7's search capabilities are naturally powered by Bing .
Microsoft has done a neat job translating Bing 's well - known home page layout to the small screen , complete with gorgeous rotating imagery and hotspots that reveal factoids when you tap them .
There 's a mic to the right side of the text box that lets you conduct a voice search , and while we would n't bother trying to find anything with an odd name this way , common mobile searches ( think " burritos " ) worked really well .
Once you run your search , you get not just web hits , but also news ( burritos come up in the news more often than you may think ) and local results -- basically a tie - in to Bing Maps that uses your location to find stuff nearby .
Though it 's a great search app at its core , the details of the implementation fail on two levels .
First , accessing it is somewhat arbitrary -- you can get to it by pressing the phone 's hardware search button , but not always .
Apps can override that key 's functionality ( People , Maps , and Marketplace all do this , just to name a few ) , but if they do n't , you fall through to Bing -- so there are times when you really have no idea what 's going to happen when you press that button .
Secondly , the Bing app is n't a universal search , and that 's a huge misstep in an age when smartphone users can easily have fifty or more apps and thousands contacts and tracks of music installed .
What we 've been presented with here does n't exactly feel like a complete mobile operating system in many ways .
Some parts of Windows Phone 7 are more like a wireframe -- an interesting design study , an example of what a next - gen phone platform could be .
That 's both good and bad .
On one side , we 're still really excited by the prospect of Metro as a viable , clean - slate approach to the mobile user experience , and there are lots of smart moves being made that could lead to greatness .
On the other side , Microsoft has to turn this into a viable retail product that can hang with the fiercest competition in the history of the cellphone in just a few months ' time , and there are some serious issues that need to be addressed .
Frankly , it 's a little scary .
By any measure , Microsoft 's got its back against the wall in the mobile game , and becoming competitive quickly is vital to the company 's success -- and in that regard , we understand why they 've been so adamant about getting Windows Phone 7 on shelves in time for Holiday 2010 .
The thing is , putting out a product that 's half - baked risks alienating early adopters at the worst possible time , especially considering that we see a clear - cut ( and pretty painless ) path to fixing the most egregious shortcomings .
Seriously , if the WP7 team put their heads down and added a clipboard and some rudimentary multitasking , Microsoft could have an exceptionally solid version - one product in Windows Phone 7 -- especially when coupled with the company 's fierce outreach to developers .
Of course , that 's a big " if " -- the clock is ticking on Windows Phone 7 , and the industry has already proven that it wo n't wait around for companies to play catch - up .
It 's not about lapping the competition at this point , it 's about just being in the race -- and if Microsoft does n't know that by now , it may already be too late .
Additional reporting by Chris Ziegler
Catch up here on what ’s happening with us , both at the shelter and out and about in Broward County .
Want to join in on an event ?
Find out the latest on a program in the community ?
Follow up on a fundraiser and view photos of the fun ?
Check in here so you wo n’t miss a beat !
More than 200,000 state employees will receive their full wages in July and August after a state judge on Friday denied an injunction sought by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to cut their pay .
The Schwarzenegger administration had asked the court to order that the employees ’ pay immediately be reduced to the federal minimum wage of $ 7.25 an hour because there is no state budget in place .
The governor has maintained , and two courts have agreed , that state law requires the reductions as California enters the third week of the fiscal year without a spending plan .
But state Controller John Chiang , who prints the paychecks , has insisted that he cannot implement the order because of the state ’s outdated computer system .
Judge Patrick Marlette of Sacramento County Superior Court said that although Chiang was breaking state law by failing to issue the smaller paychecks , he could not discount the computer argument as “ frivolous . ”
“ We ’re very pleased , ” said Hallye Jordan , a spokeswoman for Chiang .
But the legal wrangling is not over .
Marlette said he would set a full hearing for late August to explore whether Chiang ’s computers can compute the pay cut that Schwarzenegger ordered .
More than a dozen unionized state workers celebrated the ruling on the courthouse steps .
“ This is great , ” said Franco Rozic , 44 , of Roseville , a Department of Education analyst .
“ It means I do n’t have to worry about losing my apartment . ”
Democrats in the Legislature also cheered the decision .
Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg ( D- Sacramento ) called the governor ’s attempt to impose the minimum wage “ nothing more than a ploy to gain leverage in budget negotiations . ”
Workers would be repaid back wages once a budget is signed .
“ We are confident we will continue to win on the merits of this case , ” said Lynelle Jolley , a spokeswoman for the Department of Personnel Administration , the plaintiff in the case .
She urged the Legislature to pass a budget “ so we do n’t have to pay our employees minimum wage . ”
The fiscal year began July 1 .
Budget talks remain in the preliminary stages .
shane.goldmacher@latimes.com
Times staff writer Jack Dolan contributed to this report .
Echo company got into a gunfight in August 2009 in Afghanistan 's Helmand province .
You ’ll learn that by reading the report found in WikiLeaks ' database .
You 'll learn that , after a chase , the marines killed one insurgent .
You 'll learn that the insurgents supposedly fled and that the troops – part of the 2nd Battalion , 8th Marines – decided to stay the night in the area , in case the militants returned .
What you wo n't learn is that a marine sniper team sparked the shoot - out with a surprise assault on the insurgents ; that every member of that team was nearly killed in the battle ; that the incident would kick off a three - day siege in which the Taliban nearly had the Echo company squad surrounded ; that this spot eventually became an Echo company base ; or that , while this extended gun fight was going on , British and Afghan troops were nearby , waging a more gentle form of counterinsurgency as they sat cross - legged under shady patches of farmland and talked with village elders .
I happen to know this because I was there with Echo company , reporting for Wired magazine .
And the wide difference between what actually happened at the Moba Khan compound and what the report says happened there should give caution to those who think they can discover the capital - T truth about the Afghanistan conflict solely through the WikiLeaks war logs .
It should also give pause to those officers in military headquarters who count on these updates to learn about what 's happening on the front lines .
The military has a problem in how it talks to itself .
These reports – ultra - compressed , and focused solely on the bombs - and - bullets part of the war – are a symptom of that shaky reporting system .
They have their utility , of course .
But they 're not smart or broad enough for the complexities of a war like Afghanistan .
( Note : My article in today 's Wall Street Journal has more .
Go through Google News to read it , if you 're not a subscriber . )
After the jump , you 'll find a week 's worth of WikiLeaked reports from Echo Company .
For all the combat that 's recorded , it 's actually just a slice of the action those Marines saw during that short time .
Also , check out how this terse notice of a bomb dropped on Moba Khan differs from what actually went down .
WHEN : 23 1150D AUG 09
WHO : ECHO 2/8
WHERE : 41R PQ 0935 1925 , 2KM SE OF COP SHER
WHAT : TIC
EVENT : WHILE CONDUCTING A DISMOUNTED PATROL , E/2/8 RECEIVED MG AND SAF FROM AN EN FORCE IN A TREELINE TO THE PATROLS SOUTH .
UNIT DECLARED TIC AND REQUESTED AIR SUPPORT .
THE UNIT UTILIZED MORTARS TO MARK ENEMY POSITIONS FOR CAS .
( 1 ) 60 MM AND ( 1 ) 81 MM ROUND WERE FIRED .
REPENT 68 ( COBRAS ) CONDUCTED A GUN AND ROCKET RUN ( . ( 5 ) 2.75 RKTS ; ( 100 ) 20 MM GUNS ; ( 150 ) .50 CAL ; ( 350 ) 7.62 ) ON THE TREELINE AS THE PATROL MANEUVERED .
SPORADIC SAF FROM THE TREELINE CEASED AS THE PATROL APPROACHED .
THE PATROL CLEARED THE TREELINE AND FOUND ( 4 ) PREPARED EN FIGHTING POSITIONS , SPENT BRASS , AND FOOTPRINTS INDICATING THE ENEMY EGRESSED SOUTH EAST .
ICOM CHATTER INDICATED THE IMPACTS WERE RIGHT ON TO OF THE EN POS BUT E/2/8 CANNOT CONFIRM EN WIA OR KIA .
TIC WAS CLOSED AT 1303D .
ECHO 2/8 HAS LAUNCHED A RAVEN UAV TO MAINTAIN OVER WATCH OF THE AREA .
BDA : NO CASUALTIES OR DAMAGE REPORTED .
ISAF REF # 08-2711 ( CLOSED )
\ –
** DELETED DUPLICATE SIGACT 41RPQ09740241002009-08#2711.03 ***
Summary from deleted report :
E COY 2/8 USMC reported while conducting a NFO , FF were attacked by INS with a MG burst .
FF returned fire and moved NW .
INS were dropped off by a white van .
The van did not return to P/U. FF informed G COY of BOLO for white van .
UPDATE 1145D *
FF declearing TIC ATT
UPDATE 1206D *
FF executing a gun run with USMC A/C on INS entrenchement in treeline .
UPDATE 1224D *
FF are currently maneuvering on to INS posn .
FF plans on using SBF posn to the E and 81 mm FM IOT allow CF SQD to close with INS .
FF is co-ord poss rockets and gun run to follow .
Unit contiunes to receive SAF from treeline .
UPDATE 1303D *
Unit closes TIC , BDAR will be submitted when available and attached to this event .
BDA : no battle damage .
BDAR - 1718D *:
FF fired 5 x rockets , 100 x 20 mm , 150 x .50 , 350 x 7.62 , 81 mm RP and 1 x 60 mm HE .
These were fired at 41R PQ 0947 1911 ( iGEOSit shows that the above mentioned grids correspond to a non populated area ) , a tree line with an irrigation ditch .
There is a small compound and mud huts adjacent the tree line .
Mortars were used to supress and mark for casualties .
A mixed section of AH - 1W COBRA and UH - 1N HUEY conducted a rockets and gun run on the target suppressing the INS which allowed the squad to close on the position .
Assessed good suppressive effect , INTEL indicated effects were accurate IVO INS but could not confirm any INS killeed / wounded .
The squad manoeuvred on the tree line after the rockets and gun run to find prepared fighting position with brass and shell casings .
Foot prints and marks in the mud indicated the INS had withdrawn to the SE out of the target area .
After conducting the BDA the squad returned to COP SHER .
Shortly after the engagement a blue VAN which had the window shot out in an earlier engagement with FF that morning arrived at the tree line .
The FF launched a RAVEN to continue to track the VEH IOT determine its involvement in the TIC .
In this rural vegetated / light urban area , there were no PID CIV .
No damage to infrastructure was reported .
Compliant with ROE , higher HQ was aware .
The INS engaged presented , in the opinion of the ground forces , an imminent threat .
*** Event closed at 1309D *
\ –
WHEN : 24 0945D AUG 09
WHO : ECHO 2/8
WHERE : 41R PQ 07904 19964 , 1.1KM SW OF COP SHER
WHAT : IED FIND
EVENT : WHILE CONDUCTING A DISMOUNTED LOCAL SECURITY PATROL , E/2/8 DISCOVERED AN 18 " METAL TUBE PLACED IN A CORNFIELD NEXT TO A TREELINE .
A CORDON WAS SET , EOD CONDUCTED A CONTROLLED DETONATION .
WHILE COLLAPSING THE CORDON AROUND THE SITE , ECHO 2/8 RECEIVED A FEW BURSTS OF SAF .
THE PATROL HAS RETURNED TO OP WEST .
BDA : NO CASUALTIES OR DAMAGE REPORTED .
ISAF # 08-2803 ( CLOSED )
\ –
WHEN : 25 0900D AUG 09
WHO : ECHO 2/8
WHERE : 41R PQ 0994 2336
WHAT : TIC
EVENT : WHILE CONDUCTING A DISMOUNTED LOCAL SECURITY PATROL , E/2/8 2B RECEIVED MG AND SAF FROM 5 - 6 INDIVIDUALS .
TIC WAS DECLARED .
THE PATROL RETURNED FIRE AND CAS WAS REQUESTED .
AT 0914D , EN FIRE CEASED AND ENEMY FORCES WERE SEEN EGRESSING NORTH .
THE PATROL THEN BEGAN RECEIVING SAF FROM ENEMY TO THE SOUTH OF THEIR POS .
THE PATROL RETURNED FIRE , REPORTING (1 ) ENKIA .
THE PATROL RECEIVED ADDITIONAL SAF AND R/W CAS CONDUCTED A GUN RUN ON ENEMY POSITIONS IN A TREELINE .
AFTER DECONFLICTING AIR , E/2/8 ENGAGED THE TREELINE AS WELL WITH (1 ) 81 MM MORTAR .
ICOMM CHATTER INDICATED THAT EN FORCES WERE ATTEMPTING TO REACH A VEHICLE AND DEPART THE AREA .
R/W CAS WAS TASKED TO FIND AND ENGAGE THE VEHICLE .
ECHO CO DISPATCHED A SQUAD TO REINFORCE THE PATROL .
2/8 WILL MAINTAIN A PRESENCE IN THE AREA FOR THE NEXT 24HRS .
EXPENDITURE : RP68 ( 6 ) 2.75 ( 150 ) 20 MM / RP69 ( 50 ) 50 CAL ( 500 ) 7.62
BDA : (1 ) EN KIA
ISAF # 08-2888 ( CLOSED )
\ –
WHEN : 25 1236D AUG 09
WHO : ECHO 2/8
WHERE : 41RPQ 07453 19298
WHAT : TIC
EVENT : AN ECHO 2/8 PATROL RECEIVED SAF AND MG FIRE FROM EN IN A TREELINE AND DECLARED TIC .
THE PATROL RETURNED FIRE AND REQUESTED AIR SUPPORT .
ECHO 2/8 ENGAGED THE TREELINE WITH ARTILLERY .
ENEMY FIRES FROM THE TREELINE CEASED , HOWEVER THE PATROL BEGAN RECEIVING WELL AIMED SAF FROM A BUILDING , TARGETING THE PATROLS RADIO OPERATOR'S. THE UNIT REQUESTED BUT DID NOT FIRE A HIMARS MISSION AGAINST THE BUILDING .
ENEMY CONTACT CEASED AND TIC WAS CLOSED AT 1455D .
BDA : NO CASUALTIES OR DAMAGE REPORTED .
ISAF # 08 - 2907 ( CLOSED )
\ –
ECHO 2/8 MAINTAINED PRESENCE OVERNIGHT AT THE SITE OF ENGAGEMENT YESTERDAY .
THE PATROL RECEIVED SAF AND MG FIRE FROM A BUILDING AND DECLARED TIC .
CAS WAS REQUESTED AND E/2/8 ENGAGED EN POSTIONS WITH SAF AND 81MM MORTARS .
THE PATROL ESTABLISHED PID OF ENEMY FIGHTERS IN A HARDENED STRUCTURE AND REQUESTED A HIMARS MISSION .
( 2 ) ROCKETS WERE FIRED AND IMPACTED 90M EAST OF THE INTENDED TARGET POSSIBLY DUE TO OPERATOR ERROR AT THE LAUNCHER .
ROTARY WING CAS CONDUCTED A GUN AND ROCKET RUN ON THE STRUCTURE .
EN FIRE CONTINUED SPORADICALLY .
UTILIZING A GBOSS TOWER THE UNIT OBSERVED EF EGRESS FROM THE BUILDING AND TAKE UP FIGHTING POSTIONS IN A TREELINE .
E/2/8 ENGAGED THE TREELINE POSTIONS WITH ARTILLERY AND SAF .
THE PATROL THEN BEGAN RECEIVING WELL AIMED SAF FROM AN ABANDONED COMPOUND .
THIS SAME COMPOUND WAS USED BY THE EN IN YESTERDAYS ENGAGEMENT .
PRIMAL 31 ( HARRIER ) DROPPED (1 ) GBU - 12 ON THE COMPOUND EFFECTIVELY SUPRESSING THE EN THREAT .
EN FORCES RE - ENGAGED THE MARINES FROM THE BUILDING THAT WAS THE TARGET OF THE UNSUCCESSFUL HIMARS MISSION .
E/2/8 ENGAGED WITH 81 AND 60 MM MORTARS .
AT 1304 , ENEMY FIRES CEASED .
THE TIC WAS DECLARED CLOSED AT 1345D .
ECHO 2/8 WILL REMAIN IN OVERWATCH OF THE AREA FOR THE NEXT 24 HRS .
ECHO 2/8 BELIEVES THE WELL AIMED SAF FROM THE ENGAGEMENTS TODAY AND YESTERDAY MAY BE INDICATORS OF AN EN SNIPER IN THE AREA .
EXPENDITURES : (1 ) GBU - 12 , ( 2 ) HIMARS , ( 18 ) 155 MM , ( 19 ) 60 MM , ( 19 ) 81 MM , ( 13 ) 2.75 ROCKETS , ( 300 ) 20 MM CANNON , ( 300 ) .50CAL , ( 1200 ) 7.62 MM .
\ –
WHEN : 26 1700D AUGUST 09
WHO : ECHO 2/8
WHERE : 41R PQ 0758 1954
WHAT : IED FINDS
EVENT : WHILE ON PATROL ALONG RTE REDSKINS , ECHO 2/8 LOCATED ( 2 ) IEDS .
( 1 ) DIRECTIONAL FRAG WITH A COMMAND WIRE , AND ( 1 ) DIRECTIONAL FRAG WITH A PULL RELEASE .
BOTH DEVICES WERE PLACED ALONG A FOOT TRAIL , TO TARGET DISMOUNTED TROOPS .
EOD WAS ON SCENE AND CONDUCTED A CONTROLLED DETONATION OF BOTH DEVICES .
BDA : NO CASUALTIES OR DAMAGES REPORTED .
ISAF # PENDING ( CLOSED )
\ –
WHEN : 27 0745D AUG 09
WHO : ECHO 2/8
WHERE : 41R PQ 1011 2384 , 3.5KM NE OF COP SHER
WHAT : ENGAGEMENT
EVENT : WHILE CONDUCTING A DISMOUNTED LOCAL SECURITY PATROL , E/2/8 RECEIVED SAF FROM A TEAM SIZED EN FORCE POSITIONED APPROX .
300M TO THE NORTH .
E/2/8 RESPONDED WITH SAF .
BDA : NO CASUALTIES OR DAMAGE REPORTED .
ISAF # 08-3076 ( C
\ –
WHEN : 27 1008D AUG 09
WHO : ECHO 2/
8
WHERE : 41R PQ 1023 2339 , 3KM NE OF COP SHER ALONG RTE BENGALS
WHAT : TIC
EVENT : WHILE CONDUCTING A DISMOUNTED LOCAL SECURITY PATROL ALONG RTE BENGALS , E/2/8 RECEIVED SAF FROM 6 - 8 EN FIGHTERS POSITIONED APPROX .
400M TO THE NW .
E/2/8 DECLARED TIC AT 1008D .
E/2/8 RESPONDED WITH SAF AND 81MM MORTARS EFFECTIVELY CAUSING THE EN TO FLEE NORTH .
RP68 WAS ON STATION ISO OF TIC .
AT 1029D , E/2/8 DECLARED THE TIC CLOSED .
BDA : NO CASUALTIES OR DAMAGE REPORTED .
ISAF # 08-3068 ( CLOSED )
\ –
WHEN : 27 1237D AUG 09
WHO : ECHO 2/
8
WHERE : 41R PQ 0774 1960 1.4KM SW OF COP SHER
WHAT : TIC
EVENT : WHILE CONDUCTING A DISMOUNTED LOCAL SECURITY PATROL , E/2/8 RECEIVED A LARGE AMOUNT OF MG AND SAF .
TIC WAS DECLARED AND THE UNIT RESPONDED WITH SAF , ( 4 ) 81 MM , AND ( 6 ) 155MM ARTILLERY RNDS .
AT 1302D , E/2/8 REPORTED THAT THE EN FIRE HAD CEASED .
TIC WAS CLOSED AT 1328D .
BDA : NO CASUALTIES OR DAMAGE REPORTED .
ISAF # 08-3086 ( CLOSED )
\ –
WHEN : 27 1707D AUG 09
WHO : ECHO 2/
8
WHERE : 41R PQ 0744 1941
WHAT : TIC
EVENT : WHILE CONDUCTING A DISMOUNTED LOCAL SECURITY PATROL , E/2/8 RECEIVED HEAVY ACCURATE MG AND SAF FROM 6 - 8 EN FIGHTERS POSITIONED IN THE TREELINE ( AK3231 ) AND A BLDG ( AF3722 ) .
TIC WAS DECLARED .
THE EN WAS MAKING A PUSH TO OVERRUN FRIENDLY POSITION .
E/2/8 RESPONDED WITH ( 2 ) 155MM EXCAL , ( 6 ) 155MM HE , AND ( 5 ) 60 MM MOTARS ON BOTH TARGETS .
BOTH 155MM EXCAL RNDS WERE DUDS , HOWEVER (1 ) ROUND COLLAPSED THE EASTERN ROOF OF THE TGT BLD .
THE ENEMY WAS SUPPRESSED , FIRE CEASED AND TIC WAS CLOSED .
BDA : ( 1 ) EKIA , AND POSSIBLE EWIA .
DAMAGES TO THE TGT BUILDING .
ISAF # 08-3119 ( CLOSED )
\ –
WHEN : 27 1747D AUG 09
WHO : ECHO 2/
8
WHERE : 41R PQ 0929 1904
WHAT : ENGAGEMENT
EVENT : WHILE CONDUCTING A DISMOUNTED LOCAL SECURITY PATROL , E/2/8 REPORTED RECEIVING SAF FROM AN UNKNOWN SIZED EN FORCE , RESULTING IN (1 ) URGENT CASUALTY .
E/2/8 RETURNED FIRE WITH ( 3 ) 60 MM MORTAR RNDS .
THE ENEMY FIGHTING POSITIONS WERE SUPPRESSED , FIRE CEASED AND TIC WAS CLOSED .
ECHO 2/8 EGRESSED BACK TO OP PALACE .
E/2/8 REQUESTED AN URGENT MEDEVAC AND THE CASUALTY WAS TRANSPORTED TO DWYER WHERE HE UNDER WENT SURGERY .
HE WAS LATER TRANSFERRED TO BSN ROLE 3 FOR FURTHER TREATMENT .
BDA : ( 1 ) USMC WIA
ISAF # 08-3126 ( CLOSED )
MEDEVAC # 08 - 27 K ( COMPLETE )
\ –
*** INITIAL REPORT ***
ECHO 2/8 REPORTED RECEIVING 5 - 7 RDS OF MACHINE GUN FIRE FROM A TREELINE .
ANA WITH THE UNITENGAGED THE ENEMY WITH MG AND RPG FIRE .
COALITION FORCES ARE INVESTIGATING THE AREA .
\ –
WHEN : 28 1300D AUG 09
WHO : ECHO 2/
8
WHERE : 41R PQ 0789 1974 , 1.2KM SW OF COP SHER ALONG RTE REDSKINS
WHAT : IED FIND
EVENT : WHILE CONDUCTING A DISMOUNTED LOCAL SECURITY PATROL , E/2/8 DISCOVERED AN IED .
A CORDON WAS SET .
EOD ON SCENE EXPLOITED THE SITE AND CONFIRMED THE IED TO CONSIST OF A BURIED METAL TUBE APPROX . 18 " x 8 " FILLED WITH ANAL ( AMMONIUM NITRATE / ALUMINUM POWDER ) .
EOD CONDUCTED A CONTROLLED DETONATION AT 1317D AND CONTINUED MISSION .
BDA : NO CASUALTIES OR DAMAGE REPORTED .
ISAF # 08-3174 ( CLOSED )
\ –
WHEN : 29 1200D AUG 09
WHO : ECHO 2/
8
WHERE : 41R PQ 09800 23800
WHAT : ENGAGEMENT
EVENT : E/2/8 CONDUCTED A DISMOUNTED PATROL TO MAKE INTRODUCTION TO LOCAL ELDERS AT VILLAGE TAI 1 .
THE PAST TIMES E/2/8 HAS BEEN THERE THEY HAVE HAD SIGNIFICANT CONTACT .
AS THE PATROL WAS APPROACHING , THE VILLAGERS BEGAN FLEEING AND ICOMM CHATTER INDICATED THAT THE EF IN THE VILLAGE WERE ATTEMPTING TO LAUNCH AN IED INITIATED ATTACK ON E/2/8 . ( 1 ) INDIVIDUAL WAS OBSERVED WITH A RADIO AND ICOMM CONFIRMED HE WAS DIRECTING OTHERS TO GET INTO PLACE TO INITIATE CONTACT .
THE PATROL'S DESIGNATED MARKSMAN ENGAGED THE EN COORDINATORS RESULTING IN ( 1 ) EWIA .
AFTER THE SHOT THE ICOMM INDICATED THAT THE EF HAD BEEN OBSERVED AND ENGAGED AND THE LEADER GAVE THE ORDER FOR EF TO WITHDRAW .
THE PATROL CONTINUED MISSION TO THE VILLAGE BUT DID NOT ENCOUNTER LOCAL ELDERS
BDA : ( 1 ) EWIA
ISAF # 08-3256 ( CLOSED )
Photo : Noah Shachtman
See Also :
Good Morning America was supposed to air a follow - up today to yesterday 's report on 11 - year - old cyberbullying victim Jessi Slaughter .
It got spiked .
Why ?
For one thing , a harassment campaign by 4 chan users discouraged GMA 's cyberbullying expert from going back on .
[ There was a video here ]
For the last two days , 4 chan 's anarchic /b/ messageboard has been in an uproar over Good Morning America 's coverage of the Jessi Slaughter saga that 4 chan helped launch .
After GMA 's resident cyberbullying expert , lawyer Parry Aftab , appeared on the show to discuss the case , 4 chan users targeted her for a harassment campaign similar to the one they 've waged against Gawker .
They shut down Aftab 's websites — wiredsafety.org and aftab.com — prank called her , vandalized her wikipedia entry and Google - bombed " Parry Aftab Arrested for Child Molestation . "
Today , the planned follow - up to yesterday 's Jessi Slaughter segment was quietly dropped .
An ABC insider tells us that the story was spiked in part because producers " had too many other things they wanted to run and there was nothing new . "
But also " Parry Aftab did n't want to come on because of the attacks . "
( Aftab could n't be reached for comment . )
Aftab did n't even mention the central role 4 chan had in harassing Jessi Slaughter during her GMA appearance , but just talking about cyberbullying is enough to be targeted by 4 chan .
Aftab apparently followed her own advice in dealing with cyberbullies :
ISTANBUL – After the Israeli attack on a Gaza - bound aid ship in May , the Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said , “ nothing would ever be the same again . ”
Six weeks later , his ominous prediction appears to be coming true .
The rift between the once close allies has never been wider .
The entire region , as well as the United States , is now anxious to see how Israel will respond to a statement by Turkey ’s foreign minister that the country would sever ties unless Israel issues a formal apology , or at least accepts an international investigation .
With no response from Israel so far , rumors swirled Thursday on the streets of Istanbul and elsewhere that Turkey might soon make good on its ultimatum .
Turkey — irate over the deaths of eight Turks and one Turkish - American — has reacted strongly to the flotilla incident .
Since recalling its ambassador from Jerusalem shortly after the attack , Ankara has banned Israeli military planes from its airspace , halted military exercises between the two countries and ended a 20 - year agreement to supply Israel with water .
Erdogan , already infamous for his fiery rhetoric , has been true to form , calling Israel ’s actions “ pirate - like ” and “ barbarous . ”
“ I am sure that Israelis are disturbed by a perception equating the Star of Zion to the Nazi swastika , ” he said in a speech in Konya the week following the attack , taking even those sympathetic to the Turkish position by surprise .
For its part , Israel has n’t taken Turkey ’s anger lightly .
Israeli defense advisors were quickly withdrawn from Turkey following the incident and the government has warned Israelis against visiting Turkey .
Convinced that Turkey provoked the incident and wanting to avoid an international investigation , Israeli officials said , Israel has refused to apologize for the deaths .
An Israeli military investigation , in fact , found this week that while there were failures in its planning , intelligence and coordination , the killings onboard the Gaza - bound flotilla were justified .
A further investigation , led by a retired Israeli Supreme Court justice , is in the works but it seems unlikely that Israel — still reeling from the U.N. - led Goldstone report into human rights abuses that took place during the 2009 Gaza invasion — will agree to the full international investigation called for by Turkey .
“ At the moment it ’s hard to imagine a way out of this situation , ” Henri Barkey , a visiting scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington , said .
“ It could take years for things to be civil between the two countries again . ”
The current state of Turkish - Israeli relations is now a far cry from the mid-1990s when Turkey ’s military turned to Israel for help in improving its forces — leading to more than $ 1 billion in known deals .
But with the rise of a new middle class that is sensitive to issues affecting the Ummah , or the Muslim diaspora , the priorities of the governing Justice and Development Party — brought to power in 2002 in large part by this same constituency — are shifting gears , translating into a decreased role for the military and a larger one for the public , business and civil society .
“ The government is no longer taking orders from the generals , ” Lale Kemal , a journalist who writes a column on military affairs for the Turkish newspaper Zaman , said in an interview .
“ They are more assertive of their own power , rather than the military controlling politics . ”
The administration of President Barack Obama , concerned about the chill in relations between the two formerly strong allies , is now trying to mediate the conflict .
Some analysts are hopeful that talks with the United States can bring an end to the standoff .
“ The U.S. ’s uneasiness with the strained ties will help push Turkey and Israel to reconcile , ” Kemal said .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton held a 45 - minute discussion Monday with Turkey ’s Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in which “ the Secretary encouraged the foreign minister to continue important dialogue with Israel because that relationship remains a vitally important one to the future of the region , ” P.J. Crowley , a State Department spokesman , said at a press briefing .
Both Turkey and Israel have something to lose if bilateral relations get any worse .
Turkey is hoping for help from the United States in its ongoing conflict with the outlawed Kurdish Worker ’s Party , which has tormented the country for decades and cost tens of thousands of lives , and Israel faces the potential loss of its first and only Muslim - majority ally in the region .
There is also the more than $ 2.5 billion in trade the two countries have shared since 2009 .
The president of neighboring Syria , Bashar al - Assad , is also concerned about what the dissolution of relations between Turkey and Israel would mean for the region .
Assad warned last week that the crisis could affect stability around the entire Middle East and undermine Ankara ’s role in the region ’s ongoing peace negotiations .
“ The chances of peace grow slim , and the prospect of war grows , ” he told reporters .
This comic took me longer than expected .
The idea was already in my head a while ago , but than it was still plain and simple .
My idea was simply Mojo and the Plant talking .
That 's it .
But today - after reading an article on Webcomics.com - I suddenly had this visualisation in my head .
Suddenly I had to draw more and because I was busy the last couple of days , I had to draw it all in just a couple of hours .
But I made it !
And it looks pretty nice , if I may say that about my own drawings 🙂
And in another note , the request for the guest - strips still stands ... so if you are interested in doing a guest - comic , read this post for more details and I 'd love to hear from you .
Thank you all in advanced !
Update 13th July 2010 : The NDA has been lifted and a number of reviews have been posted .
After the paparazzi caught a glimpse of the GTX 460 768 earlier this morning , Expreview has now posted a Gigabyte Press Kit detailing the performance of NVIDIA ’s upcoming mid-range Fermi card .
Due to be released on July 12 , this card will feature 768 MB of GDDR5 memory running at 3600 MHz , plus 192 - bit memory interface .
The GPU will be clocked at 675 MHz .
According to the slides , the GTX 460 768 will be faster than the HD 5830 ( although it is not clear if this is a reference card or a specific model ) and a bit slower than the GTX 465 .
The press kit comes directly from the manufacturer and includes some of their preliminary benchmarks .
Once this card is officially released , more comparisons should hit the press , so stay tuned for that .
Priced between $ 228 and $ 254 , the GTX 460 768 MB should provide similar value to its main ATI competitor , the HD 5830 .
Interestingly , the 5830 loses out to the 460 in the standard benchmarks , but appears to have a very slight edge in the extreme benchmark .
It will be interesting to see how the cards compare once they are available for purchase and are run through the standard battery of tests .
The 460 seems like an solid alternative to the GTX 465 .
Although the card is slower in 3DMark06 and 3DMark Vantage ( according to Gigabyte ’s own benchmarks ) , the difference is very small ( 1.5 % - 3 % to be exact ) .
With 465s selling for approximately $ 280 , the $ 30 - $ 50 price difference will potentially make this an attractive card , especially to those who can bridge the 3 % performance gap through overclocking anyway
Thanks to our friends at Fudzilla.com for being all over this story .
Check out the rest of the Gigabyte Press Kit at Expreview .
-mdcomp
Ubuntu Ported To Nexus One
We may earn a commission for purchases made using our links .
The Nexus One has finally joined the likes of many Windows Mobile devices with this recent release that provides it with Ubuntu ( a Linux distro ) support .
This hack was made possible and available by XDA member zedomax , who managed to pull this off with very little support for hacks of this nature .
The software he produced can now be used by anyone who owns a Nexus One , as long as they also have busybox installed on the device .
Here is a quick cut out of the quide :
Over the Independence Day weekend , I was able to install both Debian and Ubuntu to run on my Nexus One .
UPDATE : I ’ve posted full step - by - step guide on how to install Ubuntu and X11 on your Nexus One here !
I spent about 5 days straight of craziness , even trying to get it working while my friends were barbecuing tri-tips and firing off fireworks in the background .
Well , let ’s just say I started the challenge to myself of being able to run Ubuntu couple days back and it literally drove me crazy .
I could n’t stop myself until I got some kind of results , not just being able to run Ubuntu under Chroot command line .
My original goal was to actually run WordPress and make a portable smartphone web server ( which I did with the Palm Pre before ) but I ran into MySQL being a jerk and not being able to create a new socket for some reason .
( If anyone has some advice on that or help me on it , please do n’t hesitate to e-mail me at zedomax at gmail dot com . )
You can get more information and the full details in the port thread .
A radio station in Utah run by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints will no longer air the nationally syndicated Sean Hannity Show beginning this October .
While the station announced that the decision had to do with the cultivation of local programming , the local ABC affiliate is reporting that questions about the program ’s civility were circulating recently before the decision .
KSL Radio , run by a for - profit arm of the LDS church named Deseret Media Companies , announced its decision earlier this week .
ABC4 Salt Lake City reports that the announcement came in light of speculation that the program was “ not in line with Deseret Media Company ’s mission statement that calls for civility and other ethical stances . ”
The official announcement , however , said nothing of the sort :
“ In a press release , Mark Willes , CEO of KSL Broadcasting Inc. said , ‘ We acknowledge the great partnership we ’ve had with Sean Hannity and appreciate his contributions to furthering public dialogue , ’ ‘ At the end of the day , we simply feel our future success and competitive advantage reside in creating unique local content , and that is our objective for developing replacement programming , ’ said Willes .
While all overt signs point to it being a decision based on the desire for more local content , and the # 1 rated Sean Hannity will certainly be fine ( he was already picked up by KNRS , which also syndicates Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh ) , the Salt Lake Tribune stuck with the story that Hannity ’s content was a little too hot for KSL to handle : “ Hannity got the ax because his mean - spirited banter was out of step with a new mission statement at LDS Church - owned media that demands its programming bring “ light ” and knowledge to listeners . ”
[ h/t ThinkProgress ]
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
Last week , Facebook announced that it had amassed 500 million users , a formidable portion of the global Internet audience .
But even as Mark Zuckerberg and company celebrates , others are busy trying to uproot Facebook 's popularity by establishing a set of open standards to share Facebook - like features across the Internet .
Just like open standards for e-mail and the Web broke users free from proprietary closed networks of the early 1990s , so too could a new set of standards allow people to share their thoughts , photos and comments across the Internet , regardless of what social networking services they use , argued Evan Prodromou , head of open source microblogging software provider StatusNet , during the O'Reilly Open Source Convention ( OSCON ) , held in Portland , Oregon last week .
Open - source social , or " open social , " networking services are not new .
StatusNet has been running an open source implementation of its Twitter - like microblogging service for several years , called Indenti.ca .
But no open - source service has gained Facebook - or Twitter - proportioned success .
Now , the developers behind such services are changing their pitch : Instead of stressing the open - source nature of their services and software , they are emphasizing how the interoperability of such offerings could free users -- and their data -- from the locks of any one social - networking service .
Prior to OSCON , a number of social - networking software developers gathered for an informal summit to discuss interoperability .
They developed a simple test case to show how federation of social - networking services could share data .
In their example , a person uploads a photo of another person on some photo - sharing service , tagging the photo with the subject 's name .
The subject of that photo should automatically see the photo on his or her own preferred photo - sharing service .
A friend of these two individuals who uses yet another service could see the photo and add a comment , and the message can then be relayed to the two other services .
" A federated social network would be a network of networks , using open protocols and a uniform name space that would allow anyone to participate , " Prodromou said .
Such interoperability should be an inevitability , given the history of the Internet , Prodromou argued .
Once some company - specific commercial technology gets really popular , it tends to be replaced by a set of open standards that multiple service providers use to offer generic versions of that feature .
E-mail is one example of this .
" E-mail in 1992 , 1993 was characterized by separation .
We had large consumer services like CompuServe and Prodigy , with millions of users , " Prodromou said .
" It was used as a retention mechanism .
You had to be on AOL [ America Online ] to e-mail someone on AOL . "
Governments and universities and single operator bulletin board systems ( BBSes ) also offered e-mail , though it was difficult relay messages across different systems .
But within two years , almost all these parties had switched to using the Internet for e-mail , deploying open standards like the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol , and open source software like the Sendmail SMTP server , Prodromou said .
" Federation maps very well to the way the Internet works , " he said , also referring to document sharing through the Web and global services such as the domain name service .
In each of these cases , there was a great demand for functionality , and , as a result , multiple vendors used some open standard to offer that feature .
And the commercial walled gardens of the dominant players gave way to open Internetwide availability of such services .
Take , for example , America Online ( AOL ) .
Those who were around in the mid-1990s remember when AOL exploded in popularity , thanks in part to the way it offered easy ( though limited ) access to the Internet features like e-mail , chatting and Web surfing .
" AOL would be the first , formative [ online ] experience for tens of millions of users , noted David Cassel , who ran the AOL Watch Web site in the 1990s .
Like Facebook today , it was criticized for its policies on privacy , security and willingness to sell user data , as well as its use of its own proprietary tools .
Over time however , AOL 's influence seemed to wane as more people signed up for broadband connections , which offered more direct access to e-mail and Web surfing .
While still a prominent media company today , AOL is hardly the dominant online portal it once was .
Could the same thing happen to Facebook ?
Prodromou recounted a few of the recently developed standards that could bring about , in his words , a " federated social Web . "
OpenID and OAuth could be used for authentication .
Web identities could be established through Webfinger and Portable Contacts .
Protocols such as Activity Streams and Google 's Pubsubhubbub can be used to publish events and notifications , so that when a notice is published by one service , other services can be notified .
A protocol , called Salmon , can be used for submitting comments across multiple services .
From these protocols , entire social networking stacks could be built , Prodromou argued .
One existing stack , called OStatus , combines Pubsubhubbub , ActivityStreams , Salmon , Portable Contacts , and Webfinger into a single integrated package , which could be used to build photo sharing sites , travel sites , or any other sort of site with social participation .
Elements are still missing , Prodromou acknowledged .
Privacy is the biggest factor :
All of these protocols were based on the idea of sharing .
In addition , a way of indicating who can see what is still needed .
Application programming interfaces are needed as well , so material could be shared across multiple platforms , such as mobile phones .
Nonetheless , a number of open - source social networking services have been created , or in the process of being created , with these protocols .
Perhaps , the highest profile project has been Diaspora , which has been featured in the New York Times .
The developers behind Diaspora , which uses the OStatus stack , plan to unveil the service in September .
Other open social Web applications , all in various stages of completion , include Diso , the Open Source Social Networking Engine , GNU Social , BuddyPress , Vodaphone 's OneSocialWeb , Appleseed and Crabgrass .
Moreover , groundwork is being laid to formally ratify these protocols .
The World Wide Consortium ( W3C ) is looking at ways to develop standard protocols for social Web activities , and is considering ratifying existing standards like OAuth .
A W3C Social Web working group plans to issue a report next month on the feasibility on establishing standards .
Despite this plethora of development activities , the jury is out on whether the world would be ready for a federation of interoperable social networks .
" The demand is n't really that clear .
The problem with social networks is that there are only one or two [ that are popular now ] , not thousands .
So I do n't think the desire is there to intercommunicate , " said Chris DiBona , the open source manager for Google .
He also said that the privacy issues would also be a concern .
DiBona noted that standards would be come more popular if more popular social networking sites crop up , or the internal ones run by enterprises grow more popular .
" I think it is nice that people are trying , but I 'm not sure the analogy works , " he said , referring to comparisons of social Web protocols with those for e-mail and Web standards .
" It is hard to dislodge incumbents and big walled garden networks , but this also means there is lots of opportunity for small players to participate , " Prodromou said .
" Only once the federated system network becomes ubiquitous , do the big networks move in . "
Joab Jackson covers enterprise software and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service .
Follow Joab on Twitter at @ Joab_Jackson .
Joab 's e-mail address is Joab_Jackson@idg.com
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 1 -- Trailer # 1
Harry ( Radcliffe ) , Hermione ( Watson ) , and Ron ( Grint ) set out from Hogwarts to find and destroy the Horcruxes -- the secret to Voldemort 's power and immortality .
Integration Through Penury ?
Denmark Debates a Lower Minimum Wage for Immigrants
A Danish politician has suggested paying immigrants half the current minimum wage .
The idea has gone down well with center - right parties , but it 's opposed by the left -- and the far right .
Right - wing populists fear low wages for immigrants could take jobs away from " regular Danes . "
Microsoft Corp. late Tuesday released an automated tool to stymie exploits of a critical unpatched Windows vulnerability that experts fear will soon be used by hackers against the general PC population .
However , the tool , like a manual procedure that Microsoft recommended last week , is only a makeshift defense , one that many users may resist applying , since it makes much of the Windows system , including the desktop , taskbar and Start menu , almost unusable .
The company posted a " Fix It " tool on its support site that automatically disables the displaying of all Windows shortcut files .
Microsoft stepped users through the same technique last week in its initial security advisory , but at that time it told them that they had to edit the Windows registry .
Most Windows users are reluctant to monkey with the registry , since a single error can cripple a computer .
Microsoft 's single - click Fix
It tool simply automates that process .
Users must reboot their machines after applying the work - around , but IT administrators can configure the tool to install it while users are out of the office or not at their PCs .
The company admitted that applying the Fix It or the registry - editing work - around would " impact usability " of the machine , since both transform the usual graphical icons on the desktop and elsewhere into generic white icons , making it impossible to tell at a glance which represents say , Internet Explorer , and which stands for Microsoft Word .
Microsoft also revised its security advisory , originally published last Friday , to tell corporate administrators that they could defend against attacks by also blocking downloads of shortcut files -- identified by the " .lnk " extension -- and " .pif " files at the network perimeter .
The Windows shortcuts vulnerability was first described more than a month ago by VirusBlokAda , a little - known security firm based in Belarus .
But it only began to attract widespread attention after security blogger Brian Krebs reported on it last Thursday .
A day later , Microsoft confirmed the bug and admitted that small - scale attacks were already exploiting the flaw .
All versions of Windows contain the vulnerability , including the preview of Windows 7 Service Pack 1 ( SP1 ) , and the recently retired - from - support Windows XP SP2 and Windows 2000 .
Hackers can craft malicious shortcut files that in turn automatically execute malware whenever a user simply views the contents of a folder containing the malformed shortcut .
Initial reports noted that attacks were using infected USB drives to hijack Windows PCs running Siemens software that manages large - scale industrial control systems in major manufacturing and utility companies .
Siemens AG has confirmed that one of its customers , a German manufacturer it declined to name , had been victimized by an attack exploiting the shortcut bug .
Microsoft has promised to patch the problem , but it has yet to name a date .
The next regularly scheduled security updates are due to ship in less than three weeks , on Aug. 10 .
Researchers are split over Microsoft 's expected timetable .
But the Tuesday release of the Fix It tool is little help in parsing Microsoft 's plans .
The company released a similar tool in mid-June for a zero - day vulnerability that went public the day before , but it waited 32 days after that to deliver a patch .
In March , however , Microsoft patched a critical Internet Explorer vulnerability just 18 days after issuing a Fix It to block attacks .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer , or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Bug # 52435 the bug has kept me from earning my bonus please fix and pay me my 1 million fa Submitted : 2010-07-25 06:21 UTC
Modified : 2010-07-26 00:11 UTC
Votes : 99 Avg. Score : 3.3 ± 2.0 Reproduced : 23 of 60 ( 38.3 % ) Same Version : 17 ( 73.9 % ) Same OS : 15 ( 65.2 % ) From : dh123lh1 at hotmail dot com Assigned : Status : Not a bug Package : * General Issues PHP Version : Irrelevant OS : windows 7 home premium Home thea Private report : No CVE -ID : None View Add Comment Developer Edit Patches patch_52435 ( last revision 2010 - 07 - 28 07:04 UTC by spam dot 2010 at rebell dot at )
Add a Patch Pull Requests Add a Pull Request History
Luzern , June 29th 2010 – La Quadrature du Net , along with access to medication NGOs , met in Luzern with 20 negotiators of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) .
No answer was given regarding the concern that ACTA would hinder fundamental freedoms online , by turning Internet operators into a private copyright police .
More disturbingly , negotiators showed a profound lack of understanding and competence , close to disdain , regarding Internet and the digital environment .
The acta negociators
Questions were asked to the negociators about the chapter of the ACTA agreement regarding “ [ intellectual property ] enforcement in the digital environment ” , and its consequences for fundamental freedoms and Internet innovation .
Experts , academics , citizens , NGOs and trade unions agree : ACTA will make Internet service and access providers liable for the transmission or storage , by their users , of copyrighted material , unless they implement policies to proactively prevent such infringement .
Therefore , ACTA opens the door for Internet actors to be compelled to restrict users ’ access , filter the Net or arbitrarily remove content online in the name of copyright .
The creation of such a private copyright police would profoundly harm fundamental freedoms – such as freedom of expression , privacy , or the right to a fair trial – and innovation online .
When asked about how they intend to preserve citizens from arbitrary and expeditive sanctions rendered by private actors , through contracts , the negotiators carefully avoided to answer .
Instead , they made shallow , generic statements on their attachement to fundamental freedoms .
“ The profound disdain of the ACTA negotiators , and their blatant lack of knowledge of Internet and the realities of the digital environment , show how flawed the whole process is .
With ACTA , unelected public officials will force private actors into censoring the Internet in the name of copyright .
Citizens worldwide must react by holding their government accountable . ” concludes Jérémie Zimmermann , spokesperson for citizen advocacy group La Quadrature du Net .
( reviewed the day of purchase )
To begin with , as the Web can be a dodgy place and I deplore the literary tradition of arranging to be published and reviewed by one 's friends , may I state that I do not know the author or have any connection with him apart from the purchase of this book .
Post - apocalypse has become a popular genre , making it more challenging for each new arrival .
For me , ' Day of the Triffids ' is one of the yardsticks among works by English authors , and this book is of similar quality , with one or two points of direct comparison .
It may suffice to say that I downloaded it , read the sample , bought it and read the rest all in one sitting .
It combines a page - turning plot with excellent writing .
The style has a sinewy , economical poetry , and the author uses his evident knowledge of weapons , science and English literature to great effect .
As well as telling an action story of occupation and resistance , he explores a philosophical argument between Satanic paganism and Christian morality through the conflict between a village dominated by religious fundamentalists and the gang of sadistic thugs who take it over .
This novel entertained me as a reader and impressed me with its literary qualities , and I recommend it .
WA police have closed off the entry to Perth 's main train station and surrounding city blocks while they negotiate with a naked man who 's armed with a gun .
Police say the man is acting irrationally while standing on top of a billboard at the corner of Wellington and Barrack Streets in the centre of Perth .
The tactical response group and police negotiators are speaking to the man .
Negotiators are using a cherry picker to reach the man .
All train lines are experiencing delays and southbound commuters on the Midland and Armadale lines are being diverted to McIver train station out of the city .
Duty Police Commander Inspector Neil Blair says various parts of the city will be closed off for sometime .
" We 've cordoned off between one and two city blocks to all vehicle and pedestrian traffic , " he said .
" We believe we 're just outside of firing range now and we 've had to isolate carparks , hotels , as well as the railway line .
" There 's no trains running south of the Perth 's city station and that 'll be indefinite at this stage . "
A 24 - year - old Mississauga woman convicted in 2005 of murdering her mother will be allowed to attend the University of Waterloo in September .
She will live at an undisclosed residence under a form of house arrest and other conditions .
The woman and her younger sister , now 23 , were dubbed the “ Bathtub Girls ” during their Brampton murder trial .
The soon - to - be Waterloo freshman was the driving force behind their mother ’s murder and held her head under water in the tub for four minutes .
She has served four years of the maximum 10 - year sentence she and her sister received for their first - degree murder conviction on June 15 , 2005 .
To allow her to start university , Justice Bruce Duncan on Tuesday amended some of the restrictions he imposed last summer when he granted her release from a federal prison to a Barrie halfway house .
No details were revealed about the new phase of her reintegration into society .
Crown Mike Cantlon and her lawyer , Stephen Gehl , agreed she should begin her university studies but they will return to court Sept. 22 to review the new conditions .
“ This never - ending saga will continue then , ” Duncan said .
The young woman ’s previous release conditions included restrictions on family visits and prohibitions on consuming alcohol and recreational drugs .
She had to remain in her halfway house except for medical reasons or emergencies , volunteer work or for other purposes approved in advance .
Last year , she was accepted at Waterloo for science and engineering programs with a scholarship and planned to begin her schooling through correspondence .
The two women were 16 and 15 when they plied their 43 - year - old alcoholic mother with lethal levels of liquor and codeine from Tylenol 3 before drowning her on the night of Jan. 18 , 2003 .
The sisters got away with the murder for more than a year until a friend went to police and revealed their mother ’s death was n’t the liquor - fueled accident it had appeared to be , but a well - planned murder complete with an Oscar - worthy 911 call and a celebration dinner at a local restaurant .
Because of their ages at the time , neither woman can ever be identified .
The younger of the two received parole last month .
She was eligible for early release because she remained in the federal prison system .
Canada ’s laws required the sisters to serve only six of their 10 years .
An appeal court decision in April ruled youth serving adult sentences would get parole after serving two - thirds of their time , so the younger sister was released after four years .
Not being in the federal system any more , the older sister is n’t eligible for release under federal parole .
She remains under probation and must return to court each year for a mandatory review .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The sisters were the first ever convicted of murdering their mother in Canada .
They were also the first to serve youth sentences in an adult federal prison since Canada ’s new youth laws were enacted in 2003 .
This little girl went from ferocious lion to whimpering kitten in record time .
Â
Backstory : Â
The following video shows a little girl claiming she will literally shoot haters in their heads with a glock .
Â
Oh and she has 3 boyfriends , all of which are perfect .
Shortly after this video made it ’s rounds , her information was blasted out everywhere .
In this clip she has a breakdown and her father threatens to call the cops on 4chan .
Her youtube link .
Â ( re-uploaded in case her channel gets hacked )
Moral : Â Sometimes it ai n’t easy being a gangsta
Git is a very powerful DVCS ( Distributed Version Control System ) .
It is a program that allows you to back up and share all of your code , while providing an efficient interface for collaboration with other programmers .
I think social coding and open source is an excellent practice , so I want to promote more awareness of Git and give a short tutorial of how to get started .
Download
The first thing you want to do is download all the git components .
sudo apt - get install git - core git - gui git-doc
This next step may be a little difficult for beginners , so I ’ll document it well .
If you understand key - value pairing and public key authentication , you can skim through this and just get the commands .
If you already have a key then skip to the next section .
Generate A Public / Private Key
To generate a key we ’ll use a built in keygen to create an RSA ( Rivest , Shamir , Adleman ) key - value pair .
At the risk of over simplifying things , RSA is a form of encryption that uses a hash table to generate a value from a given key .
Basically you give it a special key , it runs it through the hash function and spits out your value .
Hashing is a very powerful technique that has a wide range of uses , here however we use it to create a public / private key which is often used as a form of online identity verification / signature .
ssh - keygen -t rsa - C " mathnathan@gmail.com "
the ‘ -t ‘ flag specifies which type of key to create ( we ’re using the RSA hash function ) then , the ‘ - C ‘ flag allows us to append a comment , here it ’s your email .
It will ask you where to save the key , I recommend saving it to the default location ( Press Enter ) .
Then you are to enter your passphrase , this should be a strong passphrase that only you know .
It then saves your identification in the aforementioned directory .
Register Your Key With Github
We need to copy our key from the newly created id_rsa.pub file .
We can use xclip to automatically copy everything in the file to the clipboard .
sudo apt - get install xclip cat ~./ssh/id_rsa.pub | xclip - sel clip
cat means to concatenate .
~./ssh/id_rsa.pub is the file extension to your public key .
| xclip - sel clip funnels the output from cat into xclip where it copies it to the clipboard .
Now we create an account at github .
Click on the Sign up Now button , and select the free account at the top .
button , and select the free account at the top .
Do the typical account registration dance until you have an account .
Click on the Account Settings link from the top tool bar .
link from the top tool bar .
Select SSH Public Keys from the links on the left .
from the links on the left .
Choose Add another public key
Leaving the title blank will use your email let ’s do that , then simply left - click in the key text box and select paste .
Then Click Add key
Customize Your Git Environment
Here we ’re going to set a few environment variables to make your Git experience smoother .
Each variable has three scopes .
–system –
This is a system wide variable change .
–global –
This is a user wide variable chane .
Then there is a . gitconfig file in each project directory
Each subsequent scope overrides the pervious .
e.g. Changing the GIT_COMMITTER_EMAIL variable in the –global scope overrides the GIT_COMMITTER_EMAIL variable in the –system scope .
So let ’s set up your variables .
git config -- global user.name " mathnathan " git config -- global user.email " mathnathan@gmail.com "
There are a few things
Git does without being connected through SSH , so you should set up your account token to allow Git that freedom .
Click on Account Settings
Click on Account Admin
Copy your API Token from there
and paste it here …
git config -- global github.user mathnathan git config -- global github.
token 0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef
Create a Repository and Get Coding
Now you just need to create a repository and begin coding !
First logon to your github account .
Click on the Dashboard link from the tool bar at the top .
link from the tool bar at the top .
Click on the New Repository button
button Choose a project - name
Keep the description short and sweet .
Now click the Create Repository button .
Now cd into the directory where you plan to have your project files , then running init will establish a git database which will keep track of your progress and allow you to share your code , and join the social coding network !
cd / into / your / project / directory git init
There are a few basic git commands you should get comfortable with …
git add filename git commit -m " this is what I 've done " git remote add origin git@github.com :mathnathan/project-name.git git push origin master
The add command puts your filename in the staging area ready to be committed .
That means you ’re finished editing it for now and are ready to work on another .
The commit -m “ this is what I ’ve done ” saves your changes with a comment about what you ’ve done to your local git database
The git remote add origin git@github.com :mathnathan/project-name.git tells git where it is sending your local database when you use the push command .
Once you ’re finished editing for the day , or you want to back everything up , you can push your local data base which is at the master branch in your git file system to your origin which should now be git@github.com : mathnathan/project-name.git
Strengthen Your Git Muscles Here
Help at Github –
This is a good place to come for trouble shooting , checking FAQS , or asking the github community for help .
Pro Git –
This is the best resource for learning everything Git .
Contact me on github and let me know how this tutorial worked for you !
Happy Coding .
Newsweek Bombshell : ‘ Environment No Longer A Surefire Political Winner ’
By Noel Sheppard
After pushing manmade global warming for years , the folks at Newsweek appear to be cooling on the idea .
Prominently placed at the front page of the magazine ’s website Monday was a large , overhead picture of what appeared to be a golf fairway or park with the following headline in green :
A Green Retreat : Why the Environment is No Longer a Surefire Political Winner
Even more surprising was the contents ( Hat Tip to Climate Depot ) :
Following two of the harshest winters on record in the Northern Hemisphere - not to mention an epic economic crisis - voters no longer consider global warming a priority .
Just 42 percent of Germans now worry about climate change , down from 62 percent in 2006 .
In Australia , only 53 percent still consider it a pressing issue , down from 75 percent in 2007 .
Americans rank climate change dead last of 21 problems that concern them most , according to a January Pew poll .
Last month Canada ’s Prime Minister Stephen Harper , blasting climate change as a “ sideshow ” to global economic issues , canceled the meeting of environment ministers that has preceded the G8 or G20 summit every year but one since 1994 .
Merkel has slashed green - development aid in the latest round of budget cuts , while in Washington , Barack Obama seems to have cooled on his plan to cap emissions .
In perhaps the most striking momentum reversal for environmental politicians , last month Rudd became the first leader to be destroyed by his green policies .
Flip - flopping over planned emissions cuts as the opposition exploited Australian voters ’ flagging support for climate measures , he was finally ousted by party rebels .
After discussing some of the politics involved at local levels around the globe , author Stefan
Theil started pointing out the really inconvenient truths Nobel Laureate Al Gore has hidden from his followers :
Increasingly , the whole concept of radical , top - down global targets is coming under scrutiny as citizens and governments face tougher choices over costs and benefits .
Green policies can be popular when they mean subsidizing renewable fuels or going after unpopular power companies , but can quickly hit a wall when they force lifestyle change , such as less driving and fewer swimming pools - fears Rudd ’s opponents have exploited .
Policies that push trendy green fuels also cost much more than other options , such as replacing dirty coal with cleaner gas or emissions - free nuclear power .
Some schemes , such as America ’s corn ethanol and Europe ’s biodiesel made from rapeseed , have virtually zero net emissions savings , but any petroleum they displace is quickly bought up by China .
Even in the ideal case that the United Nations ’ goal of 80 percent emissions reduction by 2050 is technologically and politically feasible , economists disagree widely on whether the cost of the current set of policies , such as carbon caps and green - fuel subsidies , is justified by the avoided damage from warmer temperatures .
But here ’s what should really grab the attention of those that either believe this myth or are still on the fence :
In many ways , green projects have become just another flavor of grubby interest politics .
Biofuels have become a new label for old - style agricultural subsidies that funnel some $ 20 billion annually to landowners with little effect on emissions ( only Brazilian sugar - cane ethanol produces any significant savings ; America ’s corn ethanol and Europe ’s biodiesel do not ) .
Germany ’s solar subsidies , a signature project in the country ’s battle against climate change , are perhaps the most wasteful green scheme on earth , producing a mere 0.25 percent of the country ’s energy at a cost to consumers of as much as $ 125 billion .
A leading member of Merkel ’s Christian Democrats in the German Parliament says there is growing unease both in his party and in the Bundestag “ about the scary monster we ’ve created that is sucking up ever larger amounts of money for a negligible effect . ” [… ]
With green politics losing its moral high ground , there is a growing realization that climate change is just one policy priority among many that compete for limited resources and attention .
That means , first , that climate politics will likely fall off its pedestal of being the Western world ’s overarching priority .
Second , the new sobriety could give more space to a third stream of climate politics between those who see warming as an unmitigated catastrophe that must be stopped at any cost , and those who reject global warming as a hoax .
A new climate realism would more carefully weigh the costs and benefits of emissions controls , and look at other options beyond the current set of targets .
The new debate will be more pragmatic and include a broader mix of policies .
That might include a shift of subsidies into research and development , as many climate economists have argued .
It would also include greater efforts to adapt society to a warmer climate , rather than focusing only on stopping the warming process in its tracks .
Those that have been following this debate from a grander perspective than what is typically presented by global warming - obsessed media know that climate realists have been saying this for years .
Sociologists and economists from around the world have argued that moneys currently being devoted to try to “ stop this problem ” could be far better spent in ways that would more greatly impact citizens on every continent .
But as Theil pointed out :
That idea has so far figured little in the debate , largely because mainstream environmentalists fear it will distract from their push for CO2 cutbacks .
Yet adaptation may offer equally valid and much less expensive choices than cutting back on emissions .
Imagine that : man could adapt to a changing environment more cheaply than trying — likely with little to no success ! — to prevent the change :
In other words , some of the money spent on current policies that often have only limited efficacy might be better spent on other measures , including protection against the worst effects of warming .
What ’s more , current economic worries are a reminder that every dollar spent on solar cells or biodiesel is a dollar less for education and other budget priorities .
Truly shocking stuff , especially from a magazine that as Tom Nelson points out published a cover story almost exactly three years ago entitled “ Global Warming Deniers : A Well - funded Machine . ”
So why the change of heart ?
Was it evidence that the weather really is n’t cooperating with the desires and computer model - driven predictions of the alarmists ?
Did last year ’s ClimateGate scandal , despite the relative lack of press it got here in the states , open up some eyes as to the modus operandi and the deviousness of those spreading the myth ?
Did revelations concerning misreporting and truly bad science employed by Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change contributors weaken the resolve of believers ?
Or was it all the controversy surrounding the Green Messiah Al Gore ’s new home purchase in Montecito quickly followed by a separation from his wife and allegations of a four - year - old sex scandal ?
Or is it merely a consequence of a struggling economy and a federal government trying to figure out ways to finance all its current commitments without the additional burden of environmental spending ?
Whatever the reason or combination thereof , Americans should hope that this is n’t just a brief moment of sanity , and that Newsweek is n’t going to quickly reverse course once someone wakes up Monday morning and realizes what ’s been so prominently placed at the front page of its website .
Noel Sheppard is the Associate Editor of NewsBusters
Read more Great Articles at NewsBusters
.-
The University of Illinois has fired an adjunct professor for teaching in a class on Catholicism that homosexual acts violate natural moral law .
Dr. Kenneth Howell was informed that he could no longer teach in the university 's department of religion .
The decision came after a student complained that Howell 's statements were “ hate speech . ”
In response to his firing , Howell wrote a letter to friends explaining the events surrounding his dismissal .
Howell said in the letter , which was obtained by CNA , that he first came to teach at the St. John 's Catholic Newman Center in 1998 .
At the time , courses on the Catholic faith were taught through the Newman Center , he explained , but in 2000 , an agreement was made with the University of Illinois ' department of religion , and he became an adjunct professor in the department and taught classes on Catholicism .
“ Since the Fall of 2001 , I have been regularly teaching two courses in the department of religion , ” Howell explained .
One of the classes , “ Introduction to Catholicism , ” includes an explanation of Natural Moral Law as affirmed by the Church as well as an application of Natural Law Theory to a disputed social issue .
“ Most of those semesters , my chosen topic was the moral status of homosexual acts , ” he explained .
Howell said he taught the Catholic Church 's position on homosexuality .
He summed it up by saying , “ A homosexual orientation is not morally wrong just as no moral guilt can be assigned to any inclination that a person has .
However , based on natural moral law , the Church believes that homosexual acts are contrary to human nature and therefore morally wrong . ”
To show how homosexual behavior would be considered under competing moral systems , Howell sent an e-mail to the students contrasting utilitarianism with natural moral law .
“ I tried to show them that under utilitarianism , homosexual acts would not be considered immoral whereas under natural moral law they would , ” Howell said .
“ This is because natural moral law , unlike utilitarianism , judges morality on the basis of the acts themselves . ”
A complaint about Howell 's statement was sent in a May 13 e-mail to Robert McKim , head of the religion department .
The e-mail was sent by a student who was not in Howell 's class , but said he was writing on behalf of a friend who was in the class and wished to remain anonymous .
The e-mail complained about Howell 's statements on homosexuality , calling them “ hate speech . ”
" Teaching a student about the tenets of a religion is one thing , " said the e-mail , according to The News - Gazette .
" Declaring that homosexual acts violate the natural laws of man is another .
The courses at this institution should be geared to contribute to the public discourse and promote independent thought ; not limit one 's worldview and ostracize people of a certain sexual orientation . "
Howell said that at the end of the semester , he was called into Robert McKim 's office and told that he would no longer be permitted to teach for the department .
Howell objected that to dismiss him for teaching the Catholic position in a class on Catholicism was a violation of academic freedom and first amendment rights .
“ This made no difference , ” he said .
“ After that conversation and a couple of emails , Professor McKim insisted that this decision to dismiss me stood firm . ”
According to the local paper The News - Gazette , Howell said he has had students disagree with him in the past , but never in such a manner .
" My responsibility on teaching a class on Catholicism is to teach what the Catholic Church teaches , " he said .
" I have always made it very , very clear to my students they are never required to believe what I 'm teaching and they 'll never be judged on that . "
The News - Gazette reported that Howell also said he was open with students about his own beliefs as a practicing Catholic .
" It 's not a violation of academic freedom to advocate a position , if one does it as an appeal on rational grounds and it's pertinent to the subject , " he said .
Later , Howell said , Msgr. Gregory Ketcham , the current Director of the St. John ’s Catholic Newman Center , informed him that the Center would not be able to continue employing him since there was no longer any teaching for him to do .
“ I suggested that we work together to have courses on Catholicism taught at the Newman Center that could be accredited by a Catholic university and that could be transferred into the University of Illinois for credit , ” Howell said .
“ In this way , the students whom we had been called to serve could continue to be instructed in the Catholic Faith . ”
However , Monsignor Ketcham said that he had no interest in such a plan , according to Howell .
Howell is currently working with the Alliance Defense Fund ( ADF ) to seek legal redress .
David French , senior counsel for the ADF said in a written statement , " A university cannot censor professors ' speech – including classroom speech related to the topic of the class – merely because some students find that speech ' offensive . '
Professors have the freedom to challenge students and to educate them by exposing them to different views .
The Alliance Defense Fund is working with Professor Howell because the defense of academic freedom is essential on the university campus . "
Los Angeles County public health and U.S. Forest Service officials have closed the Los Alamos Campground in the Angeles National Forest after a California ground squirrel captured two weeks ago tested positive for plague .
The camp , between Gorman and Pyramid Lake , was closed Saturday afternoon and will remain closed for at least 10 days , said Jonathan Fielding , the county ’s public health director .
Squirrel burrows in the area will be dusted for fleas , and further testing will be conducted before the campground is reopened .
“ We ’re fortunate to have caught this , ” Fielding said .
“ This case now is about prevention . ”
Plague is a bacterial disease in wild rodents that can be transmitted to humans through the bite of infected fleas .
The symptoms of one deadly form of the disease , bubonic plague , include enlargement of the lymph glands near the flea bite and rapid onset of fever and chills .
If left untreated , the disease can infect the blood , or , on rare occasions , the lungs , causing pneumonic plague .
Advertisement
“ It is important for the public to know that there have only been four cases of human plague in Los Angeles County since 1984 , none of which are fatal , ” Fielding said .
Ground squirrels have long been a problem for some cities .
For years , Santa Monica faced an overpopulation of the squirrels at Palisades Park .
The city was cited several times by the county for rodent overpopulation and tried various suppression methods , including poison gas .
Berkeley also faced a similar problem .
Plague is endemic among ground squirrels in the San Gabriel Mountains .
In 2007 , routine surveillance identified one plague - positive squirrel .
In 1996 , two squirrels taken from the Stonyvale picnic area near La Cañada Flintridge tested positive for the disease , and one squirrel from an adjacent campground in Vogel Flats tested positive in 1995 .
In April 2009 , the disease was found in ground squirrels at a popular camping site on Palomar Mountain in northern San Diego County .
Visitors to Los Alamos Campground are advised to avoid squirrels and chipmunks and stay clear of animal burrows , which can be hot spots for fleas .
“ Protection with an insect repellant containing DEET is also recommended for persons visiting the Angeles National Forest and engaging in outside recreational activities in other areas of L.A. County , ” Fielding said .
Advertisement
ruben.vives@latimes.com
If you are citizen of an European Union member nation , you may not use this service unless you are at least 16 years old .
Stop wasting time looking for files and revisions .
Connect your Gmail , Drive , Dropbox , and Slack accounts and in less than 2 minutes , Dokkio will automatically organize all your file attachments .
Learn more and claim your free account .
View Edit Log in to edit this page .
How To Win Friends and Influence People Chris Yeh 8 years ago Page history last edited by How To Win Friends And Influence People By Dale Carnegie
This may be the single greatest business book ever written .
You could probably read it every year , and its advice would still help you out .
It is so good that these notes are simply a summary of the notes already included in the book at the end of each section .
Part One Fundamental Techniques in Handling People
Do n’t criticize , condemn , or complain .
( It rarely helps the situation ) Give honest sincere appreciation .
Arouse in the other person an eager want .
Part Two Six Ways To Make People Like You Become genuinely interested in other people .
Smile .
Remember that a person ’s name is to that person the sweetest and most important sound in any language .
Be a good listener .
Encourage others to talk about themselves .
( This is the secret to being a great conversationalist . )
Talk in terms of the other person ’s interests .
Make the other person feel important — and do it sincerely .
Part Three Win People To Your Way Of Thinking
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it .
( Because even if you win , you are n’t going to get what you want . )
Show respect for the other person ’s opinions .
Never say , “ You ’re wrong . ”
If you are wrong , admit it quickly and emphatically .
( A good way to start is to admit that you could be mistaken . )
Begin in a friendly way .
Get the other person saying “ yes , yes ” immediately .
Let the other person do a great deal of the talking .
Let the other person feel that the idea is his or hers .
Try honestly to see things from the other person ’s point of view .
Be sympathetic with the other person ’s ideas and desires .
Appeal to the nobler motives .
( Even if deep down they make the decision based on the baser ones .
Everyone wants to be the hero of their own story . )
Dramatize your ideas .
( A picture and a story are worth a thousand words . )
Throw down a challenge .
( Do this when all else fails . )
Part Four Be A Leader : How To Change People Without Giving Offense Or Arousing Resentment Begin with praise and honest appreciation .
Call attention to people ’s mistakes indirectly .
Talk about your own mistakes before criticizing the other person .
Ask questions instead of giving direct orders .
Let the other person save face .
Praise the slightest improvement and praise every improvement .
Be “ hearty in your approbation and lavish in your praise . ”
Give the other person a fine reputation to live up to .
Use encouragement .
Make the fault seem easy to correct .
Make the other person happy about doing the thing you suggest .
End notes :
The ability to speak is a shortcut to distinction .
It puts a person in the limelight , raises one head and shoulders above the crowd .
And the person who can speak acceptably is usually given credit for an ability out of all proportion to what he or she really possesses .
An alternate summary from Farnham Street : Criticism Criticism is futile because it puts a person on the defensive and usually makes him strive to justify himself .
Criticism is dangerous , because it wounds a person ’s precious pride , hurts his sense of importance , and arouses resentment . ….
Any fool can criticize , condemn and complain — and most fools do .
But it takes character and self - control to be understanding and forgiving .
That reminds me of this famous quote by Thomas Carlyle : “ A great man shows his greatness by the way he treats little men . ”
Dealing with people
When dealing with people , let us remember we are not dealing with creatures of logic .
We are dealing with creatures of emotion , creatures bristling with prejudices and motivated by pride and vanity .
Influence [ T ] he only way on earth to influence other people is to talk about what they want and show them how to get it .
The secret of success
If there is any one secret of success , it lies in the ability to get the other person ’s point of view and see things from that person ’s angle as well as from your own .
* * * * * * How To Win Friends and Influence People Tip :
To turn text into a link , highlight the text , then click on a page or file from the list above .
Printable version
If you want to know how to build a Facebook Messenger Bot for Facebook Messenger , I have some great news for you .
This article will give you everything you need to know to build your own Chatbot for Facebook Messenger in about 30 minutes .
The Facebook Chatbot is not a new product , but it is being used by more than 100 million people around the world on Facebook Messenger .
Here 's how you can take advantage of the Facebook Chatbot and build your own Chatbot for Facebook Messenger that your friends will love !
We 'll start by creating a new Facebook account .
This is optional but recommended .
It will make your Facebook experience more personalized and also allows you to test the product before you buy it .
Next , you 'll create a new Facebook profile .
When creating a profile , you can choose a category that matches your business .
For example , " furniture " pets . "
You 'll get a bunch of choices , and you 'll want to pick one of the categories .
Next , you 'll open Facebook Messenger .
This is the best place to go because it allows you to build your own Chatbot for Facebook Messenger .
We 'll start by going to the settings menu and clicking on " View " and then " News Feed . "
In here , you 'll see " Related People , " " More From " , and " Recently Chatted With . "
Click on " More From . "
In here , you 'll see a list of people who have chatted with you recently .
Click on one of these people and you 'll see their profile picture .
Now you 'll want to click on the " People " tab .
Then you 'll see a list of people .
A person can chat with other people , or they can chat with your Messenger Chatbot .
In this case , you 'll want to chat with your Messenger Chatbot !
After you 've chosen a chatbot you want to chat with , you need to give that chatbot permission to send and receive messages from people .
To do this , you 'll want to click on the people icon and then on " Add Friend . "
When the people icon is selected , click on the new button at the top of the chat window .
This will allow your Chatbot to send messages to everyone on your friend 's list .
You can now send those messages to everyone .
When you send messages to your chatbot , the chatbot will reply with some informative messages that you can read at any time .
Your Chatbot is completely autonomous , so you can browse the web , check Facebook , etc. while it 's running .
Before building your Chatbot for Facebook Messenger , make sure that you have a well - defined process for testing it out .
Make sure that you do not have the chatbot interact with people it has never met .
Having the chatbot react to messages from people that it has n't ever met makes it much harder to debug problems in your Chatbot .
You can also use Google Chrome to build your Chatbot for Facebook Messenger .
Since this chatbot works through Google 's Web Speech API , you can easily test your Chatbot 's response to user - generated messages .
These are the steps you need to follow to build your Chatbot for Facebook Messenger .
Do n't wait – if you want your Facebook Messenger
Bot to be unique , you need to learn how to build it today !
Out of Office
I Went to the Champagne Region in France to Get a Facial and My Skin Has Never Looked Better
At one of the most historic hotels in France , you can now enjoy a five - star facial in addition to sipping Champagne .
Writer Samantha
Tse tries it out .
Labour leadership frontrunner David Miliband has changed his mind on the issue of equal marriage rights .
During an interview with PinkNews.co.uk earlier this month , he said he thought of civil partnerships as being “ completely equal ” to marriage .
However , a blog on his campaign website now says it is an “ anomaly ” that committed lesbian and gay couples are not considered married and that removing gender from marriage laws is the “ next logical step ” for gay equality .
He wrote that the issue of same - sex marriage had been raised repeatedly during recent leadership hustings and conservations with voters .
Mr Miliband , the former foreign secretary , wrote : “ It is an anomaly that gay couples – although they can call each other husband or wife – ca n’t say they are married .
“ Canada and Argentina have shown the way forward .
That ’s why I support calls to change the definition of marriage to include exclusive relationships between couples , regardless of sex .
This will mean gay couples will be able to describe themselves as married . ”
He added that he supports the amendment to the Equality Act to give churches the option of holding civil partnerships and said the situation would be the same under a new definition of marriage .
“ We should not force churches , mosques and synagogues to officiate over gay marriages but equally we should n’t stop those who want to , ” he added .
Mr Miliband ’s spokesman said he has never been opposed to marriage equality but was keen to hear views on the subject .
The coalition government has begun holding meetings on how to allow faiths to hold civil partnerships , although some campaigners are urging ministers to push towards opening up marriage and civil partnerships to both gay and straight couples .
Civil partnerships were designed to offer all the rights and benefits of marriage but a number of gay groups say they are not adequate as they do not receive the respect granted to marriage and are not always recognised abroad .
While acknowledging that he faces almost insurmountable odds , economist Peter Schiff is n’t about to unfurl the white flag of surrender in his bid for the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate in Connecticut .
Schiff , who has reportedly already committed $ 700,000 of his own money to the race , is relying on his small , but fervent national following to provide him with the means for a last - minute television blitz and direct - mail campaign in his uphill battle against GOP frontrunner Linda McMahon in the state ’s August 10 primary .
The Schiff campaign plans an on - line “ money bomb ” on Thursday .
They hope to raise a million dollars for television and radio ads during the final week of the campaign .
“ I need the support of the people who believe in this movement , who believe in me as a candidate and hopefully they will reach into their pockets a little bit and supply the funds that I need to pay for the media buy , ” he said .
McMahon , the former CEO of World Wrestling Entertainment , has already spent $ 22 million of her personal fortune on the race .
Including a $ 550,000 personal loan to his campaign , the former economic advisor to Ron Paul ’s 2008 presidential campaign has raised a little more than $ 3 million as of June 30 .
Ignored by McMahon throughout the primary contest , Schiff — the first Republican in Connecticut history to successfully petition his way onto a statewide primary ballot — has been an underdog since officially entering the race during an early morning appearance on MSNBC last September .
He continues to trail McMahon by nearly forty points in the most recent polls .
Believing that she ’s already captured the party ’s nomination and unwilling to draw any attention to her pesky rival , McMahon refused to appear with Schiff at last night ’s debate at Trinity College in Hartford , a lively exchange sponsored by the Federation of Connecticut Taxpayer Organizations .
It ’s unfortunate that McMahon “ did n’t think enough of Connecticut taxpayers to show up , ” needled Schiff .
Sadly , nearly two - thirds of Connecticut ’s Republican voters claim they do n’t know enough about Schiff to form an opinion — a factor he hopes to change through last - minute television and radio advertising .
“ I do a much better job of appealing to Republicans than Linda does , ” he told the Business Insider last week .
His biggest problem , he said , is making them aware that he ’s running , and he ca n’t do that without significant television advertising .
Even if Thursday ’s “ money bomb ” fails to materialize , preventing an unexpected eleventh - hour surge that would shake the political establishment to its core , the 47 - year - old president and chief global strategist of Euro Pacific Capital vows to remain in the race until the last vote is counted .
If he ca n’t go to the Senate to prevent the complete collapse of the U.S. economy , he said wistfully , he can “ at least prepare people for it . ”
Climate scientists in the US say police inaction has left them defenceless in the face of a torrent of death threats and hate mail , leaving them fearing for their lives and one to contemplate arming himself with a handgun .
The scientists say the threats have increased since the furore over leaked emails from the University of East Anglia began last November , and a sample of the hate mail sent in recent months and seen by the Guardian reveals the scale and vitriolic tone of the abuse .
The scientists revealed they have been told to " go gargle razor blades " and have been described as " Nazi climate murderers " .
Some emails have been sent to them without any attempt by the sender to disguise their identity .
Even though the scientists have received advice from the FBI , the local police say they are not able to act due to the near - total tolerance of " freedom of speech " in the US .
The problem appears less severe in the UK but , Professor Phil Jones , the UEA scientist at the centre of the hacked email controversy , revealed in February he had been receiving two death threats a week and had contemplated suicide .
" People said I should go and kill myself , " he said .
" They said that they knew where I lived .
They were coming from all over the world . "
The third and final independent review into the issues raised by the hacked UEA emails is due to be published on Wednesday when Sir Muir Russell presents his panel 's conclusions .
Professor Stephen Schneider , a climatologist based at Stanford University in California , whose name features in the UEA emails , says he has received " hundreds " of violently abusive emails since last November .
The peak came in December during the Copenhagen climate change summit , he said , but the number has picked up again in recent days since he co-authored a scientific paper last month which showed that 97%- 98 % of climate scientists agree that mankind 's carbon emissions are causing global temperatures to increase .
Schneider described his attackers as " cowards " and said he had observed an " immediate , noticeable rise " in emails whenever climate scientists were attacked by prominent right - wing US commentators , such as Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh .
" [ The senders ] are not courageous people , " said Schneider .
" Where are they getting their information from ?
They just listen to assertions made on blogs and rightwing talkshows .
It 's pathetic . "
Schneider said the FBI had taken an interest earlier this year when his name appeared on a " death list " on a neo -Nazi website alongside other climate scientists with apparent Jewish ancestry .
But , to date , no action has been taken .
" The effect on me has been tremendous , " said Schneider .
" Some of these people are mentally imbalanced .
They are invariably gun-toting rightwingers .
What do I do ?
Learn to shoot a Magnum ?
Wear a bullet - proof jacket ?
I have now had extra alarms fitted at my home and my address is unlisted .
I get scared that we 're now in a new Weimar republic where people are prepared to listen to what amounts to Hitlerian lies about climate scientists . "
Dr Kevin Trenberth , head of the climate analysis section at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Colorado , said he has also been receiving similar emails since last November when a private email of his was released into the public domain in which he had said : " The fact is that we can't account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we can 't . "
Trenberth has gone on to repeatedly defend his email and explain its context , but says he has now sent a file of abusive emails totalling " 19 pages of text at about 10pt font " to his university 's security officials .
He said the response of the US police had been " pathetic " , but also blamed it on freedom - of - speech legislation .
Professor Michael Mann , director of the Earth System Science Center at Pennsylvania State University and leading proponent of the " Hockey Stick graph " , said his experiences of hate mail were " eerily similar " to those described by Schneider .
" I 'm not comfortable talking about the details , especially as some of these matters remain under police investigation , " he said .
" What I can say is that the emails come in bursts , and do seem to be timed with high - profile attack pieces on talk radio and other fringe media outlets . "
Last month , Mann told ABC News in the US that the following message was typical of the emails he has been receiving : " Six feet under with the roots is where you should be .
I was hoping I would see the news that you 'd committed suicide .
Do it , freak . "
Another climate scientist , who wished to remain anonymous , said he had had a dead animal dumped on his doorstep and now travels with bodyguards .
Dr Gavin Schmidt , a climatologist at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York and co-author of the RealClimate website , said he had chosen to adopt a different strategy and now largely ignores the abusive emails he receives .
" I learned a while ago that there is no way to prevent people who have no idea who you are , or what you think , or what you do , using your name to project their problems onto , " he said .
" Should I be offended and get annoyed , or should I just look upon my interlocutor with bemusement and pity ? "
UK - based climatologists working outside of UEA report they have received far fewer abusive emails compared to their US counterparts .
Dr Myles Allen , head of the climate dynamics group at University of Oxford 's Atmospheric , Oceanic and Planetary Physics Department , said he only tends to get such emails when he writes an article in the press and that they " tend to start off ' Dear Communists , know that you will fail . ' "
" I suspect part of the reason people feel they have to attack climate scientists is that politicians and environmentalists have a tendency to hide behind the science , " he said .
" In the run-up to Copenhagen , we often heard the phrase ' the science dictates ' - that we need a 40 % cut in rich - country emissions by 2020 , for example - when in fact only a very specific , and politically loaded , interpretation of the science implied any such thing .
If people who claim to be on the side of the science use scientists as human shields , it is hardly surprising that the scientists end up getting shot at . "
Dr Peter Stott , head of climate monitoring and attribution at the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , said he had had " mercifully few " abusive emails or letters compared to scientists in the US .
" I do get letters and emails accusing me of being wrong and stupid , but I have received few really abusive ones .
I got one accusing me of being a communist , but so far at the Met Office at least we have n't been on the receiving end of the types of hate mail the US scientists have apparently been getting .
Also in Australia , I hear . "
PATERSON — Like so many others , the lawsuit was written by hand and riddled with spelling errors .
It came from an inmate at Passaic County Jail .
He told of being denied food and water , days without a shower and getting kicked by a guard .
“ All of my efforts to file charges have been ignored by the jail , breaking my constitutional rights , ” wrote Albert Mullings , 31 , who was charged with burglary and other crimes .
His lawsuit , filed last month in federal court in Newark , is among hundreds submitted each year by inmates in New Jersey .
Most are drafted by the prisoners themselves , people whose legal experience is typically limited to their own prosecution .
Some of the suits are illegible .
Some are written in Spanish .
Many are derided as frivolous .
And combined , they account for one of every seven federal lawsuits filed in New Jersey , creating a tremendous workload for the court system .
Yet buried among the often muddled arguments of jailhouse lawyers , these suits occasionally contain salient legal points — and , once in a great while , one succeeds .
“ They often do present interesting legal issues , ” said Lawrence S. Lustberg , who directs a program for the Newarkbased law firm Gibbons that provides legal services in constitutional - rights cases , including for inmates .
The number of suits filed by New Jersey inmates has been climbing steadily , up 45 percent since 2006 .
Last year prisoners filed more than 1,100 .
A sampling of the complaints filed last month include that of an inmate who said officials at Hudson County Correctional Center refused to investigate after he was raped by a fellow inmate .
Another inmate wrote that overcrowding at the Camden County jail had led to unsafe conditions .
A third said he cut his legs on exercise equipment at Southern State Correctional Facility in Cumberland County , requiring 43 staples .
Officials at the facilities either denied the allegations or declined comment .
Howard Goldberg , chief of litigation for Camden County , said the jail is no longer overcrowded .
Related coverage :
• State will pay inmate over $ 100 K to settle lawsuit
• Judge grants class-action status to Passaic County jail lawsuit
• Lawsuit labels Passaic County Jail an ' affront to human decency '
• Judge has ' great concern ' over prison officials ' actions
A spokesman for the Passaic County Jail said Albert Mullings ’ allegations were “ totally unfounded . ”
The charges against Mullings were dropped last week and he was released from jail .
Perhaps the most momentous such lawsuit was filed in Florida by Clarence Earl Gideon , who in 1961 was sentenced to five years in prison for stealing a few dollars and bottles of beer from a pool hall .
Gideon had represented himself during his trial because he could n’t afford a lawyer .
So Gideon wrote — in pencil — to the U.S. Supreme Court .
In 1963 , the justices ruled in his favor , saying courts must provide a lawyer for anyone charged with a serious crime who cannot afford his own attorney .
Gideon ( who was acquitted in his retrial ) was the exception of all exceptions .
But other inmate lawsuits have nudged the system .
In 2001 , a suit filed by an inmate at a state facility for convicted sex offenders at Avenel led to a settlement revamping the way the facility treated diabetics .
And in 2005 , the state settled a case with a convicted murderer at East Jersey State Prison , allowing him to practice Wicca , a form of witchcraft .
Still , most inmate lawsuits go nowhere .
It is rare for New Jersey to settle with an inmate , said Dianne M. Moratti , a deputy state attorney general .
The state prevails in 95 percent of such cases , she said .
Sometimes officials will go to trial instead of paying even a $ 1 settlement .
" The point needs to be made that we do not settle frivolous lawsuits .
It ’s too expensive in the long run , " Moratti said .
In her 11 years overseeing the unit , inmates have become increasingly sophisticated at litigating , Moratti added .
" There are some I have seen from inmates that I would have sworn were written by a lawyer .
I just think they have honed their skills , " she said .
SCREENING THE COMPLAINTS
Nationally , the number of inmate lawsuits has dropped precipitously since 1996 , when Congress made it harder for such suits to be filed .
The new law imposed filing fees and forced inmates to exhaust internal jail grievance procedures before turning to the courts .
Proponents of the law pointed to lawsuits in which inmates grumbled about broken cookies and train whistles that disturbed their sleep .
Inmate advocates said those were rare exceptions and contended the law made it exceedingly difficult for prisoners to have fair access to the court .
Nonetheless , the suits continue .
To process them , the federal courts system in New Jersey employs a team of lawyers .
They spend day after day reading the complaints , deciphering lousy handwriting and garbled syntax to search for a valid argument or a reason to dismiss .
Then they recommend to a judge whether a suit should proceed .
" The question is when do any of these conflicts rise to the level of a violation of the Constitution , " said Garrett E. Brown Jr. , the chief judge of New Jersey ’s federal courts .
Inmate advocates say the intricacies of the law make it exceedingly difficult for someone behind bars to craft a cogent legal argument .
" It ’s almost like saying : ‘ Hey , you have been diagnosed with brain cancer .
Here is an operating room and some books .
Go ahead and operate on yourself , ’ " said Paul Wright , an ex-convict from Vermont who runs a magazine called Prison Legal News .
In most instances after a judge determines a suit has merit , a pro bono lawyer takes over the case .
In 2001 , two civilly committed sex offenders filed hand - written suits saying a state facility in Kearny had not provided them with adequate mental health treatment .
Their case was assigned to lawyers at the Seton Hall Law School ’s Center for Social Justice .
" We took the essence of their complaint and structured it into a fully developed legal theory , " said Baher Azmy , a Seton Hall Law professor .
Despite objections from the state , U.S. District Judge Dennis M. Cavanaugh allowed several counts of the suit to proceed in 2003 .
Since then , dozens of inmates have joined the suit , the state has allowed an outside expert to inspect the facility , and the two sides are engaged in settlement negotiations .
Moratti , the deputy attorney general , said she does not view inmate suits as a burden to the state .
They are a necessary price for a society that guarantees everyone access to the court system , she said .
Moratti also credited the suits with pushing for positive changes at correctional facilities and , on some level , keeping them safer .
" I think that if you do not provide inmates with an avenue of redress with the court system , they may feel they need to take matters into their hands , " Moratti said .
" If they feel the court system is protecting their rights , they do n’t have to protect themselves .
Then the officers stay safer .
The inmates stay safer .
And the visitors stay safer . "
" I did what was right .
I did what was just .
I did not regret it then .
I do not regret it now , " Mr Blair told the crowd .
Abortion commercial that makes your “ balls hurt ”
It is easy to get an abortion in China , a country where over 13 million abortions are carried out each year .
According to this commercial , it only cost 98 Yuan ( 15 $ ) during early pregnancy at Yunnan Union Hospital !
The commercial ironically uses the melody of a popular Chinese song Love Business sang by Xiaoxiao Murong .
With its catchy tune , many kuso version of the Love Business lyrics are also circulating the net .
The love you give me
Makes my heart racing
Accident happens , when knowing the result
Tear drops down
It was all you fault
Only knows how to do it fast
And now how do you have the heart to hurt me
Love - accident , you do n’t like it
I am also scared
Yunnan Union Hospital helps me to get ride of the accident
Yunnan Union Hospital , early pregnancy surgery only 98 yuan
This commercial was said to make your “ balls hurt ” ( 蛋疼 : danteng ) by the Chinese Internet users .
蛋疼 “ danteng ” : Chinese Internet slang , “ danteng ” was a saying form northern China , then was excessively used by the WOWERS on the Internet , also translated has “ Ballache ” in respect to “ headache ” .
Originally “ danteng ” means the strange things people do because of being bored , or the state of boredom , like “ so bored that I have a Ballache ” .
Now anything that is abnormal , illogical , makes no sense can be described as “ danteng ” .
“ Danteng ” can also be used as helpless or cannot be helped , for example after reading someone ’s post you can say this person makes me “ denteng ” .
In general it also means shocking , crazy .
stupefied …
When people are given accurate information about the costs of oil dependence , according to the latest survey from the Consumer Federation of America ( CFA ) , they make better decisions , like choosing higher vehicle fuel standards that will lead to less oil consumption .
Which is what makes the keynote address by former oil man and former President George W. Bush at the WindPower 2010 conference so troubling .
It was filled with deception , misdirection and untruth .
The crowd enjoyed and applauded the folksy , funny anecdotal presentation , which means it absorbed the former President ’s inaccuracies along with his stories .
And , as U.S. Oil Market Fundamentals and Public Opinion ( completed just before the Gulf oil castastrophe ) shows , when people have inaccurate information they make decisions like “ drill , baby , drill . ”
Fortunately , Mr. Bush also delivered some entirely accurate and sound messages in his talk .
He emphasized that wind energy is one of the ideas that will deliver the nation from its oil addiction .
He is certainly to be applauded for having the integrity , as a self - proclaimed son of Texas , to have declared the U.S an oil addict during his presidency and having done what he did for the Texas wind industry in the 1990s .
Yet even in recounting how he , as Governor of Texas , helped make the state into the nation ’s wind energy leader , he disappointed .
In listing the policies he instituted as Governor in support of wind , there was a glaring omission .
He listed first and foremost “ good sound law ” that allows entrepreneurs to get a “ reasonable return ” for investment risks .
He also called for low taxes , streamlined permitting and expanded access to transmission .
What President Bush omitted was the one thing the American Wind Energy Association ( AWEA ) and every other speaker at the convention , including North Dakota Senator Byron Dorgan , Colorado Governor Bill Ritter , Iowa Governor Chet Culver , Ohio Governor Ted Strickland , CEOs from major wind companies across the country and around the world and the AWEA CEO Denise Bode , were clamoring for : A national Renewable Electricity Standard ( RES ) .
:: continue ::
click to enlarge
An RES is a mandate requiring regulated utilities to obtain a specific portion of their power from New Energy sources by a date certain .
The wind industry wants an RES requiring 20 % New Energy by 2020 or 2025 .
Under then - Governor Bush , the Texas legislature instituted a 2,000 - megawatt mandate .
An endorsement of a national RES from the former President would surely carry weight with enough Senate Republicans to push it through but no such endorsement was rendered .
The most difficult parts of Mr. Bush ’s keynote were things that seemed either sadly ignorant or intentionally subversive .
That there was a strong sense of deep anger beneath the folksy presentation suggested intentional subversion .
But , as usual , the former president ’s social leveling act allowed some observers , like New York Times blogger Kate Galbraith , to dismiss the inaccuracies as casual ignorance and verbal clumsiness .
What was below the surface of the President ’s presentation was surely the most interesting aspect of the former President ’s appearance .
It is a shame that other observers failed to comment on how clearly he demonstrated the Freudian link between humor and anger .
His self - effacing , good - old - boy , folksy persona remains intact .
But being in the room , up close to the act , it was possible to see and sense in the President ’s presence something very intense , something seething , something defiant .
Beyond reporting the observation and noting that it is a psycho-emotional mindset typical of the alcohol addicts he once again admitted to being at the end of the session , it is a subject best left to others .
He said he did not want to generate news or criticize his successor because “ … I did n’t like it when a former President was unbelievably critical during my presidency … ”
This was a clear swipe at former President Carter ’s principled opposition to the Iraq war and , as Mr. Bush wished , it did not generate news .
Enmity , yes , but news , no , because the mainstream press bought his folksy act .
He told a charming story about what it is like to be out of the White House and free to take Barney , the former First Dog , for a walk in his Dallas neighborhood .
When Barney chose to do his business on a neighbor ’s lawn , Mr. Bush realized he was n’t in D.C. anymore .
click to enlarge
“ So there I was , the former President of the United States , with a plastic baggie … ” Mr. Bush joked to the crowd ’s hilarity .
“ Picking up that which I had been dodging for 8 solid years . ”
In one subversive slash , he jokingly dismissed all the illegitimate and legitimate criticisms of him as dog poop .
Undoubtedly the most disturbing point in Mr. Bush ’s talk came near the end of his prepared remarks .
We are in a transitional period , he said .
A comprehensive energy policy is necessary .
But his grandchildren , he envisioned , “ … will be driving electric cars powered primarily by renewable sources of energy , be it natural gas – which now as the result of a technological breakthrough we have 200 years of supply – whether it be nuclear power or whether it be solar and wind energy … ”
The first correction to this misinformation is that battery electric vehicles ( BEVs ) will be widely available in late 2010 and early 2011 so there is no need to plan on waiting out another generation of oil dependence before driving one .
Though nearly half of the grid electricity that will power those BEVs is still supplied by coal , the other half comes from natural gas , nuclear energy and renewables .
More importantly , Mr. Bush ’s own observation that there is a time limit on the supply of natural gas proves it is not a renewable source of power generation .
And many doubt the very optimistic predictions about the extent of the shale gas reserves to which he referred .
They are optimistic predictions that echo BP ’s promises that they could control Gulf of Mexico deepwater drilling spills .
Natural gas is cleaner than coal but it is a fossil fuel .
Some theories suggest that the 200 - year supply to which Mr. Bush referred , which will be obtained only through the energy - intensive and environmentally questionable “ technological breakthrough ” process of hydrofracking the shale holding the reserves , could produce more greenhouse gas emissions ( GhGs ) than burning coal .
click to enlarge
It has been a difficult spring for fossil fuels .
29 coal miners were crushed , 11 oil platform workers were incinerated and the U.S. is facing the worst human - induced environmental disaster in history .
The nation is , by virtually every commentator ’s report , at a crucial crossroads in its energy life .
It can move ahead into a New Energy future or it can remain mired in the deadly and disastrous Old Energies .
It can level its mountains for coal and live with black tarry beaches and oil - shiny oceans or it can build the infrastructure to draw on the clean , free power of sun and wind , flowing waters , deep earth heat and its own waste .
The people of this nation will choose the leaders who will control the decision - making process that takes place at the crossroads .
At the very least , they deserve to have accurate information when they make the call .
Some facts : The U.S. imports 60 %+ of its oil .
Gulf oil is about 15 % of U.S. production but U.S. oil provides only about 3 % of what is consumed and Gulf oil is therefore only 0.3 % of world oil reserves .
Generally , the people of the U.S. believe the nation has as much as 45 % or more of the world ’s oil .
When they are given accurate information about how little is held domestically , support for policies that reduce oil dependency in general goes from 54 % to 68 % and support for a strong auto fuel efficiency standard goes from 66 % to 72 % .
They say the truth hurts .
It most hurts those who profit from untruth .
click to enlarge
This post is based on U.S. Oil Market Fundamentals and Public Opinion : Consistent Concerns and Support for Policies to Reduce Consumption Despite Wild Price Swings by Mark Cooper ( May 2010 , Consumer Federation of America )
( A shorter version of this piece originally appeared at Greentech Media . )
An experimental solar - powered aircraft launched on Wednesday has landed safely in Switzerland after successfully flying through the night .
The feat is a step toward the makers ' aim of circling the globe using the power of the Sun to fuel the plane .
The aircraft used super - efficient solar cells and batteries to stay in the air after the Sun 's rays had faded .
The plane touched down at an airfield about 30 miles ( 50 km ) from the Swiss capital Bern at 0900 ( 0700 GMT ) .
The plane landed at Payerne airport after a total flight time of 26 hours .
During the flight it reached a height of 8,700 m ( 28,543 ft ) .
Assistants rushed to stabilise the experimental aircraft as it touched down , ensuring that its huge 63 m ( 207 ft ) wingspan did not scrape the ground and topple the plane .
It is the longest and highest flight recorded by a solar - powered plane .
The four - engine aircraft was steered by Andre Borschberg , a former fighter jet pilot from Switzerland .
The plane has 12,000 solar cells arranged on its wingspan which collected enough energy to power the plane for the flight .
' Perpetual flight '
Previous flights of Solar Impulse have included a brief " flea hop " and a longer airborne test earlier this year .
But this week 's attempt was described as a " milestone " by the team .
The designers , the Solar Impulse team led by Mr Borschberg and fellow aviator Bertrand Piccard , say that this proves that a plane can be kept in the air around the clock .
Nothing can prevent us from another day and night , and the myth of perpetual flight Bertrand Piccard , Solar Impulse Solar 24 - hour test flight starts
" It 's the first time ever that a [ manned ] solar airplane has flown through the night , " Mr Piccard told journalists .
" That was the moment that proved the mission was successful , we made it . "
The plane emerged from the darkness of night with three hours power remaining in its batteries , more than had been expected .
" Nothing can prevent us from another day and night , and the myth of perpetual flight . "
The team will now build a new , more advanced , model of the plane .
They aim to circumnavigate the globe by 2013 .
" Hi , Arne .
My name is Jesse Hagopian . "
As I locked eyes and firmly shook hands , I wondered if my years of teaching would be enough to help the freshman Secretary of Education gain the knowledge and skills he would need .
Arne Duncan had come to the Seattle area on July 9 to address Aviation High School , and his visit happened to coincide with the American Federation of Teachers ( AFT ) convention taking place in Seattle .
I joined the picket of teachers from the AFT who had journeyed to the high school with signs such as " Race to the Top : First place business , last place students . "
As we rallied outside the high school , the event planners grew nervous that we would disrupt this stage - managed affair .
They offered us a meeting with one of Duncan 's aides in exchange for our polite behavior during his address .
We agreed , and after the event were escorted to a nearby classroom for the meeting .
When an aide entered the room and told us , " The Secretary will come meet with you soon , " I assumed he meant one of Duncan 's clerical assistants would come write down our concerns .
But a few minutes later , Secretary Duncan himself entered the classroom and took a seat in the center of the room , with us educators fanned out around him .
WE TEACHERS pooled our collective experience that day to construct , on the fly , what turned out to be a comprehensive " lesson plan " for the schooling of Arne Duncan , driven by the essential question : " What is a quality education ? "
Our lesson was complete with a pre-assessment , a multi-stage lesson plan targeted at Arne 's deficiencies , a concluding summative assessment and an intervention plan for follow - up assistance -- not unlike what we would do with any other student at risk of failure .
Our pre-assessment of Arne 's skills was based on years of following Arne 's speeches , writings and public policies -- all of which have culminated in his " Race to the Top " initiative ( RTTT ) and his national " turnaround plan . "
RTTT is tied to a $ 4.3 billion fund to make states compete for desperately needed education money by using eligibility requirements to push for charter schools -- schools publicly funded by taxpayers , yet run privately , outside the control of local school boards -- and merit pay schemes where teachers are paid according student test scores .
Arne 's turnaround plan proposes closing some 5,000 schools across the county and firing entire teaching staffs at schools perceived to be failing .
These national initiatives were first developed by Arne in his role as CEO of the Chicago Public Schools ( where he served from 2001 - 2008 ) for his " Renaissance 2010 " program that consisted of closing down dozens of schools , predominately in Black neighborhoods , and converting many to charter schools or military academies .
At numerous school board meetings and protests , teachers , students and community members warned Duncan that the reckless closing of schools would have dire consequences -- from the loss of cherished neighborhood schools and union teachers to an increase in gang violence .
Predictably , these education advocates were proven right .
Student achievement stagnated , and deadly violence soared in the schools -- with some 34 deaths and 290 shootings in 2009 as a result of students being transported to schools across gang boundaries .
A study by the University of Chicago 's Consortium on Chicago School Research released in October 2009 examined the academic effects of the closings on students at 18 elementary schools shut down between 2001 and 2006 .
The study concluded that the vast majority of students went from one low - performing school to another , with no achievement gains -- and in fact , even saw temporary decreases in test scores during the stressful period when the announcement of their school being slated for closing was made .
Moreover , a massive study by Stanford University , looking at data covering some 70 percent of all charter school students nationally , found that bad charter schools outnumber good ones by a ratio of roughly 2 to 1 -- and an astonishing 83 percent of charter schools were either no better , or worse than , traditional public schools .
The performance pay experiment that Duncan imposed on the Chicago Public Schools , known as the " Teacher Advancement Program , " had equally dismal results .
Merit pay schemes have long been criticized by teachers ' unions and education advocates for driving teachers to narrow the curriculum to cover only what is assessed on tests -- and for pitting teachers against each other for a limited pool of money , thus breaking down teacher collaboration and creating disincentives for educators to share effective teaching techniques .
A report issued last May by Mathematica Policy Research on the merit - pay program that Arne initiated in Chicago reveals that paying teachers according to test scores did n't increase student achievement whatsoever .
Thus , every major initiative that Arne Duncan is currently advocating on a national level has been shown by non-partisan research institutions to be ineffective at best .
ONE TEACHER from Detroit opened our meeting with Arne by summarizing the results of our " pre-assessment , " saying , " What you are doing is stepping up privatization , charterization , and segregation and inequality ... and you know that . "
Our " lesson " then began by providing context to our essential question :
What is a quality education ?
I explained that I was a seventh - grade humanities teacher in the Seattle Public Schools until the budget cuts hit , and I was laid off .
I then expressed my displeasure with his decision to reject a call from Congress to tap some of the Race to the Top funds in order to save some of the projected 200,000 to 300,000 teaching jobs that will be cut in the upcoming school year .
What follows is the transcription ( taken from my audio recording ) of our exchange .
Note that I use the " Socratic seminar " teaching method that stresses asking open - ended questions to allow for the student to develop High Order Thinking skills , such as analysis , evaluation and creativity :
Mr. Hagopian : I really need an answer to my questions about the recent Stanford study that was funded by the Walton Family .
As soon as that study showed that charters underperformed public schools , I do n't know why you did n't change policy .
Arne :
There is a real mix of charter schools .
You have good charter schools , you have medium charter schools , you have bad charter schools .
And so I just think we need more good schools in this country ... I have said good charter schools are part of the solution and bad charter schools are part of the problem .
So you can't tar or paint everyone with one brush .
The reality is much more complex than that .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Mr. Hagopian : I 've heard that response that you have given , but what still does n't make sense to me is ... that the problem with charters is that you put public funds under private control .
So if public schools on the whole are outperforming charter schools on the whole , then why do n't we use the system where public funds stay under public control , and then we bring in innovation and resources to the public schools ?... What is the advantage of charters ?
Arne :
There is nothing inherently good or bad about charters ...
As I looked around the room , I noticed my educator colleagues taking mental note that Arne clearly had n't done his homework on the charter school issue -- and thus provided an incomplete answer that could impact his overall grade for the lesson .
I realized then that I needed to step in with some facts to help scaffold this activity for Arne .
Mr. Hagopian : I [ have also ] taught in Washington D.C.... I taught 10 minutes from the White House -- I would drive by the White House , and then I 'm in a school with a hole in the ceiling , and it rains into the class .
Then I would get charter school students who were kicked out of their school come November .
But what happened ?
When they get kicked out of their school , the funds do n't follow them .
The funds stay in the privatized charter school , but my class size rises .
That is a flawed system that has to change .
Our lesson concluded with an informal summative assessment of Arne 's analysis of our essential question about " What is a quality education ? "
Chicago teacher Danielle Ciesielski began the assessment by questioning Arne about his support for scripted lessons in Chicago that eliminated teacher creativity , ended project - based learning and narrowed the curriculum to pre-approved seminars .
Arne :
To be clear , we [ the Department of Education ] want curriculum to be driven by the local level , pushing that .
We are by law prohibited from directing curriculum .
We do n't have a curriculum department .
Mr. Hagopian : I have to interject on that point .
Because I think that merit pay ...
Arne :
Let me finish , let me finish ...
Mr. Hagopian : ... Directly influences curriculum .
When you have teachers scrambling and pitted against each other for a small amount of money [ based on how their students perform on a test ] , what it does is narrow the curriculum to what 's on the test , even if you do n't set curriculum specifically .
So I think you have to address that .
Arne : I will .
No one is mandating merit pay .
Mr. Hagopian :
But you support it though ?
Arne : I do , I do ...
Mr. Hagopian :
So you support narrowing the curriculum .
Arne : Can I finish ?
It 's a voluntary program .
Schools and districts and unions are working together on some really innovative things .
Mr. Hagopian : Merit pay is n't part of Race to the Top ?
ARNE'S NON - answer to my direct question was troubling , and I hoped my rhetorical question at the end of this exchange would push him to a deeper understanding of our topic .
While Arne 's performance during our lesson was disappointing , none of us educators were surprised , given his chronic absenteeism from the realm of pedagogy .
As a spokesperson for Arne recently admitted to the media , his only instructional experience came as a youngster when " his mother ran an after - school program for underprivileged kids in a church basement , and he was both a student there and a tutor . "
At the end of our lesson , we had to acknowledge that we failed in our objective to help Arne develop the concept of a quality education , and my belief that all students can succeed was truly tested .
Determined not to give up even on the most challenging of students , however , we recommend Arne meet with the following specialists for these targeted interventions :
Parents :
Do n't let Arne close your child 's school .
If the federal government can bail out the banks and find the money to bomb children in Afghanistan , then we know there is enough money to build a world - class education system in your neighborhood .
Demonstrate and speak out for the funding your school deserves rather than let it be shut down or privatized .
Students :
You are not a number generated by a Scantron machine .
You are a passionate , creative young person who can change the world .
Refuse to be categorized solely by a test score and demand an education that speaks to who you are and what is important to your community .
Teachers : Unions brought us the weekend .
They are indispensable , do n't let Arne bust your union .
Fight to make your union stronger .
Replicate the success of the Caucus of Rank - and - File Educators in Chicago -- the reform caucus newly elected to run the Chicago Teachers Union - - with its vision of social justice education and social movement unionism in unflinching opposition to those who would seek to profit off of the public schools .
With this action plan of parents , students and teachers finding common cause in building their own vision of a quality education apart from that of Corporate America , Arne Duncan may , despite himself , get the education he so desperately needs .
Analysis
EFL Trophy reaction :
We needed this win to give us a chance of progressing
Andy Myers praised the character of his side after the young Blues battled back from a goal down to claim two points following a penalty shootout that decided our latest EFL Trophy tie against Walsall .
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
Nina ( 34 ) : - Jeg trodde ikke mine egne øyne
En elg forvillet seg inn i en Kiwi - butikk på Kongsvinger i formiddag .
|||( Dagbladet ) : Nina Haugland ( 34 ) fra Sander fikk seg et realt sjokk da en elg fant veien inn på en Kiwi - butikk via en blomsterbutikk i Kongsvinger i formiddag .
- Det var en årskalv som sikkert var forvirret av tordenværet .
Den kom gående inn døra på blomsterbutikken .
Kanskje han så de grønne plantene og trodde det var skogen , sier hun til Dagbladet .
- Folk skrek Via blomsterbutikken klarte elgen å ta seg inn i Kiwi - butikken ved siden av .
Og i løpet av sin korte visitt , klarte den å gjøre maksimal skade på inventaret .
- Den ødela mye i både butikken og kafeteriaen som ligger ved siden av , forklarer Haugland .
Hun forteller at elgen rett og slett hoppet over inngangsporten inn til selve Kiwi - butikken .
Selv jobber hun i Nestle og Findus og er av og til innom butikken for å fylle på med varer .
- Jeg så ikke at den kom inn først .
Men så begynte folk å skrike og det var et skikkelig leven , så jeg måtte gå bort og finne ut av det , forteller hun .
- Jeg trodde ikke mine egne øyne .
Det var en litt spesiell situasjon , innrømmer hun .
- Jeg har sett lignende klipp på TV , men trodde aldri jeg selv skulle oppleve noe slikt .
Filmet dramaet Haugland tok opp telefonen og filmet opptrinnet på mobilen .
- Det var morsomt i ettertid , når det gikk bra .
Ingen ble skadet , sier hun .
Til slutt blir elgen jaget ut samme veien som den kom .
- Dette er en dag jeg kommer til å huske , for å si det sånn .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - The Liberal Democrats agreed to drop their opposition to a new generation of nuclear power stations in one of many “ unpleasant ” compromises needed to secure a power - sharing deal with the Conservatives , the new energy minister said on Thursday .
A general view of the British Energy Hunterston ' B ' nuclear power station near Largs in west Scotland September 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / David Moir
Chris Huhne , a Liberal Democrat who has described nuclear power as a “ failed technology , ” said it was worth sacrificing one of his party ’s key election pledges to bolster Britain ’s first coalition since 1945 .
The Conservatives and Liberal Democrats agreed to share power on Wednesday after the ruling Labour Party failed to win a fourth term in office at an inconclusive election last week .
Under their agreement , the Liberal Democrats agreed not to vote against Conservative proposals to build new nuclear power stations to replace the current ageing plants .
“ This is a coalition agreement that has always involved compromise on both sides , ” Huhne told BBC radio .
“ There are a whole series of compromises which have been struck in this agreement which I think are obviously unpleasant for each of the parties . ”
The pay - off for such compromises is a chance to “ reshape British politics ” and protect the economic recovery , he added .
The Labour Party , forced out of power after 13 years , supports the new nuclear power stations and its votes would probably guarantee a Conservative victory in any parliamentary vote .
The Liberal Democrats , who say nuclear power is too expensive , would abstain .
“ If there is a majority in parliament in favour of a particular proposal ... new nuclear will go ahead , ” Huhne added .
Nuclear reactors generated about a fifth of Britain ’s electricity in the second quarter of 2009 , but all except one of them is due to shut by 2025 .
With time running out to build a new set of reactors , the Conservatives announced measures before the election to speed up the planning process to stop protesters from delaying their construction .
The new planning system would give parliament direct powers to approve new nuclear power stations .
Britain was the first country to set legally - binding targets to cut greenhouse gas emissions to help combat climate change and all the main parties are committed to weaning the country off fossil fuels .
Huhne , a former financial journalist , said Britain should massively increase its reliance on renewable energy , such as tidal , wave , solar and wind power .
It currently accounts for about 6 percent of the total .
“ We literally have an abundance of potential renewable energy and yet we have one of the worst records of any country in the European Union for generating electricity from renewables , ” he said , describing the renewable energy share as the former government ’s “ most scandalous legacy . ”
HDstarcraft Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 577 Posts Last Edited : 2010-09-09 08:14:39 #
1
UPDATE 9/9/2010
Making this announcement to clear up some of the issues that have been holding up HDH2 .
The main reason we are holding up this tournament is because we are in talks with Blizzard to confirm HDH2 and license it .
We are getting close to signing the license , and the entire tournament is ready to go once we have confirmation from Blizzard .
Thanks everybody for being patient .
We want to make sure our tournament is run with Blizzard 's approval , and that has been the reason for our delay .
-HD
UPDATE 8/24/2010
Confirmed MadFrog
Confirmed Cellawara
Confirmed NadaGast
HDH2 is currently full and ready to go .
We will be making the official announcement for HDH2 tomorrow !
UPDATE 8/20/2010
Confirmed oGsInca
Confirmed Check .
Primec
Can anybody contact MadFrog , and ask him to contact me asap ?
UPDATE 8/11/2010
The following players have been added and confirmed :
oGsCool
oGsEnsnare
oGsGon
oGssSKS ( aka Tester )
oGsTheStC
oGsTheWind
( Awaiting confirmation from Check .
Prime )
Maka has been dropped .
UPDATE 8/8/2010
We 're extending the deadline for signups , as we are currently still in talks with media & players , and not everything is quite yet finalized .
More updates to come soon
UPDATE 8/5/2010
5 new invitees announced !
Please contact me ASAP ( HDstarcraft@gmail.com or TL pm ) for further instructions in order to confirm !
KiwiKaki
Tarson
Madfrog
Moman
Louder
UPDATE 8/1/2010
IF YOU ARE AN INVITEE BUT YOUR NAME IS NOT BOLDED BELOW , YOU NEED TO CONTACT ME ASAP .
Deadline Moved Forward .
Confirmed Players Updated .
Orb has respectfully declined his invite .
We will be announcing the final invitees in the near future !
UPDATE 7/27/2010
The confirmation process for all invitees has begun .
Players in BOLD below are confirmed participants .
CONTACT ME ASAP IF YOU ARE ON THE LIST AND ARE NOT CONFIRMED !
* In order to confirm & accept your participation in HDH2 , please pm me via Teamliquid OR email me at HDstarcraft@gmail.com BY NO LATER THAN August 7th 11:59 PDT .
I will respond with additional instructions on how to register for this tournament .
*FAILURE to meet this deadline will result in you forfeiting your slot .
* YOU MUST HAVE A NORTH AMERICAN ACCOUNT TO PARTICIPATE IN HDH2
* Spamming my inbox because you were not invited will not result in an invitation !
Disclaimer *
This is a Pre -Thread for our next upcoming event , the HDH2 .
Nothing you see in this thread is final .
This thread is going to be used as a brainstorm session so we may evaluate where we stand organizationally , gauge players ' interest , and make necessary tweaks / changes to format .
Once the tournament goes live , we will create a new announcement thread with fancy graphics and hype videos .
When :
Sometime shortly after SC2 Launches Retail .
Where :
Bnet 2.0
PrizePool :
TBA
Sponsor :
TBA
Players ( 50/60 MAXIMUM ) :
( All players from HDH1 were re-invited to tour HDH2 . )
Players Seeded from HDH1
BOLD = Confirmed / Registered
Idra
Nony
TLO
WhiteRa
Players currently invited :
BOLD = Confirmed / Registered
Artosis
Axslav
Azz
Brat_ok
CauthonLuck
Catz
Cellawara
Check .
Prime
D'appolo
Day [ 9 ]
Demuslim
Dimaga
Drewbie
Gretorp
Hasuobs
Haypro
Huk
Incontrol
Jinro
KawaiiRice
KiwiKaki
Lalush
Legionairre
Louder
LucifroN
Lzgamer
Machine
MadFrog
Masq
Moman
MoonGlade
Morrow
Nadagast
Naniwa
Nazgul
Neans
oGsCool
oGsEnsnare
oGsGon
oGsInca
oGssSKS
oGsTheStC
oGsTheWind
Painuser
QxC
Ret
Sen
Sheth
Slush
Socke
Spor
Strelok
Tarson
Tasteless
TT1
Psy
As you guys can see , we still have slots open for 10 more players .
Please brainstorm in this thread and help us decide .
Thanks !
** If somebody could help me update this list with the proper races that would be much appreciated !
( I do n't know all these players main races 100 % )
Sometime shortly after SC2 Launches Retail .
Bnet 2.0TBATBA( All players from HDH1 were re-invited to tour HDH2 . )
As you guys can see , we still have slots open for 10 more players .
Please brainstorm in this thread and help us decide .
Thanks !** If somebody could help me update this list with the proper races that would be much appreciated !
( I do n't know all these players main races 100 % ) YouTube.com/HDstarcraft
Jaw Profile Blog Joined July 2008 United States 271 Posts # 2 can't wait hype hype hype
Dexy205 Profile Joined April 2010 United Kingdom 12 Posts # 3 WOW
That would be an awesome list if they all confirmed !
Ca n't Wait !
" Sir we 're surrounded . "
" Good we can attack in every direction ! ! "
Husky Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 3362 Posts # 4
Also ... IF YOU ARE IN THIS LIST CONTACT HD ASAP .
note : CAPS MEANS WE'RE SERIOUS !
Please note : WE ARE ASKING YOU TO SUGGEST WHO SHOULD FILL THE LAST 10 SPOTS !
Also ... IF YOU ARE IN THIS LIST CONTACT HD ASAP.note : + Show Spoiler + Commentaries : youtube.com/HuskyStarcraft
Shadon Profile Blog Joined July 2010 United Kingdom 9 Posts # 5 I think HD and Husky should play for poops nd giggles ;D I am Dave !
Yognaught and i have the balls !!!
elow Profile Joined January 2010 Spain 113 Posts # 6 Put Rigid in !
He is really good ... he defeated Masq the other day Chill : '' My children , please fucking stop making threads about how you are pissed that Brood War is dying and so on and so forth .
It 's getting tiring , and my old bones ache . ''
Licmyobelisk Profile Blog Joined August 2008 Philippines 3679 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-25 10:12:07 #
7
Also , tozar I guess .
Since he contributed the Ninja Build .
Stalife as well Nevemind : I forgot that it would take a few months before we can connect to NA :/ Also , tozar I guess .
Since he contributed the Ninja Build .
Stalife as well I do n't think I 've ever wished my opponent good luck prior to a game .
When I play , I play to win .
I hope every opponent I ever have is cursed with fucking terrible luck .
I hope they 're stuck playing underneath a stepladder with a black cat in attendance a
groms Profile Joined May 2010 Canada 1013 Posts # 8 Stalife & Laglovah seemed good I have a recurring dream that I 'm running away from a terran player but the marauders keep slowing me down .
- Artosis
MuTT Profile Joined July 2010 United States 398 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-25 10:14:42 #9
Get ogs ensnare he all killed Prime , look into upmagic 's skill so far and maybe kiwikaki .
Also take out orb , masq , spor , gretorp and azz cuz we all know they have 0 chance of winning
To to the people recommonded masq : beating IdrA in a ladder game does n't make a pro level , even i beat him and i saw tozar on his stream and once they look at his profile and see his builds its gg also invite MoMaN MC 's strength : confidence weakness : over confidence
Psyclon Profile Joined July 2010 Bulgaria 2443 Posts # 10 I would really like to see Psy and UnknownArt ( MadFrog ) !
Now I am become Death , the destroyer of worlds !
Piski Profile Blog Joined April 2010 Finland 3460 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-25 10:34:34 # 11
And NonY and Nazgul :D
Damn this is going to be great
Day [ 9 ] & Tasteless .
I love you guys !
And NonY and Nazgul :D
Damn this is going to be great Edit :
For suggestions well SangHo and UpMaGiC !
For suggestions welland
Telcontar Profile Joined May 2010 United Kingdom 16704 Posts # 12 UnknownArt from EU is a very good player ( former WC3 ) but im not sure if he plays tournaments or not .
Ace is a very good chinese player and i think he deserves a shot .
overall a very strong list but you could do with a few more koreans .
Ensnare
DayFly
Zenio
TheWind
Check
...etc
while i have respect for all the names on there , having more koreans can only boost the quality of the tournament and also spread your names to the korean scene .
Et Eärello Endorenna utúlien .
Sinome maruvan ar Hildinyar tenn ' Ambar- metta .
yoshi_yoshi Profile Joined January 2010 United States 439 Posts # 13 Whoooaaaaa .
So if there are 60 players , that means the 4 seeded players are only seeded into ro32 ?
Idea for remaining players : set a cut off date , and look at global ladder ( there WILL be a global ladder compiled by someone ) .
Go down the list and invite players who are n't already invited .
This way you can reward ladderers ( something that rarely happens ) , and be very flexible with the number of your remaining slots .
Skee Profile Joined March 2010 Canada 702 Posts # 14 I suggest Attero .
sas01 Profile Joined February 2010 Canada 300 Posts # 15
How about Response , a great toss player
and msv , terran player who beat qxc once !
boesthius Profile Blog Joined February 2008 United States 10922 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-25 10:29:41 # 16
Masq definitely deserves to be there , the games i played against him were really good ; and he 's a top level player for sure .
I 'm not sure so why CM is in this though ..
Try and grab some more of the korean players if possible - e.g. Sangho .
Moderator mrhoon is a fuck
Goobus Profile Joined May 2010 Hong Kong 587 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-25 12:11:52 # 17
Definitely invite MoMaN !
One of the most solid Zergs out there .
Also agree with oGs Ensnare .
His all kill against Prime was amazing to watch .
EDIT : PsyStarcraft is also amazing .
Very charismatic player , absolutely fearless .
Husky Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 3362 Posts # 18 On July 25 2010 19:27 yoshi_yoshi wrote :
Whoooaaaaa .
So if there are 60 players , that means the 4 seeded players are only seeded into ro32 ?
Idea for remaining players : set a cut off date , and look at global ladder ( there WILL be a global ladder compiled by someone ) .
Go down the list and invite players who are n't already invited .
This way you can reward ladderers ( something that rarely happens ) , and be very flexible with the number of your remaining slots .
Yup , they are seeded into the round of 32 .
HDH1 wasnt exactly the hardest thing to get top 4 in all things considered .
HDH3 will probably have better seedings Yup , they are seeded into the round of 32 .
HDH1 wasnt exactly the hardest thing to get top 4 in all things considered .
HDH3 will probably have better seedings Commentaries : youtube.com/HuskyStarcraft
CrudeClown Profile Joined May 2010 Germany 8 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-25 10:34:57 # 19 please .
PsyStarcraftplease .
KingRajesh Profile Joined July 2010 United States 927 Posts # 20 PsyStarcraft needs an invite for HDH # 2 .
He 's a great zerg player and always brings the ULTRASSSSSSSS .
" Zerg are the absolute worst thing that can happen to your day " - Dustin Browder
1 2 3 4 5 107 108 109 Next
Video : Easy animation
Looks like hard work ( Image : Xiaolin Wei and Jinxiang / ACM Siggraph )
LOOK away Pixar .
There ’s no need for expensive animation systems to bring characters to life in 3D .
You can do it with your own video footage and some software .
Developed by Xiaolin Wei and Jinxiang Chai of Texas A&M University in College Station , the software tracks humans appearing in video footage , and creates 3D models of them .
To achieve this for , say , a video sequence of a weightlifter , the animator marks the position of the person ’s joints and the directions in which their limbs are pointing , along with points of contact with the weights bar , in several key frames of the sequence .
Using this information , an algorithm estimates the person ’s size and creates a 3D reconstruction for each pose that was annotated .
Advertisement
To make the model move smoothly and naturally , other algorithms track the movements of joints from pose to pose calculating how each one must have moved between those frames .
This is used to generate an animated 3D figure which can be viewed from multiple angles .
The software can animate a variety of actions , such as walking , jumping , and even complicated acrobatics .
“ The software can animate a variety of actions , such as walking , jumping and complicated acrobatics ”
The system could be incorporated into animation software packages and would be useful for amateurs and professionals alike , says Wei .
The researchers will present their work at the computer graphics conference Siggraph in Los Angeles later this month .
Analyst estimates for " clean " profits of $ 5bn in the second quarter of the year , stripping out the effect of inventory changes , are likely to rile BP 's critics angry about the oil spill .
However , the company will take a hit when costs related to the disaster are taken into account .
That could lead BP to record a pre-tax loss of up to $ 25bn , according to an estimate by Jason Kenney , oil analyst at ING .
July 2010
When we sold our startup in 1998 I suddenly got a lot of money .
I now had to think about something I had n't had to think about before : how not to lose it .
I knew it was possible to go from rich to poor , just as it was possible to go from poor to rich .
But while I 'd spent a lot of the past several years studying the paths from poor to rich , I knew practically nothing about the paths from rich to poor .
Now , in order to avoid them , I had to learn where they were .
So I started to pay attention to how fortunes are lost .
If you 'd asked me as a kid how rich people became poor , I 'd have said by spending all their money .
That 's how it happens in books and movies , because that 's the colorful way to do it .
But in fact the way most fortunes are lost is not through excessive expenditure , but through bad investments .
It 's hard to spend a fortune without noticing .
Someone with ordinary tastes would find it hard to blow through more than a few tens of thousands of dollars without thinking " wow , I 'm spending a lot of money . "
Whereas if you start trading derivatives , you can lose a million dollars ( as much as you want , really ) in the blink of an eye .
In most people 's minds , spending money on luxuries sets off alarms that making investments does n't .
Luxuries seem self - indulgent .
And unless you got the money by inheriting it or winning a lottery , you 've already been thoroughly trained that self - indulgence leads to trouble .
Investing bypasses those alarms .
You 're not spending the money ; you 're just moving it from one asset to another .
Which is why people trying to sell you expensive things say " it 's an investment . "
The solution is to develop new alarms .
This can be a tricky business , because while the alarms that prevent you from overspending are so basic that they may even be in our DNA , the ones that prevent you from making bad investments have to be learned , and are sometimes fairly counterintuitive .
A few days ago I realized something surprising : the situation with time is much the same as with money .
The most dangerous way to lose time is not to spend it having fun , but to spend it doing fake work .
When you spend time having fun , you know you 're being self - indulgent .
Alarms start to go off fairly quickly .
If I woke up one morning and sat down on the sofa and watched TV all day , I 'd feel like something was terribly wrong .
Just thinking about it makes me wince .
I 'd start to feel uncomfortable after sitting on a sofa watching TV for 2 hours , let alone a whole day .
And yet I 've definitely had days when I might as well have sat in front of a TV all day — days at the end of which , if I asked myself what I got done that day , the answer would have been : basically , nothing .
I feel bad after these days too , but nothing like as bad as I 'd feel if I spent the whole day on the sofa watching TV .
If I spent a whole day watching TV I 'd feel like I was descending into perdition .
But the same alarms do n't go off on the days when I get nothing done , because I 'm doing stuff that seems , superficially , like real work .
Dealing with email , for example .
You do it sitting at a desk .
It 's not fun .
So it must be work .
With time , as with money , avoiding pleasure is no longer enough to protect you .
It probably was enough to protect hunter - gatherers , and perhaps all pre-industrial societies .
So nature and nurture combine to make us avoid self - indulgence .
But the world has gotten more complicated : the most dangerous traps now are new behaviors that bypass our alarms about self - indulgence by mimicking more virtuous types .
And the worst thing is , they 're not even fun .
Thanks to Sam Altman , Trevor Blackwell , Patrick Collison , Jessica Livingston , and Robert Morris for reading drafts of this .
Ahoy , social sailors !
Hop aboard for another round of Internet catch up , courtesy of the good ship Mashable .
The resource buffet is open 24/7 for your perusing pleasure .
This week , we have a look at how far social media 's come over the last five years , a slew of juicy factoids about Facebook and Microsoft , some sweet iPad games we dare you not to drool over , and some great biz lessons from the most successful tech startups of our day .
Heading further out into open web waters ?
Do n't forget that this resource mondo - guide bubbles up every weekend — a real life preserver , if we do say so ourselves .
Social Media
For more social media news and resources , you can follow Mashable 's social media channel on Twitter and become a fan on Facebook .
Tech & Mobile
For more tech news and resources , you can follow Mashable 's tech channel on Twitter and become a fan on Facebook .
Business
For more business news and resources , you can follow Mashable 's business channel on Twitter and become a fan on Facebook .
Bob Ford — “ the Dirty Little Coward ” — lives in infamy for shooting Jesse James in the back .
So does “ the Coward Jack McCall ” for gunning down Wild Bill Hickok from behind .
Back - shooters were among the worst villains in the cowboy movies of my youth .
We scorned them as “ yellow - bellies . ”
Cyberspace abounds with Bob Fords and Jack McCalls .
They ’re folks who hide behind pseudonyms to defame , declaim , and disdain .
Like newspaper opinion pages , blogsites feature by - lined opinion writers , often with the scribe ’s picture .
But almost all reader responses are anonymous .
So naysayers can hide at their computer keyboards and snipe away like Wild West back - shooters .
The cyber - bushwhackers are safe in the knowledge that nobody knows who they are .
My guess is a lot of them would n’t write what they write if they had to sign it .
Oh , I forgot .
If they signed their comments , President Obama could find out who they are and send black helicopters to haul them off to one of his super - secret “ New World Order ” FEMA concentration camps .
Seriously , I do n’t know why anybody would n’t want to sign what he or she writes .
I spent more than a dozen years as a daily newspaper feature writer and columnist .
Maybe it ’s just ego .
But I wanted my name — and mug — on everything I wrote .
To be sure , bylines beget responsibility .
You ’ve got to marshal good arguments in a signed opinion column .
Otherwise , readers will take you to task for a poorly - written piece – and rightly so .
On the other hand , pen-names often beget bunk .
You can say almost anything , no matter how false or absurd .
Anonymity can be a license to lie .
Do n’t get me wrong , getting slammed goes with opinion writing , whether for a newspaper or on the Internet .
If blogsites permit — even welcome — anonymous comments , so be it .
I play by the rules , even if I do n’t make them .
At the same time , the famous French philosopher Voltaire may not have actually written , “ I disagree with what you say , but I will defend to the death your right to say it . ”
But the sentiment was his and mine .
And I would add “ … your right to say it anonymously . ”
Many people disagree with what I write on blogsites .
Readers often took exception to what I wrote in the newspaper , too .
They did n’t pull punches , either .
A newspaper requires people to sign letters - to - the - editor , otherwise the letters wo n’t get published .
So I always gave my critics the courage of their convictions , at least .
They knew their names would be in the paper , too .
I ’ve been out of the newsroom for 21 years .
So I guess it ’s okay to reveal a trade secret : pundits love getting poison pen letters ( through the mail or cyberspace ) .
Opinion writers treasure hate mail as much as–or more than–they relish fan mail .
Hate mail lets us know we ’re rattling cages .
“ Half the fun is making them jump , ” Clarence Darrow , the famous liberal activist lawyer supposedly said .
Oh , the anonymous bloggers may think they are rattling our cages with their unsigned screeds .
But they have zero credibility with almost all opinion writers .
Anyway , I ’d like to see somebody compile the nuttiest , most paranoid comments from the Internet back - shooters into a book .
“ Profiles in Cowardice ” would be a great title .
It would be a weighty tome , indeed .
Berry Craig
A federal judge on Friday drastically trimmed a $ 675,000 verdict against a Boston University graduate student who was found liable for illegally downloading and sharing 30 songs online , saying the jury damage award against a person who gained no financial benefit from his copyright infringement is “ unconstitutionally excessive . ”
Joel Tenenbaum , from Providence , R.I. , was sued by some of the largest music companies who said he violated copyright rules .
He admitted in court to downloading songs between 1999 and 2007 .
The jury found him liable and assessed the damage award last July .
His lawyers appealed , calling the award “ severe ” and “ oppressive ” and asking the court for a new trial or reduced damages .
Judge Nancy Gertner on Friday cut the damage award to $ 67,500 — three times the statutory minimum — and said the new the amount “ not only adequately compensates the plaintiffs for the relatively minor harm that Tenenbaum caused them ; it sends a strong message that those who exploit peer - to - peer networks to unlawfully download and distribute copyrighted works run the risk of incurring substantial damages awards . ”
Gertner also denied Tenenbaum ’s request for a new trial .
“ There is no question that this reduced award is still severe , even harsh , ” Gertner said , noting that the law used by the jury to penalize Tenenbaum did not offer any meaningful guidance on the question of what amount of damages was appropriate .
“ Significantly , this amount is more than I might have awarded in my independent judgment , ” Gertner said .
“ But the task of determining the appropriate damages award in this case fell to the jury , not the Court . ”
Gertner warned that the fact that she reduced the award does not mean that Tenenbaum ’s actions are condoned or that wholesale file - sharing in comparable circumstances is lawful .
Still , Tenenbaum said he was happy the court recognized that the jury award was unconstitutional and trimmed it to about $ 2,250 per song , but he said he also cannot afford paying the reduced damages .
“ I still do n’t have $ 70,000 — and $ 2,000 per song still seems ridiculous in light of the fact that you can buy them for 99 cents on iTunes , ” Tenenbaum said .
“ I mean $ 675,000 was also absurd . ”
But the Recording Industry Association of America was not sympathetic , saying that the group will appeal the court ruling .
“ With this decision , the court has substituted its judgment for that of 10 jurors as well as Congress , ” RIAA said in a statement .
“ For nearly a week , a federal jury carefully considered the issues involved in this case , including the profound harm suffered by the music community precisely because of the activity that the defendant admitted engaging in , ” according to the RIAA statement .
Gertner also said that her decision to trim the punitive damage award is in line with previous court decisions to curb excessive jury awards that targeted businesses .
“ For many years , businesses complained that punitive damages imposed by juries were out of control , were unpredictable , and imposed crippling financial costs on companies , ” Gertner said .
“ In a number of cases , the federal courts have sided with these businesses , ruling that excessive punitive damages awards violated the companies ’ right to due process of law . ”
“ These decisions have underscored the fact that the constitution protects not only criminal defendants from the imposition of ‘ cruel and unusual punishments , ’ but also civil defendants facing arbitrarily high punitive awards , ” Gertner said .
Gertner ’s decision comes more than five months after a federal judge in Minneapolis also drastically reduced a nearly $ 2 million verdict against a woman found liable last year of sharing 24 songs over the Internet , calling the jury ’s penalty “ monstrous and shocking . ”
U.S. District Judge Michael Davis also reduced the $ 1.92 million penalty a jury imposed against Jammie Thomas - Rasset to $ 2,250 per song , or about $ 54,000 .
Editors ' Recommendations
Harmonized Sales Tax ( HST ) has been introduced in Canada on July 1 , 2010 – exactly the date when people across the country celebrate Canada day .
The “ celebration ” started on June 30 evening commute with very long lines of cars at gas stations trying to save 8 % off the gas price which run up by 8 % up to $ 1.04 / liter on July 1 due to tax reform in Canada .
It was really a mess at gas stations on that day , adjacent roads and driveways were blocked by “ lines ” of vehicles …
HST is supposed to combine Goods and Services Tax ( GST = 5 % ) and Provincial Sales Tax ( PST = 8 % ) into one singe sales tax = 13 % .
But there is still list of exceptions from PST portion of HST .
However this list is very small , customers should know about this and carefully check their receipts especially during the first weeks after transition .
On July 2 I was looking for infant car seat by browsing through online stores .
When satisfied by quality , price , and delivery option on sears .
ca website , I proceeded to checkout and was extremely surprised .
The price of the car seat was taxable with 13 % HST !!!
Here is a screenshot :
Car seats for children are always an exemption from PST , and used to be taxed only with GST=5 % .
After July 1 it is supposed to be an exemption from PST portion of HST as well , that is sales tax must be 5 % as before on car seats , not 13 % as sears .ca offers .
It is ridiculous …
Then I ’ve checked another online sore – toysrus.ca .
And what you think ??
The same !
Car seat is overcharged by 8 % as well as on sears .
ca website .
Here is the screenshot ( please click on the picture to enlarge ) :
In order to confirm I went through official documents on Canada Revenue Agency website ( www.rev.gov.on.ca ) .
Here is an excerpt from the document :
Consumers will not be required to pay the Ontario component of the HST ( 8 per cent ) on goods that qualify for the point - of - sale rebates .
The qualifying goods are : Children ’s car seats and car booster seats that are restraint systems or booster cushions that conform with Transport Canada ’s safety requirements for Standards 213 , 213.1 , 213.2 and 213.5 as described under the Motor Vehicle Safety
Act excluding children ’s car seats and car booster seats that do not meet Transport Canada safety standards and travel systems that are a combination stroller carrier and car seat sold in a single package
It is hard to believe that so big companies as Sears and Toysrus specializing in retail for many years did not carefully prepare for tax transition , taking into account that all the documents have been provided by the government while in advance before July 1 .
Given facts can mean only two things :
Sears and Toysrus offer car seats that do NOT meet Transport Canada safety standards ( only in this case they can charge additional 8 % PST portion ) .
It sounds unbelievable , because both of retailers state that all car seats do meet safety standards
Sears and Toysrus online stores make use of customers trustfulness to the “ respectful ” retail stores with knows names , and overcharge 8 % on some goods
This is very frustrating situation .
Customers should rely on retailers who must obey all the applicable trading laws , and not spend valuable time to make sure that all the laws are obeyed during the final bill preparation .
Is this what we pay taxes for ??!
Please spend some time on reviewing your bills and receipts during the first weeks / months after transition .
Please go ahead with any questions , concerns or suggestions in comments or contact form regarding the new HST law .
We will try our best to give relevant information .
The increased security levels in London mean that London Underground
are extremely unlikely to grant visits to their disused stations .
For those who have wondered what those old stations look like ,
hopefully the following photos will be of interest .
All photos © 2000 - 2020 .
Reproduction prohibited .
BAKERLOO LINE Trafalgar Square Deep level
JUBILEE LINE Charing Cross Deep level
EAST LONDON LINE New Cross depot Surface Shoreditch Surface
DISUSED LONDON OVERGROUND LINES
DISUSED LONDON OVERGROUND STATIONS
OTHER ABANDONED STATIONS NOT FEATURED
Earls Court 1871 - 1878 Hounslow Town 1883 - 1909 Hillingdon 1923 - 1992 New Cross 1876 - 1886 Preston Road For Uxendon 1908 - 1932 Uxbridge 1904 - 1938 Northfields & Little Ealing 1908 - 1932
To download Transport for London 's map of the current tube & rail system in London , click here
For a brilliant and geographically correct ( French ) online map of the tube and tube related lines in London , including the disused stations , click here
A word about this site :
It was originally just a means of doing something constructive with a box of old tube photos re-discovered during a clean out .
However , far from being the ' create and leave alone ' website envisaged , it has actually become quite organic ; there are an increasing number of ( very welcome ) third party contributions being submitted and added to it - these are clearly labelled and accredited .
Contributors to this site are listed here .
As there is a high level of photographic content on this site , flashy graphics have been eschewed in favour of allowing faster loading of the webpages .
Some people have reported problems viewing some of the pages and / or photos .
In such cases , please try the mirror site instead .
Most of the factual details were verified or obtained from the following excellent books :
J.E. CONNOR - Abandoned Stations on London's Underground ( ISBN 0-947-69930-9 )
J.E. CONNOR - London 's Disused Underground Stations ( ISBN 0-947-69929-5 )
NIGEL WELBOURN - Lost Lines : London ( ISBN 0-7710-2623-8 )
They and many other books of historical interest are available from the bookshop at the London Transport Museum in Covent Garden , which should be the first port of call for anyone wanting further information about London 's abandoned stations .
Other books used for research :
H.G. Follenfant : Reconstructing London 's Underground ( London Transport , 1975 )
Edwin Course : London Railways ( B.T. Batsford Ltd , London 1962 )
Please note that neither the webmaster , nor anyone else connected with this site , are in the position to organise tours of any of the stations or lines featured here .
For requests to visit London Underground property , see this link .
Those interested in man-made subterranean structures in general are well advised to consider becoming a member of Subterranea Britannica .
Feel free to email if you have comments , would like to donate some suitable photos , point out any inaccuracies ,
report any dead links , suggest any links , or would just like to say hello :
to invoke your emailer
L
INKS
R
ECENT
U
PDATES
T
O
T
HIS
S
ITE
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Researchers have found a pattern of genes that predicts with more accuracy than ever before who might live to be 100 or older -- even if they have other genes linked with disease .
An Afghan watchman smiles at the camera as he sits outside a shop at a market in Kabul May 26 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Ahmad Masood
Their findings , published in Friday ’s issue of the journal Science , offer the tantalizing possibility of predicting who might hope for a longer life .
They also cast doubt on the accuracy of tests being marketed now that offer to predict a person ’s risk of chronic diseases such as Alzheimer’s .
Several teams of researchers have identified gene patterns linked with extreme old age .
But the researchers led by Paola Sebastiani and Dr. Thomas Perls at Boston University say theirs provides the best accuracy yet .
They studied more than 1,000 people who lived to be 100 or more and matched them to 1,200 other people to identify the genetic patterns more common in the 100 - year - olds using an approach called a genome - wide association study
To their surprise , the longest - lived people had many of the same genes linked with diseases as everyone else .
Their old - age genes appeared to cancel out the effects of the disease genes .
“ A lot of people might ask , ‘ well who would want to live to 100 because they think they have every age - related disease under the sun and are on death ’s doorstep , and certainly have Alzheimer ’s ’ , but this is n’t true , ” Perls told reporters in a telephone briefing .
“ We have noted in previous work that 90 percent of centenarians are disability - free at the average age of 93 .
We had long hypothesized that to get to 100 you have to have a relative lack of disease - associated variants .
But in this case , we ’re finding that not to be the case . ”
NO FREE PASSES
They identified 19 patterns among about 150 genes and said these patterns predicted with 77 percent accuracy who would be in the extreme old - age group .
“ Some signatures correlate with the longest survival , other signatures correlate with the most delayed age of onset of age - related diseases such as dementia or cardiovascular disease or hypertension , ” Sebastiani said .
The researchers stressed that having these genes is unlikely to give a person a free pass to smoke , drink and overeat .
Sebastiani said Seventh Day Adventists have an average life expectancy of 88 , eight years more than their average U.S. contemporaries .
“ They get there by virtue of the fact that they have a religion that asks them to be vegetarian , they regularly exercise , they do n’t drink alcohol , they tend to manage their stress well through religion and time with family and they do n’t smoke , ” she said .
“ It really does speak to the incredible importance of lifestyle factors . ”
The Boston researchers said they do not plan to market a test for the long - life genes and are working to design a free website where people who have had their DNA sequenced can check and see if they have any of them .
“ The methodology that we developed can be applied to other complex genetic traits , including Alzheimer ’s disease , Parkinson ’s , cardiovascular disease and diabetes , ” Sebastiani said .
Currently about 1 in 6,000 people live to be 100 and 1 in 7 million makes it to 110 .
The researchers said beliefs that certain populations in places such as Russia or Azerbaijan are more likely to have centenarians have been shown to be untrue .
Perls said he does not see the findings leading to youth elixirs , but hopes they may be used to help delay the start of age - related diseases like Alzheimer’s .
Hardees , Carl ’s Jr. Tip the Scales with Foot - Long Hamburger
The bigger the better they say , and the latest offering from Hardee ’s and sister company Carl ’s Jr. caters to those who hunger for more .
The most recent fad - laden feast to be branded by a fast - food chain is the foot - long hamburger .
The sandwich packs a savory 71 calories per inch ( a bona fide diet item on some fast - food menus ) and consists of 20 grams of saturated fat .
The inventors have packed three beef patties and three slices of cheese into their masterpiece , and it ’s available to test at 50 stores each in Southern California and Indiana – all for just $ 4.50 with lettuce and tomato or $ 4.00 without .
Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Jr. cater to the 18 - 24 male audience , and that particular demographic apparently has the stomach and wherewithal to tackle this latest caloric beast .
As one Hardee ’s spokesperson put it , fans of Hardee ’s are n’t big fans of carrot sticks and lettuce wedges .
Asking for a fork at Hardee ’s might set off a staff - wide panic attack .
Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Jr. are well - known for providing customers with products that increase pant sizes rather efficiently .
In fact , The Daily Beast described some items on their menus as caloric A - bombs .
These include the Monster Thickburger ( 1,320 calories ) , the Double Bacon Cheese Thickburger ( 1,200 calories ) and the Double Thickburger ( 1,150 calories ) .
And that does n’t include the healthy portion of fries – a true oxymoron – that comes with the combo .
If the 100 establishments that sell these foot longs find enough willing customers , Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Jr. promise their patrons from across the country that they too will be able to delve into 12 inches of meat .
Hardee ’s and Carl ’s Jr. have obviously paid attention to the success of Subway ’s $ 5 foot long campaign , and they ’ve decided to do their own , unique version .
The battle of $ 5 foot longs is a hotly contested one , as Sonic and Quizno ’s have rolled out their own versions , with plans for new menu additions .
Quizno ’s promises a prime - rib foot long in the near future and Subway is even expanding its 12 - inch options with an upcoming spicy line of sandwiches .
If you ca n’t wait until lunchtime , there ’s always the opportunity to take advantage of Subway ’s foot - long steak - and - cheese omelets .
It seems fairly obvious that the current fast - food market easily permits a poor , hungered soul to peruse a cornucopia of extended - size sandwiches and pile up a hefty total of 36 or 48 inches of culinary satisfaction any given day of the week .
Without supersizing a single thing .
This post is also available in : Russian
0. Installation
Download dataflow -0.3.0.zip archive Unpack it anywhere ( c:/temp , for example )
1.Configuration
Rename dataflow.cfg.example to dataflow.cfg
If the tool is unpacked to a directory other than c:/temp , change the path in dataflow.cfg
2.Start
Launch DataflowManager.exe binary .
Smile icon should appear in the tray .
Open cmd.exe .
Go to c:/temp ( or another installation directory )
cd c:/temp
c :
Start example program analysis ( FunctionsTest.exe ) .
Dataflow.exe FunctionsTest.exe
FunctionsTest.exe binary is compiled by cl from source code listed below :
#include ; #include " stdafx.h " int foo5 ( void ) { printf ( " foo5
" ) ; return 0 ; } int foo6 ( void ) { printf ( " foo6
" ) ; return 0 ; } int foo4 ( void ) { printf ( " foo4
" ) ; return 0 ; } int foo3 ( void ) { printf ( " foo3
" ) ; foo6 ( ) ; return 0 ; } int foo2 ( void ) { printf ( " foo2
" ) ; foo4 ( ) ; foo5 ( ) ; return 0 ; } int foo1 ( void ) { printf ( " foo1
" ) ; foo2 ( ) ; foo3 ( ) ; return 0 ; } int main ( int argc , char* argv[ ] ) { printf ( " main
" ) ; foo1 ( ) ; getchar ( ) ; return 0 ; }
After start the utility stops on getchar ( ) operator
Program is still running .
Utility analysis data can be requested using control utility .
Debug information should appear in tool console .
Two matrixes are dumped : reachability and connectivity matrixes .
FunctionsTest.exe static and dynamic analysis data is stored in FunctionsTest.exe [ time date ] ( PID ) disk directory .
Analysis data can be requested any time .
Data is stored in a separate directory with name containing request number .
Each directory contains two files .
Functionstest.exe_boundle.gdl file contains analyzed binaries information : executable modules , function call graphs , function CFG , code coverage data .
Functionstest.exe_fuzzing.gdl file contains functions rating related to fuzzing .
Let ’s explore functionstest.exe_boundle.gdl file in detail .
The file contains description in GDL language format .
It can be opened by aiSee ( www.aiSee.com).
Let ’s open functionstest.exe_boundle.gdl file with aiSee utility ( it is useful to associate .gdl extension with aiSee ) .
The higher level information is displayed .
Choose block and press “ I ” key .
Module information is displayed .
Module code size – number of program code bytes ( only modules from dataflow.cfg are taken into account ) .
The value calculated as module ’s executable sections size sum .
Reached code size – code bytes amount achieved during static analysis ( by functions calls ) .
Only modules form dataflow.cfg are taken in account .
Covered code size – code bytes amount that were executed during dynamic analysis .
Only modules form dataflow.cfg are taken in account .
Unfold Program:functionstest.exe block to get more detailed information .
Choose block and press “ b ” key .
( Unfold ) .
The scheme changed to module level visualization .
Four modules have been loaded during program execution : msvcr100.dll , kernel32.dll , ntdll.dll , functionstest.exe .
File path checksums were added to modules names to prevent name collisions .
Zoomed graph parts are shown below .
Analyzed modules ( whitch were listed in dataflow.cfg ) are highlighted with yellow .
Only functionstest .exe module interests us .
Other modules have not been analyzed and are marked with gray .
Choose module block and press “ I ” to get module information .
Module information is given : full image path , base address , executable code statistic .
Felds have same meaning as in program descripting .
Fields values for module are the same because only one module was analyzed .
Reached code size and Covered code size fields are absent for modules which were not analyzed ( filled with grey color ) .
The next detail level is module ’s functions .
Choose functionstest .exe module block and press “ X ” key ( Exclusive subgraph ) .
Then press “ M ” key ( Fit to Window ) .
Now module call graph is shown .
Let ’s explore picture parts .
Central part contains EntryPoint function – module entry point .
Right graph part contains program ’s initialization code functions .
Finally , left part contains functions from source code listed above .
Functions that were executed are highlighted with yellow .
Functions that were not executed are colored with white .
Next detail level – function code .
Choose functionstest.exe!sub_16E9 block and press “ b ” key ( unfold to box ) .
Function code blocks are shown .
We chose functionstest.exe!sub_16E9 automatically generated function because it contains many code blocks and gives good illustration .
Functions from source code are more trivial .
Thus , we can explore any program parts moving through detail levels .
The following keys are used :
” b ” – unfold to block
“ f ” – fold block
“ x ” – exclusive subgraph
“ Shift +X ” – fold subgraph
Finally , let ’s see the whole unfolded program graph .
Let ’sexplore functionstest.exe_fuzzing.gdl file in details .
File contains information useful for fuzzing entry point choosing .
Open file in aiSee .
Program detail level is shown .
Nothing changed from this detail level from functionstest.exe_fuzzing.gdl .
Modules detail level is the same too .
Changes appear in functions detail level .
Functions rating related to fuzzing shown here instead functions call graph .
Functions are sorted by rating increase from left to right .
Function is more rated if more functions can be reached from it .
Three most rated functionstest .
exe module functions are shown below .
Module code size , Reached code size and Covered code fields relate to function ’s module .
They are shown to compare them with fuzzing potential reached code size .
Fuzzing potential reached code size field indicates maximum code amount that can be covered during fuzzing from this function .
Graphical view is also available for reached code .
Choose functionstest.exe !
EntryPoint function in rating and press “ b ” button .
Functions calls graph are shown .
It looks like functions calls graph from functionstest.exe_boundle.gdl .
Borders of functions that can be covered from the selected point are colored by red .
All borders in graph are red because module ’s entry function is selected ( functionstest.exe!EntryPoint ) .
Functions from source code listed above and auto generated code can be covered from this point .
Let ’s shift to less rated function ( functionstest.exe!sub_10A0 ) .
Fewer functions from graph can be reached from this point , but automatic generated code is excluded .
All functions form source code listed above can be reached .
Red Haired Irishmen have it hard enough without the Dutch getting in the way ..
Dave McCarthy qualified in the heats of the 800 m in the European Championships despite the best efforts of the Netherlands ’ Robert Lathouwers who was later disqualified .
[ youtube ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeFIsqhQBCs[/youtube]
Advertisement
We Don't like to incite abuse , but nonetheless here 's Robert 's website
Last week there were reports that Ecclestone wants to axe the Monaco Grand Prix from the Formula 1 World Championship .
This is not a credible suggestion , although one can see how it has happened as Ecclestone clearly wants there to be discussion about the race , and is manipulating media who think themselves members of his inner circle and believe every word he says .
Monaco is one of the cornerstones of the Formula 1 brand .
It is the very essence of the glamour of the sport and cannot be replaced by flashy white elephants in distant corners of the world .
The suggestion that Monaco should be dropped from the World Championship suggests that he is probably in negotiation for a new contract with the Automobile Club de Monaco ( ACM ) and wants to increase the fees paid by the Monegasques .
At the same time there are probably other sub-texts that should be taken into account : particularly with the upcoming negotiations for a new Concorde Agreement now not far ahead .
Monaco is not particularly popular with the teams , in terms of the working environment and facilities , but it is part of the DNA of F1 and is likely to side with FOTA .
The teams understand that it would be suicidal for F1 to remove Monaco from the calendar , just as it would be dangerous not to have Ferrari in the sport .
At the same time there is no question that he wants to generate more money for CVC Capital Partners and Monaco is the lowest paying race .
The teams will not go above 20 races , so the only real option to increase revenues from race fees is to push up the price for the contracts each time they are renegotiated .
The ACM does what is best for the ACM and , as we have seen in the world of rallying , the club is not afraid to go against the grain if it does not like the terms of the deal on offer .
The World Rally Championship struggles for credibility these days because it does not include the Monte Carlo Rally .
Formula 1 would be wise not to go down the same route .
Bernie knows all of this very well , but sees no harm in trying to weaken the foundations of Monaco ’s power .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel razed an inhabited Palestinian home in East Jerusalem on Tuesday for the first time in eight months , effectively ending an unofficial demolition freeze imposed under U.S. pressure to revive peace talks .
A Palestinian boy stands near the ruins of a home that was razed in East Jerusalem 's Beit Hanina neighbourhood July 13 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Baz Ratner
A Reuters photographer witnessed a Palestinian family removing its belongings from the house in East Jerusalem ’s Beit Hanina neighborhood before an Israeli excavator tore into the dwelling .
Israel ’s Jerusalem municipality said the home , owned by the Rajabi family of seven , was built without a city permit .
The demolition seemed certain to draw a new wave of international criticism of Israeli policy toward Palestinians in East Jerusalem , an area captured in a 1967 war and annexed by Israel in a move that has not won world recognition .
The home was razed a week after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu held talks with U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington to patch up relations strained by Israeli settlement policy in East Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank .
“ They can build hundreds of settlements but I ’m not entitled to live in a shack ? ” said Linda al - Rajabi outside the demolished dwelling she shared with her husband and their five children .
In Washington , Netanyahu promised Obama “ concrete steps ” -- confidence - building measures -- within weeks to try to coax the Palestinians back into direct peace negotiations .
Indirect talks began under U.S. mediation in May .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Commenting on the demolition , Yasser Abed Rabbo , chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organisation ’s Executive Committee , said the United States had promised “ it would prevent any provocative measures in Jerusalem . ”
Palestinians now wanted to know , he said , just “ how the Americans will act ... because things have started to escalate after Netanyahu ’s visit to Washington . ”
The United States , which is sending its Middle East mediator George Mitchell back to the region later in the week , had publicly urged Israel not to demolish Palestinian homes built without permits .
Palestinians , who want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , say it is impossible to obtain construction approval from Israeli authorities .
UNOFFICIAL FREEZE
Israel had refrained from implementing demolition orders since November in Jerusalem , a holy city at the heart of the Israeli - Arab conflict , after U.S. pressure not to take action that could jeopardize peace efforts .
But earlier on Tuesday , Israel razed two unfinished Palestinian homes and part of a factory in East Jerusalem .
Dozens of armed border police guarded an excavator as it tore apart the foundations of the cement structures in the Issawiya section of East Jerusalem .
Activists with the Israeli Committee against House Demolitions , a European - funded group that monitors the issue , said nobody lived in the buildings which were still under construction .
Netanyahu intervened several months ago to postpone city plans to demolish about 20 homes in another part of East Jerusalem , where the Israeli municipality is planning a new housing project that has raised international concern .
The United States has begun withdrawing troops from Iraq ahead of a major August pullout .
A contingent left July 13 , cutting short their normal 12 - month tour of duty .
The August withdrawal is billed as ending the U.S. combat mission in Iraq , fulfilling a vow President Obama made shortly after taking office last year .
Yet some 50,000 “ noncombat ” troops will remain , along with thousands of private contractors and other U.S. personnel .
It remains to be seen what the impact will be on Iraq , and whether all U.S. troops will really leave by 2011 as specified in the agreement signed by President George W. Bush and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki in the Bush administration ’s final days .
The number of U.S. troops in Iraq is already down to around 75,000 from a peak of about 170,000 during the 2007 “ surge . ”
Under the status of forces agreement signed in December 2008 , the U.S. agreed to pull out of Iraqi towns and cities by June 30 , 2009 , and remove all troops by Dec. 31 , 2011 .
U.S. troops did withdraw from Iraqi cities last June , moving to massive bases nearby .
However they continued to conduct joint operations with the Iraqi army , officially at the Iraqis ’ request .
Violence continues , with suicide bombings in Baghdad on Sunday killing at least 43 Sunni “ Awakening Council ” members waiting to collect their government paychecks .
Yet attacks are down overall , according to a variety of sources .
U.S. officials are taking pains to insist that next month ’s withdrawal will proceed as planned .
The U.S. pullout “ will not in any way affect the physical stability of Iraq , ” Vice President Joe Biden told ABC News shortly after the Sunday bombings .
Earlier this month , the top U.S. commander in Iraq , Gen. Ray Odierno , suggested that UN peacekeeping forces could be brought in to northern Iraq when U.S. forces leave , to help the Iraqi government curb violence in Mosul and other areas disputed between Kurds and Arabs .
Odierno said a UN force would benefit both the Iraqis and the U.S. , enabling President Obama to stick to his withdrawal timetable .
Brig .
Gen. Kenneth Tovo , who heads U.S. operations in Anbar province , told the Christian Science Monitor he and his Iraqi counterparts believe that “ political opportunism ” is behind most of the current violence “ in this uncertain period when we are working on national government formation . ”
Tovo reflected a wide Iraqi view that when the new Iraqi government is formed , “ a lot of this will settle down . ”
The attacks , which are being credited to “ al - Qaeda in Iraq , ” come in the context of a four - month political leadership stalemate following Iraq ’s March 7 national elections .
The elections did not produce a clear winner , with Maliki ’s State of Law slate coming in 2 votes behind a slate headed by former Prime Minister Iyad Allawi .
Neither garnered enough votes to form a government on their own .
Both presented themselves as non-sectarian , but Maliki ’s party is Shiite Islamist while Allawi ’s slate is linked to former Baathists .
The outcome was skewed by a controversial election law which essentially disenfranchised smaller parties , including Iraq ’s well - respected Communist Party and other democratic and ethnic minority parties , and handed their votes to the dominant slates .
Since March , the big political blocs have been engaged in non -stop deal - making , each trying to line up support to head the new government .
Neighboring countries , especially Iran , Syria and Saudi Arabia , are involved , each seeking a post - occupation Iraqi government that is friendly to the economic and political interests of their respective ruling circles .
And the U.S. is looking for a friendly and stable Iraqi government that will quell the remaining violence , enable the U.S. to free its strained military for Afghanistan and other ventures , and put out a welcome mat for U.S. corporations .
Of course , certain right - wing U.S. circles want to keep a military presence there .
And Iraqi commentators say some Iraqis , including some former Baathists but others as well , want the U.S. to stay , feeling the Americans will help them gain leverage over their opponents .
Before the March elections , some saw the U.S. as favoring the Allawi slate .
Certainly , Allawi ’s campaign benefited from vast sums of money from Saudi Arabia , a key U.S. ally .
Biden went to Iraq July 3 , his fifth trip there since taking office as vice president 18 months ago , to press for a speedy resolution to the governmental crisis .
Reportedly he pushed for an alliance between the Allawi and Maliki slates .
But according to the Iraqi political analysis site Niqash , “ Biden ’s visit raised fears among the other major political parties that they will be excluded from the government . ”
Since then , the wheeling and dealing has continued .
Iraqis say the much talked - of Sunni - Shiite divide was largely manufactured and then exacerbated by the U.S. occupation .
Saddam Hussein ’s Sunni - based regime also included Shiites .
Allawi , a former Baathist now heading a Sunni - based slate , is a Shiite .
Maliki ’s Shiite slate also includes Sunnis .
Communists and other progressive parties include Sunnis as well as Shiites .
But Shiites , persecuted under Saddam Hussein , and generally associated with Iraq ’s working class and poor , make up 60 percent of the population .
Together with the Kurds , who are 20 percent , and some smaller ethnic minorities , they have no intention of allowing Allawi and his Sunni-Baathist - linked slate to take the prime ministership .
Photo : U.S. Army Sgt. Alma Santiago , 25 , from Worcester , Mass. , with 2nd Brigade , 10th Mountain Division , waits at Baghdad International Airport as her unit begins their journey to the United States , July 13 .
The soldiers , based at Fort Drum , N.Y. , are headed home after nine months in Iraq as part of the U.S. drawdown of forces , which begins in earnest next month .
( AP / Maya Alleruzzo )
Frank is a retired Lt. Col. in the US Army .
He 's blind and impossible to get along with .
Charlie is at school and is looking forward to going to university ; to help pay for a trip home for Christmas , he agrees to look after Frank over Thanksgiving .
Frank 's niece says this will be easy money , but she did n't reckon on Frank spending his Thanksgiving in New York .
Written by Rob Hartill
The USS Liberty is in the news .
A former Navy signalman on the spy ship bombed to hell by the Israelis in 1967 was on the Gaza freedom flotilla , and John Mearsheimer has argued that the Liberty case shows that when the Israelis kill Americans , nothing happens .
( Mearsheimer also cited Rachel Corrie ’s killing in Rafah in 2003 and Furkan Dogan ’s killing on the Mavi Marmara on May 31 ) .
I like the Liberty story because it ’s so grotesque : 34 Americans killed and dozens wounded in daylight on the Mediterranean during the Six - Day War in a savage and repeated attack on an intelligence vessel .
Officially described as a mistake , but few of the survivors believe it .
Did n’t the Israelis know what they were doing ?
But if it was deliberate , what was the motive ?
Lately I ’ve been reading The Passionate Attachment , by the late former under secretary of State George W. Ball and his son Douglas Ball , and it argues that the Israelis were fearful that the U.S. would report on continued Israeli hostilities at a time when the U.N. had voted for a ceasefire .
On June 8 , 1967 , the fourth day of the war , they say , Israel still wanted to conquer the Golan Heights .
" [ T ]he United Nations had adopted a cease - fire resolution and they [ the Israelis ] feared there might not be enough time to accomplish this objective without , as it were , going into overtime .
" The Liberty ’s presence and function were known to Israel ’s leaders .
They presumably thought it vital that the Liberty be prevented from informing Washington of their intentions to violate any cease - fire before they had completed their occupation of the Golan .
Their solution was brutal and direct .
Israeli aircraft determined the exact location of the ship and undertook a combined air - naval attack …
[ B ]y permitting a cover -up of Israel ’s attack on the Liberty , President Johnson told the Israelis in effect that nothing they did would induce American politicians to refuse their bidding .
From that time forth , the Israelis began to act as if they had an inalienable right to American aid and backing .
Yes I know : presumably .
Still it ’s an interesting theory .
NOTE :
The following release has been updated to reflect the fact that the Paycheck Fairness Act has 40 co-sponsors , not 42 .
We apologize for the error .
================================================================
Senate Should Swiftly Pass Bill
WASHINGTON – The American Civil Liberties Union today commended the Obama administration for announcing its support for the Paycheck Fairness Act ( S. 182 ) , a bill that would take steps toward finally closing the wage gap between men and women by closing loopholes in the current law and strengthening weak remedies .
Passage of the bill is one of the recommendations made by the administration ’s Equal Pay Enforcement Task Force .
The bill would provide a much needed update to the Equal Pay Act of 1963 .
The Paycheck Fairness
Act would provide workers with the tools they need to ensure equal compensation , including fair remedies , additional enforcement tools and technical assistance and training for both employers and employees .
Last year , the House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed the Paycheck Fairness Act ; the bill currently has 40 co-sponsors in the Senate and is poised for passage .
The ACLU calls on the Senate to take swift action on the Paycheck Fairness
Act so that women can bring home the pay they have rightfully earned .
The following can be attributed to Laura W. Murphy , Director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office :
“ It ’s unacceptable that nearly 50 years after the Equal Pay Act became law , women , on average , still make only 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man .
The Paycheck Fairness
Act is the way to level the playing field by finally establishing equality in the American workplace and ensuring that anyone , regardless of gender , can see his or her work rewarded with a fair paycheck .
Every worker in America deserves to bring home equal pay for equal work , and the Obama administration is to be commended for placing its support behind this vital bill .
“ In this economic climate , there is no better time to swiftly pass this law .
Allowing women to bring home fair pay is not only fundamental to American ideals of equality , it is necessary for families ’ economic security and to the nation 's economic recovery .
Pay discrimination forces single - female households and families dependent on two wage earners to live on less than they deserve .
Wage discrimination also reduces women ’s retirement income .
The Paycheck Fairness
Act is an important safety net for working families , and we urge the Senate to move this bill forward . ”
A letter from the ACLU to the Senate in support of the Paycheck Fairness
Act is available at :
Barcelona lost more than € 77 m ( £ 64 m ) last season , the club 's vice - president for economic affairs Javier Faus has revealed .
The previous board , led by the former Barça president Joan Laporta , had announced the club were € 11 m ( £ 9 m ) in the black at the end of their mandate in late June , but a new audit carried out by Deloitte for Sandro Rosell 's regime has revealed a far less healthy scenario for the Catalan club .
The new audit shows that Barcelona had an income of € 408.9 m for the 2009 - 10 season , but costs amounting to € 477.9 m .
Further spending of around € 8 m means the overall deficit is calculated at € 77.1m .
" The figures presented by the former board do n't reflect the real image .
They have cheated , " Faus said .
" There is a structural problem .
The sporting excellence in the last few years has not been reflected in economic excellence .
The new board 's goal is to bring economic excellence alongside sporting excellence . "
Barça recently took out a loan of € 155 m after falling behind with the payment of player wages at the end of June .
The central defender Dmytro Chygrynskiy was also hastily sold to Shakhtar Donetsk to raise much - needed funds for the club .
Nevertheless , Barcelona have already signed David Villa this summer for € 40 m and are willing to spend as much or even more to bring Cesc Fábregas to the Camp Nou in time for next season , although progress on that deal has stalled .
Treatment industry afraid to discuss legalization
Press release from LEAP :
Federal Drug Agency Bans Pro-Legalization Police Group From Conference SAMHSA
Does n’t Want Views Expressed at Treatment Event in Chicago CHICAGO , IL — A group of police officers , judges and prosecutors who support legalizing and regulating drugs is crying foul after a federal agency reneged on a contract that gave the law enforcers a booth to share their anti-prohibition views at a government - sponsored treatment conference in Chicago next week .
After accepting registration payment from Law Enforcement Against Prohibition ( LEAP ) , the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration initially told the police group that it was canceling its booth at the National Conference on Women , Addiction and Recovery because of overbooking and space concerns .
However , Sharon Amatetti of SAMHSA ’s Center for Substance Abuse Treatment later informed LEAP that , in a decision rising all the way to SAMHSA Administrator Pamela Hyde ’s office , the group was actually being disinvited for its viewpoint .
“ It ’s alarming that the federal government is trying to silence the voices of front - line police officers who just want to network and collaborate with treatment professionals to achieve our shared goal of preventing substance abuse through effective public policy , ” said Neill Franklin , a former narcotics cop with the Maryland State Police and Baltimore Police Department who is now executive director of LEAP .
“ Perhaps the administration was most concerned that LEAP ’s law enforcers planned to shine a spotlight on the fact that under President Obama , the White House ’s drug control budget maintains the same two - to - one funding ratio in favor of harsh enforcement tactics over effective public health approaches . ”
On a phone call with LEAP , Pamela Rodriguez of conference co-host TASC , Inc. of Illinois said that the police group was n’t welcome at the event because “ our policy perspective and our policy objectives are different from you guys . ”
She added , “ It is the emphasis on prohibition vs. legalization that , for me at least , is the glaring dissonance with regard to our agenda . ”
SAMHSA has since refunded LEAP ’s money .
The conference takes place July 26 - 28 at Chicago ’s Downtown Magnificent Mile Marriott Hotel .
Law Enforcement Against Prohibition ( LEAP ) and its 30,000 supporters represent police , prosecutors , judges , FBI / DEA agents and others who want to legalize and regulate drugs after fighting on the front lines of the “ war on drugs ” and learning firsthand that prohibition only serves to worsen addiction and violence .
Info at www.CopsSayLegalizeDrugs.com.
It ’s not like LEAP wanted to have a panel or speaker at the conference — they just wanted to have a booth like many other organizations and pass out information to people who voluntarily stopped by .
And they were willing to pay the fee to do it .
And that was too threatening to SAMHSA to allow .
Now , I understand that conferences are intended to get people motivated and excited about what they do , and so maybe it would be counter to the purpose of the conference to have a group at a treatment conference that was opposed to treatment .
But that ’s not the case with LEAP at all .
They ’re strongly supportive of treatment .
In fact , they prefer that we deal with drugs as a public health issue , which obviously would include a strong treatment component .
So why is the treatment industry so solidly in the prohibitionist camp ?
Is it the money ?
Could be , and that was my first thought .
After all , 37.8 % of all treatment admissions ( 2008 ) were referred there by the criminal justice system .
That ’s 700,000 admissions .
And yet , over 300,000 of those criminal justice referrals were for alcohol , a legal drug , so it does n’t mean that they would lose all criminal justice referrals – not by a long shot .
They ’d probably lose 180,000 marijuana referrals .
And it ’s possible that they ’d lose admissions in general across the board in currently illegal drugs because legalization and regulation may reduce the harms of drug use ( others will say that there will be an increase in admissions due to legalization ) .
What other reasons do they have for being against even the discussion of legalization ?
One could be the skewed personal experience syndrome .
Many treatment professionals are former addicts or have had experience with someone who overdosed , etc .
And then they work all day with people who have severe problems .
This can cause a skewed outlook where you ’re unable to see the larger picture and unwilling to consider that the system you ’re part of could be part of the problem .
Finally , the treatment system is heavily influenced in a top - down way by the federal government , which has a vested power interest in prohibition .
SAMHSA is part of that and ca n’t avoid it .
And it is this administration ’s policy to stick their fingers in their ears and make loud nonsense noises whenever the “ L ” word is spoken .
How is life , now that you have left parliament ?
Absolutely wonderful .
It feels like I left 20 years ago , rather than two months ago .
How is the coalition faring without you ?
I 'd rather we did n't have one .
Coalitions are bad news - you never know what you are voting for .
But I do not see that we had any choice , given the economic situation .
Does this government , to borrow a phrase from Alastair Campbell , " do God " ?
Well , Eric Pickles has said he will do away with the nonsense of playing down Christianity and funding any activity unless it 's a Church one .
So one of the earliest coalition pronouncements was , from my point of view , a very good one .
Do you feel that religion is pushed to the margins in British public life ?
It has been for a very long time .
There is an immense difference between being told that you must not discriminate against something and being told that you must promote it .
The last government failed to preserve that distinction .
Which particular issues concern you ?
Catholic adoption agencies , for example , had to either place children with homosexual couples or close .
It 's almost an article of faith now that you can't exercise Christian conscience .
With about half of the population being non-believers , what role should religion have in public life ?
We do still have an established church .
If we deny our culture and become nothing and everything , that weakens us .
Our state ceremonies have a religious foundation , we have compulsory religious education .
And the Church should be a moral guardian .
What 's your opinion of the Pope 's intervention on the Equalities Bill ?
The Pope was absolutely right to comment .
A lot of his flock are feeling under pressure .
His intervention with the government of another country is acceptable ?
Well , of course .
The Vatican is a state , and we all have diplomatic relations with the Vatican .
Are the rumours true - are you about to become the British ambassador to that state ?
No .
That is pure speculation from the press .
Your profession loves speculation .
[ She laughs . ]
True !
To return to the Catholic Church - is it in crisis , given the abuse scandal and so on ?
No .
Obviously , this is serious .
But why just pick on the Church ?
The overwhelming majority of abusers are secular , married men .
You converted from Anglicanism to Catholicism in the 1990s , with a period of agnosticism in between .
What caused the shift ?
The ordination of women was the last straw , but it was only one of many .
For years I had been disillusioned by the Church of England 's compromising on everything .
The Catholic Church does n't care if something is unpopular .
Is the priesthood the only field from which you feel women should be exempt ?
I despair when people say , " But you 're a successful woman . "
I do not stand in persona Christi at the point of the consecration .
I believe in equality , from the Prime Minister down through the country , but the Church is a thing apart and always should be .
What did you learn from your agnostic period ?
My faith was much stronger when I came back because it was more hard - won .
Do you understand secularism better now ?
I understand well enough where people who do not believe are coming from .
What I do not like is militant secularism , whereby anything is acceptable as long as it's not Christian .
Is the growth of secularism a worry ?
Secularism has no central goal , it 's just promoting endless relativism .
That 's why there is a huge moral drift in the country .
Everybody is infallible except the Pope , if you like .
Crazy .
Does Britain 's religious plurality concern you ?
I do n't have a problem with other people having different faith ; my problem is if we confuse respecting that with surrendering our own faith .
Who are your heroes ?
William Wilberforce is one - not just because of the abolition of slavery , but because he stuck at it when everything was against him .
Is there , or was there , a plan ?
God has charge of these plans , but my plan at the moment is to enjoy retirement .
So your plan does n't include , say , an ambassadorial role at the Holy See ?
Good try , but I 'm not being drawn .
What would you like to forget ?
Nothing .
Even bad things are lessons learned .
Are we all doomed ?
We can be saved .
But it 's up to us .
Read a longer version of the conversation .
Defining moments
1947 Born in Bath .
Spends her childhood there and in Singapore
1969 Latin BA at Birmingham University ; then studies PPE at Oxford
1987 Elected as an MP on her third attempt
1993 Converts to Catholicism
1995 Becomes minister of state for prisons
2000 First of four novels is published
2001 Failed leadership bid ; leaves cabinet
2010 Retires from parliament .
Rumours that she is to be Vatican ambassador
A New York man has filed suit , claiming that he contractually owns 84 percent of Facebook .
A New York man has filed suit , claiming that he contractually owns 84 percent of Facebook .
In a court filing originally unearthed by The Wall Street Journal , Paul Ceglia claimed that he entered into a contract with Mark Zuckerberg , owner of The Facebook.com and later chief executive of Facebook.com to buy 50 percent of the company for $ 1,000 .
According to the contract Ceglia alleges Zuckerberg signed , the two agreed to pay Ceglia an additional 1 percent of the company from that day until the Web site was completed .
In a statement to the Journal , Facebook called the suit " frivolous " .
The suit , originally filed with the Supreme Court of Allegany County in New York , includes a copy of the work for hire contract allegedly signed by Zuckerberg .
It details two business ventures : work performed for the Streetfax database and the related programming language , as well as the continued development and design of " The Face Book " .
The contract is allegedly signed by both Ceglia and Zuckerberg .
The alleged contract would require that Ceglia , the purchaser , pay Zuckerberg $ 1,000 for each of the ventures .
In return , Ceglia would own a 50 percent interest in the " software , programming language and business interests derived from the expansion of the [ Facebook ] service to a larger audience , " and require Zuckerberg to perform the work for the StreetFax database .
It also includes the stipulation that Ceglia would be due an additional 1 percent of the company for every day past the due date , Jan. 1 , 2004 , that the Web site was delayed .
The filing also includes what appears to be a photocopy of a receipt for a check made out to a " Mark Zucherberg " [ sic ] for $ 1,000 .
Lawyers for Zuckerberg and Facebook have attempted to move the hearing to the U.S. District Court in the Western District of New York .
A man holds a boy as he signs a giant soccer ball 64 days prior to the World Cup at Nelson Mandela Square in Sandton , Johannesburg in this April 7 , 2010 file photo .
Eight percent of Russians believe their national team will win the World Cup , despite the fact that it never qualified for the tournameny .
REUTERS / Peter Andrews / Files
MOSCOW ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Eight percent of Russians believe their national team will win the World Cup , despite the fact that it never qualified for the tournament , an independent poll has showed .
Russian pride was shattered when its team was denied a place at the world ’s most - watched sporting event , currently underway in South Africa , when they were defeated by Slovenia in the qualifying stage .
The poll , conducted by Russia ’s Levada Centre between the 18th and the 22nd of June , surveyed 1,600 Russian adults across 130 cities .
Brazil -- currently pegged a favourite by several bookmakers -- came top of the poll , with 33 percent of Russians believing the football powerhouse will take home the trophy .
Two percent of those polled said prime Russian tourist spot Turkey , also absent from the Cup , would win .
Despite the Russian team ’s absence , Moscow ’s bars are filled with excited fans ardently watching the matches .
The Kremlin is also eagerly awaiting December ’s decision on whether or not its bid to host the World Cup in 2018 or 2022 has been successful .
The Russian team has previously enjoyed a mixed record in international football , securing a historic semi-final place at the European Championship in 2008 .
However it failed to qualify for the 2006 World Cup in Germany .
FIFA , which runs the World Cup , considers the Russian team the direct successor to the Soviet squad , whose pinnacle of sporting achievement was victory in the inaugural European Championships in Paris in 1960 .
It beat fellow Communists Yugoslavia .
( Reporting by Ben Judah )
Awhile back , particularly during the Clinton administration , the media would flagellate itself every so often for rushing , lemming - like , to cover some story or other that was being touted on the Drudge Report , and then , after a period of reflection , deciding that it should n't be .
There was usually a Howard Kurtz column to demarcate such an episode .
But the recidivism rate was high .
Invariably , the media would chase the next Drudge rumor , and the whole cycle would repeat .
That does n't seem to happen anymore , at least not with Drudge .
But it does happen , and more powerfully than ever , with Andrew Breitbart , who has inherited Barnum 's instinct for what will cause a circus and the certainty that suckers are still being born every minute .
One difference is that Drudge usually focused on sex scandals and tawdry personal humiliations , which , in the end , is hardly worth getting worked up about .
Yes , yes , shame on reporters for taking the bait .
But c'mon .
Breitbart focuses on race .
Today 's episode with Shirley Sherrod , who was forced to resign from the Agriculture Department on the basis of a doctored and intentionally misleading videotape ( see below ) , is an especially ugly case in point , calculated to stir the very worst racial resentments .
This time the political world -- the NAACP , the Agriculture Secretary -- moved as quickly as the media world to unthinking response , and I suspect it happened precisely because race was involved .
I do n't doubt that the administration 's understandable desire to avoid racial issues played a big part in how this turned out .
So I ’m very pleased to announce an inaugural episode of what we hope will be a regular “ radio ” show with Dave Jones of EEVblog .
I got in touch with Dave about doing an interview for my series on the electronics food chain , as many others have in the past few weeks .
Instead , we decided we could try taking it to the air and maybe try out a radio - type format .
To any EEVBlog members arriving on this page for the first time , welcome !
I really dig the community that has risen up around Dave and his video blog and how supportive they are of one another on the forums there .
For anyone who has not yet been to Dave ’s site , I highly recommend watching and / or downloading some of the videos and joining the forums .
Finally , as mentioned in the show , we did n’t ever come up with a name for the show .
If you have any ideas , please leave them in the comments .
Also any other thoughts on the show , topics or format , we ’d love to hear what you have to say !
[ display_podcast ]
In 1977 , a Boston Globe article revealed an interesting tidbit about Edward Gorey ’s television watching habits :
Edward Gorey watched television for the first time this summer , or so he claims , and in the process , the 52 - year - old artist became a Star Trek fan .
He watched the science - fiction program re-runs twice a day , five times a week , and once on the sixth day , and despite the faithful viewing has yet to see the show ’s most famous episode , ‘ The Trouble With Tribbles , ’ which is about these little furry creatures in outer space , or so he says .
Having discovered this information in 2007 , cartoonist / writer Shaenon K. Garrity ran with it , imagining what could ’ve been had the beloved macabre illustrator taken his fandom one step further .
The full result is after the jump , and can be seen at a larger size here .
[ via Grey_Area ]
Posted by Nadya Lev on July 26th , 2010
Filed under Comics , Cryptohistory , Geekdom , Sci-fi
The UK's " Taranis " robot stealth jet has finally rolled out of assembly , the year after it was supposed to be in ground testing .
Does n't even save British jobs , let alone lives
Taranis , a jet - fighter - sized unmanned aircraft of the same general sort as the USA 's X - 45 , X - 47 and Phantom Ray roboplanes , has been under construction by BAE Systems and allied firms since 2006 .
It was supposed to enter ground testing last year and fly this year , but problems were encountered and the project is running late .
Flight trials are now expected next year , and initial expected cost to the taxpayer of £ 125 m has now reportedly risen to £ 143m .
Robo - bombers developed from today 's prototype might conceivably replace the RAF 's Tornado bombers , scheduled to retire in 2025 .
But 2025 is a long way off , and in the meantime the RAF is a lot more interested in jazzing up its new Eurofighters to be more capable of ground attack duties .
The Taranis project was n't kicked off in 2006 because the RAF wanted it .
Rather , Taranis was begun to give BAE Systems ' fighter design team something to do .
With the Eurofighter largely finished and no new RAF business on the horizon for decades , the future of the design shops at BAE 's fighter factories was looking highly uncertain .
" This technology is key to sustaining a strong industrial base , " said BAE exec Nigel Whitehead , speaking at Monday 's rollout ceremony .
The Defence Industrial Strategy ( DIS ) of 2005 , under which the Taranis project was begun a year later , says :
Our plans ... to invest in developing [ Unmanned Combat Air Vehicle ] technology – will also provide us with the core industrial skills required to contribute to any future international manned fast jet programme , should the requirement for one emerge .
This recognises both the uncertainty of our very long term requirements ... and that we should avoid continuing to fund industrial capabilities for which we have no identified requirement .
It has long been recognised , however - even by BAE Systems - that the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) does n't have the money to afford the higher prices that the DIS calls for .
Furthermore , Blighty 's fighter factories have n't built a new plane on their own since the 1960s : all the UK forces ' current aircraft are full of imported technology and have been for decades .
The new government is currently carrying out a full defence review in which all previous assumptions may be overturned - and in which severe cuts are expected .
It would seem at least possible that Taranis and its builders may be reclassified soon as " an industrial capability for which we have no identified requirement " .
Certainly local MP Mark Menzies - many of whose constituents work at BAE 's Warton and Samlesbury sites - is worried .
" We are not just talking about Tranche 3B of the Typhoon but also the possible effect on the unmanned Taranis project , which could yet be subject to some of the cuts , " he told the Blackpool Gazette last week .
" I will continue to fight for the protection of jobs , " added the MP .
Giving BAE the Taranis project seems to have done little to preserve jobs , however .
BAE 's total global workforce was 106,400 strong as of publication of its most recent corporate responsibility report , up from 97,500 the year before , but barely a quarter are Brits .
The company 's British workforce continues to shrink as it has done now consistently for many years , with seven per cent having been sacked just in 2009 .
BAE Systems has shed more than 13,000 UK employees since 2001 . ®
CLAYTON , Mo. —
The country ’s latest experiment in pay - what - you - want eating started last weekend when a cafe run by Panera Bread , one of the fastest - growing chain restaurants in the country , began refusing payments from customers in this affluent St. Louis suburb and politely asked them instead to “ take what you need , leave your fair share ” in wood - and - plexiglass lockboxes .
There was a line out the door at the peak of the lunch rush — a crew of government workers , area professionals and the merely curious who seemed enthusiastic , if a little bewildered , about the enterprise .
Was this a high - class soup kitchen ?
A newfangled charity ?
Neither , it turned out .
It is one of about a dozen operations around the country providing free or low - cost food to those who need it and trying to sustain themselves off the money their paying customers decide to toss in the box .
Some will call it a hot trend , others a pipe dream , but the notion of letting diners choose what they pay for their meals has been gaining traction over the last decade as an outgrowth of the organic food movement and the advent of social entrepreneurs — those who believe that making a profit and doing good are not mutually exclusive .
Stupid World Cup , breaking my sorta - but - not - really - interested - in - soccer heart every 4 years .
Well , I 'm done .
This is the only sport I 'm following .
In 2012 , nobody 's going to be watching fútbol or checkerball or whatever .
They 'll be watching this .
Trust me .
[ Japanator ]
Advertisement
A nasty storm rolled through Chicago recently , and Craig Shimala was ready to capture it from his balcony .
Using a Canon 7D and a 10 - 22 mm wide angle lens , he was lucky enough to film lightning striking the three tallest buildings in Chicago at the same time .
Playing the footage in slow motion also gives an interesting look at how lightning travels .
( via planet5D )
Article content
The Ontario government says it will scrap the controversial “ eco fee ” for 90 days to develop a new system “ that works for consumers , ” but will kick in $ 5 - million during that time to make up for the money no longer being charged to consumers at the cash register .
Speaking to reporters this morning at Queen ’s Park , Environment Minister John Gerretsen said the government could have done a better job at communicating how the program , which is administered by Stewardship Ontario , works , saying “ consumers and businesses were not well informed . ”
We apologize , but this video has failed to load .
tap here to see other videos from our team .
Try refreshing your browser , or Poor communication blamed for failed Ontario eco fee Back to video
“ I take full responsibility for that , ” he said , but stopped short of apologizing to consumers who have already paid the sometimes - hidden fees and who are unlikely to get a refund .
“ We all have a role to play in keeping dangerous materials out of our environment by diverting waste — but not at the expense of consumers ’ trust .
That is why we are taking action now to address fees , increase consumer protection and completely review the program , ” Mr. Gerretsen said .
In much the same way that McDonald ’s is the world ’s most successful restaurant , the Saw series has been deemed the most successful horror movie series of all time by the Guinness Book Of World Records , which recognized the franchise ’s superior achievement in replication with an award on Friday .
Even before Saw ’s seventh and final film debuts in October ( with all its attendant existential questions ) , the series has already netted around $ 733 million at the box office , handily trumping other enduring contenders like Friday The 13th and Nightmare On Elm Street .
Of course , receipts have not been adjusted for inflation and so on and so on , but it ’s in a book now !
Advertisement
Kodi , 1997 – 2010
In 1998 , Krissy decided that we should have a dog .
This precipitated a philosophical discussion between the two of us as to what constituted a “ dog . ” Krissy , whose family had had a number of smaller dogs over the years , was inclined toward something in the shih tzu or maltese direction of things .
I , however , steadfastly maintained that if one is going to own a dog , then one should get a dog — a large animal , identifiably related to the wolves whose DNA they shared , who could , if required , drag one ’s unconscious ass out of a fire .
More practically , there was the fact that at the time I owned a 30 - pound cat named Rex , whose default disposition was such that a dog smaller than he would be in very serious danger of being either eaten or being sat on and smothered in the night .
It would n’t be fair to bring a small dog into our home .
And thus , it was decided that , indeed , we would probably get a big dog .
And as it happens , when this decision was made , our good friend Stephen Bennett mentioned to us that , as we were looking for a dog , he knew of a puppy that was available .
A friend of his had put down a deposit on an Akita puppy from a local breeder , but then moved somewhere pets were n’t allowed .
So an Akita pup was up for sale , at a substantially discounted price .
Normally the phrase “ discount puppy ” is one fraught with danger , but Stephen had heard good things about the breeder , so we gave her a call .
It turned out that actually two puppies were still available , one a boy and one a girl , so we went over to the look at them .
Krissy had originally wanted the boy puppy , but he seemed distant and diffident and did n’t seem to want to have much to do with us .
The girl puppy , on the other hand , went right up to Krissy and seemed to be just plain delighted to see her .
Five minutes later , it was decided that the girl puppy was our puppy .
As it happened , it was indeed the pup Stephen ’s friend had planned to buy , and in anticipation of that , the breeders had already started calling her the name that not - actually - former owner had planned to call her : Kodi .
Having bought the dog , I then went home and researched Akitas , and just about had a heart attack , because it turns out that Akitas are a dog that can go one of two ways :
They can be an utterly delightful dog , clean and intelligent and devoted to family , or they can be twitchy neurotic creatures who were originally bred to hunt bears and will be happy to challenge you for alpha - hood in the family if you give them the chance .
What made the difference between the one and the other ?
Basically , how much time you spent socializing them .
Spend enough time and attention to socialize them well , you get the good Akita .
You do n’t , and you do n’t .
Fortunately , if you want to call it that , something happened that allowed me to spend all sorts of time with my new puppy : I got laid off from AOL .
Thus , during Kodi ’s entire puppyhood , I had nothing better to do with my time than to spend it with our new pet .
Partially as a result of this , and partially out of her own good nature , Kodi became the best of all possible dogs , or at the very least the best of all possible dogs for for me and for Krissy .
Athena came along , almost exactly a year younger than Kodi , and our dog took to her immediately , sensing a younger sister rather than competition for affection .
Kodi was a good dog for all of us , but it ’s fair to say that while she loved me and Athena , she adored Krissy .
I like to tell the story of how I went away on my book tour in 2007 , and I was gone for three weeks , and the day I came back , Krissy went to the airport to pick me up .
When we got out of the car and opened the door to the house , Kodi came out and greeted me in a way that translated into oh , hey , you ’re back .
Nice to see you .
Then she went over to Krissy and greeted her in away that translated into OH MY GOD I THOUGHT I WOULD NEVER SEE YOU EVER AGAIN AND NOW YOU’RE BACK AND I LOVE YOU SO VERY MUCH .
And she had been gone for maybe two hours .
I once told Krissy that the very best day for Kodi would be one in which Krissy came back home every ten minutes .
Krissy was Kodi ’s world , her sun and her moon , her waking thought and her dream .
Krissy never took that for granted , as one being given unconditional love might .
She returned that love .
She delighted in the fact that Kodi was her dog , even in its most exasperating moments , such as when the dog could n’t stand to be more than five feet from her and was simultaneously having deep and abiding intestinal issues .
You take the bad with the good , the cat litter breath with the soft , happy puppy sighs , the dog farts with the unalloyed happiness that a dog who really loves you provides .
Krissy loved her dog , and loved everything that went with the dog , from start to finish .
Kodi ’s love for my wife amused me and I would occasionally feign jealousy , but I never doubted that Kodi loved me too , and cared for me as well .
To explain how I know this I have to tell you about two separate events .
The first happened the night of the day my daughter was born .
The second was a few days after my wife miscarried what would have been our second child .
In each case I was home while Krissy was somewhere else — in the hospital recuperating from giving birth for the first , and at her work for the second — and in both cases I was suddenly and extraordinarily overcome by my emotions .
For the first , the indescribable joy that comes in meeting your child for the first time .
For the second , the grief that comes from knowing you will not meet the child who could have been yours .
And each time , I was frozen , unable to process what was happening to me , or what I was feeling .
Both times , Kodi did the same thing .
She came into the room , saw me , walked over to the chair in which I was sitting and put her head in my lap .
And both times I did the same thing .
I petted her head , slid out of the chair and on to the floor , and held my dog while I cried , letting her be the one to share both my joy and pain , so I could go on to what I had to do next .
Both times she was patient with me and sat there for as long as I needed .
Both times my dog knew I needed her .
Both times she was right .
I have n’t written or spoken of either of these before , even to my wife .
They were something I kept for myself .
But I want you to know about them now , so that you know that when I say my dog loved me and I loved her , you have some idea of what that actually means .
Akitas are large dogs and live , on average , for nine or ten years .
Kodi lived for almost thirteen , and twelve of those were very good years .
In the last year , however , age caught up with her .
She slowed , and she panted , and finally it had become clear that she had begun to hurt .
While Krissy and I were in Boston this last week , we got a call from the kennel where we boarded our dog when we traveled .
Kodi had had to be taken to the vet because she was listless and she was n’t eating .
X - rays at the vet showed she had a tumor in her abdomen , which was likely causing internal bleeding .
There was some question whether Kodi would make it until we got home .
We asked the vet to do what she could .
She did , and yesterday afternoon we drove straight from the airport to see our dog .
In the end it was simple .
We walked Kodi into the sunlight and then Krissy laid down in the grass with her and held her dog close and let her dog go , both at the same time , bringing to an end a journey that began with Kodi walking up to Krissy and into her life , and our lives , twelve years before .
I ’m thankful our dog waited for us so we could be with her .
But I ’m even more thankful my wife could hold her dog one last time , feel the happiness Kodi felt in her presence and she in hers , and to have her arms be the last thing her dog felt in this life as she passed into the next .
Now she is gone and we miss her .
We are glad of the time she was with us .
She was loved , by my wife , by our child and by me .
I wanted to share a little of her with you , so you might remember her too .
She was a good dog .
By Captain Pyke | July 18 , 2010 - 9:43 pm
Virgin Galactic 's flagship vessel , aptly named Enterprise , embarked on it's first crewed flight July 15th .
The ship remained attached to it 's mothership VMS Eve for the duration of the 6hr 12 min flight .
Crew members Peter Siebold and Michael Alsbury evaluated all of the spaceship ’s systems and functions from end to end in the air .
According to the Virgin Galactic website , the mission was a success or as they reported , " objectives achieved " .
With the VSS Enterprise announcement last year revealing it 's iconic name , Virgin Galactic has been on roll completing Enterprise 's first captive carry flight in March of this year .
VSS Enterprise is the first in a planned series of commercial spacecraft that will ferry tourists into suborbital flight , the first of it's kind , and then return gliding to Earth and landing in the New Mexico desert .
Born out of the Ansari X PRISE and Burt Rutan 's Scaled Composites , VSS Enterprise earned it 's name from Trek and is a close cousin to the X PRISE winning spaceship , SpaceShipOne , which now resides in the Smithsonian Air & Space Museum .
Virgin Galactic is a company within Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Group which plans to provide sub-orbital spaceflights to the paying public , along with suborbital space science missions and orbital launches of small satellites .
Further in the future Virgin Galactic hopes to offer orbital human spaceflights as well .
( wikipedia )
Learn more about Virgin Galactic here .
Thanks for playing !
It ’s been a great run and we hope that you have enjoyed your time with Darkspore .
While it can be hard to say goodbye , keep in mind there are tons of awesome games available for free on Origin .
Enjoy 48 - hours of fun with Game Time titles or download the latest Origin On the House release and add it to your library .
There is always something great to play on Origin and we hope to see you in another game very soon !
Skip to comments .
BIG Nightmare From Wikileaks : Documents Dumped
http://annem040359.wordpress.com/ ^ | July 26 , 2010 | annem040359
Posted on by Biggirl
This blog article comes from a women whoses nephew - in - law , my youngest nieces husband is over in Afghanistan serving his country , the USA in this war and for this , I THANK Richard and ALL the men and women who are serving this country NOW and to all veterans , living and deceased .
Having said that , what took place with this news report , that there has been a major leak from a website organization called Wikileaks , which had made public a large number , thousands of documents about Pakistans military spy service which has been for years suspected to have been having a hidden hand or secret involvement in the war in Afghanistan .
( Excerpt ) Read more at annem040359.wordpress.com ...
TOPICS :
Computers / Internet
Government
Military / Veterans
KEYWORDS :
afghanistan
again
documents
wikileaks
The first " Stuck On Stupid " Award goes to the founder of Wikileaks , Julian Assange .
Here is the video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEyT8uh8xT8&feature=related
To : Biggirl
Julian Assange needs to immediately go to JAIL .
by 2 posted onby BuffaloJack ( Obama , the Criminal , is BAD for AMERICA . )
To : Biggirl
Poison Photo - Drop .. decision to release photographs .. will imperil nation .. its defenders .
Tue May 12 09:52:58 2009 · 13 of 21
null and void to Sergeant Tim Before he is done I fully expect him to release the names , addresses and phone numbers of anyone anywhere in the world who has ever provided any information to agency workers .
The damage to US intel will last multiple generations .
I predicted something like this * sigh *
by 3 posted onby null and void ( We are now in day 548 of our national holiday from reality .
- 0 bama really is n't one of US . )
To : Biggirl
I felt physically sick this morning when I heard about this on the TV .
This is a traitorous act !
There is no other way to categorize it !
by 4 posted onby sauropod ( The truth shall make you free but first it will make you miserable . )
To : Biggirl
Rush ’s take : Wikileaks had to get the docs to publish them .
Since there is no incrimination of Zero in them , it ’s possible that the Obama regime leaked them .
To : BuffaloJack
You said it !
He is giving aid and confort to those who want to distroy us !
by 6 posted onby Biggirl ( AZ Is DOING THE JOB The Feds Should Be Doing , ENFORCING The Southern Border ! =^..^=)
To : 1raider1
If that is so , then the Obama White House is trying to put our miliary into harms way .
by 7 posted onby Biggirl ( AZ Is DOING THE JOB The Feds Should Be Doing , ENFORCING The Southern Border ! =^..^=)
To : sauropod
A true war crime !
by 8 posted onby Biggirl ( AZ Is DOING THE JOB The Feds Should Be Doing , ENFORCING The Southern Border ! =^..^=)
To : null and void
You may have been on something !
by 9 posted onby Biggirl ( AZ Is DOING THE JOB The Feds Should Be Doing , ENFORCING The Southern Border ! =^..^=)
To : BuffaloJack
Correction ... Julian
Assange needs to immediately go to an unmarked grave , courtesy of the rough men on the wall who keep us safe at night .
by 10 posted onby AngryJawa ( Obama 's Success is America 's Failure )
To : 1raider1
This was leaked for the same Communist reason that the Manhattan Project / Rosenbergs leaked our nuke info to Stalin ... ... they thought that the playing field between the US and terrorist countries should be made equal .
That said , I agree with Rush if that is what he thinks , I believe Obama admin .
leaked this to completely dismantle our intel services .
This will bring war .
by 11 posted onby TwoLegsGood ( " ... my sin is ever before me " - King David )
To : TwoLegsGood
Of course the Kenyan Hussein is behind this ... he does not want to fight in Afghanistan , never has .
He wants to fight the Patriots in America .
To : roses of sharon
President Obama has no problem going to war against tea party folks , but you dare not go to war against his fellow Muslims .
by 13 posted onby Biggirl ( AZ Is DOING THE JOB The Feds Should Be Doing , ENFORCING The Southern Border ! =^..^=)
To : TwoLegsGood
GMTA !
by 14 posted onby Biggirl ( AZ Is DOING THE JOB The Feds Should Be Doing , ENFORCING The Southern Border ! =^..^=)
To : null and void
This guy has parents , maybe brothers and sisters , certainly some cousins , aunts , uncles , grandparents ~ reasonably close relatives who probably do n't even know they exist .
I 'd suggest those relatives exterminate this guy before others dispose of them .
It 's only right to dispose of the genome of people like this , so those who possess a big chunk of it really have to work twice as hard to prove their continued biological worth .
To : Biggirl
You may have been on something !
Or maybe even on to something ...
by 16 posted onby null and void ( We are now in day 548 of our national holiday from reality .
- 0 bama really is n't one of US . )
To : muawiyah
Personally , I think telescoping death threats is not a wise idea .
Forewarned is forearmed .
He does not need to know that he is a target .
To : Biggirl
“ This blog article comes from a women whoses nephew - in - law , my youngest nieces husband is over in Afghanistan .... )
Sorry , I did n’t go to Harvard but ya lost me right about ..... here
by 18 posted onby OL Hickory ( Jesus and the American soldier - 1 died for your soul / 1 died for your freedom )
To : WVNan
News story referenced on Drudgereport.com this evening has this honey " WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , at a news conference in London Monday , declined to comment on the identity of the source who leaked the documents ......... "
I think they want to play hardball because they are in a very serious game ~ espionage ~ where they work for some government somewhere .
Time to start pick up Assange and his confederates and see if Putin would like to trade some more spies for them ~ otherwise we do a ZULU DAWN sort of thing with them .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Here we go again .
It seems every few years an unhealthy consumer gets the brilliant idea to sue a food company for false advertising .
This time , the target is Fruit Roll - Ups .
, claiming the company failed to mention that the product contains partially hydrogenated oil , which makes it unhealthy .
The woman , Payton McClure , of Manhattan , claims the company misled her and other consumers by portraying the sticky fruit snacks as nutritious .
She is seeking $ 5 million in damages for false advertising , breach of warranty and unjust enrichment .
Where is the personal responsibility ?
If you are truly stupid enough to believe that Fruit Roll - Ups , or any other fruit snack for that matter , actually contain fruit and will enhance your diet , it is your own fault .
Try reading a food label .
Or better yet ,
and purchase some fresh produce .
I always wonder if the people behind these lawsuits really believe that they have been taken advantage of or if they ’re just looking to make a quick buck .
But considering
and
have all been in the line of fire , I suspect the people who sue for nutrition - related reasons are the same ones who devour mass quantities of fast food , chased with diet coke , and wonder why they ’re fat .
They probably also count French fries as a vegetable or believe that frying actually enhances the nutritional value of vegetables ( I truly heard someone claim this once ) .
I ’ll admit I may have an advantage when it comes to these tricky matters .
I did n’t grow up eating fruit snacks or sugary cereals , and I still shy away from most of it today , fearful of the lengthy lists of ingredients I ca n’t pronounce .
But even if your diet contains a steady stream or laboratory - designed food , there are some indicators to help you make healthier choices .
The spelling alone should be the tip - off that Froot Loops may not actually contain any cherries , oranges or lemons .
And though their names can be a bit misleading , Apple Jacks and Cherry Coke are n’t nutritious either .
For that matter , even homemade desserts such as carrot cake , coconut cream pie and blueberry cobbler have far more sugar than they do fruit .
I ’ll break it down for anyone who ’s still confused .
Unless you ’re eating an actual piece of fresh or dried fruit , you ca n’t count it toward your nine - a- day , or however many servings of fruits and vegetables are now recommended in the
.
If in doubt , rely on common sense .
There are a number of reasons you are currently searching for an Indianapolis personal injury law firm , and any number of attorneys in Indianapolis to choose from , so we appreciate you stopping by to research our firm .
No one understands the pain and suffering of a traumatic injury until it happens to you or your loved one .
The impact can leave you feeling overwhelmed financially , alone , and without anyone to turn to .
That 's why you need Doehrman Buba .
Doehrman Buba is one of the most experienced , well - regarded , and successful personal injury law firms in the Indianapolis , IN area .
We understand the nuances of personal injury cases and we are passionate about giving individual attention to our clients .
With our help , many of our clients have recovered substantial awards of monetary compensation that have helped them put their lives back together .
We will aggressively pursue your case with dedicated attention and care , to ensure that you receive the compensation you deserve .
Call for a free consultation today at 866-658-1835 .
Syria bans face veils at universities Published duration 19 July 2010
image caption Wearing the full veil has caused controversy in Europe and the Middle East
Female students wearing a full face veil will be barred from Syrian university campuses , the country 's minister of higher education has said .
Ghiyath Barakat was reported to have said that the practice ran counter to the academic values and traditions of Syrian universities .
His ruling , published on the All4Syria website , was said to be in response to requests from students and parents .
The issue of full face veils has caused controversy in other countries .
Kinda al - Shammat , a law professor and women 's rights activist in Damascus , welcomed the decision and said it was in line with the Syrian belief in moderation .
" We have never gone to the extreme left or the extreme right , " she told Al - Arabiya TV .
Secular identity
However the BBC's Lina Sinjab in Damascus says the ruling could be a sign that Syrian Society is becoming more conservative .
" In recent years , Syria has witnessed an Islamic revival with more and more women wearing the Hijab , " she reports .
" This decision could be seen as a step by the government to enforce its secular identity . "
In 2009 , Egypt 's then foremost Muslim cleric , Sheikh Mohammed Sayed Tantawi , barred female students from wearing the full - face veil at the al - Azhar University , Sunni Islam 's centre of learning and scholarship .
He also upset other Muslim scholars by saying French Muslims should obey any law that France might enact banning the veil .
Earlier this month , France 's lower house of parliament overwhelmingly approved a bill that would ban wearing the Islamic full veil in public .
It must be ratified by the Senate in September to become law .
KARACHI , Pakistan —
At the far end of a quiet , unpaved alley on the periphery of Karachi , in the shadow of a mosque affiliated with the outlawed sectarian outfit , Sipah - e - Sahaba , a small , nondescript two - storied structure houses a coed elementary school that offers classes in English , Urdu , mathematics , social studies , religion , and drawing .
In a way , the two organizations vie for the allegiance of the children of the conservative local population : Pathans , mostly Mehsuds of Waziristan , the troubled scrim of Pakistan bordering Afghanistan .
Women in Waziristan rarely leave their houses , much less read or write .
In this school , however , they run things .
There are three rooms inside , arranged around a neat , open - air courtyard .
A wizened old lady presides on a bedstead in one .
When her husband died a few years back , leaving her to raise three children , she was convinced by a representative of FLAME — an acronym for Friends of Literary and Mass Education — to open a school in her house .
While the matriarch ’s son , a bearded fellow who wears a skullcap , only reluctantly conceded , her moon - faced daughters , both matriculate , readily signed up to teach the 55 students , mostly girls .
It was a small revolution .
Although the students seem shy at a glance — the girls cover their heads with traditional scarves — they stand up when called on .
A 6 - year - old boy with his hair combed to one side explained the philosophy of multiplication — when you get down to it , multiplication is basically addition , he said — before solving equations in his workbook , while another displayed proficient portraits and drawings depicting urban landscapes .
One student , a 10 - year - old girl named Aksa , read a passage in English faster than most newscasters : “ Aunty Sadori was shaping a pot .
[ The wheel ] went round and round .
While the wheel was moving she shaped the pot with both hands .
It was fun to watch . ”
She proceeded to read , in the same breathless manner , passages in Urdu and Sindhi .
At 10 , Aksa speaks four languages .
Although education at FLAME schools is practically free , area parents have to be independently counseled by a teacher or field coordinator to convince them to dispatch their children to the school .
The field coordinator for the area , an articulate Sindhi named Ahmed Hussain , said that Pathans often refuse to send their girls to government schools where there are men on the staff , whether teachers or plumbers .
Many are even wary of him .
“ Some parents , some teachers even , have never met a man who is not from their clan .
I have to explain myself , explain the importance of education , explain FLAME , ” he said .
The dynamics , however , of each neighborhood and each demographic are different .
The Baluchis , for instance , are said to be even more conservative than the Pathans .
In another home school 20 minutes away , the Baluchi teacher had her face covered .
On the other hand , in a school in the Shia neighborhood of Pipri — populated by Shia Pathans , Sindhis and Punjabis — Hussain said the hijab was n’t the problem .
There simply are n’t many functioning government schools in the area .
Owing to the poor social services infrastructure in parts of Pakistan , initiatives such as FLAME have multiplied over the years .
From the uncanny Edhi and Chippa ambulance services in Karachi to the health , education and poverty alleviation programs of HANDS to the formidable network of low - cost schools operated by The Citizen ’s Foundation , individuals and donors have stepped up to the plate .
And there are private sector initiatives as well .
Nasra School , for instance , which began in a garage five decades ago , has become the largest private school in Karachi under the aegis of Kaniz Wajid Khan and Zohra Karim .
In the last four years , it has expanded to two more campuses in far - flung areas of the city — North Karachi and National Highway — and now educates some 12,000 students .
Though not unique , FLAME is a remarkable startup venture .
Started in earnest in 2004 by Mansoor Alam , a retired diplomat , it is becoming a phenomenon .
“ I wanted to use a low - cost model for basic education , for the poorest the poor .
But even that requires money , ” he said .
Initially , Alam solicited funds from his extended family .
The Japanese Embassy in Islamabad subsequently furnished a one - time grant of $ 33,000 .
The government of Sind and the Italian government have also recently become involved in the effort .
Most funds , however , are raised from private local donors and diaspora Pakistanis .
At present , FLAME accommodates some 12,000 students — about 7,800 are girls — in and around lower - income cantons of Pakistan .
In addition to providing blackboards , textbooks , uniforms and paying utilities and teachers ’ salaries , FLAME regularly dispatches “ mobile health units ” to each school .
The unit comprises two or three women doctors who hold a clinic to treat common ailments , from bruises and cuts to coughs , colds and the flu .
While administrating Calpol syrup , a 20 - something doctor at the school in the Pathan neighborhood said the mobile health units not only encourage the students to maintain hygiene but also to attend school .
After all , it ’s free health care , she said .
The teachers also avail of the service ; it motivates them as well .
“ Education changes motivations , objectives , and perceptions , ” said Alam .
“ The girls who attend school start thinking differently .
Their world becomes bigger .
And the boys also have more options than just going to madrassas . ”
Contingent on funding , Alam plans to expand FLAME ’s network to a whopping 10,000 “ non-formal basic education schools ” in the next five years .
It ’s an ambitious target and the organization faces many challenges : funding , issues of scale and teacher training .
Not to mention many critics .
October 2001 / The New C
In C99 , the bounds of an array can now be a run-time expression .
Such arrays are called variable length arrays or VLAs for short .
VLAs can simplify storage management in a program and allow the use of the normal array notation even when the problem to be solved requires arrays to have different sizes at different times .
To appreciate VLAs , you need to understand the problems in C90 that they remedy .
To understand the problems and the way that VLAs work , you need to understand the relationship between pointers and arrays in C .
This months column concentrates on the above topics .
Next month , VLAs will be presented in their entirety .
Pointers and Arrays
If you ask programmers to name the greatest strength of C , many of them will say pointers .
There is good reason for this , since pointers in C have the following four powerful features :
Pointers in C are strongly typed .
The type of a pointer includes the type of the object pointed to .
Thus , if you dereference a pointer to float , you get a float .
Pointers in C are an orthogonal part of the type system .
You can have pointers to pointers , arrays of pointers , and even pointers to entire arrays .
C has pointer arithmetic .
You can add or subtract an integer from a pointer to get a pointer to a different object .
You can subtract two pointers to get the integer distance ( or offset ) between the objects pointed to .
Pointers and pointer arithmetic are portable and shield the programmer from hardware differences .
Unless a programmer is doing exceptional things , pointers and pointer arithmetic can be used without knowing the size in bytes of objects or their alignment requirements .
( The exceptional things requiring such knowledge in C usually involve casts between pointers and integers or between different pointer types . )
In fact , pointers in C are usually as portable as arrays in other languages .
( The reason for this will be obvious shortly . )
While other languages have one or more of these pointer features , C was the first language to have them all .
For example , some earlier systems implementation languages had pointer arithmetic , but that pointer arithmetic involved adding or subtracting the correct offset in bytes between objects .
If C had adopted this model , then incrementing a pointer to an int would look like p + sizeof ( int ) .
Instead , pointer arithmetic in C automatically multiplies the integer added or subtracted from a pointer by the size of the object being pointed to .
When two pointers are subtracted , the result is automatically divided by the size of the objects .
Without the automatic multiplying and dividing in C pointer arithmetic , programmers would have a little more work to do , have a few more chances for error , and have a needless temptation to write non-portable code .
( Lazy programmers might tire of typing sizeof ( int ) when they could just type 4 . )
One of the consequences of Cs pointer arithmetic was that arrays and pointers became interrelated concepts .
In the definition of C , the [ ] operator is defined in terms of pointer arithmetic : a [ i ] means the same as *( a + i ) .
In turn , pointer arithmetic is defined in terms of the storage layout of arrays .
If a pointer p points to an element of an array , then adding n to the pointer makes it point at the nth element following the original one .
The equivalence of indexing and pointer arithmetic answers one of the common questions asked by new C programmers ,  Why do array indexes start at zero rather than one ? 
If pointer p points at the first element of an array , then p + 0 still points at that first element .
Since an array name is just a pointer to the first element of the array when used with the index operator , and since indexing is by definition pointer arithmetic , a [ 0 ] must reference the first element of the array a .
Pointers are also very important to the processing of arrays .
Since arrays cannot be passed by value to a function , a function that operates on an array is passed a pointer to the first element of the array .
The language facilitates this by automatically rewriting the type of a parameter declared to be an array into a pointer to the arrays element type .
An array name used as an argument to a function is automatically converted to a pointer to the first element of the array .
A pointer may be indexed by the [ ] operator since pointer arithmetic is the same for both arrays and pointers .
The relationship between arrays and pointers is such that it really doesnt matter whether code operating on an array  is really dealing with an array or a pointer to the first element of an array .
Problems with Arrays
Given that pointers are one of the strongest features of C , and that arrays are closely tied to pointers , it is surprising that C90 arrays are somewhat weak compared to other languages .
The source of this weakness is two places in C90 where the size of objects must be known at compile time .
Interestingly , these places hardly affect single dimension arrays , but greatly impact multidimensional arrays .
The first place is that the size of all types must be known at compile time .
( There are incomplete types , not discussed further in this article , whose size need not be known at compile time , but their use is so restricted that you can neither fetch or store a value of incomplete type . )
This means that you cannot declare an array whose size varies with the needs of the program as it runs .
However , if you only need a single dimensional array , you can get the effect of an array with variable bounds by dynamically allocating it .
For example , the following dynamically allocates an array of n floats and initializes all of the elements with 1.0 .
float * a ; a = malloc(n * sizeof ( float ) ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < n ; ++i ) a [ i ] = 1.0 ;
Note that even though a is a pointer , it can be indexed like an array using the [ ] operator because of the definition of [ ] in terms of pointer arithmetic .
This approach works well for single dimensional arrays because , even though we have to dynamically allocate and free the storage ourselves , we can pretend that our pointer is an array in the rest of the code .
Unfortunately , this does not work as well for multidimensional arrays , which brings us to the to the second place where C90 requires the size of objects to be a compile - time constant : pointer arithmetic .
The above code works because we do not need to know the size of the entire array to index into it , only the size of an element .
However , if you have a two - dimensional array with bounds m and n , int a [m ] [ n ] , that means that a is an array of [ m ] elements each of which is an array of [ n ] ints .
Evaluating the expression a [ i ] requires knowing the size of the element type , which is the size of an array of [ n ] ints .
Since n is a run-time expression , the size of the array that is an element of the multidimensional array is a run-time expression , and it becomes impossible to calculate the first index operator given the restrictions in C90 .
The workaround in C90 for this problem is to take over not only the storage management of the multidimensional array , but its index calculations as well .
The code looks like :
float * a ; a = malloc( m * n * sizeof ( float ) ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < m ; ++i ) for ( j = 0 ; j < n ; ++j ) a [ i*n + j ] = 1.0 ;
Note that uses of this multidimensional array do not look very natural .
Instead of having two indexes for the two - dimensional array , we only have one .
We manually have to multiply the first index by the number of elements in the second dimension , since each index value of the first dimension means skipping over the number of elements in the second dimension .
The index expression looks ugly and gets uglier if there are more than two dimensions .
In a three - dimensional array with bounds [ L ] [ M ] [ N ] , the first index is multiplied by M*N and the second index is multiplied by N .
The C90 requirements for compile - time constant array bounds results in exactly the sorts of manual multiplies , verbosity , and opportunities for error that C so cleverly avoided in pointer arithmetic .
Enter Variable Length Arrays
C99 remedies these problems by adding variable length arrays to C. Given that pointers are important to the processing of arrays , C99 also adds pointers to variable length arrays and permits pointer arithmetic where the size of the object being pointed to is only known at run time .
The sizeof operator is evaluated at run time if you apply it to a variable length array .
( It is still evaluated at compile time if its argument is not a VLA . )
These changes mean that the natural array notation can be used even if the bounds of even a multidimensional array are all run-time expressions .
Similar to previous examples ,
void f( int m , int n ) { float a[m ] [ n ] ; int i , j ; for ( i = 0 ; i < m ; ++i ) for ( j = 0 ; j < n ; ++j ) a [ i ] [ j ] = 1.0 ; }
The correct amount of storage for a VLA is automatically allocated when the block containing the array is entered and the declaration of the VLA is reached ; the storage is automatically deallocated when leaving the block .
Thus , VLAs can simplify storage management of programs since some uses that required manual use of malloc and free in C90 can be replaced by VLAs .
For example , instead of code like :
void process ( int n ) { //
Set up a buffer of n characters char * b = malloc( n ) ; // do the work ... // free the buffer free ( b ) ; }
you could write :
void process ( int n ) { //
Set up a buffer of n characters char b[n ] ; // do the work ... }
The addition of variable length arrays to C99 finally gives arrays the same flexibility and elegance that pointer types in C have traditionally had .
The compiler now automatically handles the storage management and the complexities of index calculations of arrays whose bounds are not compile - time constants .
The result is that programmers can use the natural array notation even when the size of arrays is only known at run time .
Next months column will cover the full semantics of variable length arrays and pointers to variably length arrays , including variable length arrays that are function parameters .
Randy Meyers is consultant providing training and mentoring in C , C++ , and Java .
He is the current chair of J11 , the ANSI C committee , and previously was a member of J16 ( ANSI C++ ) and the ISO Java Study Group .
He worked on compilers for Digital Equipment Corporation for 16 years and was Project Architect for DEC C and C ++.
He can be reached at [ email protected ] .
Valve has announced another of their titles have reached the OS X platform , as Day of Defeat : Source is now available for Mac users to purchase , download and play on Steam .
The title offers intense online action gameplay Set in Europe during WWII , DoD:S brings online multiplayer shooting action .
Players can take the role of infantry , sniper or machine - gunner classes , and more .
With the release , most of Valve ’s key titles have made their way onto Mac , save of course the forthcoming Left 4 Dead titles .
Day of Defeat : Source is available for both PC and Mac at $ 10 .
rekonq 2.4.2
- clear urlbar action added
- global zoom settings added
- faster suggestions in the urlbar
- work around favicons
- default tab width changed
- doc update
- bugfixes
rekonq 2.4.0
- added a simple ssh sync handler
- adblock improvements
- work on startup settings : load important things before , UI and then last things in the background
- bugfixing
rekonq 2.3.2
- bugxifing
rekonq 2.3.0
- bookmarks && history panels
- work on web view contextual menus
- activities support ( at least being activities aware on opening windows )
- activity daemon support ( notifying there url && window title )
- private browsing : stop saving sessions ( fix ) && sharing sessions cookies by tabs of the same window
- open url as webapp option
- session saving ( load / save / rename sessions )
- some work on respecting one more of the thousand millions kde " wide " settings
- urlbar look change ( not finished ) .
SSL icon on the left as major browsers .
coloring url text ( yet ) missing
- Favorites ( fast ) management , the " opera " way ( bye bye " love " icon )
- appmenu -qt support
- fixes fixes fixes .
Kevin Rudd has confirmed he has been sounded out about the possibility of a job with the United Nations , but says he is still committed to serving a full term if re-elected as MP for the Brisbane seat of Griffith .
Mr Rudd recently met UN chief Ban Ki-Moon in New York and today a spokesman for the former prime minister said the two men had discussed the possibility of Mr Rudd taking a job with the UN .
The statement from Mr Rudd 's office said Mr Ban phoned Mr Rudd a couple of weeks ago and " among other matters " raised the idea of Mr Rudd being appointed to a UN panel dealing with development issues .
The statement says the panel would only meet three times a year .
" Membership of any such panel would not be based in New York , " the statement says .
" Given that such panel membership involves limited meetings and does not require any residency abroad , should Mr Rudd be appointed to such a panel it would not cause any impediment to him discharging his responsibilities as a local Member of Parliament or as a minister in a future Labor government should the government be re-elected . "
Campaigning at a primary school in his Brisbane electorate yesterday , Mr Rudd ignored questions from the media and said only that he would be campaigning on local issues during the election campaign .
Further attention has focused on Mr Rudd today after further reports surfaced over deals supposedly made between him and Julia Gillard the night before he was ousted as prime minister .
The Australian has published a diplomatic cable from the New Zealand High Commission in Canberra which says Mr Rudd " has apparently conveniently forgotten that the ' deal ' struck in advance of the leadership spill was that he would stand down immediately " .
Bomb scare on Air France jet flying same route where 228 died last summer
An Air France jet flying on a route which claimed hundreds of lives last summer was forced into an emerged landing today following a bomb scare .
The jumbo jet had 405 passengers and 18 crew on board when it received a warning three hours into a flight from Rio de Janeiro and Paris .
An Air France Airbus A330 flying exactly the same route on June 1st last year crashed off Brazil en route for France , killing all 228 people on board .
Brazilian Navy divers retrieve a part of the rudder from the Air France A330 aircraft which crashed into the Atlantic last summer , killing all 228 people on board
The exact cause of the tragedy – the worst in the airline ’s 75 year history – has not yet been established , but foul play , including terrorism , has largely been ruled out .
This time round the pilot was told to land at Recife in Brazil for an inspection of the aircraft , with all passengers being told to evacuate .
A woman had telephoned the warning to the Galeao Antonio Carlos Jobim airport in Rio
‘ The crew of flight AF 443 Rio-Paris was informed during the flight that there could be an explosive device on board , ’ said an Air France spokesman , who said the plane had three pilots and 15 flight attendants on board .
He said the bomb threat has been radioed on to the plane , which landed at around 3.45 am local time .
Recife airport was closed for around an hour before landing so that the emergency services could prepare for the landing .
The search of the aircraft and all luggage on board did not find a single trace of explosives , said the Air France spokesman .
It was due to resume its journey to France later today .
Despite a massive search in the Atlantic , the black boxes of the Air France plane which crashed last summer have still not been found , meaning the exact cause of the tragedy may never be fully established .
We 're delighted to report that the RAF have shown Russian donkey dangler Vasily Gorobets - the man responsible for the Sea of Azov airborne ass - just how it 's really done .
Gorobets defiantly laughed in the face of international outrage at his asinine parasailing stunt , and declared : " I 'm a hero .
Nobody has ever flown a donkey before . "
Pah .
If you want to do it in style , try slinging a horse under a Sea King helicopter .
Yes indeed , it 's pints all round for the flyboys of RAF Boulmer who last week hauled the beast from mud close to Holy Island causeway .
The poor creature was trapped for three hours as the rising tide threatened to dispatch it to the great pasture in the sky .
All attempts to free the animal having failed , the RAF was on hand to airlift the ailing equine to safety , in the process demonstrating that while any idiot can hitch a donkey to a parasail , it takes proper class to pull off a flying horse .* ®
Bootnote
* We were going to rephrase that , but then images of a youthful Brigitte Bardot inexplicably came to mind .
Thanks to Stephen Lloyd for the tip - off .
Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren Are Powerful Voices for the Left * Hillary Clinton may be the front - runner , but the tandem of Bernie Sanders and Elizab ...
5 years ago
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
When it comes to the mobile web , the technology industry seems to be split between two camps — native apps and HTML5 web - based apps .
But the bitterly debated subject might be moot if a small Los Altos , Calif . –based startup called Strobe Inc. has anything to do with it .
Strobe is developing an HTML5 - focused platform and a set of cloud services that allow companies to leverage the open - source SproutCore framework and develop applications for mobile devices .
And it happens to be one of the more exciting new startups I have talked to in recent days .
Using a combination of open standards , open - source software and some old - fashioned chutzpah , the company is poised to ride a massive wave of convergence between the web and mobile devices .
Jolley Good
Strobe was founded two months ago by Charles Jolley , a well - known developer who recently left his job as JavaScript Frameworks Manager at Apple ’s MobileMe .
Jolley started working on the SproutCore framework in 2005 as part of his startup Sproutit , which made a web - based email application called Mailroom .
The framework was open source .
In 2006 , he started working for Apple ( s AAPL ) , where he was able to put the framework to use in Apple ’s MobileMe , iWork and the concierge service on the website for Apple ’s retail store , while continuing to contribute back to the open - source SproutCore project .
SproutCore is an HTML5 application framework for building responsive , desktop - caliber apps in any modern web browser , without plugins .
SproutCore works by doing the only thing that can truly eliminate the latency problem : it moves your business logic to the client .
SproutCore applications are full - fledged programs , written in JavaScript .
That JavaScript executes in your user ’s browser , freeing up your servers ( and server engineers ) to focus on what ’s most important in a cloud application : delivering users ’ data as quickly and reliably as possible .
But SproutCore is n’t your mama ’s JavaScript library .
It is n’t meant to augment existing web pages .
It is n’t meant to add animation to documents .
SproutCore is a tool for building applications .
It has more in common with Cocoa or .NET than jQuery or MooTools .
Because of that , SproutCore will change the way you think about building web apps .
[ From the SproutCore website . ]
The iPad Made Me Do It
When I asked him about his decision to jump into the entrepreneurial waters again , he pointed to the iPad as a catalyst .
“ It is the perfect web device , ” he said .
In a blog post announcing his decision to leave Apple , Jolley wrote :
Every so often a few technology trends converge that yield results much greater than their individual parts .
I think we have reached one of those moments with mobile devices ( like the iPad ) and HTML5 .
In many ways , the iPad is the perfect web device .
It ’s a lean - back experience optimized around consuming content .
With HTML5 ( which mobile Safari does better than just about anything else ) , the kind of experience you can create on these devices is just really spectacular .
You only need to use the NPR demo we wrote earlier this year for a few minutes to realize this is obviously the future of software .?
For this reason , I decided about a month ago to leave Apple and form a new company centered around helping companies bring great native - style app experiences to mobile device[s ] .?
As Jolley notes , SproutCore has emerged at a good time — mobile browsers are becoming very powerful and have developed the ability to leverage the hardware oomph provided by processors powering mobile devices .
Strobe offers GUI - based cloud applications and services to create HTML5 apps .
Jolley says the company will focus on many different verticals in the long run , but for now it is starting off by developing tools and services to help the publishing industry build a new , seamless content experience that spans the web and mobile landscapes .
While its core framework is open sourced , Strobe charges its customers , typically large media companies , for value - added offerings .
Strobe provides SproutCore and a shared - source digital reader application for free , which publishers can skin and customize for touch devices such as iPhone , iPad and Android phones .
The reader blends HTML5 and native code , which means the same look and feel is maintained across the web and the native apps .
“ Our bet is that once publishers are using the digital reader platform , they will also turn on some of our premium services , ” Jolley notes .
He says the company is currently working on a series of premium cloud services that can optimize the reading experience and help publishers drive revenue .
“ For example , we are working on a “ front page optimizer ” that can automatically reorganize the stories on the front page of a newspaper or content site based on which ones are most popular , ” he says .
” Our bet is that once publishers are using the digital reader platform , they will also turn on some of our premium services . ”
The idea has been a hit with publishers , enough that Jolley has put the idea of raising capital for his self - funded company on hold for now .
He is also keeping the names of his customers under wraps .
“ I ca n’t tell you names , but we have signed a few and they are all household brands , ” he says .
“ You will see something from them by at least early next year . ”
The Blended Brew
Apps have become a preferred way of accessing information on mobile devices .
But developers want to provide a unified experience , and that is why Jolley believes that we will soon have apps that use HTML5 inside a native app wrapper .
“ People are looking for an either / or solution , but it is not going to end up like that , ” he said .
Think of Strobe ’s offerings as a way to create an experience that is a blend of HTML5 and native mobile apps .
How this works is that an application is developed in HTML5 instead of proprietary formats .
It is wrapped in a native app wrapper for , say , the iPhone , but when accessed through a web browser on a PC or any other device , like tablet , it offers the same user experience .
This is a good way to solve a problem that is only going to get compounded many fold as multiple endpoints for content start to emerge .
The co-existence of web and native apps also means content publishers need to think differently about content and how it is offered to consumers .
The multiplicity of endpoints ( iPhone , iPad , TV and PC ) is going to force content producers to think differently about how they build the user experiences for different sets of screens .
Jolley argues that the best way to do so is to stop taking a document - centric view that is part of the PC - era .
In the touch - based mobile device era , folks need to think of ways to have a single technology stack married to the ability to create unique experiences for different devices .
And if you do that , there is no doubt that HTML5 and native apps can live in harmony .
Related from GigaOM
Pro ( sub req ’d ) : HTML5 ’s a Game Changer for Web Apps
Photo of SproutCore Demo courtesy of Wikipedia .
Late Night With David Letterman last night Sylvester Stallone talked about the upcoming movie The Expendables , his broken neck , Arnold Swarchenegger , Bruce Willis and made comments of how Randy is such a bad ass .
“ If you put all these tough guys from the movie in a room together to see who would walk out , and came back in the room 10 min later you ’d see randy couture sitting on top of us all having a chocolate fudge sunday . ”
I caught up with Bulls guard Derrick Rose at practices with Team USA as the squad prepares for the World Championships in Turkey this September .
Q : What have you been up to this summer since the last time we talked to you a couple months ago ?
DR : A lot .
I 've just been working on my game .
Hopefully , you see it .
I 've just been working on my shot , getting everything better and it 's coming along .
Q : You and [ assistant coach ]
Randy Brown are always working on your long - distance game after practice , but do you feel as confident as you ever have that you can start of the season draining 3s ?
DR : I think that I can .
The way that I 've been shooting the ball lately , it 's pretty good .
I 've got a lot more confidence and that 's all you need and hopefully they drop .
Q : Is your long - range shot the one thing you 've focused on most this summer ?
DR : Definitely .
Just working on my shot .
I know that if I extend that , I 'll be a tough player to guard in the NBA and it will open other people up .
Q : Free agency is obviously still going on -- what do you think of the moves that you guys have made up to this point ?
DR : I think we made the right moves .
We got [ Carlos ]
Boozer for the half - court game in the playoffs .
The fast paced game is not always going to be on your side , so we got somebody we can throw it to in the post .
With [ Ronnie ]
Brewer and with [ Kyle ] Korver , [ they are ] just guys that like running , shooting , athletic slashers and C.J. Watson who just signed , he 's a guy who can run the one and the two .
And he 's the type of player where he 's smart .
I hear he 's a good guy and we need him .
Q : Are you looking forward to working the pick - and - roll with Boozer all season long .
Have you talked to him about it ?
DR : ( Laughs ) I would n't say all season long , but as long as they want me to I 'm going to do it .
Q : Let 's set the record straight now :
Did you talk to LeBron at all over the course of the last couple months ?
DR : I texted him .
I texted him a little bit , but did n't really do any recruiting .
I really did n't know what was going on .
I think he did n't know what was going on until the end .
[ James , Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh ] were just having fun being recruited and they 're the type of people that like it .
Q : Do you regret that at all not going out more and calling him and putting more of a recruiting pitch together for him ?
Do you care how that is perceived ?
DR : I would n't say that .
If anyone knows me , especially in my hometown , they know that I do n't like being in the public like that or getting all the attention like that .
To me I think it was a no - brainer , so he made the decision .
Q : A no -brainer for him to come to Chicago ?
DR : Yeah .
Q : Were you surprised he did n't come to Chicago ?
DR : Yeah , but the season must continue .
It 's just going to be fun .
The [ Eastern Conference ] is just going to be fun this year , but it 's going to be tough .
Q : Did you talk to Wade or Bosh at all ?
DR : I talked to Bosh , I did n't talk to Wade .
Q : When you talked to Bosh did you get the sense that he was coming to Chicago ?
DR : A little bit .
A little bit , then he went to Miami , so it must have been something else .
Q : I know how competitive you are , how much are you now looking forward to facing the Heat ?
DR : I can't wait .
Great players playing great games , show up in great games .
For a game , for them to all be on that team it 's going to be ... every time they play somebody 's going to be chasing them .
Q : There was so much made of free agency , is there a part of you now that 's even more comfortable and confident knowing that this is now your team for as long as you play in Chicago , especially since another big name did n't come in ?
DR : I would n't say that .
It makes me feel a little bit better that they really believe in me and have trust in me about decisions that they make .
It just means a lot man .
A little guy coming from the southside of Chicago got his own team .
It shows that just hard work and dedication really pays off .
Q : Do you feel at all like you 've taken that mantle over for Michael now ?
DR : Noooo . ( Laughs )
I 'm not even near him , not in the same shoes as him , not even close to him .
Not even be mentioned with his name .
Not yet .
Until I win a couple of championships , so until that day , that 's when you could even mention my name with his .
Q : In terms of being the face of the Chicago Bulls though , you know that 's you now going forward ...
DR : Yeah , I know that .
It should be a good thing .
It 's something I 'm not scared of .
That 's why you play the game .
Q : Did you see the comments he made at the golf tournament on Sunday about how he would n't have called up Magic [ Johnson ] and Larry [ Bird ] about playing on the same team ?
DR : ( Shakes head ) Honestly ?
Are you for real ?
Q : ( Explains story )
In other words , do you want to be the guy on your team ?
DR : Yeah , why would n't I want to be .
That 's the point of playing the game .
That 's the greatest thing right now .
I came to a team where they did n't make the playoffs , not for a couple of years .
No one was really interested in the Bulls like that in Chicago , not like [ it was ] .
And I 'm making it back exciting .
I 'm from Chicago , it would mean a lot if I would just bring back one championship there .
Or even get past the first round , the city would go crazy .
So for me to even bring that team back to like the old days , it would mean so much to this city .
Q : Is there an amount of personal pride that goes into that since , like you said , you are a Chicago kid ?
DR : Yeah , I want to be that guy .
I want to be that guy that does that .
Q : In other words , you do n't want to be mentioned with Jordan , but you want to fill his shoes ?
DR : Yeah , I want to be that guy .
I want to be the reason why the Bulls are back to what they were 10 , 12 years ago or something like that .
Q : What has your brief experience with coach [ Tom ] Thibodeau been like up to this point ?
DR : He 's been good with me .
He 's a guy who 's a workaholic , staying in the office all day .
I 'll go shoot in the morning , he 's always in the office all the way ' til 10 o'clock , 11 o'clock at night and he knows his stuff .
Q : Have you guys already had a couple late - night film sessions ?
DR : ( Laughs ) Nah , it was n't anything like that , but he called me at a decent hour and it was fine .
Absolutely fantastic game !
The gameplay is fascinating and educational , a lot of this reminded me of Biology class !
Well , some of it ...
I do n't remember a whole lot in all honesty , but anyways it 's always an admirable accomplishment when a game is not only entertaining but also teaches you something !
The graphics are n't the greatest , and some of the controls and admiration could use some fine - tuning , but we 're talking about a free flash game from over 7 years ago !
I even got a couple giggles from the writing !
Fantastic job , truly , this game was a pleasure to play and I was glued right to the end !
The National Film Preservation Foundation and the New Zealand Film Archive on Monday plan to announce the formation of a partnership to preserve and make available a collection of 75 silent films that have been unavailable for decades .
All of these rare films , made in the U.S. , are on highly volatile , hazardous nitrate stock .
FOR THE RECORD :
Film preservation :
An article in Monday ’s Calendar section about plans to preserve and make available a collection of 75 silent films misspelled the last name of Brian Meacham , the short film preservationist at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , as Meachum on one reference . —
The crown jewel of the collection is “ Upstream , ” a “ lost ” John Ford silent from 1927 about a romance between a Shakespearean actor and a girl from a knife - throwing act .
Only 15 % of the silent films made by Ford , who won four Oscars , including for “ The Grapes of Wrath ” and “ How Green Was My Valley , ” survive .
Also featured in the collection is a trailer for the long lost 1929 Ford film “ Strong Boy , ” starring Victor McLaglen .
Other finds include “ Maytime , ” a 1923 silent starring a young Clara Bow ; the first surviving film directed by and starring Mabel Normand ; an episode of the serial “ The Active Life of Dolly of the Dailies , ” starring Mary Fuller as a female reporter ; plus comedies ; westerns ; industrial films ; documentaries ; and newsreels .
About 70 % of the films are complete ; the earliest , a promotional film for the Southern Pacific Railroad , dates to 1898 .
These films , which will cost more than $ 500,000 to preserve , are being divided among the five major American silent film archives : the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , the George Eastman House , the Library of Congress , the Museum of Modern Art and the UCLA Film & Television Archive .
Very few films from the silent era still exist , says Annette Melville , director of the National Film Preservation Foundation , the nonprofit charitable affiliate of the National Film Preservation Board of the Library of Congress .
“ We know looking at the feature films only about 20 % exist , ” she says .
“ We think fewer of the shorter films survive .
Our major job is to give out grants to American archives to save their films . ”
The New Zealand partnership is part of a current trend of “ film repatriation , ” in which movies are returned to the country of origin .
Three years ago , the National Film and Sound Archive of Australia and the NFPF worked to bring back films considered lost in the U.S. , using copies made for the Australian archive .
The same is holding true with New Zealand .
These rare films were in the archives because they were on the last rung of the studio distribution list .
“ The prints were supposed to be destroyed at the end of the distribution runs , ” says Melville .
“ It was not worth the trouble or money to send back these beat - up prints .
But some of these films were squirreled away and ended up in the international archives . ”
New Zealand archivist Steve Russell said in an e-mail interview that this repatriation began just last July when Brian Meacham , the short film preservationist at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , was on vacation in that country and visited the archive one day .
“ The conversation inevitably turned to what films we hold in our collection .
Brian ’s interest was definitely excited upon learning the film archive held a number of non-New Zealand titles , primarily early nitrate films , including a substantial number of American films . ”
Meacham ’s interest grew when he learned that the New Zealand archive “ had a long - standing commitment to the repatriation of its foreign collection to their countries of origin , ” says Russell , “ and would be more than happy to work with the NFPF and its American colleague archives . ”
After the New Zealand archive sent the National Film Preservation Foundation a list of tittles , the foundation sent Meachum and another archivist there to inventory and analyze the movies .
A list of the films that were in the best shape was sent to the five archives .
“ We tried to pull stuff that seemed germane to each other ’s collections , ” says the academy ’s Mike Pogorzelski .
“ It went very smoothly . ”
“ Upstream ” is being restored in New Zealand , and because it is considered so valuable , multiple copies will be made before it is sent off to Los Angeles .
The academy plans to screen “ Upstream ” on Sept. 1 as part of its “ Lost and Found ” series .
“ The most important thing to take away from this is that these films are still out there , ” says Pogorzelski .
“ Lost films can still be found . ”
For more information , go to https://www.filmpreservation.org and https://www.filmarchive.org.nz.
PLANT CITY , Fla . --
She registered another perfect pitching record this year , 12 - 0 , for her Little League team .
She threw her second perfect game -- and predicted this one just hours before she did it .
Her fastball hits the mid-60s , and she can send opponents to the bench in tears , embarrassing them with a knuckleball she learned from former major league knuckleball legend Joe Niekro .
Meet Chelsea Baker , a girl pitcher in a boys ' league .
Chelsea
Baker says she uses the negative comments she hears from opposing players and their parents as motivation .
J. Edwards
Heads are turning in Plant City , where Chelsea has n't lost a sanctioned Little League game in four seasons .
Although it is a little early to call the 13 - year - old the next big thing in baseball , she 's a sought - after pitcher who has the attention of respected talent evaluators , including former Boston Red Sox general manager Dan Duquette .
They see grand possibilities in her developing knuckleball , already - hopping fastball and strong hitting skills that sparked a .604 batting average this past season .
" She is definitely one - of - a- kind , " said Keith Maxwell , one of her coaches and a former minor leaguer who coaches Little Leaguers across several states .
" I 've had an opportunity to play with some girls coming up in Little League , and they were actually pretty good ballplayers .
Some of them actually made all - star teams and that kind of stuff .
Chelsea is on a whole different planet compared to them .
" Chelsea Baker is by far the best female 13 - year - old girl [ baseball player ] in the United States .
She is the best I 've ever seen in my life hands down .
The sky is the limit . "
Baseball until she no longer wins
It 's baseball , and it will be that way so long as Chelsea has a say .
" I do n't like to play softball , " she said .
Opponents ' parents often remark about Chelsea -- not always quietly or kindly .
The most common : " ' Go play softball with the girls ' -- we get that a lot , and we have gotten that a lot over the last three years , " her mother , Missy Mason Baker , said .
" ' When is she going to move to softball ? '
At some point , maybe she might have to go play softball , but right now as good as she is doing and she is able to keep up and that is her goal , I am going to stand behind her and let her continue playing baseball as long as possible . "
" She tried softball , " said Rod Mason , her stepfather and coach .
" She does n't like it , so baseball is her deal . "
His thoughts about when softball may enter the picture : " When she ca n't strike out little Johnny no more . "
Such talk does not affect her , Chelsea said ; it just motivates her .
" I think they say stuff like that because they are jealous , " she said .
Chelsea 's Little League teams are 95 - 8 - 2 the past four years with three city championships , one city championship runner - up , two tournament of champions titles and two District IV championships .
She struck out 127 batters in 60 innings this year .
I have been trying not to be too hard on the Obama Administration regarding their bungling of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill .
After all , this is Obama ’s first real job and he ’s a lawyer , not an engineer .
It turns out that my forbearance in criticizing the Obama administration over this issue was largely unearned .
Three days after the explosion , the Dutch government offered to assist the United States by sending ships equipped with oil - skimming booms .
It also provided a plan for creating sand barriers to protect the sensitive marshlands of the Gulf coast .
According to Geert Visser , Consul General for the Netherlands in Houston “ The embassy got a nice letter from the administration that said , ‘ Thanks , but no thanks . ' ”
Almost seven weeks later , the administration finally relented and agreed to accept partial Dutch assistance with the cleanup .
The administration has not accepted Dutch ships , but has allowed the skimming booms to be airlifted from the Netherlands and deployed in the Gulf .
Part of the problem is the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 , also known as the Jones Act .
This act is a piece of protectionist legislation which requires that all goods transported by water between U.S. ports be carried in U.S. - flag ships , constructed in the United States , owned by U.S. citizens , and crewed by U.S. citizens and U.S. permanent residents .
The provisions of this act make it illegal for the Dutch to come to our aid .
Geert Visser was noticeably confused by the administrations intransigence in refusing Dutch assistance , “ What ’s wrong with accepting outside help ?
If there ’s a country that ’s experienced with building dikes and managing water , it ’s the Netherlands . ”
The government is also making it difficult for the Dutch to provide assistance in creating sand barriers to prevent the spilled oil from reaching the gulf shores .
Van Oord , a Dutch company and Deltares , a Dutch research institute provided plans to build 60 mile sand dikes and the government rebuffed their offer of assistance .
The government has now changed it ’s tune and has accepted the plan , but the Jones Act prevents the Dutch from operating in America ’s coastal waters .
The United States Maritime Administration could issue a waiver of the Jones Act limitations , and has done so several times in the past .
Doing so , however , would subject the Obama administration to criticism from labor unions who demand protection from global competition .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 9.0/10 ( 1 vote cast )
, 9.0 out of 10 based on 1 rating
-- Jamal Washington
Here at TOO , we have often noted that the heavily Jewish elite in America today does not particularly like the non-Jewish masses it controls , especially us Whites .
Several writers ( see , e.g. , here ) has also pointed to the way Jews have used blacks to advance the Jewish assault on the hated non-Jewish power structure in America .
One of the best accounts of this comes in a book by E. Michael Jones , The Jewish Revolutionary Spirit and Its Impact on World History .
There , Jones devotes eight chapters to telling the story of the way Jews executed their plan to “ carry the war into Africa ” by turning American Negroes into revolutionaries .
Some “ alliance . ”
In a way , however , that story is old hat .
A newer story involves how the burgeoning numbers of Hispanics are being manipulated into assaulting Whites .
My favorite blogger , Steve Sailer , shows how .
In MSM Buries Lead — American Majority Supports Arizona Law .
But Our Elites Do n’t Like
The American Majority , he begins by noting that
In modern America , Latinos often function as a sort of “ stage army ” for our elites .
They want Hispanics to intimidate — by sheer bulk of numbers — the citizenry and make resistance to elite projects appear historically hopeless .
The vast and seemingly always increasing quantities of Hispanics can be cited as justification for whatever a person in a position of influence wants to do .
. . .
I wonder if “ intimidate ” is not too weak a word for what we are seeing .
Evidence suggests that some parties seek to turn Hispanics in America into actual political murderers of “ gringos . ”
For example , a few years back , a spoof movie trailer called Machete was made .
Here is that original trailer .
In these anti-White times , such a murderous depiction of a war on Whites has lasting power , so the idea has now been turned into a movie .
Wikipedia already has an entry for it ( see here ) .
To emphasize the racial aspect of this film , a new message has been added to the beginning of the trailer .
The message threatens the people of Arizona for having passed a stringent law against illegal immigrants , mostly from Mexico .
Click on the video in the middle of this blog to hear Danny Trejo growl , “ This is Machete with a special Cinco de Mayo message — to Arizona ! ”
A consistent theme of TOO has been that the rise of hostile anti-White minorities with historical grudges presents enormous dangers for Whites , especially as we become a minority .
As in the cartoon below , high - minded Whites ( the Amy Biehl syndrome ) will not be spared .
Machete is yet another wake - up call on what the future holds for Whites–quite possibly , the very near future .
Alex Jones bluntly called this film a rallying cry for race war in America .
Later , he claimed that two anonymous Hispanic crew members alerted him to the extent of the anti-White scenes in the film .
“ Further , two individuals who were privy to early screenings of Machete have warned that the film is far more racially inflammatory than either the trailer or leaked have indicated . ”
Machete is slated to be released on September 3rd of this year .
Edmund Connelly ( email him ) is a freelance writer , academic , and expert on the cinema arts .
He has previously written for The Occidental Quarterly .
This website uses cookies , belonging to us or to third parties , for profiling purposes and to serve you ads in line with your browsing preferences and that may be of interest to you .
If you wish to learn more on cookies , or change your browser ’s settings on cookies ( or prevent the website from setting whatever cookies ) , click here .
If you close this banner , continue browsing or clicking any item on the website , you signify your consent to the use of cookies .
X
Big Pixel Zombies
Stay alive for as long as you can by fighting off wave after wave of undead cubes .
Redeem your kills for new weapons and zombie - fighting dogs !
3 Things to Look For When Investing in a Stock
If you ’re just a day trader , do n’t waste your time with this article .
This is for us buy and hold types .
Go check out some strategy on how to make 20 % profits per day by doing affirmations in your parents ’ basement after your house gets foreclosed on .
It ’ll be more your style .
Good .
Now that the idiots are gone , let ’s talk about the big secret behind making a huge amount of money using stocks , without paying huge taxes and with only doing a few hours of research per month ( if you ’re a little on the perfectionist side like I am ) , and possibly as little as a few hours a year .
Are you ready for the secret yet ?
Man , this would be a terrible time for me to have a fatal heart attack or something , would n’t it ?
All that glorious knowledge , lost to the ages .
Alright , enough bogus tension - building .
The secret is :
Buy great companies , hold them forever , and reinvest the dividends they generally pay .
Yeah , not much of a secret there .
That ’s only been known since about the 1960s in American writing … and for as long as there have been business people with a lick of sense .
But the part that takes a bit more sense is the obvious question : “ What defines a great company ? ” I ’m glad I ’m pretending you asked , eager net cadet .
Some things I consider great about a company are :
1 . Having a strong moat
Every financial guru has talked about this , so it wo n’t get a lot of air play here .
Basically , a great moat means that the company does something that is very difficult for another company to do , because there are wide barriers to entry or to achieving a similar level of success .
If you start bottling a drink this week , it will take you awhile to become as well known as Coca Cola .
It will also take you a bit longer than a weekend to develop the kind of market share dominance of a search engine like Google .
And if you want to have a unique patent like Female Health does ( as in , the world ’s only FDA approved female condom ) , it could take you years of struggling with regulatory approval and testing .
2. Having solid insider ownership .
The Hilton family only owns about 6 % of their namesake hotels nowadays , but the fact that they still own any at all says a lot about their foresight .
It has been said that good entrepreneurs build a great business and sell it for a huge profit … but great entrepreneurs build a great business , sell chunks of it , and their great - grandchildren live off of the dividends for what ’s left over .
A company where the employees have some “ skin in the game ” beyond their paycheck is generally a winner .
Would n’t you fight tooth - and - nail , if the company you worked for was your family ’s long term future ?
3 . It throws off cash that it does not need .
There are two ways to think of this – free cash flow ( actual cash that the company produces ) , and profit ( the accounting view that the company is “ making money ” ) .
There are important differences .
When a company spends money , it is said to be taking a loss .
But when it depreciates an expense ( such as the cost of a major piece of equipment or the construction of a new factory ) , it can “ spread the expense ” and actually look as though it is not making money .
Cash flow without profit .
But on the other hand , the same thing can be said for when a company makes a lot of sales , but keeps most of these as notes receivable .
They call that situation a good balance sheet but poor cashflow .
And under generally accepted accounting practices , those notes receivable can also be considered profit .
So , buyer beware on that front .
Sony Ericsson finally seems to be on the right track .
The mobile phone maker earlier Friday reported its second quarterly net profitin a row following several quarters of falling market share and heavy losses , helped by cost cuts and successful launches of new premium phones .
The handset vendor recently ramped up its high - end presence with devices like the Xperia X10 flagship phone , and over the past two years has slashed its workforce by a third , to around 8,000 .
Though Sony Ericsson 's sales volume and market ...
Anyone who has watched the first season of Mad Men knows that the late ’ 50s / early ’60s was something of a golden age for Volkswagen in print advertising .
At the same time , hand - painted advertising on split - window Volkswagen buses was quickly gaining in popularity ( perhaps as a way to pay for said VW ? ) .
Click through , and prepare to drool over the retro graphics on these old - school autos .
[ via delicious industries ]
More than five hundred former high - level Orange County employees are collecting six - figure pensions – as much as $ 244,000 per year .
Those top - paid pensioners pocketed nearly $ 60 million in 2009 from the financially troubled Orange County Employees Retirement System .
The 515 top retirees , just 4 percent of all county pensioners , got 13 percent of all benefits , according to an Orange County Register analysis .
Click here to search online database of retirees here .
The percentage of Orange County retirees receiving $ 100,000 or more is nearly three times the proportion in the statewide California Public Employees Retirement System .
“ What that shows is the Ponzi scheme of the benefits , ” said Marcia Fritz , president of the California Foundation for Fiscal Responsibility , a pension reform group .
“ The high - paid , low - turnover employees are getting the goodies . ”
OCERS released the information June 30 after losing a lawsuit brought by Fritz ’ group .
The Register had been demanding the information under the California Public Records
Act for more than a year , and filed a brief in support of the lawsuit .
The Register analysis showed that 515 county retirees were in the “ 100,000 club ” in 2009 out of 12,244 pensioners .
The average retiree gets $ 37,000 a year .
The large pensions are all legal and largely the product of retirement formulas approved by policy - makers during good economic times .
The generous pension plans have encouraged employees to retire earlier with a larger share of their salaries – pushing OCERS long - term debt to $ 3.7 billion .
The tax - guaranteed pensions come from employee contributions , contributions by the government agencies and retirement system investments .
Fritz has a theory why the $ 100,000 list was riddled by manager after manager .
“ The people that negotiate those benefits are negotiating for themselves ( too ) , ” Fritz said .
Fifteen Orange County pensioners are set to collect at least $ 200,000 in 2010 , with former Orange County Sanitation District finance director Gary Streed topping the list at $ 20,363 a month in May , or $ 244,359 yearly .
Former Orange County Chief Executive Officer Michael Schumacher collected $ 19,929 in May , or $ 239,150 annually .
Streed said his No. 1 status is merely the product of working 38 years for the same agency .
Streed noted that he left two years shy of securing 100 percent of his salary .
“ I went to work , I stayed at work and this is what I get for it , ” said Streed , 64 .
“ I just followed the rules . ”
Current county Chief Executive Officer Thomas
Mauk said he is troubled by the high numbers , noting that Orange County , like many other municipalities , is struggling with runaway pensions , budget deficits and a down economy .
“ Pension reform is necessary and it should come faster than it is , so let ’s all get to the table , ” Mauk said .
“ Everybody feels that way . ”
Orange County ’s $ 100,000 pension club collected $ 58.5 million in 2009 , with one - third of the money going to sheriff ’s department retirees , by far the most of any agency in the retirement system .
The department is less than one - fifth of the county ’s workforce .
Public safety workers can retire at age 50 with 90 percent of their income – a formula called “ 3 at 50 ” – the most lucrative of all retirement plans .
Until this year , Orange County sheriff ’s sworn employees did not pay toward their retirement benefits .
“ Most people should be able to retire at 60 percent of their salaries .
You do n’t need 100 percent , ” said County Supervisor John Moorlach , a long - time opponent of large public pensions .
Since 2008 , the county – led by Moorlach – has been suing the sheriff ’s union to roll back the “ 3 at 50 ” plan for retroactive retirees .
The release of the retirement data ends a yearlong battle by the Register with OCERS for the information .
In June , Orange County Superior Court Judge Luis Rodriguez ruled that the information should be released under the California Public Records
Act to “ expose corruption , incompetence , inefficiency , prejudice and favoritism . ”
Rodriguez was the third judge in California to rule that the retirement information is public , joining jurists in Contra Costa and Stanislaus counties .
Many other public retirement agencies , including the giant Public Employees Retirement System and the State Teachers Retirement System released their retirement data months ago .
But OCERS continued to insist that the public records law did not apply to its pension data .
The Register ’s analysis of retirees earning $ 100,000 or more found a number of executives who were forced from their jobs – including two convicted and sentenced to jail .
There were also “ double - dippers ’ who substantially increased their incomes by taking another high - paying government post after retirement and several ex-employees who are currently suing the county for wrongful termination .
Among the top 10 highest paid retirees is convicted ex-Sheriff Michael S. Carona , who in May received $ 18,121 , putting him on track to collect at least $ 217,457 annually .
Carona resigned in 2008 after being indicted on federal corruption charges .
He was convicted of one charge of witness tampering and sentenced to 5.5 years in federal prison .
He is free on appeal .
Joining Carona among the top paid is disgraced county treasurer Robert Citron , who led Orange County into what remains as the largest municipal bankruptcy in the nation in 1994 .
While Citron took no money for himself , he was convicted of skimming $ 89 million in interest from schools and other agencies , putting the money on the county books to hide his risky investments .
Citron received $ 12,360 in pension benefits in May , for a projected $ 148,327 annually .
County CEO
Mauk said he has a problem with huge retirements going to public officials who commit crimes on the job .
“ If you ’ve been convicted of a felony , it ought to be taken into account , ” he said .
“ I do n’t have the answers , but it ought to be on the table for discussion . ”
Other high - paid retirees left their jobs under a cloud .
Former Assistant Sheriff Dennis LaDucer was fired in 1997 amid allegations that he sexually harassed and groped female sheriff ’s employees .
The county paid more than $ 1 million to settle five harassment lawsuits against him , according to a 1999 report in the Los Angeles Times .
As one of the top retirees , LaDucer got $ 10,251 in May , for a projected annual $ 123,012 .
Another former assistant sheriff , Charles Walters , was in charge of the jails in October 2006 when inmate John D. Chamberlain was killed while a guard watched television .
Walters is the third highest paid pensioner , collecting $ 19,332 in May , for an annual rate of at least $ 231,990 .
Grand jury testimony revealed that , under Walters , deputies at Theo Lacy jail enlisted inmates as enforcers , slept at their posts and failed to make their rounds .
Walters was never accused of any wrongdoing .
Also collecting hefty pensions are two more sheriff ’s executives who were forced out of their jobs in the backlash surrounding the Chamberlain killing .
Former undersheriff Jo Ann Galisky is set to collect at least $ 131,628 annually , while former assistant sheriff Steve Bishop will receive at least $ 202,615 .
Both top - tier sheriffs executives were accused of not being fully truthful in their testimony before a special grand jury investigating the Chamberlain slaying .
Galisky has filed a discrimination suit against the county , seeking more money in damages .
Former county counsel Benjamin DeMayo caused a stir after he retired last year and cashed out $ 352,097 in unused leave .
DeMayo also is one of the highest paid retirees , receiving $ 18,798 in May , for an annual rate of at least $ 225,580 .
The high cashout was allowed because DeMayo worked for the county since before 1977 , when there was no limit on how much leave could be amassed .
One of the most criticized , but legal , practices among pensioners is to retire and go to work for another government agency , thus collecting a pension and a salary , a practice known as double - dipping .
Even Gary Streed , the county ’s highest paid retiree , draws the line at double - dipping .
“ The day I retired , I committed to not doing anything I would be paid for .
I did n’t think it was right , ” Streed said .
Others do n’t have that problem .
Jan Sturla , former head of Orange County Child Support Services , became an expert at squeezing dollars out of deadbeat parents – so good that Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger appointed him in 2008 to head the California Department of Child Support Services .
In May , he collected $ 15,980 in Orange County retirement benefits , amounting to at least $ 191,770 a year .
That ’s on top of the $ 142,965 that he makes with the state .
Sturla declined an interview for this story .
Newly retired Orange County Fire Authority Deputy Chief Patrick McIntosh picked up $ 15,192 in pension benefits in May , putting him in line to collect at least $ 182,304 over the next year .
McIntosh also earns another $ 204,880 as the new chief of the Huntington Beach Fire Department – more than doubling his compensation .
McIntosh said his financial arrangement is not costing the fire authority or Huntington Beach any more money .
“ I do n’t think any reasonable person would suggest I be denied the benefits I worked for and contributed to over a 27 - year public service career at OCFA and its predecessors , ” McIntosh said .
“ By the same token , who would benefit by telling the city it ca n’t hire the fire chief it wants ? ”
Jack Dean , who publishes a pension reform website at pensiontsunami.com , said double - dippers are misusing the retirement system .
“ The system is supposed to be set up so people are comfortable when they can no longer work , not to set up a lavish lifestyle at 55 , ” Dean said . “
Contact the writer at 714-796-6930 or tsaavedra@ocregister.com
Ireland ’s rarest fish is under threat from climate change , scientists are warning at a major conference in Belfast this week .
The pollan , found in only five loughs in Ireland , could dwindle even further if our waterways heat up due to global warming , says Dr Chris Harrod , convenor of the Fish and Climate Change conference at Queen ’s University .
The five - day conference brings together around 140 fish biologists and fish managers to uncover how climate change is affecting global fisheries .
Dr Harrod , a lecturer in fish and aquatic ecology at Queen ’s School of Biological Sciences , says it is already having an impact on loughs , rivers and oceans , with dramatic changes in fish stocks .
“ Climate change should not be underestimated .
Although the decline in many valuable fish stocks is largely a reflection of fishing pressure , fluctuations in some exploited warm - water species , such as the sardine , have been closely related to changing water temperature , ” he said .
“ With more people keen to follow a healthy diet and exploit these healthy sources of food , it is important to understand the impact of these changes on our diets . ”
Fish facing particular pressure include Northern Ireland ’s glacial relics — cold - water fish such as Atlantic salmon , Arctic charr and pollan .
The latter is Ireland ’s most threatened fish .
“ As our waters heat up , these are under particular threat .
Populations that depend on these fish and value them for their biodiversity will also have to adapt to change , ” Dr Harrod said .
“ Many of our species can be considered to be losers , but there will be some winners .
These include non-native and ‘ introduced ’ freshwater fishes , such as the roach that will thrive as waters warm up , increasing their impact on lakes such as Lough Neagh . ”
Eels , key to Lough Neagh and its surrounding communities , are likely to grow bigger as waters get warmer .
However , changes to marine currents will mean a reduced supply of juvenile eels from the Sargasso Sea to Irish shores .
Dr Harrod said the pollan remains something of a mystery .
It is found only in Lough Neagh , Lough Erne , Lough Ree , Lough Derg and Lough Allen and populations crashed after World War I and in the 1990s .
Cod stocks in the Irish Sea have dwindled , not only because of overfishing but also rising sea temperatures .
Warming seas have also been implicated as one of the reasons for vanishing sand eels in the Irish Sea .
It ’s thought this loss of food source may be behind the crashes of seabird populations on Rathlin in recent years .
Belfast Telegraph
Microsoft 's problems with Token Kidnapping [ .pdf ] on the Windows platform are n't going away anytime soon .
More than a year after Microsoft issued a patch to cover privilege escalation issues that could lead to complete system takeover , a security researcher plans to use the Black Hat conference spotlight to expose new design mistakes and security issues that can be exploited to elevate privileges on all Windows versions including the brand new Windows 2008 R2 and Windows 7 .
Cesar Cerrudo , founder and CEO of Argeniss , a security consultancy firm based in Argentina , first reported the token kidnapping hiccup to Microsoft in 2008 and after waiting in vain for a patch , he released the details during the Month of Kernel Bugs project .
The flaw would eventually be exploited in active attacks , leading to a mad scramble at Redmond to come up with a fix and a subsequent disclosure flap that exposed Microsoft as the irresponsible party .
This year , Cerrudo plans a new talk titled " Token Kidnapping 's Revenge " where he will discuss how attackers can even bypass certain Windows services protections .
In an interview with Threatpost , Cerrudo said the presentation will discuss about a half - dozen vulnerabilities in all Windows versions from XP to Windows 7 that can be exploited to elevate privileges by any user with impersonation rights .
The explanation :
Most Windows services accounts have impersonation rights .
Because impersonation rights are needed these are not critical , high risk vulnerabilities , regularWindows users can't exploit them .
Some applications are more susceptible to exploitation of these vulnerabilities than others , for instance , if you can upload ASP web pages with exploit code to a MS Internet Information Server ( IIS ) 6 , 7 or 7.5 running in default configuration you will be able to fully compromise the Windows server .
For example , if you are an SQL Server administrator ( which is not a Windows administrator ) you can exploit these vulnerabilities from SQL Server and fully compromise the Windows server .
Cerrudo said the vulnerabilities can be exploited to bypass new Windows services protection to help in post - exploitation scenarios too where an attacker is able to run code after exploiting a vulnerability in a Windows service but he is not able to compromise the whole system due to these protections .
One of the issues Cerrudo plans to present at Black Hat even allows him to bypass one of the Microsoft 's fixes for previous Token Kidnapping vulnerabilities on Windows 2003 .
" Microsoft is aware of these issues ( and other local privilege elevation issue that can be exploited by any user but I wo n't be talking about it before the fix ) and they will be releasing fixes and advisories in August , " Cerrudo explained .
The researcher also plans to release two exploits ( called Chimichurri and Churraskito ) for IIS and SQL Server .
These exploits could work on other services too with some minor modifications , he said .
" The presentation is not only about the vulnerabilities and the exploits .
I will be showing step by step how I found the vulnerabilities , with what tools and techniques , so participants can learn and walk away knowing how to find these kind of vulnerabilities by themselves , " Cerrudo added .
* Image via Todd Bishop .
The Folly of the Gaming Laptop
Posted on July 23 , 2010 by Aaron Leave a Comment
I see it all the time .
Sometimes in Reddit ’s “ buildapc ” section , sometimes from my google adventures and sometimes from friends .
I do n’t quite understand the desire , but I think if anything it ’s simply really effective marketing .
Most commonly , a kids graduate high school , they try to look for a way to continue their gaming hobby in college .
The mantra is that every college student needs a laptop , and these kids decide their laptop needs to also be powerful enough to play today ’s most demanding video games .
Usually this just means they end up overpaying for a laptop that is n’t really up to the task of gaming anyway .
This article will mainly focus on college students as that ’s where I have the most experience .
The Sheep in Wolf ’s Clothing
I ’m going to analyze one specific laptop , out of the dozens of good options for a “ gaming ” laptop , the Alienware M17x .
The stock configuration of this laptop is as follows :
Intel i5 - 520 M 2.93 GHz Dual Core Processor
ATI 5870 Mobility
17 Inch 1440×900 Display
2x2GB DDR3 Memory
250 GB 7200 RPM HDD
Combo Drive
802.11n Wireless Support
Total price ?
$ 1,799.99 .
If you were unaware , that ’s a lot of money for the spec ’s you get .
Most people try and justify the cost of the gaming laptop saying that they need a laptop for college .
Do you need an $ 1800 laptop for college ?
Definitely not .
My Advice
My recommendation for all college students and all parents of college students is to not spend more than $ 500 on a laptop .
Why ?
Because no college student needs to lug around a 12 pound laptop to their classes every day .
The ideal laptop for a college students in my mind is the Dell Mini - 10 v .
It ’s small but not too small , it ’s got a 92 % size keyboard and 9.5 hours of battery life all for just $ 299 .
It packs plenty of punch for taking notes in the classroom or working on a powerpoint in the library .
You can even use DropBox to synchronize your school work on the go .
What it ca n’t do ?
It likely can’t watch YouTube videos full screen and it ca n’t play any 3D games .
Bummer ?
Not really .
Cause if you were just about to spend $ 1800 on a laptop and you only spent $ 300 on this guy , how much do you have leftover ?
For those of you playing at home , $ 1500 !
$ 1500 will build you a monster of a computer !
The M17x Desktop Equivalent
So if you wanted the same exact power of an M17x , but in desktop form , how much would you have to pay ?
$ 740 .
That ’s a markup of over $ 1000 just so you ( or your son/ daughter ) can carry around a mini-super computer .
Same ( if not more ) performance for $ 740 , at the cost of decreased mobility and a more space taken up at your desk .
Add the price of a $ 300 netbook to this computer and you ’re still left with $ 700 in your budget .
What to do with the leftover $ 700
I ’ve been a university student for 3 years now , and I know all the little lies people tell themselves about why they need what .
“ I need a powerful laptop so I can do CAD ” , “ I need to be able to compile programs ” .
“ I ’m going to be writing a lot of papers so I need a nice laptop . ” “ I want to be able to take notes on my laptop in class . ”
There is merit to all these arguments , however there is no reason a desktop ca n’t be used .
In fact , I find that most people are less productive doing work outside of their room anyway .
The reality is that my girlfriend has gone through 4 years of college as a Pre-Vet Biology ( Systems Physiology ) major with a $ 400 Dell desktop , and her GPA is excellent .
In addition , I find that it ’s simply easier to take notes by hand for pretty much any class .
A lot of note taking involves drawing diagrams , and doing so may be difficult to do quickly on a laptop .
So What to do with the leftover $ 700 to optimize yourself for your university studies ?
RAID 1 Hard drives : RAID 1 provides data backup in case of a hard drive failure .
If you loose all of your papers and homework , you will be sorely upset .
Trust me .
All you have to do is buy a second hard drive of the same make and model and configure them for RAID .
Buy two monitors .
Dual monitor setups can be extremely helpful for multitasking , and especially helpful for students who are doing video editing , CAD , graphic design .
Invest in a good pair of headphones .
You do n’t need noise cancelling , noise “ muffling ” will do just fine , I ’ve got a pair of Sennheiser HD - 280 Pro’s and they are great for blocking out noise and focusing on work .
Upgrade : 5770 not enough for you ?
Why not upgrade to a GTX 480 if you need the power ( you ’d also need a better power supply ) .
Need a quad core ?
Probably not but if think you do then the i5 750 is a great processor .
The choice is ultimately yours .
If you think you need to spend $ 1800 on a laptop then go ahead , but you ’ll most likely be wasting a lot of money .
My parents spent $ 2200 on my MacBook Pro when I started school , and I was very thankful .
My laptop could play video games , use CAD better than most laptops , and it was pretty fast at day to day tasks .
However , my laptop was too heavy even at 6 pounds , so I rarely brought it to class with me .
My campus is one of the smaller college campuses and it was still a half mile walk each way to some of my classes .
When I did bring it to class , I found it was more of a distraction .
I found myself mostly using it at my desk in my room .
Not to mention when it came time for an upgrade , I could upgrade the RAM and the hard drive but nothing else .
Desktops are fully upgradeable .
There are plenty of genuine reasons why you might need a powerful laptop , but be sure when you go for that gaming laptop that you think the extra $ 1000 is worth it .
Life As He Knows It : A Short Comic by Lucy Doan .
Click on the thumbnail for the bigger version .
I ’ve read and listened to many stories from the LGBT community , and I know for the fact that the story can be very , very real .
If your views differ from mine , please do not attack me .
Gay protesters like those do exist , and I am merely illustrating what I ’ve seen for so many years .
What I depicted in this comic is REAL , whether or not it happens to the majority of the community or not , whether these things happen often or not - it is real .
Thank you .
edit . marriage is not just for procreation .
Marriage is a constitution which grants 1,800 + constitutional rights to couples , including making crucial medical decisions and being able to visit your partner in the hospital .
Thanks :]
You can follow the links on the video to the Vimeo page where you can also view in HD .
Do n't forget , you can always watch a video full screen on NorthernOutpost .
net !
Former Supreme Court Justice David Souter gave a big commencement speech last week at Harvard University where he criticized originalism — the school of thought that says the Constitution should be read according to its original public meaning — for having " only a tenuous connection to reality . "
According to liberal pundit E.J. Dionne , Souter 's speech proves that liberal champions of the " Living Constitution " now " have fighting words of their own . "
Fighting words , maybe .
But accurate words ?
Not exactly .
Souter argued that originalism has nothing useful to say about the racial segregation imposed by the South 's Jim Crow regime , and claimed that it was only thanks to living constitutionalism that the Supreme Court eventually nullified the vile doctrine of " separate but equal . "
Here 's the relevant portion of his commencement speech :
[ Brown v. Board of Education ] ended the era of separate - but - equal , whose paradigm was the decision in 1896 of the case called Plessy v. Ferguson , where the Supreme Court had held it was no violation of the equal protection guarantee to require black people to ride in a separate railroad car that was physically equal to the car for whites .
One argument offered in Plessy was that the separate black car was a badge of inferiority , to which the court majority responded that if black people viewed it that way , the implication was merely a product of their own minds .
Sixty years later , Brown held that a segregated school required for black children was inherently unequal .
For those whose exclusive norm for constitutional judging is merely fair reading of language applied to facts objectively viewed , Brown must either be flat - out wrong or a very mystifying decision .
Those who look to that model are not likely to think that a federal court back in 1896 should have declared legally mandated racial segregation unconstitutional .
But if Plessy was not wrong , how is it that Brown came out so differently ?
Here 's the problem with Souter 's claims :
The Plessy decision is wrong under an originalist reading of the Constitution .
Originalism includes the original public meaning of the 14th Amendment , which commands : " No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States . "
Among those privileges or immunities is the right to economic liberty .
Remember that the origins of the 14th Amendment lie in the anti-slavery politics of the Radical Republicans who drafted it and spearheaded its ratification .
Their philosophy centered on a radically libertarian form of self - ownership , one that included both the right to armed self - defense and the right to liberty of contract .
That philosophy was enshrined in the Constitution when the 14th Amendment was ratified in 1868 .
In Plessy , the Supreme Court upheld a Louisiana law that forbid railroad companies from selling first - class tickets to black customers .
That law was a blatant violation of economic liberty under the 14th Amendment and should have been struck down as such .
That the Supreme Court failed to do so is n't an indictment of originalism , it 's an indictment of the justices who failed to take the Constitution at its word .
It ’s simple math really .
You take one totally awesome California raised Plymouth GTX , subtract all cares about what other people think , and end up with a bold custom license plate .
Oddly enough , this car was spotted last night at a Massachusetts cruise night .
Let ’s throw some more math into the post for fun ’s sake .
According to Google , it is about 3000 miles from California to Massachusetts , and high octane gas is around $ 2.97 per gallon these days .
We ’ll assume that this car uses high octane for today ’s equation .
3000 miles divided by 8 mpg = 375 gallons of gas .
375 gallons x $ 2.97 per gallon = $ 1113.75 .
Worth the drive ?
Heck yea , every penny .
Love It ?
Hate it ?
I ’ll let readers decide 😉
Why Should I Use The HOA Management Directory ?
This is a powerful online resource for community association leaders and other volunteers .
Our website provides a free service that will never ask for your email address or require you to log in .
Unlike other online directories , we do n’t come between our visitors and the companies we trust .
Our open layout means users can directly contact any company they choose by calling the listed phone number , clicking through to the company ’s website , or by emailing the company through a direct form .
Using our site , you can easily select a property manager or vendor that can help get your condominium or homeowners association running smoothly and efficiently .
Our simple search function for association board members makes it easier than ever to search for and find the right company .
You can also find helpful advice in our blog section .
Our in - depth collection of articles covers a wide array of association management topics .
The articles on our blog are written by professionals with years of experience in the association management industry and are read by our visitors every day .
We invite you to use our informative website as a resource help your community .
To learn how to search for qualified companies in your area , see “ How to use our management directory ” below .
For Association Board Members & Other Community Volunteers :
Search for free , without limitations or membership requirements .
View up - to - date property management and vendor service company listings .
Receive complete property management and vendor quotes without having to register .
For HOA Management Companies :
Gain exposure to associations looking for new management .
Contribute to our HOA management blog and gain recognition as an industry leader
Promote your brand on the largest social platforms in the HOA industry .
For Vendors :
Target your advertising budget .
Share your story to self - managed associations that may have never found you .
Target professionally managed communities searching for vendors .
Continue Reading
A federal appeals court on Thursday rejected the Obama administration ’s request to keep a six - month moratorium on deep - water oil drilling , saying the government failed to show it would suffer “ irreparable harm ” if work resumes on the approved well sites in the Gulf of Mexico .
The decision , issued shortly after the three - judge panel of the U.S. 5th Circuit Court of Appeals heard arguments in a crowded New Orleans courtroom , was a blow to the administration ’s plan to cease new drilling operations in waters deeper than 500 feet while investigators probe the cause of the devastating April 20 oil rig explosion and massive spill .
Attorneys for Interior Secretary Ken Salazar had urged the appeals court panel to leave the drilling ban in effect while emergency crews work to contain the oil still gushing out of the damaged wellhead at the rate of up to 60,000 barrels a day .
Eleven people were killed when Deepwater Horizon rig exploded , setting off the biggest offshore oil spill in U.S. history .
One of the three judges dissented , saying he would have granted the government ’s request for a stay on the lower court 's order .
The panel ruled unanimously , however , in calling for an expedited hearing on the merits of the government need for a drilling halt in the wake of the BP spill disaster .
That hearing was set for late August .
U.S. District Judge Martin L.C. Feldman struck down the government moratorium on deep - water drilling on June 22 , at the urging of drilling - support companies , which argued that the halt threatened devastating economic harm to the region .
The companies , led by Hornbeck Offshore Services , argued that Feldman ’s ruling was correct in deeming the administration action excessive and unsupported by facts .
As Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal sat in the front row of the crowded courtroom , the appeals court judges peppered the lawyers for both sides with questions that foreshadowed their 2 - 1 ruling against allowing the blanket moratorium .
The judges also questioned the likelihood of another spill occurring , one of the government ’s main arguments for keeping the moratorium in place while implementing new safety measures on drilling operations .
-- Carol J. Williams and Nicole Santa Cruz
The Fear Factor
Just after 2:26 a.m. , on June 3 , 1980 , computer screens at the command post of the Strategic Air Command in Nebraska suddenly indicated that two submarine - launched ballistic missiles were headed toward the United States .
Eighteen seconds after the first signals , the displays showed even more launches .
The duty commander ordered B - 52 and FB - 111 bomber pilots to their planes and told them to start their engines .
The duty officers checked with the North American Air Defense Command ( NORAD ) in Colorado , which mans the satellites and radars that monitor North American airspace .
At this moment , the NORAD command said the radars and satellites showed no incoming missiles .
Then the Strategic Air Command screens also cleared , showing no threats .
The pilots were told to shut down their engines , but remain in their planes .
After a brief period , the Strategic Air Command warning display again lit up , this time showing that intercontinental ballistic missiles had been launched toward the United States .
And soon after that , a similar warning appeared on the screens of the Pentagon ’s National Military Command Center in Washington , D.C.
The duty officers in each location suspected the warning was in error .
In the Pentagon command center , a threat assessment conference was called , and all locations were then assured that there were no real signs of missile attack .
The pilots returned to their barracks .
The alert was ended .
But what happened ?
Three days later , on June 6 , 1980 , at 3:38 p.m. , the same error occurred again .
Again , no missiles were seen by satellites and radar , only on the NORAD data link .
It turned out the false alarm had been caused by the failure of a computer chip in one of NORAD ’s communications devices .
The peacetime message was supposed to continuously broadcast the digits 000 , indicating there were no attacking missiles .
The failed chip began inserting random 2s into the message , so it came out showing that 200 or 2,000 missiles were in flight .
The chip was about the size of a dime and cost 46 cents .
This is just one of the harrowing tales of the nuclear age thrust back into the limelight this summer in a new documentary film , Countdown to Zero , which opens in theaters July 23 .
The 91 - minute film , written and directed by Lucy Walker and produced by Lawrence Bender , is intended to startle us out of complacency about nuclear dangers .
It is a cauldron of stark , unsettling scenes , ending with an appeal for the Global Zero movement to eliminate all nuclear weapons .
The 1980 incident has long been known , but there is still something surprising about it , perhaps because it so vividly captures the tense , hair - trigger mentality of the Cold War .
In the film , the episode is recalled by Bruce Blair , president of the World Security Institute in Washington , who served as a launch officer for Minuteman missiles in the 1970s and is an executive producer of the film .
The false alarm , he says , led to " eight minutes of nuclear - launch preparations that were triggered by a malfunctioning computer chip that costs less than a dollar . "
Countdown is full of such moments .
Atomic bombs fall off airplanes by mistake ; desperate men peddle uranium across borders ; nuclear - weapons technology is spread by master proliferator A.Q. Khan of Pakistan .
Perhaps the most unsettling and still little - understood episode was the launch of a four - stage rocket , Black Brant , from Norway as part of a scientific experiment on the morning of Jan. 25 , 1995 .
The launch triggered confusion in the Kremlin about whether it was an intercontinental ballistic missile attack .
The paperwork announcing the planned rocket launch got lost .
When radars spotted the rocket and reported up the chain of command , it was considered serious enough to trigger the first - ever use of the nuclear briefcase by Russian President Boris Yeltsin .
Yeltsin was not at this point close to issuing a launch order ; the most he could have done would have been to authorize a possible launch later if the attack proved real .
We do n’t know much about what Yeltsin said in those minutes when the briefcase was opened .
Did he panic , or keep his cool ?
But it became evident soon enough that the rocket was headed toward the North Pole .
It was not an intercontinental ballistic missile , nor was it aimed at Moscow .
Twenty - two minutes after the launch , it splashed into the ocean .
Yeltsin took no action .
Moments like this need no embellishment .
The evidence of nuclear peril is , by itself , jolting enough .
But Countdown adds a dose of hype .
In the Norwegian rocket episode , for example , the audience is told that " according to Russian military doctrine , Boris Yeltsin should have launched all - out nuclear attack on the United States that morning .
We do n’t know what happened in the Kremlin .
All we know is that he did n’t . "
True , during the Cold War , both the Soviet Union and the United States relied on a hair - trigger concept known as " launch on warning , " which might have led to a decision to retaliate based on signs of an incoming attack .
But the Norwegian rocket was launched three years after the Soviet collapse , and it is not at all certain that Yeltsin should have responded with an order to attack the United States .
Whatever his other failings , Yeltsin did the right thing .
In making a film that seeks to galvanize support for a cause — the elimination of all nuclear weapons — the creators of Countdown realized that they needed to stimulate a sense of urgency and anxiety , and there is no hotter button today than the fear of terrorism .
The film opens with familiar yet haunting images of terrorist attacks around the world in the last decade : buildings , glass , and concrete crumpled from New York to Mumbai .
For all the emotional freight these images convey , however , none of the blasts involved a nuclear device .
Having grabbed our attention , the film shifts immediately to the hypothetical .
A voice says there is " no doubt in my mind that if terrorists had acquired a nuclear weapon they would not have hesitated to use it .
So I guess the question is : Could they ever get one ? "
Could they ?
The answer provided by Countdown is yes .
The film argues that highly enriched uranium could be easily smuggled into the United States through seaports , shielded in a lead pipe and buried in a shipping container .
The design of a crude bomb is no longer secret .
The film suggests that building a bomb is not rocket science .
But audiences will surely wonder :
If it is so easy , why have we been spared nuclear terror ?
Why have more than six decades passed since Hiroshima and Nagasaki without a nuclear weapon again being used in war ?
Countdown leaves us hanging on these questions .
The documentary would have been stronger if it had faced them squarely , perhaps offering a tip of the hat to deterrence during the Cold War .
Instead , the filmmakers have rung all the alarms without addressing why we have survived so long without catastrophe .
The strongest part of Countdown is the focus on individuals in the great drama of nuclear danger .
Blair recalls how a 12 - digit code was supposed to be set for the Minuteman nuclear missiles in the 1970s to prevent unauthorized fiddling with the launch controls .
But , he says , the Strategic Air Command did n’t want the extra trouble , so they set all the codes at zero .
Matthew Bunn of Harvard University , who annually compiles a detailed report on nuclear security around the globe , tells of Russians who broke into a toolshed on a naval base trying to steal nuclear fuel rods , and he quotes a military prosecutor as saying " potatoes were guarded better . "
We hear from two men accused of nuclear smuggling in Russia and Georgia .
One of them , a worker at Luch , a fuel fabrication facility , skimmed off a kilo and a half of highly enriched uranium , taking small amounts each day so no one would notice .
Why did he do it ?
He needed money for a new refrigerator and a gas stove .
" I wanted to buy a few essentials , then work honestly , " he says .
Perhaps the supreme example of individual vision and political daring came when Mikhail Gorbachev and Ronald Reagan almost reached agreement on eliminating nuclear weapons at the Reykjavik summit in October 1986 .
Gorbachev says in the film that he looks back at this lost opportunity in sadness .
" In Reykjavik , we truly opened the door and peeked beyond the horizon , " he says .
The makers of this documentary hope to do for nuclear danger what An Inconvenient Truth did for global climate change .
Bender also produced An Inconvenient Truth , and both films were backed by Participant Media , the production company founded by Jeff Skoll , which attempts to build social action around its films .
In Countdown , the imagery and soundtrack hammer relentlessly at nuclear peril .
But the film only briefly touches upon remedies , at the very end : taking missiles off launch - ready alert , establishing a joint warning center with Moscow , sharing nuclear safeguards , and phased reductions in remaining arsenals .
At the close , the audience is urged : " Demand zero . "
It feels good , but is simplistic .
There are still 23,000 nuclear weapons , 95 percent held by the United States and Russia .
The film should have devoted a few more minutes to the complex and long - overdue business of reducing these arsenals .
The U.S. Senate will soon have an important debate about one aspect of it : the new strategic arms treaty with Russia .
Perhaps it is not the stuff of entertainment : nuclear doctrines , policy , negotiations , verification , science , and diplomacy .
But those who feel a jolt from Countdown will realize , hopefully , that the answer to nuclear dangers is not as simple as just demanding zero .
That ’s the finish line , but getting there is extremely difficult .
Just look at how much fright and worry accumulated in the first six decades of the nuclear age .
Many people devoted their lives to reining in the danger , and it is still with us , filling up our theater screen and making us feel uncomfortable .
Categories Categories Select Category Bed Rest Bloggers who are n’t me Books Brinkley +
Sheldon cloth diapers daily BS I think links makeup NaBloPoMo 09 NaBloPoMo 10 NaBloPoMo12 NaBloPoMo13 Penny People Who Comment Settle
This shameless consumerism sibling hilarity Somebody ’s getting maawwweeed the blogging thing The Guy the noise I choose the redhead the talkies TJ + Phil TJ Notes Uncategorized Unidentified Fetal O Wait , what ?
Yeah , I play WoW
Archives Archives Select Month October 2019 September 2019 April 2018 November 2017 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 December 2014 July 2014 May 2014 March 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009
I know that at some point , this section of my site will be out of date .
I promise you in advance , I 'm aware of that .
I 'm 32 years old and I live on an Air Force base in New Mexico with my husband and our two big dogs .
I 've been married for three years , and we have a 3 year old daughter named Penelope .
You can do the math .
It 's okay .
We do n't mind .
GoGirl Energy Drink !
By Girlfriends !
For when you need a boost of energy , except , uh oh , you ’re also a woman !
See , it ’s pink !
That ’s how you know that Girlfriends really wants to help you , Go , Girl !
Because it ’s in your favorite lady color !
So you know it ’s for you !
A lady !
Also ?
ALSO ?
Only FIVE CALORIES .
Because if there ’s one thing ladies hate ( other than things that are n’t pink , of course ! ) , it ’s calories !
Look , we also threw a pink ribbon on there , too , because you can never pander too much when it comes to making products unnecessarily gender specific !
GoGirl !
By Girlfriends !
Here ’s an idea !
Why do n’t you grab a GoGirl ! by Girlfriends !
while you ’re picking up some lady - specific tools ?
You can tell that they ’re for ladies because we ’ve made them periwinkle !
We know how you feel about your tools , ladies !
We know that you want to be taken seriously as a cute little lady who really believes she can take on minor home repair , but do n’t want to neglect fashion !
You can see how that cute little lady right there on the front of the box has coordinated her outfit with her special lady tools !
As an added bonus , we ’ve spent more time on our tools ’ appearance rather than their functionality – we know you want to look authentic when you hang out with the boys , but do n’t want to spend money on high quality tools .
We know that appearance is more important that anything else for women , so we ’ve spent our development dollars on making the tools look appealing , as well as some clever packaging .
You can tell that some real “ can do ! ” gals like our lady tools – the lady on the box is so jaunty !
And look !
Latitude .
Our name sounds like attitude .
That , combined with the fact that our lady tools are n’t pink , let you know that we take you seriously as a woman .
Why , standing there , hand on your hip , pretty $ 5 blue hammer stuck through your belt loop , sippin ’ on a GoGirl ! by Gilrfriends – you look like you ’re ready to take on the world !*
* Latitude and jaunty box lady not responsible if you go a little nuts and decide you ’re actually going to attempt some kind of real home repair with pretty blue tools of dubious < $ 7 quality .
Why do n’t you just sit back with your little pink lady drink – did you notice that it has a pink ribbon ?
Do n’t question the pink ribbon .
Just because we put it there does n’t mean we ’re obligated to send any of our profits to breast cancer charities .
Did n’t you know that ribbons mean awareness ?
We put it there because we ’re aware the breast cancer exists .
Stop having thoughts .
It ’s not good for lady brains .
EDITED TO ADD :
In the sake of fairness , Aziatic did point out below that the GoGirl ! by Girlfriends !
line of energy drink does donate money to “ breast cancer research , awareness and prevention . ”
So , good for them .
HOWEVER , while checking that out , I discovered something even more fun !
Turns out , GoGirl ! by Girlfriends !
ISN ’T just a standard energy drink in a pink can to appeal to women on a ridiculously cheap level !
An appetite supressant !
They really DO have the hotline right into the typical female brain !
Pink !
Minimal calories !
Less than one carb !
All of that AND it keeps you from stuffing food into your face hole ?
It really IS the energy drink we ladies have been waiting for !
LADY DRINKS ALL AROUND , Y’ALL .
Winky face !
( pink ribbon ! )
You are so biiiiiig !
I ’m the great dictator of this homeland called … well , home .
But I should recognize that sometimes I feel like a liiittle and small thing compared with the big size of my followers …
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " I hired the Dogbert Technology Hospice Service to ease the suffering of our dying technology . "
The Boss says , " Dogbert will use compassion and ?
what was the other thing ? "
Dogbert says , " Bazooka . "
Dogbert says , " Step away from the Windows XP ! "
Image caption Philip Hollobone wants burkas and niqabs banned from being worn in public
A Conservative MP has been warned he could face legal action if he refuses to meet constituents who wear burkas or niqabs , which hide their faces .
Lawyers for pressure group Liberty have written to Philip Hollobone stating the Equality Act obliges him to avoid discrimination .
The Kettering MP said he needed to meet voters face - to - face .
He added he would invite those who did not remove their veil to communicate in a different way , such as by letter .
Mr Hollobone was unavailable for comment when the BBC attempted to contact him .
He is trying to bring in a Private Member 's Bill to ban women wearing the burka or niqab in public .
A similar bill was overwhelmingly approved by France 's lower house of parliament , the National Assembly , on 13 July , but it must now be ratified by the upper house , the Senate , in September before it can become law .
Mr Hollobone 's comments have been criticised by Muslim groups , and the idea of a ban has been dismissed by government ministers as " un-British " and unhelpful to women .
Immigration minister Damian Green has said banning the full Islamic veil in public would be " at odds with the UK's tolerant society " .
Liberty has now offered to represent any woman wishing to make a legal challenge against Mr Hollobone if she is refused a meeting with him because of her veil .
In its letter to Mr Hollobone , Liberty said it " will be happy to represent any of your constituents that you refuse to meet because they are veiled " .
Corinna Ferguson , a legal officer at Liberty , added : " There are a lot of women who wear face veils who feel that it is to do with their religion .
" Of course there are going to be arguments about whether or not it is strictly required by the tenets of Islam , but if individuals feel that it's an important part of their religion then interferences with that must only take place where it 's strictly necessary . "
She added : " And I think there 's a broader point here ; in other European countries they might take a different view , but in Britain generally we do n't punish people for the way that they dress . "
' Separation '
Mr Hollobone is not the first UK MP to criticise the wearing of burkas or niqabs .
Labour 's former cabinet minister Jack Straw , the MP for Blackburn , said in 2006 that face veils were a " visible statement of separation and of difference " and suggested they could make community relations harder .
He also said he asked Muslim women to reveal their faces in his constituency surgeries because he thought the veils got in the way of effective communication , but stopped short of saying he would refuse to talk to them if they chose not to .
While the French bill to ban the wearing of burkas and niqabs is continuing to make its way through France 's parliament , other European countries including Spain , the Netherlands and Belgium have debated regulating the use of face - covering garments .
In June , the 47 - nation Council of Europe , which oversees the European Court of Human Rights , voted unanimously against any general ban on women who wanted to wear the burqa or niqab .
It added there might be a case for legal restrictions " for security purposes , or where the public or professional functions of individuals require their religious neutrality , or that their face can be seen " .
Five days ago , in the northeastern port city of Dalian , China , two oil pipelines exploded , sending flames hundreds of feet into the air and burning for over 15 hours , destroying several structures - the cause of the explosion is under investigation .
The damaged pipes released thousands of gallons of oil , which flowed into the nearby harbor and the Yellow Sea .
The total amount of oil spilled is still not clear , though China Central Television earlier reported an estimate of 1,500 tons ( 400,000 gallons ) , as compared to the estimated 94 - 184 million gallons in the BP oil spill off the Louisiana coast .
The oil slick has now grown to at least 430 square kilometers ( 165 sq mi ) , forcing beaches and port facilities to close while government workers and local fishermen work to contain and clean up the spill .
( 29 photos total
SEOUL , South Korea  North Korean doctors perform operations without anesthesia in clinics where hypodermic needles are not sterilized and sheets are not washed , the human rights group Amnesty International said in a report released on Thursday .
“ Five medical assistants held my arms and legs down to keep me from moving , ” the report quoted a 24 - year - old North Korean defector as saying , describing how his left leg was amputated without anesthesia after a train accident .
“ I was in so much pain that I screamed and eventually fainted from pain . ”
Other defectors told similarly horrific stories .
One said her appendix was removed without anesthesia and her hands and feet were bound to prevent her from moving during the procedure .
Others told of entire cities with no ambulances .
Drawn from interviews with more than 40 North Koreans who had defected over the past six years , as well as with health professionals who had worked with North Koreans , the report depicted a North Korean health system in dire straits .
A Conservative MP says he will refuse to hold meetings with Muslim women wearing full Islamic dress at his constituency surgery unless they lift their face veil .
Last night Muslim groups condemned Philip Hollobone and accused him of failing in his duty as an MP .
In an interview with The Independent , the Kettering MP said : " I would ask her to remove her veil .
If she said : ' No ' , I would take the view that she could see my face , I could not see hers , I am not able to satisfy myself she is who she says she is .
I would invite her to communicate with me in a different way , probably in the form of a letter . "
He said the vast majority of Muslim women wore dress allowing people to see their face and claimed no Islamic scholars or clerics said wearing the burka or niqab was a religious requirement .
" It is not a necessity , " he said .
" I just take what I regard as a common sense view .
If you want to engage in normal , daily , interactive dialogue with your fellow human beings , you can only really do this properly by seeing each other 's face .
" Seventy - five per cent of the usual communication between two human beings is done with personal experience .
God gave us faces to be expressive .
It is not just the words we utter but whether we are smiling , sad , angry or frustrated .
You do n't get any of that if your face is covered . "
Mr Hollobone also railed against Turkey 's potential membership of the European Union .
With David Cameron expected to visit the country this summer to endorse its attempt to join the EU , Mr Hollobone warned that Turkish membership would be " a disaster " because EU rules allowing free movement would encourage many Turks to move to Britain .
" I could anticipate hundreds of thousands , if not more than one million , Turks heading our way .
I am sure that the Turkish people are lovely people , but Britain is full up .
We can not cope with another mass wave of immigration . "
Mr Hollobone is to bring in a Private Member 's Bill to ban women wearing the burka or niqab in public and hopes that the French parliament 's decision this week to ban the wearing in public of the full - face veil will tip the balance in favour of similar bans in other European nations .
" France is a large country , widely respected around the world .
People will quite rightly sit up and take notice . "
Mr Hollobone 's Face Coverings ( Regulation )
Bill is due to have its second reading on 3 December but , as it lacks government backing , is likely to run out of parliamentary time .
" It is an issue that is not going to go away , " he said .
" Sadly , the House of Commons is likely to prove itself out of touch with public opinion . "
He claimed that 95 per cent of the " hundreds " of letters , emails and phone calls he had received backed his measure and he had " quite a few " messages from Muslims saying they were embarrassed that women chose to cover themselves in this way .
Mr Hollobone added that British people often say : " when in Rome , do as the Romans do " , pointing out that women dressed modestly when in Islamic countries or wore a headscarf .
" They say that when women come to this country , they ought to adapt to our way of life .
The Muslim population is growing across western Europe , as is Islamic fundamentalism .
It is important to stress I am a respecter of Islam as one of the world 's great religions .
I also respect the right of Muslim women to protect their modesty . "
Mr Hollobone said that such an incident had not happened yet and that he objected just as strongly to men wearing a full - face balaclava in public – which will also be outlawed by his Bill .
His stance goes further than Jack Straw , who caused controversy in 2006 by requesting that Muslim women lift their veil at his surgeries in his Blackburn constituency .
Mr Straw sparked a national debate , saying he was worried about the " implications of separateness " and the development of " parallel communities " .
Last night Mr Straw said he did not agree with Mr Hollobone 's position .
" I was seeking to generate a debate within a framework of freedom , " he said .
" I see constituents wearing a burka on a regular basis .
I do n't need to ask them [ to lift it ] and I see them regardless .
About half agree and half refuse . "
Mr Hollobone admitted that " freedom of choice " was the strongest argument against his proposal , but said : " It is not an issue about different modes of dress .
I am not seeking in any way to restrict the right of people to wear unusual clothes , for religious or other reasons .
I have got absolutely no problem with a Sikh turban , a Mohican haircut or facial piercings .
You can see their face and identify them .
If [ they ] wear a full - face burka or niqab , you can not see their face . "
However , Shaista Gohir , executive director of the Muslim Women 's Network UK , said : " He is just being pedantic and trying to fan the flames of intolerance .
He would be failing in his duty as an MP .
" If someone has made an effort to come and see him and participate in a democratic society , he should take the opportunity to engage .
He might learn from the process .
" Of course the veil has an impact on communication .
You can [ still ] have a conversation . "
Arzu Merali , head of research at the Islamic Human Rights Commission , said the MP 's decision was a " worrying sign " and argued that everyone should have the right to expect non- discrimination and equality .
" We should be getting beyond this .
These things should not be influencing you as a public servant , " she said .
The Kettering MP first hit the headlines over his unusually low claims for expenses .
In the last parliament , he claimed under £ 50,000 a year – about a third of the average – and intends to seek even less under the new regime introduced after the May election .
" It is taxpayers ' money .
It is important we try to keep the claims as low as possible .
I am not claiming sainthood on this .
I am not perfect , " he said .
Mr Holloborne , who wants Britain to leave the EU , admitted he would prefer a Tory Government to the present coalition with the Liberal Democrats but that Mr Cameron was right to enter it .
He believes it has a " reasonable chance " of lasting for the five - year parliament .
What 's the difference between a burka and a niqab ?
* The burka is a loose garment , worn outside the home , covering a woman 's whole body including her face which is hidden from view by a mesh of fabric .
* Politicians and commentators routinely use the word to describe all forms of full - face veiling , but a true burka is usually worn only in Afghanistan and some tribal areas of Pakistan – and is rarely seen in Britain .
* The most common form of full - face veiling in the UK is the niqab , an Arab style of dress that combines a full body covering with a veil that leaves just the eyes visible .
* Full - face veils are the most orthodox interpretation of purdah , a concept set out in the Koran to prevent women from being seen by men who are not their husband , father , brothers , uncles , sons or grandsons .
Matthew Simmons has been saying the spill is worse than anyone admits for weeks , and he has n't been wrong yet .
Today he tells Bloomberg we 've now killed the Gulf of Mexico .
Simmons says the leak is much bigger than the cameras show thanks to a big gushing hole around ten miles from the sunken rig :
" What we do n’t know anything about is the open hole which is caused by the drill bit when it tossed the blow - out preventer way out of the hole … and 120,000 minimum of toxic poison has now covered the floor of the Gulf of Mexico .
So what they ’re talking about is the biggest environmental cover - up ever .
And they knew that that well , that riser , would finally deplete .
And then they could say it ’s over .
And unfortunately , we now have killed the Gulf of Mexico . ”
Oil could decimate aquatic life by depleting oxygen and poisoning the food chain .
This would also kill the $ 2.2 trillion Gulf economy .
San Francisco , California .
Video shows a San Francisco police officer throwing a resisting suspect to the ground , apparently knocking her unconscious .
NIAGARA FALLS , ONT .
— We can diss you too , Niagara .
Any place where a girl can come back from a bachelorette weekend having signed someone ’s butt and enjoyed the cliché awesomeness of a heart - shaped Jacuzzi should n’t be taking jabs .
But jabs are exactly what were thrown down in a new campaign called “ Shake Off the City ” produced for the Niagara Parks Commission .
And it has defensive Torontonians pretty peeved .
The four television spots and eight web videos show an urban centre littered with graffiti and gridlocked by traffic .
They air on CP24 and CTV .
In one spot , an exasperated couple sitting in what appears to be a traffic jam , longs for a weekend away from the grind to , evidently , bike with perfect hair through wine country .
“ Niagara , break free , ” says the tag line at the end .
Although they do n’t name the concrete jail as Toronto straight up , the logo shows a silhouette of the city with the CN Tower and Rogers Centre in the backdrop .
It morphs into trees : “ Shake Off the City . ”
“ Toronto has many iconic symbols like the CN Tower while Niagara ’s is Robert Wadlow ’s gigantic chair , ” said currency trader Jamie Heighway .
Burn .
“ I do n’t even need to diss Niagara , ” said Chris Slawson , 28 .
“ Have you even been there ? ! ”
The Toronto - bred King West dweller could n’t leave it there though .
“ What ’s tackier ?
Artistic graffiti and street murals or Boston Pizza across from Louis Tussaud ’s wax museum mixed with Planet Hollywood and a haunted house ? ”
Ohhhhh .
Snap .
According to Joel Noden , executive director of the Niagara Parks Commission , this kind of stereotyping is exactly what Niagara is trying to get away from .
And it was never the intention to hurt Toronto ’s feelings .
“ We were trying to break the stereotype that people in Toronto have about Niagara Falls .
That it ’s basically just Clifton Hill and a casino , ” he said .
Er . . .
By stereotyping Toronto Mr. Noden ?
He pauses , then adds that the campaign came as a result of about 10 to 12 focus groups , pulling off the experiences of people who actually live in Toronto .
“ It was never meant to offend or hurt anyone ” Noden said .
“ It ’s supposed to be light - hearted .
There ’s a whole arid side to Niagara that they ’ve never experienced before . ”
As a result , the 24 - hour Burger King on Niagara Falls ’ Clifton Hill — bedecked with a giant Frankenstein , also eating a burger — is replaced by fine dining with the Niagara River Gorge as the backdrop .
And nowhere in the campaign is a mention of the latest arrival at Tussaud ’s wax museum : Twilight ’s Bella and Edward , the wax edition .
It ’s the Niagara we know versus the Niagara they want us to know .
Bachelorette parties versus a bucolic weekend away .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But at least someone is above all the verbal mud-slinging .
Pat Simon of Simon ’s Restaurant , a Niagara institution .
Located just three minutes from the Falls on Bridge St. , the diner has been kicking for more than 50 years .
“ I do n’t think we should be criticizing other people .
We ’ve got a lot of improvements here that we could do ourselves , ” said the 79 - year - old , adding that he would never poke fun at someone else to make himself look better .
Simon is a lovely person , quick to offer a cup of coffee or glass of milk .
For the record , just around the corner from Simon ’s is a wall of graffiti .
Not much different than the graffiti shown in one of the “ Shake Off the City ” ads .
Noden said the Toronto graffiti was filmed outside a production studio on Queen St. W .
“ Beauty is in the eye of the beholder , ” said Noden , referring to the graffiti , adding .
“ Personally , I like the Queen Street area . ”
He also said that he does n’t mind too much when people poke fun at Niagara .
“ I laugh and I say , ‘ You have n’t seen the whole thing ’ . . .
It does n’t offend me one bit quite frankly . ”
Torontonians take their dissing more seriously .
On the campaign ’s Facebook page Tuesday a post from François Dionne read : “ I am not impressed with your ads obviously disparaging Toronto .
Believe it or not , we like our city .
You wo n’t attract us to your part of the province with this misguided negativity . ”
Ouch .
Still , a man like Pat Simon ought to have the last word .
“ We are getting too sensitive .
You ca n’t make a joke any more or poke fun at anything .
People do get upset too quickly . ”
Read more about :
Article content continued
Most provinces have not authorized official weed inspectors to destroy the poisonous plant because it does not impinge on agriculture .
Mr. Muzzi said he only began eradicating the plant because nobody else would .
“ It ’s not really my job , ” he said .
“ I just thought , somebody better take the bull by the horns here , ’ cause this stuff is really dangerous . ”
Giant hogweed is already rampant in parts of Europe including England , where the rock group Genesis wrote a 1971 ode to the plant and its “ thick dark warning odour . ”
Native to the Caucasus Region and Central Asia , it was brought to Europe and North America as a botanical curiosity in the 19th and 20th centuries and has spread rapidly .
It typically grows on riverbanks , ditches and roadsides .
The risk of infection was so high , Mr. Muzzi wore a Tyvek suit , protective goggles , rubber gloves , “ the whole nine yards , ” to remove it , he said .
“ Which is really nice in 35 - degree weather . ”
The weed ’s sap , which is found all over the plant , bonds chemically with human skin when exposed to sunlight and , within 48 hours , leads to inflammation , red colouring and itching , weeping blisters and eventually black and purplish scars .
“ It ’s those flower heads you want to get rid of , ” Mr. Muzzi said .
“ I went out , suited up , cut all the flowerheads off and bagged them .
Then I nuked the plants with Round - Up . ”
Most susceptible to infection are gardeners , campers and children , who have been known to use the plant ’s large , hollow stems as play telescopes or pea-shooters .
We 've seen " Swiss Miss , " the first episode of Season 2 of Archer and it's just as raunchy , violent , and hilarious as ever .
Maybe more .
Advertisement
The season opens with Malory Archer , the matriarch of international spy agency ISIS , continuing to look for a way to save the business from financial ruin .
Her plans include cutting back on unnecessary expenses ( like paper towels ) , having their accountant Cyril cook the books , and wooing a new investor : a rich foreign gentleman whose teenage daughter is under threat of being kidnapped .
The theory is that if they can keep the daughter safe during her upcoming birthday party , daddy will be so impressed with the company that he 'll become a partner .
Unfortunately , the sex - crazed 16 - year - old girl repeatedly hits on Archer ( who is uncharacteristically reserved , due to her age ) m and makes herself difficult to save .
The situation quickly devolves into outrageous deaths , unspeakable sex , and chaos .
Advertisement
The Comic Con panel included series creator Adam Reed and cast members H. Jon Benjamin , Aisha Tyler , Chris Parnell , Amber Nash and Judy Greer .
They pointed out that , as voice actors , they rarely see each other while working on the show , and they seemed to be enjoying this chance to gather together as much as the audience did .
In fact , they had never met Amber Nash ( who voices the HR rules - violating HR rep , Pam ) in person before .
The second season will begin airing on FX in January 2011 .
Reed promised that it will have " huge , huge adventures , set all over the world . "
The blimp will make an appearance again .
Some villains from the first season will return as well — once Reed can convince the actors to come back and work with them again .
There will also be new guest voices , including Rachel Harris as an actress who follows Lana around to learn how to be a spy .
Reed talked about the aesthetic of the show , which is an intentional mashup of fashions , gadgets , and plotlines from different decades .
He also indicated that this season they will be exploring more of the neighborhood around the office and bringing in characters from some of his previous series ( Reed is also the co-creator of Sealab 2021 and Frisky Dingo .
But , of course , the show continues to focus on Sterling Archer , the deluded spy / son who always seems to save the day , even while royally screwing up left and right .
Reed says his inspiration for the show was to see how big a jerk he could make the character and still have people like him .
In Season 2 , this spy with mommy issues will continue to try to figure out who his father is — and maybe deal with some paternity questions of his own .
Advertisement
Seeing this cast together , it quickly becomes apparent how much raw comedic talent there is in the room .
Individually they have fantastic timing , and they play off each other excellently .
As Aisha describes one of her favorite scenes , Reed cuts in , " That sounds really dirty .
When you actually say what 's on it , it sounds terrible . "
Tyler throws back , " When I describe what actually happened ? "
So , until the theme park at Whore Island opens , get your kicks watching the ribald antics of your favorite dysfunctional spy team .
JSON has become ubiquitous .
From Facebook and Twitter both declaring it to be the preferred ( and in some cases only ) option for API access to the new OAuth 2.0 draft spec declaring that JSON is the only acceptable response format for OAuth token responses , JSON is here to stay .
What is n’t ubiquitous , however , are people ’s preferred implementations .
As library authors it is our duty to try to support as large a part of the community as possible and do so in a friendly manner .
To that end , today we ’re releasing MultiJSON , a simple library that allows you to seamlessly provide multiple JSON backends for your library with intelligent defaulting .
Install with a simple gem install multi_json and then get started like so :
require ' multi_json ' # Decode using default engine . MultiJson.decode ( '{ " abc " : " def " } ) # => { " abc " => " def " } # Set an engine using a symbol .
MultiJson.engine = :active_support # Encode using ActiveSupport MultiJson.encode({:abc => " def " } ) # => ' { " abc " : " def " } ' 1 require ' multi_json ' #
Decode using default engine . MultiJson.decode ( '{ " abc " : " def " } ) # => { " abc " => " def " } # Set an engine using a symbol .
MultiJson.engine = :active_support # Encode using ActiveSupport MultiJson.encode({:abc => " def " } ) # => ' { " abc " : " def " } '
This gem is primarily for library authors , allowing you to use the best JSON available on the users ’ systems without explicitly requiring one library over another .
This way you can be sure that your JSON handling will work across implementations ( e.g. JRuby ) as well as requiring as little extra code as possible ( the gem detects existing libraries before requiring more by default ) .
Engines supported by default are :
yajl - ruby
json ( gem )
( gem ) active_support
json_pure
We hope that this will make development of JSON - relying libraries a little bit less of a headache for library authors and users alike .
The code is , as always , available on GitHub .
Tehran , Iran ( CNN ) --
The head of Iran 's nuclear energy agency announced Saturday that the country had launched a " serious " nuclear fusion research program , according to state - run Press TV .
Ali -Akbar Salehi , the chief of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran ( AEOI ) , said as many as 50 scientists were participating in the research to break into alternative energy , Press TV said .
The process of nuclear fusion consists of forcing hydrogen nuclei to collide at high speed and fuse together , which releases energy , according to the International Atomic Energy Agency 's ( IAEA ) website .
The goal is to eventually develop fusion plants to generate electricity , the IAEA said , but research worldwide is still in the early stages .
The agency called nuclear fusion a " long term , sustainable , economic and safe energy source . "
Salehi acknowledged the project will take time .
" It takes 20 to 30 years before this process can be commercialized but we have to use all the capacity in the country to provide the necessary speed for fusion research , " Salehi said , according to Press TV .
Iran is under fire for other aspects of its nuclear program , which Tehran claims is for peaceful purposes .
However , the United States and other Western nations fear Iran is attempting to develop a nuclear weapon .
The United Nations has issued four rounds of sanctions against the country for not being more transparent about the goals and status of its nuclear program .
Earlier this month , President Barack Obama signed into law new U.S. sanctions against Tehran that he called another step in demonstrating that " the United States and the international community are determined to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons . "
Seriously ?!?
Dang that is amazing .
I am a newb so will wait for others to work it out ... and for someone to set up a three click ... LOL .
( I was a bit worried about the contest money .
I 'll donate to whomever gets a set up a newb can follow . )
Till then I 'll let the more adventurous tell us how it goes .
Great work if this is for real !
Sir Alex Ferguson believes football is finally beginning to take hold in the United States .
The Manchester United manager expects a competitive edge to their matches on the tour – the squad leave on Monday for their training base in Chicago .
The national side held England to a draw in the World Cup and Ferguson is convinced the standard of Major League Soccer is better than ever .
" American soccer is starting to make an impact and it is so improved , " he said .
" I made that point about the United States team before the World Cup .
I said they were going to play like real athletes – the guys are fit , committed , they believe in themselves .
" I think American football is that way – they 're all fit , athletic , they 've got a good feel for the pitch .
You can see that there is improvement in MLS .
I have spoken to many people in the last few months about that and there is a big upsurge . "
The veteran trio Gary Neville , Ryan Giggs and Paul Scholes will lead the party on the four - match tour beginning against Celtic in Toronto next Friday .
Edwin van der Sar , Darren Fletcher and Dimitar Berbatov will also travel along with some promising youngsters , including the former Fulham defender Chris Smalling .
Ferguson added on the MLS website : " Winning is part of what we have to do here , but the main object is to get everyone game time , come back ready , fit to start the season . "
United meet Philadelphia Union at Lincoln Financial Field on 21 July , followed by a match against the Kansas City Wizards at Arrowhead Stadium four days later .
They finish the tour against the MLS All - Stars in Houston on 28 July .
Thank you so much !
About a week or so ago , my bicycle had been stolen .
I was very sad because it had been a gift from my parents , and I posted on reddit/r/ universityofhouston and / houston , to see if anyone had seen anything .
jsgates , or arbitrary001 , as I first knew him , read the post , and got me the exact same model of bicycle , as well as a $ 20 e - gift card to Walmart .
He was very kind , and had messaged me about my interests , because it turned out we are both into photography .
I went downstairs today to check my mail , and lo and behold , there was a huge box for me !
Thankfully , 2 strangers helped me get the box to a cart , so I could get it up to my dorm room . :)
I will do my best to protect my bike ! :)
Edit I 'll be getting a U shaped lock for it . :)
Edit2 I also got a CD !!!! :)
He must have looked on my Amazon wishlist , and he got me the Forget and not Slow Down album by Relient K !!
Thanks Josh ! :)
Photo courtesy James Cridland via FlickrFred Pearce keeps on saying that population growth is no longer a problem .
He said it again yesterday as part of his World Population Day message .
In Fred ’s view , it ’s very simple .
Fertility rates have come down sharply over the past half century .
Problem solved .
Sorry , Fred , saying that population growth is no longer a problem does n’t make it so , no matter how many times you say it .
Neither does wishful thinking .
While admitting that world population may increase by another 2 billion or so by midcentury , he dismisses this increment as a “ time - lag ” problem .
Earth to Fred : 2 billion more people is a lot of people to a world that is already struggling to feed 6.8 billion people .
It ’s a lot of people to a biosphere that is threatened with what leading biologists refer to as the Sixth Mass Extinction .
And it ’s a lot of people to a planet that is already threatened with the effects of climate change .
And while “ population momentum ” ( i.e. , large numbers of people entering their reproductive years ) may account for some of the projected increase in human numbers , much of it is being driven by the fact that fertility rates in many developing countries around the world are still well above the “ replacement rate . ”
Yes , Fred , we must do something about consumption .
Unless we in the developed world do more to curb our consumption of fossil fuels and scarce minerals , the world is headed for an ecological and humanitarian disaster .
We need to lower our per capita consumption of fossil fuels and other scarce resources .
A lot .
But I do n’t see the G8 or the G20 putting their heads together right now in an effort to lower consumer spending .
Really , I do n’t .
Neither do I see anything happening with respect to climate change .
And that ’s why it ’s especially important to prevent unwanted pregnancies in the U.S. and other developed nations .
Sorry , Fred , it does n’t matter that America ’s fertility rate is right around the “ replacement rate ” or that Europe ’s is well below it .
A baby born here or elsewhere in the developed world will still consume a disproportionate share of the world ’s resources and contribute disproportionately to the world ’s environmental problems .
It ’s also important to prevent unwanted pregnancies in the developing world .
The reasons , however , are different .
It really does n’t matter whether global fertility rates have dropped sharply ; they remain unsustainably high in many of the least developed areas of the world .
Yes , Fred , fertility rates have come down sharply in Iran and Bangladesh , but women in Afghanistan and Somalia and other desperately poor countries are still having four , five , or six children on average .
Some poor countries , like Uganda and Niger , are on track to triple their populations over the next 40 years .
Africa ’s population will likely double by mid-century .
Looking ahead , Fred , will these countries be able to feed themselves ?
Will they have enough safe drinking water ?
Will their lands be deforested or their rivers polluted ?
Will their maternal mortality rates and infant mortality rates remain unacceptably high ?
Will they be caught in a demographic poverty trap ?
Will they become failed states ?
If you have good answers to these questions , please let me know .
Because if you do n’t , then we need to ensure that women in these developing countries are given the information and the access to contraceptives that they need to prevent unwanted and unintended pregnancies .
Someday we will be able to declare victory .
Someday every woman will have access to family - planning services and reproductive health care .
Someday world population will be in decline .
Someday world population levels will pose no danger to the health of the planet .
But that day has not arrived .
Not yet .
In the meantime , your breezy dismissal of the “ population problem ” does an enormous disservice to the planet and every living creature that calls it home .
Read more about population and the option of going childfree :
" Those who have regulated and designed the resolutions against the Islamic republic of Iran need us more than we need them , " Mr. Ahmadinejad said .
Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad today said that new sanctions imposed on his country would not slow the country ’s progress on its nuclear programme .
“ Those resolutions are only paper , ” he said .
Mr. Ahmadinejad today joined other seven heads of states and governments to attend the seventh D - 8 summit of developing nations in Nigeria ’s capital Abuja .
“ Those who have regulated and designed the resolutions against the Islamic republic of Iran need us more than we need them , ” he said .
The U.N. resolution to impose sanction on his country because of nuclear quest cannot deter Iran from pursuing its interest in nuclear energy , he said .
He noted that Iran is not interested in the nuclear power race .
He slammed U.S. ’ dictatorial attitude towards other nations and blamed Western countries for the ravaging global financial crisis .
Earlier on his arrival yesterday he had called the United States a self - declared leader .
“ The U.S. regards itself as the self - declared leader of the nations of the world but everyone knows this is a dictatorial attitude , ” he had said .
The theme of this year ’s summit is ‘ Enhancing Investment Cooperation Among The Group ’
Mr. Ahmadinejad addressed a press conference at the meeting attended by leaders from Bangladesh , Iran , Turkey , Egypt , Malaysia , Indonesia , Pakistan and Nigeria .
He said : “ What are the reasons behind the emergence of an economic melt down and crisis in the world .
They have committed acts of plundering of the economies of the world . ”
He said the Western powers employs colonial tactics in dealing with the weaker nations and tries to bring them under their perpetual control .
“ These same countries have planned to dominate the whole world and bring every thing under their own control .
They have no respect for other nations .
And during the time of colonialism , they plundered the wealth of nations , character of nations and the spirit of nations ” .
The Iranian leader said .
D - 8 summit in the oil rich African country is meant to boost the economic co-operation between member countries .
At the summit , Malaysia handed over the chairmanship of the D - 8 to Nigeria .
Malaysia took over the D - 8 chairmanship on July 8 , 2008 at the sixth summit in Kuala Lumpur .
To be discussed at the summit are the D - 8 Roadmap for Economic Cooperation ( 2008 - 2018 ) which was agreed on at the conference in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia in 2008 with the purpose of boosting expanded economic co-operation between member countries of D - 8 .
Also expected at the end of the summit is an Abuja declaration that would address factors that could lessen the effect of and challenges confronting member states as a result of factors like global recession , world energy question , climate change and global warming and food security , transportation , and world trade .
This site is for promotional purposes only .
If you feel any content should be removed , please contact me .
This blog is dedicated to suites , bootlegs , out of print and rare soundtracks .
Please do not ask for CDs that are still available at a fairly reasonable price , especially if they 're new releases !
Such requests will be ignored .
By purchasing new soundtracks , you will support the artists you love and the local music stores you do n't want to see disappear .
Bootlegs and promo CDs are not for sale .
They 're meant to be shared .
Avoid any site which asks money for those .
PRESIDENT
George Bush yesterday gave the order to United States troops to lead an unprecedented international aid mission in Somalia under United Nations auspices , authorising them to take ' whatever military action is necessary ' to speed food and medical supplies to the starving victims of drought and civil war .
The action will be spearheaded by 1,800 US Marines who arrived in Somali waters two days ago .
They are due to make first landings by helicopter early next week , probably on Monday .
Initial plans call for the gradual mobilisation of just over 28,000 US troops , who will be joined by soldiers from about 12 other countries , including France , Canada and Nigeria .
France said it was sending between 1,500 and 2,000 troops .
Britain is sending RAF transport aircraft to Somalia , but the Ministry of Defence has ruled out sending ground troops .
Responding to a UN Security Council resolution passed on Thursday , the President made the announcement in a national televised address , the first since his election defeat by Bill Clinton .
In it , he stressed the limited role assigned to US troops , insisting they would be withdrawn as soon as the supply lines were secured .
' This is not an open - ended operation , ' he said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The White House had already indicated that it would like the lead role of the US to be over before Mr Clinton 's inauguration on 20 January .
However , in a separate briefing yesterday the Defence Secretary , Dick Cheney , and the chief of staff , General Colin Powell , made it plain that US troops would almost certainly remain longer .
Mr Cheney warned against setting what he called an ' artificial deadline ' , arguing that the US troops would be withdrawn only when the mission was complete .
He said he did not ' want to be bound ' by the transfer of power on 20 January .
He was echoed by General Powell , who said his instinct was that it would be ' two to three months ' before the US would be able to relinquish responsibility for the aid effort to UN peace - keepers .
He added that while 28,000 was the initial estimate of US troops likely to be deployed , ' they may go up considerably , they may come down ' .
General Powell said the first landings by the Marines already in the area would begin early next week .
The Marines will start by securing the port and airport at Mogadishu and then move on to create safe conditions at the inland town of Baidoa .
After that , probably about one week later , the first of the follow - up troops would start to arrive , he said .
The core of the US contingent will be 16,000 members of the 1st Expeditionary Marine Force from Camp Pendleton in California , who will be joined by 10,000 light infantrymen from the Fort Drum army base in New York State .
They will be airlifted to Somalia on board C - 130 heavy - lift aircraft .
It is planned that all the US troops should be in action in Somalia by the end of the month , and will begin to fan out over the whole of southern Somalia .
In the final phase , when aid distribution has been assured , the US troops would hand over responsibility for maintaining the aid effort to UN peace - keepers before beginning their withdrawal .
A small contingent of US troops would probably stay behind , however , General Powell said .
The Pentagon meanwhile confirmed that it had already dispatched an aircraft carrier , the USS Ranger , and two other ships , a cruiser and a destroyer , to the area .
The ships , carrying heavy firepower including 60 fighter aircraft , should be in position within a few days .
They will stay in the region as contingency back - up but may not be used .
' It is now clear that military support is necessary to ensure the safe delivery of the food Somalis need to survive , ' Mr Bush said , describing scenes of warehouses bulging with food in the Mogadishu docks while people were starving only a kilometre away .
Naming the effort ' Operation Restore Hope ' , he added : ' We must help them live .
We must give them hope . '
In a warning to the warlords in Somalia who have impeded UN efforts until now , Mr Bush underlined that the troops were authorised to use force to protect their lives and the lives of other Somalis .
' This is serious business , ' he said .
' Our mission is humanitarian , but we will not tolerate armed gangs ripping off their own people . '
But the President , aware of concern both domestically and internationally over a long - term involvement of the US in Somalia , underlined the limited nature of American intentions .
' We will not stay one day longer than is necessary , ' he said .
Mr Clinton endorsed the operation , calling it a ' historic and welcome step ' .
The President - elect said : ' Today President Bush has demonstrated that the American people will do their part to bring this tragic suffering to an end . '
Yes , you read that right .
Finally , at last , after many months , I can now officially reveal the project that has kept me so busy over all this time .
I think you 're gonna like this ... so why not just jump right in to the teaser trailer posted online by a small TV network you may have heard of called THE DISCOVERY CHANNEL ! [ evil laugh ]
[ UPDATE : D'oh !
There was a problem with the video , and Discovery is in the process of fixing it .
It should be back up soon . ]
[ UPDATE : We 're back , baby ! ]
How 'bout that ?
I 've been working with the Discovery Channel on hosting a new TV science show called " Phil Plait 's Bad Universe " .
It 's a three - part program where I dissect issues in astronomy and science , putting claims to the test .
There 's no air date yet , but I 'm hoping it 'll be on your TV sets this fall .
As you can see in the trailer , the first episode is about asteroid impacts , and we tackle the issue in a way that I do n't think has been done on TV .
I get right into the mix , blowing things up , flying in a jet , going where the action is so that I can participate in experiments with scientists and try to find out what works and what does n't .
The idea here is not to have some dry , narrated documentary .
Instead I will show you what 's going on , take you along , so that you can see how these things work and what we 're doing to investigate these issues .
I 've been having a tremendous time filming this , flying around the country , seeing things I ordinarily would never get to see .
And the beauty is , you can come too !
Eventually I 'll post some pictures I 've taken on this adventure , and we 'll be posting more video online as well as more information about the show soon .
I 'd like to thank everyone at Discovery Channel and Morningstar Entertainment for giving me this chance to fulfill a long - standing dream of mine .
We 've worked very hard on this program , and I hope you like it .
Yay !
Two suspects have been arrested in the slaying of a Virginia man who was shot to death in downtown Oakland after being robbed of $ 17 , police said .
George Hugguins , 24 , of Oakland was arrested Monday afternoon on suspicion of robbing Jinghong Kang , 45 , and then fatally shooting him , police spokeswoman Holly Joshi said .
A surveillance video showed Hugguins and his girlfriend , Althea Housley of Oakland , walking together on the 1900 block of Webster Street just minutes before the July 18 killing , police said .
A tipster recognized Housley , 33 , who was arrested Saturday on Curtis Street in West Oakland on suspicion of murder and robbery .
On Monday , a citizen recognized Hugguins in the same block and held him until police arrived , authorities said .
Kang , a father of three sons from Fairfax , Va. , had gotten his teeth cleaned earlier in the evening and had returned to his rental car with a dental hygienist when he was shot , police said .
His dental appointment was in advance of a job interview that had been scheduled for the next day at Google in Mountain View , police said .
Hugguins demanded money and pulled the trigger after Kang handed over $ 17 , police said .
The hygienist was not hurt .
Police also believe Housley and Hugguins robbed a couple June 21 on the 1700 block of Telegraph Avenue , police said .
The male victim was shot in that incident , Joshi said .
Police and Kang 's widow , Wendy Wang , thanked citizens for providing the tips that led to the arrests .
" The information received from the community was crucial in the arrest of these two suspects , " Joshi said .
Wang said she hoped the arrests could result in " at least some justice .
I hope they could be prosecuted and get what they deserve . "
Wang said her husband would have wanted the suspects to " repent to the Lord since he was such a faithful Christian . "
He also would have wanted his wife to forgive them , but " it 's really hard for me to do this .
I do n't know , but maybe someday , " she said .
WORLD CUP FINAL : VINCENTE DEL BOSQUE PROFILE : THE SON of a Republican railway worker , born soon enough after the Spanish Civil War that the divisions in the country were still very raw , Vicente del Bosque must have seemed an unlikely enough Real Madrid hero as a teenager .
But the quietly spoken and deeply unassuming defensive midfielder spent pretty much his whole career at the Bernabeu , helping the club to five league titles in an 11 - year stint as a first teamer , during which time he played more than 330 games and won 18 caps for his country .
As a result , he seems a slightly odd character to be overseeing a Spanish national team constructed around the generation of Barcelona players that has set the game alight over the past few years .
The 59 - year - old , however , has shown himself to be far too good a coach to let club loyalties obscure his vision when it comes to choosing which of his vastly talented squad to put out on the pitch for the big international games .
He has worked easily with the boys from Barcelona , seven of whom started against the Germans with , likely as not , the same number set to kick - off in tomorrow World Cup final in Johannesburg .
That he was a good coach was well known back in Spain for some time .
It became apparent fairly quickly , having risen through the playing ranks at Real , del Bosque repeated the trick on the coaching side of the club , eventually taking charge of the club ’s first team in 1999 when he hit the ground running by winning the Champions League in his first season .
He won either it or the league in each of the three campaigns that followed , making him , in that very short space of time , one of the most successful managers in the club ’s illustrious history .
What made the consistency of his success even more remarkable was he was in charge during the chaotic days of the Galacticos , with the likes of Zinedine Zidane and Luis Figo arriving in huge money deals imagined then executed not by the coach but by club president Florentino Perez , whose spending resulted in huge debts , and tension among the collection of gigantic egos in the dressingroom .
Of course there was also a huge amount of talent at his disposal , but it took all del Bosque ’s charm and patience to keep the whole show on the road .
Despite that , he was sacked in May of 2003 , the day after lifting his second league title .
“ Del Bosque ’s profile is a traditional one , ” observed Perez as he delivered the remarkable news .
“ We ’re looking for someone with more emphasis on tactics , strategy and physical preparation .
We believe that the squad we are building would be more powerful with a coach with a different character .
Del Bosque was showing signs of exhaustion .
I want to be sincere about this – our belief that he was not the right coach for the future . ”
The first seven years of that future has n’t thrown up anyone remotely capable of matching his achievements at the famously impatient club , with a laughable number of successors managing two further titles between them but nothing to speak of in Europe where the biggest prize lies .
To say del Bosque felt harshly treated in the circumstances would be something of an understatement .
His home overlooked the club ’s then training ground but he no longer watched the players practice and it would be six years , after he had become national team manager , before he would set foot in the Bernabeu for a Real game again .
By then , he had had a disappointing spell in Turkey with Besiktas , which ended in the sack after less than a full season , and , remarkably , some time as the technical director at a second division outfit .
He was offered other jobs , though , turning down a number , including a last - minute chance to manage Mexico at the 2006 World Cup .
Eventually , when Luis Aragones became difficult to keep in the Spain job , del Bosque , complete with his slightly comical walrus moustache , was waiting in the wings .
He told the players on the first day he would change nothing and , the manner in which the team is run apart , he has been as good as his word , with Aragones ’ European Championship winning team kept together insofar as has been possible along with his predecessor ’s tactical approach ,
Infinitely less brash or controversial than Aragones , he has looked to quietly coax performances out of his players and the approach has been wonderfully successful to date , with 30 wins out of the 32 games Spain have played since he took charge .
The second defeat , the one by Switzerland , with which the Spanish kicked off this World Cup , prompted criticism from Aragones , who questioned his successor ’s motivational powers .
Del Bosque kept both his head and his counsel and with admirable coolness stuck with the formula that has since yielded five straight wins .
Players speak highly of him and Fernando Hierro , with whom he was supposed to have had a falling out at Real , describes his knowledge of the game as “ encyclopaedic ” .
Respectful of the press and their opinions , “ the quiet man ” nevertheless took issue with some of the reporting that followed the defeat by the Swiss , insisting he had not , as had been claimed , been “ deeply angry ” with his players .
He was , he admitted , “ deeply upset ” , but consistently sought to build up the confidence of his players , an approach that his since brought rich rewards .
He is not afraid of big decisions , though , with the omission from his 23 - man squad of the likes of Bojan Krkic , Daniel Guizo , Santi Negredo and Marcos Senna causing controversy at home , and he also replaced the out - of - form Fernando Torres with Pedro for the semi-final against Germany .
After that win , he spoke with considerable humility about what the team had achieved and , of course , what remained to be achieved .
Tomorrow he faces the biggest game of his life and , with characteristic modesty of course , one suspects he is set to deliver on the big stage once again .
DEL BOSQUE FACTFILE
Full Name : Vicente del Bosque Gonzalez
Born : 23/12/50 in Salamanca
Playing Career :
Real Madrid Castilla ( 1969 –71 )
Castellan ( 1970 - 71 ) *
Cordoba ( 1971 –72 ) *
Castellonn ( 1972 –1973 ) *
Real Madrid ( 1973 –84 )
* on loan
Coaching Career :
Real Madrid Castilla ( 1985 –90 )
Real Madrid ( 1994 )
Real Madrid ( 1999 - 2003 )
Besiktas ( 2004 -05 )
Spain ( 2008 – now )
Playing Career
Honours ( all with Real Madrid ) :
La Liga : 1974–75 , 1975 –76 , 1977–78 , 1978 –79 , 1979 –80 .
Copa del Rey : 1973 –74 , 1974–75 , 1979 –80 , 1981 –82 .
Coaching Career
Honours :
Spanish La Liga with Real Madrid : 2000 - 01 and 2002 -03 .
Spanish Super Cup : 2001 .
Champions League : 2000 and 2002
Uefa Super Cup : 2002 .
Intercontinental Cup : 2002 .
Einstein's Theory Fights Off Challengers
Janet Anderson , 256-544-6162
NASA Marshall Space Flight Center , Ala .
Janet.L.Anderson@nasa.gov
Megan Watzke 617-496-7998
Chandra X-ray Center , Cambridge , Mass .
m.watzke@cfa.harvard.edu
Two new and independent studies have put Einstein 's General Theory of Relativity to the test like never before .
These results , made using NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory , show Einstein 's theory is still the best game in town .
Each team of scientists took advantage of extensive Chandra observations of galaxy clusters , the largest objects in the Universe bound together by gravity .
One result undercuts a rival gravity model to General Relativity , while the other shows that Einstein 's theory works over a vast range of times and distances across the cosmos .
The first finding significantly weakens a competitor to General Relativity known as " f ( R ) gravity " .
" If General Relativity were the heavyweight boxing champion , this other theory was hoping to be the upstart contender , " said Fabian Schmidt of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , who led the study .
" Our work shows that the chances of its upsetting the champ are very slim .
"
In recent years , physicists have turned their attention to competing theories to General Relativity as a possible explanation for the accelerated expansion of the universe .
Currently , the most popular explanation for the acceleration is the so - called cosmological constant , which can be understood as energy that exists in empty space .
This energy is referred to as dark energy to emphasize that it cannot be directly detected .
In the f ( R ) theory , the cosmic acceleration comes not from an exotic form of energy but from a modification of the gravitational force .
The modified force also affects the rate at which small enhancements of matter can grow over the eons to become massive clusters of galaxies , opening up the possibility of a sensitive test of the theory .
Schmidt and colleagues used mass estimates of 49 galaxy clusters in the local universe from Chandra observations , compared them with theoretical model predictions and studies of supernovas , the cosmic microwave background , and the large - scale distribution of galaxies .
They found no evidence that gravity is different from General Relativity on scales larger than 130 million light years .
This limit corresponds to a hundred - fold improvement on the bounds of the modified gravitational force 's range that can be set without using the cluster data .
" This is the strongest ever constraint set on an alternative to General Relativity on such large distance scales , " said Schmidt .
" Our results show that we can probe gravity stringently on cosmological scales by using observations of galaxy clusters .
"
The reason for this dramatic improvement in constraints can be traced to the greatly enhanced gravitational forces acting in clusters as opposed to the universal background expansion of the universe .
The cluster - growth technique also promises to be a good probe of other modified gravity scenarios , such as models motivated by higher - dimensional theories and string theory .
A second , independent study also bolsters General Relativity by directly testing it across cosmological distances and times .
Up until now , General Relativity had been verified only using experiments from laboratory to Solar System scales , leaving the door open to the possibility that General Relativity breaks down on much larger scales .
To probe this question , a group at Stanford University compared Chandra observations of how rapidly galaxy clusters have grown over time to the predictions of General Relativity .
The result is nearly complete agreement between observation and theory .
“ Einstein 's theory succeeds again , this time in calculating how many massive clusters have formed under gravity 's pull over the last five billion years , ” said David Rapetti of the Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology ( KIPAC ) at Stanford University and SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory , who led the new study .
“ Excitingly and reassuringly , our results are the most robust consistency test of General Relativity yet carried out on cosmological scales .
" Rapetti and his colleagues based their results on a sample of 238 clusters detected across the whole sky by the now - defunct ROSAT X - ray telescope .
These data were enhanced by detailed mass measurements for 71 distant clusters using Chandra , and 23 relatively nearby clusters using ROSAT , and combined with studies of supernovas , the cosmic microwave background , the distribution of galaxies and distance estimates to galaxy clusters .
Galaxy clusters are important objects in the quest to understand the Universe as a whole .
Because the observations of the masses of galaxy clusters are directly sensitive to the properties of gravity , they provide crucial information .
Other techniques such as observations of supernovas or the distribution of galaxies measure cosmic distances , which depend only on the expansion rate of the universe .
In contrast , the cluster technique used by Rapetti and his colleagues measure in addition the growth rate of the cosmic structure , as driven by gravity .
" Cosmic acceleration represents a great challenge to our modern understanding of physics , " said Rapetti's co-author Adam Mantz of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland .
" Measurements of acceleration have highlighted how little we know about gravity at cosmic scales , but we 're now starting to push back our ignorance .
"
The paper by Fabian Schmidt was published in Physics Review D , Volume 80 in October 2009 and is co-authored by Alexey Vikhlinin of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and Wayne Hu of the University of Chicago , Illinois .
The paper by David Rapetti was recently accepted for publication in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society and is co- authored by Mantz , Steve Allen of KIPAC at Stanford and Harald Ebeling of the Institute for Astronomy in Hawaii .
NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala. , manages the Chandra program for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
The Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory controls Chandra 's science and flight operations from Cambridge , Mass .
More information , including images and other multimedia , can be found at :
Attention conservation notice .
Function pipelines offer an intuitive way to think about continuations : continuation - passing style merely reifies the pipeline .
If you know continuations , this post probably wo n’t give you much ; otherwise , I hope this is an interesting new way to look at them .
Why do you care about continuations ?
They are frequently an extremely fast way to implement algorithms , since they are essentially pure ( pipeline ) flow control .
In Real World Haskell , an interesting pattern that recurs in functional programs that use function composition (. ) is named : pipelining .
It comes in several guises : Lispers may know it as the “ how many closing parentheses did I need ? ” syndrome :
( cons 2 ( cdr ( cdr ( car ( car x ) ) ) ) )
Haskellers may see it in many forms : the parenthesized :
sum ( map ( +2 ) ( toList ( transform inputMap ) ) )
or the march of dollar signs :
sum $ map ( +2 ) $ toList $ transform inputMap
or perhaps the higher - order composition operator ( as is suggested good style by several denizens of #haskell ) :
sum . map ( + 2 ) . toList .
transform $ inputMap
There is something lexically interesting about this final form : the $ has divided it into two tokens , a function and an input argument .
I can copy paste the left side and insert it into another pipeline effortlessly ( compare with the parentheses , where after the paste occurs I have to manually insert the missing closing parentheses ) .
The function is also a first class value , and I can write it in point - free style and assign it to a variable .
Of course , if I want to move it around , I have to cut and paste it .
If I want to split it up into little parts , I have to pull a part the dots with my keyboard .
If I want to use one pipeline in one situation , and another pipeline in a different one , I ’d have to decide which situation I was in at the time of writing the program .
Would n’t it be nice if a program could do it for me at runtime ?
Wink .
Consider the following pipeline in a Lisp - like language :
( h ( g ( f expr ) ) )
When we refer to the “ continuation ” of expr there is frequently some attempt of visualizing the entire pipeline with expr removed , a hole in its place .
This is the continuation :
( h ( g ( f ____ ) ) )
As far as visuals go , it could be worse .
Since a continuation is actually a function , to be truly accurate we should write something horribly uninstructive along these lines :
( lambda ( x ) ( h ( g ( f x ) ) ) )
But this is good : it precisely captures what the continuation is , and is amenable to a more concise form .
Namely , this can be written in Haskell point - free as :
h . g . f
So the continuation is just the pipeline to the left of the expression !
A little more detail , a lot more plumbing .
There are two confounding factors in most treatments of continuations :
They ’re not written in a pure language , and a sequential series of actions is not immediately amenable to pipelining ( although , with the power of monads , we can make it so ) , and
The examples I have given still involve copy - paste : by copy - pasting , I have glossed over some details .
How does the program know that the current continuation is h . g . f ?
In callCC , how does it know when the current continuation got called ?
For reference , here is an implementation of the Cont monad :
newtype Cont r a = Cont { runCont :: ( a -> r ) -> r } instance Monad ( Cont r ) where return x = Cont ( \k -> k x ) ( Cont c ) >>= f = Cont ( \k -> c ( \r -> runCont ( f r ) k ) )
Where ’d my nice pipelines go ?
I see a lot of lambdas ... perhaps the Functor instance will give more clues :
instance Functor ( Cont r ) where fmap f = \c ->
Cont ( \k -> runCont c ( k . f ) )
That little composition operator should stand out : it states the essence of this Functor definition .
The rest is just plumbing .
Namely , when we lift some regular function ( or pipeline ) into the continuation monad , we have added the ability to compose arbitrary functions to the left end of it .
That is , k . g . f , where k is my added function ( the continuation ) .
In more detail , from :
g . f
to :
\k -> k . ( g . f )
or , with points :
\x k -> ( k . g . f $ x )
Now there is a puzzle : suppose I have a function h .
If I were not in continuation land , I could combine that with g .
f as h . g . f .
But if both are in continuation land : \k1 -> k1 . ( g . f ) and k2 -> k2 . h , how do I compose them now ?
k1 is in the spot where I normally would have placed h , so a first would be to apply the first lifted function with the second lifted function as it ’s argument :
\k1 -> k1 . ( g . f ) $ \ k2 -> k2 . h ( \k2 -> k2 . h ) . ( g . f )
That does n’t quite do it ; the lambda closes its parentheses too early .
We wanted :
\ k2 -> k2 . h . ( g . f )
With a little more head - scratching ( left as an exercise to the reader ) , we find the correct form is :
\k -> ( \k1 -> k1 . ( g . f ) ) ( \r -> ( \k2 -> k2 . h ) k r ) \-- 1st lifted fn --/ \-- 2nd fn --/
This is the essential mind - twisting flavor of continuation passing style , and the reader will notice that we had to introduce two new lambdas to make the kit and kaboodle run ( reminiscent of our Monad instance ) .
This is the ugly / elegant innards of the Continuation monad .
There is , afterwards , the essential matter of newtype wrapping and unwrapping , and the fact that this implements Kleisli arrow composition ( ( a -> m b ) -> ( b -> m c ) -> a -> m c , not bind m a -> ( a -> m b ) -> m b .
All left as an exercise to the reader !
( Do n’t you feel lucky . )
Our final topic is callCC , the traditional method of generating interesting instances of continuations .
The essential character of plain old functions in the Cont monad are that they “ do n’t know where they are going . ”
Notice in all of our examples we ’ve posited the ability to compose a function on the left side k , but not actually specified what that function is : it ’s just an argument in our lambda .
This gives rise to the notion of a default , implicit continuation : if you do n’t know where you ’re going , here ’s a place to go .
The monadic code you might write in the Cont monad is complicit in determining these implicit continuations , and when you run a continuation monad to get a result , you have to tell it where to go at the very end .
callCC makes available a spicy function ( the current continuation ) , which knows where it ’s going .
We still pass it a value for k ( the implicit continuation ) , in case it was a plain old function , but the current continuation ignores it .
Functions in the continuation monad no longer have to follow the prim and proper \k -> k . f recipe .
callCC ’s definition is as follows :
callCC f = Cont ( \k -> runCont ( f ( \x -> Cont ( \_ -> k a ) ) ) k)
The spicy function is \x ->
Cont ( \_ -> k x ) ( without the wrapping , it ’s \x _ -> k x ) , which , as we can see , ignores the local current continuation ( which corresponds to wherever this function was called ) and uses k from the outer context instead .
k was the current continuation at the time of callCC .
A parallel ( though imperfect ) can be made with pipelines : consider a pipeline where I would like the last function in the pipeline to be one type of function on a success , and another on failure :
\succ fail -> either fail succ . h . g . f
This pipeline has two outcomes , success :
\succ _ -> succ .
fromRight . h . g . f
or failure :
\_ fail -> fail .
fromLeft . h . g . f
In each case , the other continuation is ignored .
The key for callCC is that , while it ’s obvious how to ignore explicit continuations , it requires a little bit of thought to figure out how to ignore an implicit continuation .
But callCC generates continuations that do just that , and can be used anywhere in the continuation monad ( you just have to figure out how to get them there : returning it from the callCC or using the ContT transformer on a monad with state are all ways of doing so ) .
This is the mail archive of the cygwin mailing list for the Cygwin project .
RE : Cygwin.dll crash , alloca and custom stack
From : " Dave Korn " < dave dot korn at artimi dot com >
To : < cygwin at cygwin dot com >
Date : Fri , 12 Aug 2005 16:17:56 +0100
Subject : RE : Cygwin.dll crash , alloca and custom stack
---- Original Message ---- > From : Jason FU > Sent : 12 August 2005 08:35 > Bitmead , Chris < Chris.
Bitmead > writes : >> >>
I 'm writing an implemention of a scheme interpreter in C , and as people >> familiar with that language know , it requires some stack manipulation . >>
Now to test this out I wrote a little program .... >> >> #include < stdio.h > >> >> int main ( ) { >> char * st1 ; >> st1 = ( void *) malloc ( 5000 ) + 5000 ; >> asm ( " mov %0 , % %esp " : : " r " ( st1 ) ) ; >> fprintf ( stderr , " hello
" ) ; >> } >> >>
This program crashes silently and prints nothing under cygwin .
However >> this kind of thing works fine under Linux .
No , it does n't ' work fine ' under Linux .
In fact it does n't work at all , on any platform .
What you 've written there is completely invalid and could never work .
Where on earth do you think main is going to return to after you 've discarded the old stack like that ?
The stack is for the compiler 's use , keep your hands off of it ! >>
Now if I run it under gdb it says 0x610dfbb3 in cygwin1!_alloca ( ) from >>
/usr/bin/cygwin1.dll >> >>
Which seems to indicate that the problem has something to do with alloca .
That would be a false inference unless you 're using a version of the cygwin dll with debugging information built in ; if you are n't , that 's just the nearest exported symbol to the crash site but there could be several functions in between . >> Q1 .
Does cygwin and gcc have a real stack based alloca , or is it a fake >> simulation ?
Real . >>
Intuitively I assume that this kind of error would be caused >> by the latter .
That just goes to show why ' intuition ' is not a valid software development methodology .
http://catb.org/~esr/jargon/html/C/cargo-cult-programming.html >> Q2 .
Why does this problem occur ?
You just threw away the stack and jumped into space .
What did you expect to happen ? >>
My vague guess Again , let me urge you to reconsider your development methodology here .
Why make " vague guesses " , when there is a simple and plain fact of the matter that you could easily determine by either debugging your application or reading the source code ?
>> is that something in the >> bootstrap code for cygwin calls alloca , and because of the memory layout >> of stack and heap , creating a heap based stack makes it free it >> prematurely . >> >>
Q3 . Should n't this be fixed in cygwin ?
While this is an unusual case , it >> seems reasonable to me that a program should be able to create a new >> stack if it wants to .
No , it 's completely wrong - headed , insane and unreasonable .
Your code is 100 % bogus and should be taken out the back , lined up against a wall , and machine - gunned .
Then the bleeding corpse should be hung , drawn and quartered .
Then burnt .
Then the smouldering rubble should be jumped up and down on .
By a hippo . >> Q4 .
Is there any work around ?
Write better code .
Legal , valid , ANSI - compliant C would be good . >>
I 'm guessing that if cygwin uses a fake >> alloca , then a better implementation would fix it , but is there any way >> to substitute another one without actually rebuilding cygwin.dll ( which >> I am loath to do ) .
Fortunately , there is absolutely nothing wrong with Cygwin 's alloca ; the fault is entirely in the approach you have adopted for your implementation . >
Do you mean the following : > [ ito2@intra C++ ] $ make stack > cc stack .c -o stack > [ ito2@intra C++ ] $ ./ stack >
Segmentation fault >
I just can see that your code crashes there in both cygwin and linux .
I 'm guessing that he tested it on a version of linux where the stdout buffer got flushed before the crash happened , so he saw " hello " on the output , saw the segv warning and pretended it did n't happen , and came to the conclusion that his program ' works ' .
cheers , DaveK --
Ca n't think of a witty . sigline today .... -- Unsubscribe info : http://cygwin.com/ml/#unsubscribe-simple
Problem reports : http://cygwin.com/problems.html
Documentation : http://cygwin.com/docs.html
FAQ : http://cygwin.com/faq/
4.Communicate with people
The Serval Mesh is about enabling people to communicate with one another , regardless of what circumstances may befall them , or where they live in the world .
Because at the end of the day , relationship with one another is what life is all about .
Yet another country has decided to shut down key parts the Internet .
Kathleen Reen at Internews reports that , as of this past Thursday , the Afghan Ministry of Communications mandated that all Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) in Afghanistan filter websites falling under the following categories :
Alcohol
Dating / Social Networking
Gambling
Pornography
Reen reports countrywide blockages of Facebook , Gmail , YouTube , and Twitter .
The Afghan Wireless Communication Company ( AWCC ) , one of Afghanistan ’s two largest telecommunication companies , is referring people with questions to the Ministry of Communications .
This follows on the heels of reports earlier this week of extensive new Internet censorship in Pakistan and Turkey .
Yesterday , Pakistan announced that it will block links to content on Yahoo , Google , MSN , Hotmail , YouTube , Amazon , and Bing — and will completely block 17 other sites — that it deems anti-Islamic .
Also this week , Turkey , which has banned more Internet sites than any other country in Europe , started completely blocking YouTube and thousands of other sites , including proxy servers that Turkish citizens were using to circumvent the bans .
EFF will continue to monitor these events .
For some ideas on ways to speak freely without falling victim to authoritarian surveillance and censorship , and ways for the rest of us to help support the worldwide community , check out EFF 's Surveillance Self Defense International .
Hundreds of thousands of us have now seen the footage of the newspaper - seller shambling peacefully home from work .
We 've seen how , without warning or provocation , PC Simon Harwood attacked him from behind , hitting him with a baton then shoving him to the ground .
We know that the officer had unlawfully removed his badge , and that his face was obscured by a balaclava .
We know that , a few minutes afterwards , Ian Tomlinson collapsed and died .
We also know that the Metropolitan police lied about his death to the media and to Tomlinson 's family .
Fifteen months later the director of public prosecutions , Keir Starmer , decides that " there is no realistic prospect of a conviction against [ Harwood ] for any offence arising from the matter investigated and that no charges should be brought against him " .
The evidence for his role in Tomlinson 's death , Starmer says , is contradictory , and the time limit for pressing lesser charges has sadly expired .
Starmer provides no convincing explanation of why it has taken him so long to make his decision , or of why a jury should not be allowed to make its own assessment of the evidence .
Now picture the opposite case : a civilian launching an unprovoked attack on a policeman , captured on film , which is immediately followed by the policeman 's death .
The Crown Prosecution Service ponders and dithers before deciding that the assailant should get away scot free .
Implausible ?
You have just understood that in the United Kingdom equality before the law exists only in textbooks .
The excuse Starmer gave is that conflicting medical evidence means that a causal link between the assault on Tomlinson and his death could not be proved beyond reasonable doubt .
It is true that the evidence is not consistent .
But nor is its quality .
Starmer 's decision not to prosecute PC Harwood rests on the first autopsy , conducted by the pathologist Dr Freddy Patel .
Other pathologists have expressed astonishment that Dr Patel was chosen for this case .
A Home Office standards committee had already ruled that he had not maintained professional standards in three other cases , after he had failed to detect what appeared to be clear evidence of injuries .
He is facing a disciplinary hearing before the General Medical Council for alleged incompetence in 26 cases .
This is n't the first run -in he has had with the council .
In 1999 he was reprimanded by the GMC for speaking to reporters about the death of a man in police custody that he was investigating , and making an unsupported allegation against him .
It looked like an unwarranted attempt to help the police out of a tricky situation .
Patel decided that Tomlinson died naturally .
But he found three litres of fluid in Tomlinson 's abdominal cavity .
His notes initially suggest that this was blood .
He disposed of the fluid .
Then he changed his notes to suggest that it was n't blood but something else .
Two subsequent postmortems , conducted by far more eminent pathologists , both concluded that Tomlinson died of internal bleeding consistent with his body hitting the pavement .
We do n't yet know why Patel was chosen to conduct the first autopsy , but it is widely believed he was recommended to the coroner by the City of London police .
The police have refused to comment .
Why could a jury not have been allowed to decide which autopsy , and which pathologists , it trusted ?
This is a moment in which the pomp and majesty of the law falls away to reveal a squalid little stitch - up .
In years to come you will hear Keir Starmer 's decision mentioned alongside the Widgery report , the Hutton report and the failure to prosecute the killers of Blair Peach and Jean Charles de Menezes .
The Tomlinson whitewash will be seen as one of British officialdom 's most notorious swindles .
The difference in this case is that , thanks to citizen journalism and the Guardian 's investigation , we have unequivocal footage of what happened to the victim .
We also know that the Independent Police Complaints Commission , which made its own assessment of the evidence , found that the case was strong enough to warrant prosecuting PC Harwood for manslaughter .
This time the Crown Prosecution Service cannot hide behind police lies about what happened .
We know what happened : we 've seen it .
This makes the stitch - up even more infuriating and obscene .
So what can be done ?
Ian Tomlinson 's family does n't have the money to mount a private prosecution .
But could we not raise it for them ?
I would welcome some advice about how much would be needed and how it could best be found .
But right now our duty as citizens is to raise Cain : to show that we will not accept such blatant inequality before the law .
If not now , when ?
They fought through fevers , colds , torn ligaments , dislocated shoulders and lazy mornings when their parents had to drag them out of bed .
Still , they showed up — every school day , from kindergarten to senior year .
Ten students from South Gate Senior High School will graduate this week with 13 years of perfect attendance .
That ’s rare , both locally and nationally .
Most schools have only one or two by senior year .
The classmates recognized this week for their flawless records began grade school in 1997 .
They managed to avoid two hazards that can take down even the most committed : chicken pox and lice .
They never missed a day — through the aftermath of Sept. 11 , through budget - cut protests , through immigration walkouts and swine flu scares .
Advertisement
The final big test came a few months ago on senior ditch day , when the senior class organizes via text messages , e-mails and word of mouth to skip school en masse .
“ Really ? ” asked Rocio Plascencia , 18 .
“ I must have been kept out of the circle or something . ”
Those who did know resisted and stuck to their daily routine of classes .
Luckily for them , the traditional escapade was spoiled by rain .
And on a second attempt , few in the class participated .
Los Angeles Unified School District spokeswoman Lydia Ramos said never missing a day of school is “ like trying to pitch a perfect game . ”
One bad throw and it ’s all over .
Advertisement
Still , most of the honorees said being present for more than 2,000 days of school was n’t something they set out to do .
Some did n’t find out they were inches away until they were called into the attendance counselor ’s office this month .
( They had n’t been recognized for it since junior high . )
“ If I stayed home , I was going to have to do chores or be bored , ” said Jimmy Castillo , 18 , whose older sister also had perfect attendance for 13 years .
Castillo , who is heading to UC Irvine , remembers he once fell off the couch and dislocated his shoulder .
He tried to get his mother to let him stay home .
“ But she told me , ‘ It ’s your left shoulder , not your right .
You can still write so you ’re going to school . ’ ”
Advertisement
Parents , of course , played a major role , setting an example by going to work each day .
They did n’t take the kids out of school for vacations or family emergencies .
And they were diligent about their children ’s vaccines and doctor visits .
On years when colds and stomach flu crept in , the students fought it off with medicine and wads of tissue paper .
If they were later sent home — and they often were — they were n’t marked absent for the day .
Melanie Barrios first got lured in by the statues they used to give out for perfect attendance in elementary school .
Now the 17 - year - old headed to Cal State Long Beach hopes her consistency will pay off in bigger ways , when she ’s looking for a job .
Advertisement
“ It shows that nothing ever stopped me , ” she said .
“ Nothing got in the way of my commitment . ”
Like other districts that count on attendance to bring in state dollars , Los Angeles Unified used to offer a bit more than shiny statues to motivate students to make it to class .
Some states have offered grocery money , mortgage payments , even cars .
Record setters in L.A. used to earn iPods and restaurant gift certificates .
On Thursday , the South Gate students got plaques , certificates from the board of education , cords to hang around their necks at graduation and some praise from the mayor .
“ They had perfect attendance not just one year or four years but 13 years , ” Mayor Gregory Martinez told the audience before he called each student ’s name during the senior awards ceremony .
“ Now that ’s an impressive dedication to your education . ”
Advertisement
Marlen Uribe walked off the stage satisfied with her reward .
The 18 - year - old who once insisted on going to school a day after a water heater exploded in her face , causing first - and second - degree burns , said she had no idea anyone was keeping track .
As she heads to UCLA to study psychology , she plans to continue her perfect record .
“ If I did it when my education was free , ” she said , “ why would I miss school when I ’m paying for it ? ”
esmeralda.bermudez@latimes.com
Enlarge By Lisa DeJong , The ( Cleveland ) Plain Dealer via AP National Day of Prayer is celebrated by , from left , Barbara Holub , 51 , Ravella Booker Pugh , 62 , and Angie Compernolle , who raise their hands in praise as they sing in the council chambers at City Hall in Cleveland on May 7 , 2009 .
Afterward , the group walked to the public square where others were meeting for prayer .
NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER Join the conversation : Religion , spirituality & ethics | Reader forum : Your beliefs Americans are overwhelmingly sure there 's a God who answers prayers .
But that does n't mean they all favor an official annual National Day of Prayer — or that its goal should be promoting Christianity .
President Obama signed the annual proclamation last weekend , inviting Americans of all religious stripes to pray on Thursday , the 2010 National Day of Prayer .
PRAYER DAY : Rev. Franklin Graham has strong words for Obama This fits with most Americans ' views : 92 % say there is a God and 83 % say this God answers prayers , according to a USA TODAY / Gallup Poll of 1,000 adults May 1 - 2 .
The margin of error is plus or minus 4 percentage points .
The survey also asked two groups of 500 people each a question about the National Day of Prayer .
These questions have a margin of error of plus or minus 5 percentage points .
One group was asked if they favored or opposed the National Day of Prayer or if it " does n't matter . "
About 57 % of adults favor it , and 38 % shrugged it off .
Only 4.5 % opposed it .
For most 18 - to 29 - year - olds , it could be the National Day of Whatever — 59 % said it does n't matter .
Those who most strongly favor it were Republicans ( 76 % ) ; women 50 and older ( 71 % ) ; and Midwesterners ( 71 % ) or Southerners ( 63 % ) .
Thousands of events nationwide are being organized Thursday by the National Day of Prayer Task Force , a private conservative evangelical group that says one of its primary goals is to " publicize and promote Christian prayer . "
FAITH & REASON : Does God only answer Christian prayers ?
COURT : Judge ruled Prayer Day unconstitutional , government appealing Among 500 respondents asked if this should be " a major goal " of the National Day of Prayer , 62 % said it should and 36 % said it should not .
People of all ages and regions held roughly similar views .
Most strongly in favor of promoting Christian prayer were Protestants ( 72 % ) and Catholics ( 70 % ) .
People with no religious preference were most strongly opposed : 69 % .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
( Or , the dark art of waveriding … )
Some DJs have been spotted in the wild playing sets without headphones on , causing a right uproar among the purists .
There ’s whispering talk that they ’ve been locked in their bedrooms , practising the dark art of “ waveriding ” .
It ’s time to come clean .
Is that you ?
Are you a “ waverider ” ?
Have you read this far and suddenly decided you want to be one ?
Do you not have the faintest idea what I ’m talking about ?
What the hell is “ waveriding ” ?
Waveriding is not a cool term for surfing , and is not something you do at the football when the game is boring .
Instead , it refers to the dark art of DJing by sight alone , using the waveforms as displayed by some modern DJ software to ensure the tunes you are mixing are “ on beat ” .
Not to be confused with auto - syncing ( where the software actually locks the tunes for you and you never have to do anything to keep them rock solid on the beat ) , waveriding is nonetheless seen as one of the dark arts by DJ purists who think that unless you ’re hunched with one ear next to the monitor speaker and your headphones cupped over the other ear , you ’re simply not a real DJ .
So how does one do it ?
Is all waveriding the same ?
And can you do it too much ?
I think it ’s time we investigated how to waveride with today ’s DJ software , and got all of this out into the open .
1 . The basic waveride ( using Virtual DJ )
To get you started in the dark art of waveriding , let ’s use as an example Virtual DJ , as this software has the first important characteristic for successful waveriding – track waveforms that run together or parallel .
Let ’s see what I ’m talking about .
This is the top half of the Virtual DJ screen with two house tracks playing together ( click on the image to enlarge it ) :
Note that their BPM ( beats per minute , or pitch , or speed ) is pretty much set the same – 124 more or less .
( Most DJ software will do this for you if you ask it nicely when you load a new track , or you may have to do it before you actually play your set . )
What we are looking at here is two tracks playing together .
Virtual DJ shows them as a red waveform and a blue waveform across the top of the screen , so you can tell them apart .
The vertical peaks are the “ thud – thud – thud ” of the kick drums , the main beat of the tracks .
The observant among you will have noticed that these two tracks do n’t have their vertical peaks , or kick drums , in the same place – one is lagging slightly behind the other .
This would sound like the classic DJ “ galloping train ” bad mix – where you hear a “ thud - thud , thud - thud , thud - thud ” as the drums sound , both tracks being a fraction of a second apart instead of together .
If this was a DJ mixing in a real situation , with both tracks playing through the speakers together , he would hopefully hear instantly and correct the situation , by nudging the track that is behind forward a bit , or nudging the one that is in front back a bit .
Now the kick drums , or vertical peaks , would line up , and happily the sound would be a crisp , clear “ thud – thud – thud ” as the beats are properly aligned .
The display would now look like this ( again , click to enlarge ) :
Now , in the old days of vinyl and CD mixing , this was all done by ear .
But DJ software lets you do it by sight too .
For instance , I could look at the display in the first picture above , and see that the “ red ” track ( the right - hand deck ) is running slightly behind the “ blue ” track ( the left - hand deck ) , and so give it a little nudge forward without actually checking on the headphones .
Indeed , a deaf person could do it !
This is what we mean by “ waveriding ” – “ riding ” the waves on the screen instead of doing it aurally through headphones or by listening to the mix the crowd is hearing .
In reality , what tends to happen is you ’ll hear the tracks slipping out of time , quickly glance at the waveform to see which way to correct , and give it a quick nudge , instinctively continuing to listen to check all sounds good after the correction .
( By the way , one of the reasons there IS still skill here is that all tracks are different , and sometimes the “ right ” sound might actually be with the waveforms showing not totally synchronised on the screen .
You still have to listen . )
Now thinking on , imagine there ’s a quiet part of the track coming up .
You ’ll see that too , because the main thudding drums ( the vertical peaks in Virtual DJ ) will not be there .
You ’ll be able to spot this just before it happens ( remember the waveforms are moving from right to left so you can see what ’s coming ) , and if you ’re in the middle of mixing two tracks , that may indicate a good time to drop from one to the other .
Again , this can undeniably be done without listening .
2 . An advanced waveride ( using Serato ITCH )
Many people love Serato ITCH because of its multi-coloured waveforms , and that nonetheless at the same it still retains some of the purist edge of old skool vinyl DJing .
You see , with ITCH 1.5 ( the current version ) , there ’s no “ lock ” that lets you lock two tunes together so they never drift apart beat - wise .
You can get the software to make their BPMs similar ( so they ’re going at pretty much the same speed ) , but as they inevitably drift apart over time , you have to use your headphones to monitor them , or alternatively “ waveride ” , them to keep them together .
Combined with the quality jogwheels on dedicated controllers like the Vestax Serato ITCH ones , this gives a nice , fluid feel when DJing that ’s similar to using vinyl or CDs .
However , because of those wonderful multi-coloured waveforms ( and other tools provided by Serato ITCH ) , there ’s a lot of potential waveriding goodness to enjoy too .
Let ’s have a look , shall we ?
OK , so that ’s the same two tracks as before .
You ’ll see that Serato ITCH displays the waveforms parallel , not overlaid .
It ’s even clearer to see what ’s going on .
Again , you ’ll notice that these two tracks are plainly out of sync , the bottom waveform being behind the top one .
Let ’s nudge one of the tracks to get them in time , shall we ?
That ’s better !
This is now as good a mix as the one we showed you above in Virtual DJ .
However , Serato ITCH is actually showing us a lot more here .
Look at the “ shape ” of the waveforms .
To start with the kick drums are a different “ shape ” , and will sound different .
Next , the top track has other stuff going on between the kick drums , whereas the bottom track is plainly just a “ thud – thud – thud ” .
Serato ITCH , because it has these parallel waveforms , lets you “ read ” the tracks more visually than Virtual DJ .
Knowing one track is a “ thud – thud – thud ” and the other is a “ thud – t- t - ts – thud – t - t - ts ” or something similar helps you with adjusting the bass , middle and treble on the mix to keep things sounding sweet .
And there ’s more .
As mentioned , the displays are multi-coloured , lower frequencies being reddish , higher ones the green - yellow in this instance .
That ’s what tells me ( in the top track , for example ) that the bits between the main ( red ) drums are a different , higher sound ( a snare sound or cymbal “ tsss ” ) .
Good DJs learn to “ read ” the tracks by this information , adjusting EQ etc instinctively , and do n’t have to listen as intently .
Like it or not , they ’re falling for the dark art of waveriding .
They might even not use the headphones and still manage to mix perfectly !
Those samples are from the very start of both tracks – the intros that are just drums .
Let ’s roll the tracks on a bit and look at some more involved music information :
Here , the top waveform is showing that this track is in the middle of a smooth , midrange section that ’s about to kick right in with a thumping drum – it ’s a second or two away from probably the peak of the whole tune .
The bottom track , or the one on the right - hand deck , is different :
It ’s more subdued ( there ’s less going on in the waveform ) and the drum is about to stop , leading in to a quiet break .
Happily , they ’re both perfectly aligned , so there ’s room for a good DJ to be messing with the EQ , filters , cutting from one to the other ( this could be a good place to do just that ) and generally staying on top of his mix and his game .
Here , waveriding is adding to the music information available to the DJ .
He still has to use his ears , but he ’s getting a confirmation of what ’s about to happen on the track visually .
( In Serato ITCH there are other visual aids , which are the two smaller waveforms in the middle of these screenshots , but we ’ll leave those to another time ) .
3. Auto - syncing , and just a bit of waveriding ( using Traktor )
Traktor users tend to work slightly differently to those of the former two programs .
You can work out the BPMs and “ beat grid ” songs ( overlaying where the beats happen , like graph paper ) so it always knows they ’re in time and where their first beats are , and from here on in they will never drift apart .
So there ’s little need to sync by ear or to waveride in the same way as you would with Virtual DJ or Serato ITCH .
Just as well ; the waveforms are n’t parallel or overlaid .
Each “ deck ” has its own module , separate from the other :
You can still see to a certain extent what ’s coming in the tracks , but there are no colours to show you frequencies so no advanced waveriding at all .
But wait !
Assuming your tracks have n’t been “ beat gridded ” and Traktor is just working out the BPMs on the fly ( it can do this , but like the other programs , it wo n’t know for sure the tracks are lined up ) there is a feature called the “ phase meter ” which … you can waveride with .
It ’s not the same , but it ’s undeniably waveriding :
Look above the right - hand waveform in the screenshot .
See the horizontal yellow bar and the cursor clicking on the left arrow ?
The bar is indicating that this track is “ out of phase ” ( ie out of time ) with the track to the left ; Traktor has attempted to get the two tracks to the right BPM , but as it has n’t been told for sure where the beats all go , and these tracks are n’t “ beat gridded ” together , they need to be jogged together .
You can do this by ear by clicking on those arrows until the tracks sound right together ( ie they are nudged “ into phase ” ) but if you watch that horizontal bar as you do it , it will get smaller ( or bigger if you ’re going the wrong way ) .
When it ’s gone , you ’re on the beat .
Feels very much like waveriding to me !
4 . The “ that ’s just ridiculous ” waveride
Ableton
DJs set up loops , trigger points and other elements of tracks way in advance , and the software “ launches ” them on time , on the beat , and without any timing necessary from the “ DJ ” other than to casually decide what ’s coming next and kind of , you know , let the hardware know , in a nonchalant style .
This is not DJing but a blend of DJing and production .
It ’s great , but there are n’t even any waves to ride , so it must be disqualified from this discussion .
Except we ’ll include it because it ’s the one that REALLY gets the “ it was great in ’ 88 ! ” crew foaming at their mouths ! 🙂
So , is it REALLY possible to DJ without headphones ?
In all seriousness , I ’ve yet to find any real DJ who does this .
You ’d look an idiot , to start with .
Plus there ’s a lot more musical information in tracks than just that which can be shown on a screen , even a smart multi-coloured one .
But beat gridding , syncing , waveriding … it all helps you to perform better :
That ’s the bottom line .
While the diehards say this is not real DJing , the truth is that all of these thing are great for good DJs , but they wo n’t save bad ones .
All it takes is a beat grid to be out ; or a panicking DJ to turn the wrong song off because a galloping train starts to happen as two songs drift apart ; or someone to think they can DJ without even having the headphones on , only for the the keys of the songs to clash horribly ; or any one of 100 other technical or musical issues to can go wrong ( not to mention the DJ just someone having no musical knowledge and taste that sucks ) and that DJ has just sucked in public .
At least if he ’d had headphones on he would n’t have heard the booing .
You still have to be a good DJ to perform well with any of these programs and any of these features .
It ’s just that waveriding helps you to make a better , more creative job of it .
• Want to learn how to mix properly , manually or with sync , and with or without waveforms ?
Grab our How To Digital DJ
Fast course now !
Do you waveride ?
Do you see DJs not even putting their headphones to their ears and find it annoying ?
Do you think it ’s important to be able to do it well by ear even if you do n’t always use your ‘ phones for every mix ?
Let us know your feelings .
Toyota US at one point held a press conference at which ' independent ' consultants dismissed suggestions of faulty electronics
Reports from the US that driver error was the cause of the vast majority of Toyota 's accelerator problems have been dismissed by a key government agency as " planted " .
Widespread speculation has centred on initial findings from the US Department of Transportation ( DOT ) , of which the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) is part , that drivers have been to blame for the unintended acceleration by pressing wrong pedals .
However , the NHTSA , the body responsible for examining the Toyota pedal problems in the US , has firmly rebutted claims the story came from the safety organisation .
" That story was planted by Toyota , " an NHTSA spokeswoman in Washington told just - auto .
" Toyota is the source - yes we know that for definite .
" It is [ the ] Toyota PR machine .
We knew they were going to put it out . "
Toyota Motor Europe ( TME ) yesterday declined to comment on the reports , but today ( 15 July ) said it had read the articles .
" There have been conversations with Toyota in the US and Japan and people involved in the investigations but it is pretty hard from Brussels to have a view on what was said to whom and at what moment , " a TME spokesman in Belgium told just - auto .
" The story quotes a spokesperson so I assume there was some contact between [ a newspaper ] and Toyota .
This seems a bit general but of course driver error could be part of it . "
Toyota recalled more than eight million vehicles worldwide as part of its investigations into the acceleration issues .
Toyota in Tokyo could not be reached for comment .
US : Regulators find no Toyota electronic defects
“ The Portable Linux Apps project brings the ideal of “ 1 app , 1 file ” to Linux .
Applications are able to run on all major distributions irrespective of their packaging systems – everything the application needs to run is packaged up inside of it .
There are no folders to extract , dependencies to install or commands to enter : “ Just download , make executable , and run ! ” ” A follow - up article describes how it works , and how to transform debian packages into AppImages .
The packages do n’t include libraries , so the system wo n’t need to update the same library in each individual app .
# 920473 +( 3639 ) - [ X ] lemonlimeskull :
One guy keeps following me from chat room to chat room begging to blow me because he found out I live about a half hour away .
lemonlimeskull :
Other guy wants to fight me IRL because I posted on a forum that his local band sucks ass .
lemonlimeskull : I 'm going to agree to meet the two of them - same location at the same time .
lemonlimeskull : I wo n't show up , of course - tomorrow one guy will be in the hospital or the other one will be a lot more mellow .
lemonlimeskull : Will keep you posted .
If you see extra mouse cursors moving around : do n’t worry , they ’re part of the demo .
You can always disable them if you want .
I ’ve written a follow - up on this article , in which I improved a lot of the code .
Be sure to read that one too !
If you ’re using a browser that supports web sockets , you might see some extra mouse cursors moving around .
These are actually other people also looking at this page right now , live , as we speak .
If you do n’t see anything , try to open up this page in another browser window next to this one and move your mouse in it .
This is an experiment I did to play around with Node.js and web sockets .
I ’ve put everything in a Gist in case you want to try it out yourself .
I ’ll explain how it works in this article .
Web socket server
Using @miksago ‘s node - websocket - server made it extremely easy to send and receive messages from a web socket .
Here ’s the code that runs the server :
var ws = require ( __dirname + '/ lib/ws ' ) , server = ws . createServer ( ) ; server .
addListener ( " connection " , function ( conn ) { conn .
addListener ( " message " , function ( message ) { message = JSON . parse ( message ) ; message [ ' id ' ] = conn .
id conn .
broadcast ( JSON . stringify ( message ) ) ; } ) ; } ) ; server .
addListener ( " close " , function ( conn ) { conn .
broadcast ( JSON . stringify ( { ' id ' : conn . id , ' action ' : ' close ' } ) ) ; } ) ; server .
listen ( 8000 ) ;
After including the node - websocket - server library and creating the server , I add some listeners to know when clients disconnect or send a message and make sure messages get sent to the other clients .
Whenever it receives a JSON message , it includes the connection ’s id before broadcasting it to the clients to make it possible to find out which cursor we need to move .
I saved it as server.js , so starting the server is as simple as running node server.js .
To make sure it keeps running , I daemonized it with God , using the same config file I used in the “ Daemonizing Navvy with God ” article .
Receiving messages
Now , in a regular javascript file — with some jQuery — I included into this page , I connect to the web socket like this :
var conn ; var connect = function ( ) { if ( window [ " WebSocket " ] ) { conn = new WebSocket ( " ws://jeffkreeftmeijer.com:8000 " ) ; conn .
onmessage = function ( evt ) { data = JSON . parse ( evt . data ) ; if ( data [ ' action ' ] == ' close ' ) { $ ( ' # mouse_ ' + data [ ' id ' ] ) . remove ( ) ; } else if ( data [ ' action ' ] == ' move ' ) { move ( data ) ; } ; } ; } } ; window .
onload = connect ;
As you can see , this connects to the server we just started .
When a message is received , it checks the action it ’s supposed to perform .
If the action is “ move ” , it ’ll move a mouse cursor on the screen using the move ( ) function I ’ll show you later .
If it ’s “ close ” , it means that the client disconnected and his cursor has to be removed from the screen .
Sending messages
Now we ’re able to receive messages , move and delete cursors .
The last thing we need is the client to be able to send out messages :
$ ( document ) . mousemove ( ratelimit ( function ( e ) { if ( conn ) { conn .
send ( JSON . stringify ( { ' action ' : ' move ' , ' x ' : e . pageX , 'y ' : e . pageY , 'w ' : $ ( window ) . width ( ) , 'h ' : $ ( window ) . height ( ) } ) ) ; } } , 40 ) ) ;
Whenever you move your mouse , the .mousemouse ( ) function gets triggered that sends some JSON with the mouse position and screen size to the socket .
The ratelimit method makes sure that there ’s a forty millisecond interval between messages .
Moving the cursors
So , when the other clients receive a “ move ” message , it calls the move ( ) function , like I showed you before .
It looks like this :
function move ( mouse ) { if ( $ ( ' # mouse_ ' + mouse [ ' id ' ] ) .
length == 0 ) { $ ( ' body ' ) . append ( ' < div class = " mouse " id =" mouse_ ' + mouse [ ' id ' ] + ' " />' ) ; } $ ( ' # mouse_ ' + mouse [ ' id ' ] ) .
css ( { ' left ' : (( $ ( window ) . width ( ) - mouse [ ' w' ] ) / 2 + mouse [ ' x ' ] ) + ' px ' , ' top ' : mouse [ 'y ' ] + ' px ' })
It creates a div for the new mouse if it does n’t exist yet and moves it to the right position .
Also , the x-position of the mouse gets calculated while keeping the difference in screen size in mind .
This way it gets calculated from the center of the page , instead of from the left .
Blew your mind ?
Tracking mouse movement and showing cursors to other clients is cool , but not useful in any way ( although you could think of some cool use - cases for this ) .
What this example does show is that you can do pretty impressive things using web sockets and Node.js .
And it was a great excuse to play around with it .
This was the first thing I did using Node.js , so the code is probably far from perfect .
If you know a way to improve it , please fork the Gist and show me how it should be done .
I ’ll update the article .
I ’m excited about Node.js and I ’ll probably write and play around with it some more in the future , so stay tuned .
President Calvin Coolidge said that the business of America was business , for which he was castigated or ridiculed by the aboriginal American intelligentsia .
Coolidge was disdained because he did n't do much in office , but few presidents did unless faced with wars , rebellion , or other crises .
But the fact is , old Cal was right .
Business is the thing most Americans do best , even better than government .
Everything that we do well , after all , depends on American business .
Good government , military power , employment , charity , standards of living and serving as refuge to failed societies depend on the health of American enterprise .
As business goes , so goes the nation .
This should be evident in recessions .
The majority of Americans work and therefore eat and pay taxes because they are involved in some sort of surplus - producing private business , from industry to sales to finance to science and agriculture .
Enterprises such as charities , education , and government — non-profits in general — are utterly dependent on profit - making business for funding .
You 'd think people would grasp this when things get rough .
But many simply blame business for their problems .
Rather than rally , repair , and support enterprise , many want to kick it when it 's down .
Most downturns result from government policies ( too much credit or too little ; remember , government completely controls money and credit ) but governments never blame themselves .
And instead of saving business , most try to save themselves .
There are many reasons for this .
Business is always being undermined by the demons inherent in democracy : greedy politicians and populist programs that gut it .
By and large , educators and clergy , who create no wealth , put other callings first .
Bright people are urged not to go into business and make money but to serve their fellow man .
The problem is , nobody can serve anybody without the wherewithal .
Many people who live off donations and taxes affect to despise the source , much in the manner that clean - handed lords despised their grubbing serfs .
Business usually has a bad time with experts and politicians , who see business mainly as a public tool to be manipulated and exploited .
However , a modern economy is too complex to be managed by policy makers of any ilk , liberal or conservative .
Most efforts to run or regulate business screw up .
This is why I sometimes think that the mindless market ( throw mud on the wall and see what sticks ) is superior to all the well - laid plans of mice and men .
Politicians say they love business .
Untrue .
Democrats love jobs but hate employers .
Republicans love capitalism but detest entrepreneurs who create wealth but distrust politicians .
Both parties prefer business as a cash cow rather than a raging bull .
Still , I think most Americans retain a sense of this reality :
To be in business , you must create , provide or sell something .
If you can't do this , you are n't in business ; if you can't profit from it , you 're out of business .
This is extremely democratic , because the public votes on you every day .
There is hope in our hypocrisy .
While we profess admiration for professors , politicians , and preachers , most of us would rather have lunch with Bill Gates or Warren Buffett .
This just in from Tokyo : Honda plans to roll out a plug - in hybrid and a full EV within three years .
Honda honcho Takanobu Ito is expected to announce the company 's plans during a press conference Tuesday , Japan 's business daily Nikkei reports , according to Reuters .
There are no details beyond Honda 's claim the plug - in will go 60 kilometers on a liter of gas , which is 141 mpg by our math .
( Please let us know if we 've screwed that up . )
The announcement shows Honda is hell - bent on going toe - to - toe with Toyota in the hybrid , plug - in and battery electric arena .
Honda 's released the Insight and CR - Z hybrids to compete against Toyota 's gas - electric lineup , and any plug - in it might be working on is almost surely a response to the plug - in Prius we 'll see in 2012 .
Ito has made it a mission to bring down the cost of hybrids , and the Honda Fit hybrid we keep hearing about could be the cheapest hybrid yet .
The electric is more interesting because Honda has so far bet the farm on hydrogen .
Yes , Honda 's got experience with EVs – the EV Plus ( pictured ) was the first from a major manufacturer that did n't use lead - acid batteries – and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles are electric .
But Honda 's kept quiet about any battery electrics it might be working on .
Although the EV surely has been in development for awhile , you have to wonder if Tuesday 's announcement is a response to Toyota 's announcement on Friday that it is working with Tesla to bring back the RAV4 EV ...
Cutaway diagram of the 1997 EV Plus : Honda
On What There Is ( 1948 )
by ( 1948 ) sister projects : Wikidata item .
1948 paper " On What There Is " published in Review of Metaphysics .
Reprinted in 1953 From a Logical Point of View .
Harvard University Press .
Revised and reprinted later ; revisions are explicitly covered by copyright .
1948 paper " On What There Is " published in .
Reprinted in 1953 .
Harvard University Press .
Revised and reprinted later ; revisions are explicitly covered by copyright .
191751 On What There Is Willard Van Orman Quine 1948
A curious thing about the ontological problem is its simplicity .
It can be put in three Anglo - Saxon monosyllables : ‘ What is there ? ’
It can be answered , moreover , in a word — ‘ Everything ’— and everyone will accept this answer as true .
However , this is merely to say that there is what there is .
There remains room for disagreement over cases ; and so the issue has stayed alive down the centuries .
Suppose now that two philosophers , McX and I , differ over ontology .
Suppose McX maintains there is something which I maintain there is not .
McX can , quite consistently with his own point of view , describe our difference of opinion by saying that I refuse to recognize certain entities .
I should protest , of course , that he is wrong in his formulation of our disagreement , for I maintain that there are no entities , of the kind which he alleges , for me to recognize ; but my finding him wrong in his formulation of our disagreement is unimportant , for I am committed to considering him wrong in his ontology anyway .
When I try to formulate our difference of opinion , on the other hand , I seem to be in a predicament .
I cannot admit that there are some things which McX countenances and I do not , for in admitting that there are such things I should be contradicting my own rejection of them .
It would appear , if this reasoning were sound , that in any ontological dispute the proponent of the negative side suffers the disadvantage of not being able to admit that his opponent disagrees with him .
This is the old Platonic riddle of nonbeing .
Nonbeing must in some sense be , otherwise what is it that there is not ?
This tangled doctrine might be nicknamed Plato ’s beard ; historically it has proved tough , frequently dulling the edge of Occam ’s razor .
It is some such line of thought that leads philosophers like McX to impute being where they might otherwise be quite content to recognize that there is nothing .
Thus , take Pegasus .
If Pegasus were not , McX argues , we should not be talking about anything when we use the word ; therefore it would be nonsense to say even that Pegasus is not .
Thinking to show thus that the denial of Pegasus cannot be coherently maintained , he concludes that Pegasus is .
McX cannot , indeed , quite persuade himself that any region of space - time , near or remote , contains a flying horse of flesh and blood .
Pressed for further details on Pegasus , then , he says that Pegasus is an idea in men ’s minds .
Here , however , a confusion begins to be apparent .
We may for the sake of argument concede that there is an entity , and even a unique entity ( though this is rather implausible ) , which is the mental Pegasus - idea ; but this mental entity is not what people are talking about when they deny Pegasus .
McX never confuses the Parthenon with the Parthenon - idea .
The Parthenon is physical ; the Parthenon - idea is mental ( according anyway to McX ’s version of ideas , and I have no better to offer ) .
The Parthenon is visible ; the Parthenon - idea is invisible .
We cannot easily imagine two things more unlike , and less liable to confusion , than the Parthenon and the Parthenon - idea .
But when we shift from the Parthenon to Pegasus , the confusion sets in — for no other reason than that McX would sooner be deceived by the crudest and most flagrant counterfeit than grant the nonbeing of Pegasus .
The notion that Pegasus must be , because it would otherwise be nonsense to say even that Pegasus is not , has been seen to lead McX into an elementary confusion .
Subtler minds , taking the same precept as their starting point , come out with theories of Pegasus which are less patently misguided than McX’s , and correspondingly more difficult to eradicate .
One of these subtler minds is named , let us say , Wyman .
Pegasus , Wyman maintains , has his being as an unactualized possible .
When we say of Pegasus that there is no such thing , we are saying , more precisely , that Pegasus does not have the special attribute of actuality .
Saying that Pegasus is not actual is on a par , logically , with saying that the Parthenon is not red ; in either case we are saying something about an entity whose being is unquestioned .
Wyman , by the way , is one of those philosophers who have united in ruining the good old word ‘ exist ’ .
Despite his espousal of unactualized possibles , he limits the word ‘ existence ’ to actuality — thus preserving an illusion of ontological agreement between himself and us who repudiate the rest of his bloated universe .
We have all been prone to say , in our common - sense usage of ‘ exist ’ , that Pegasus does not exist , meaning simply that there is no such entity at all .
If Pegasus existed he would indeed be in space and time , but only because the word ‘ Pegasus ’ has spatio - temporal connotations , and not because ‘ exists ’ has spatio - temporal connotations .
If spatio - temporal reference is lacking when we affirm the existence of the cube root of 27 , this is simply because a cube root is not a spatio - temporal kind of thing , and not because we are being ambiguous in our use of ‘ exist ’ .
However , Wyman , in an ill - conceived effort to appear agreeable , genially grants us the nonexistence of Pegasus and then , contrary to what we meant by nonexistence of Pegasus , insists that Pegasus is .
Existence is one thing , he says , and subsistence is another .
The only way I know of coping with this obfuscation of issues is to give Wyman the word ‘ exist ’ .
I ’ll try not to use it again ; I still have ‘ is ’ .
So much for lexicography ; let ’s get back to Wyman ’s ontology .
Wyman ’s overpopulated universe is in many ways unlovely .
It offends the aesthetic sense of us who have a taste for desert landscapes , but this is not the worst of it .
Wyman ’s slum of possibles is a breeding ground for disorderly elements .
Take , for instance , the possible fat man in that doorway ; and , again , the possible bald man in that doorway .
Are they the same possible man , or two possible men ?
How do we decide ?
How many possible men are there in that doorway ?
Are there more possible thin ones than fat ones ?
How many of them are alike ?
Or would their being alike make them one ?
Are no two possible things alike ?
Is this the same as saying that it is impossible for two things to be alike ?
Or , finally , is the concept of identity simply inapplicable to unactualized possibles ?
But what sense can be found in talking of entities which cannot meaningfully be said to be identical with themselves and distinct from one another ?
These elements are well - nigh incorrigible .
By a Fregean therapy of individual concepts , some effort might be made at rehabilitation ; but I feel we ’d do better simply to clear Wyman ’s slum and be done with it .
Possibility , along with the other modalities of necessity and impossibility and contingency , raises problems upon which I do not mean to imply that we should turn our backs .
But we can at least limit modalities to whole statements .
We may impose the adverb ‘ possibly ’ upon a statement as a whole , and we may well worry about the semantical analysis of such usage ; but little real advance in such analysis is to be hoped for in expanding our universe to include so - called possible entities .
I suspect that the main motive for this expansion is simply the old notion that Pegasus , for example , must be because otherwise it would be nonsense to say even that he is not .
Still , all the rank luxuriance of Wyman ’s universe of possibles would seem to come to naught when we make a slight change in the example and speak not of Pegasus but of the round square cupola on Berkeley College .
If , unless Pegasus were , it would be nonsense to say that he is not , then by the same token , unless the round square cupola on Berkeley College were , it would be nonsense to say that it is not .
But , unlike Pegasus , the round square cupola on Berkeley College cannot be admitted even as an unactualized possible .
Can we drive Wyman now to admitting also a realm of unactualizable impossibles ?
If so , a good many embarrassing questions could be asked about them .
We might hope even to trap Wyman in contradictions , by getting him to admit that certain of these entities are at once round and square .
But the wily Wyman chooses the other horn of the dilemma and concedes that it is nonsense to say that the round square cupola on Berkeley College is not .
He says that the phrase ‘ round square cupola ’ is meaningless .
Wyman was not the first to embrace this alternative .
The doctrine of the meaninglessness of contradictions runs away back .
The tradition survives , moreover , in writers who seem to share none of Wyman ’s motivations .
Still , I wonder whether the first temptation to such a doctrine may not have been substantially the motivation which we have observed in Wyman .
Certainly the doctrine has no intrinsic appeal ; and it has led its devotees to such quixotic extremes as that of challenging the method of proof by reductio ad absurdum — a challenge in which I sense a reductio ad absurdum of the doctrine itself .
Moreover , the doctrine of meaninglessness of contradictions has the severe methodological drawback that it makes it impossible , in principle , ever to devise an effective test of what is meaningful and what is not .
It would be forever impossible for us to devise systematic ways of deciding whether a string of signs made sense — even to us individually , let alone other people — or not .
For it follows from a discovery in mathematical logic , due to Church [ 2 ] , that there can be no generally applicable test of contradictoriness .
I have spoken disparagingly of Plato ’s beard , and hinted that it is tangled .
I have dwelt at length on the inconveniences of putting up with it .
It is time to think about taking steps .
Russell , in his theory of so - called singular descriptions , showed clearly how we might meaningfully use seeming names without supposing that there be the entities allegedly named .
The names to which Russell ’s theory directly applies are complex descriptive names such as ‘ the author of Waverley ’ , ‘ the present King of France ’ , ‘ the round square cupola on Berkeley College ’ .
Russell analyzes such phrases systematically as fragments of the whole sentences in which they occur .
The sentence “ The author of Waverley was a poet ’ , for example , is explained as a whole as meaning ‘ Someone ( better : something ) wrote Waverley and was a poet , and nothing else wrote Waverley ’ .
( The point of this added clause is to affirm the uniqueness which is implicit in the word ‘ the’ , in ‘ the author of Waverley ’ . )
The sentence ‘ The round square cupola on Berkeley College is pink ’ is explained as ‘ Something is round and square and is a cupola on Berkeley College and is pink , and nothing else is round and square and a cupola on Berkeley College ’ .
The virtue of this analysis is that the seeming name , a descriptive phrase , is paraphrased in context as a so - called incomplete symbol .
No unified expression is offered as an analysis of the descriptive phrase , but the statement as a whole which was the context of that phrase still gets its full quota of meaning — whether true or false .
The unanalyzed statement ‘ The author of Waverley was a poet ’ contains a part , ‘ the author of Waverley ’ , which is wrongly supposed by McX and Wyman to demand objective reference in order to be meaningful at all .
But in Russell ’s translation , ‘ Something wrote Waverley and was a poet and nothing else wrote Waverley ’ , the burden of objective reference which had been put upon the descriptive phrase is now taken over by words of the kind that logicians call bound variables , variables of quantification , namely , words like ‘ something ’ , ‘ nothing ’ , ‘ everything ’ .
These words , far from purporting to be names specifically of the author of Waverley , do not purport to be names at all ; they refer to entities generally , with a kind of studied ambiguity peculiar to themselves .
These quantificational words or bound variables are , of course a basic part of language , and their meaningfulness , at least in context , is not to be challenged .
But their meaningfulness in no way presupposes there being either the author of Waverley or the round square cupola on Berkeley College or any other specifically preassigned objects .
Where descriptions are concerned , there is no longer any difficulty in affirming or denying being .
‘ There is the author of Waverley ’ is explained by Russell as meaning ‘ Someone ( or , more strictly , something ) wrote Waverley and nothing else wrote Waverley ’ .
‘ The author of Waverley is not ’ is explained , correspondingly , as the alternation ‘ Either each thing failed to write Waverley or two or more things wrote Waverley ’ .
This alternation is false , but meaningful ; and it contains no expression purporting to name the author of Waverley .
The statement ‘ The round square cupola on Berkeley College is not ’ is analyzed in similar fashion .
So the old notion that statements of nonbeing defeat themselves goes by the board .
When a statement of being or nonbeing is analyzed by Russell ’s theory of descriptions , it ceases to contain any expression which even purports to name the alleged entity whose being is in question , so that the meaningfulness of the statement no longer can be thought to presuppose that there be such an entity .
Now what of ‘ Pegasus ’ ?
This being a word rather than a descriptive phrase , Russell ’s argument does not immediately apply to it .
However , it can easily be made to apply .
We have only to rephrase ‘ Pegasus ’ as a description , in any way that seems adequately to single out our idea ; say , ‘ the winged horse that was captured by Bellerophon ’ .
Substituting such a phrase for ‘ Pegasus ’ , we can then proceed to analyze the statement ‘ Pegasus is ’ , or ‘ Pegasus is not ’ , precisely on the analogy of Russell ’s analysis of ‘ The author of Waverley is ’ and ‘ The author of Waverley is not ’ .
In order thus to subsume a one - word name or alleged name such as ‘ Pegasus ’ under Russell ’s theory of description , we must , of course , be able first to translate the word into a description .
But this is no real restriction .
If the notion of Pegasus had been so obscure or so basic a one that no pat translation into a descriptive phrase had offered itself along familiar lines , we could still have availed ourselves of the following artificial and trivial - seeming device : we could have appealed to the ex hypothesi unanalyzable , irreducible attribute of being Pegasus , adopting , for its expression , the verb ‘ is - Pegasus ’ , or ‘ pegasizes ’ .
The noun ‘ Pegasus ’ itself could then be treated as derivative , and identified after all with a description : ‘ the thing that is - Pegasus ’ , ‘ the thing that pegasizes ’ .
If the importing of such a predicate as ‘ pegasizes ’ seems to commit us to recognizing that there is a corresponding attribute , pegasizing , in Plato ’s heaven or in the minds of men , well and good .
Neither we nor Wyman nor McX have been contending , thus far , about the being or nonbeing of universals , but rather about that of Pegasus .
If in terms of pegasizing we can interpret the noun ‘ Pegasus ’ as a description subject to Russell ’s theory of descriptions , then we have disposed of the old notion that Pegasus cannot be said not to be without presupposing that in some sense Pegasus is .
Our argument is now quite general .
McX and Wyman supposed that we could not meaningfully affirm a statement of the form ‘ So - and - so is not ’ , with a simple or descriptive singular noun in place of ‘ so - and - so ’ , unless so - and - so is .
This supposition is now seen to be quite generally groundless , since the singular noun in question can always be expanded into a singular description , trivially or otherwise , and then analyzed out à la Russell .
We commit ourselves to an ontology containing numbers when we say there are prime numbers larger than a million ; we commit ourselves to an ontology containing centaurs when we say there are centaurs ; and we commit ourselves to an ontology containing Pegasus when we say Pegasus is .
But we do not commit ourselves to an ontology containing Pegasus or the author of Waverley or the round square cupola on Berkeley College when we say that Pegasus or the author of Waverley or the cupola in question is not .
We need no longer labor under the delusion that the meaningfulness of a statement containing a singular term presupposes an entity named by the term .
A singular term need not name to be significant .
An inkling of this might have dawned on Wyman and McX even without benefit of Russell if they had only noticed — as so few of us do — that there is a gulf between meaning and naming even in the case of a singular term which is genuinely a name of an object .
The following example from Frege [ 3 ] will serve .
The phrase ‘ Evening Star ’ names a certain large physical object of spherical form , which is hurtling through space some scores of millions of miles from here .
The phrase ‘ Morning Star ’ names the same thing , as was probably first established by some observant Babylonian .
But the two phrases cannot be regarded as having the same meaning ; otherwise that Babylonian could have dispensed with his observations and contented himself with reflecting on the meanings of his words .
The meanings , then , being different from one another , must be other than the named object , which is one and the same in both cases .
Confusion of meaning with naming not only made McX think he could not meaningfully repudiate Pegasus ; a continuing confusion of meaning with naming no doubt helped engender his absurd notion that Pegasus is an idea , a mental entity .
The structure of his confusion is as follows .
He confused the alleged named object Pegasus with the meaning of the word ‘ Pegasus ’ , therefore concluding that Pegasus must be in order that the word have meaning .
But what sorts of things are meanings ?
This is a moot point ; however , one might quite plausibly explain meanings as ideas in the mind , supposing we can make clear sense in turn of the idea of ideas in the mind .
Therefore Pegasus , initially confused with a meaning , ends up as an idea in the mind .
It is the more remarkable that Wyman , subject to the same initial motivation as McX , should have avoided this particular blunder and wound up with unactualized possibles instead .
Now let us turn to the ontological problem of universals : the question whether there are such entities as attributes , relations , classes , numbers , functions .
McX , characteristically enough , thinks there are .
Speaking of attributes , he says : “ There are red houses , red roses , red sunsets ; this much is prephilosophical common sense in which we must all agree .
These houses , roses , and sunsets , then , have something in common ; and this which they have in common is all I mean by the attribute of redness . ”
For McX , thus , there being attributes is even more obvious and trivial than the obvious and trivial fact of there being red houses , roses , and sunsets .
This , I think , is characteristic of metaphysics , or at least of that part of metaphysics called ontology : one who regards a statement on this subject as true at all must regard it as trivially true .
One ’s ontology is basic to the conceptual scheme by which he interprets all experiences , even the most commonplace ones .
Judged within some particular conceptual scheme — and how else is judgment possible ?— an ontological statement goes without saying , standing in need of no separate justification at all .
Ontological statements follow immediately from all manner of casual statements of commonplace fact , just as — from the point of view , anyway , of McX ’s conceptual scheme —
‘ There is an attribute ’ follows from ‘ There are red houses , red roses , red sunsets ’ .
Judged in another conceptual scheme , an ontological statement which is axiomatic to McX ’s mind may , with equal immediacy and triviality , be adjudged false .
One may admit that there are red houses , roses , and sunsets , but deny , except as a popular and misleading manner of speaking , that they have anything in common .
The words ‘ houses ’ , ‘ roses ’ , and ‘ sunsets ’ are true of sundry individual entities which are houses and roses and sunsets , and the word ‘ red ’ or ‘ red object ’ is true of each of sundry individual entities which are red houses , red roses , red sunsets ; but there is not , in addition , any entity whatever , individual or otherwise , which is named by the word ‘ redness ’ , nor , for that matter , by the word ‘ househood ’ , ‘ rosehood ’ , ‘ sunsethood ’ .
That the houses and roses and sunsets are all of them red may be taken as ultimate and irreducible , and it may be held that McX is no better off , in point of real explanatory power , for all the occult entities which he posits under such names as ‘ redness ’ .
One means by which McX might naturally have tried to impose his ontology of universals on us was already removed before we turned to the problem of universals .
McX cannot argue that predicates such as ‘ red ’ or ‘ is - red ’ , which we all concur in using , must be regarded as names each of a single universal entity in order that they be meaningful at all .
For we have seen that being a name of something is a much more special feature than being meaningful .
He cannot even charge us — at least not by that argument — with having posited an attribute of pegasizing by our adoption of the predicate ‘ pegasizes ’ .
However , McX hits upon a different strategem .
“ Let us grant , ” he says , “ this distinction between meaning and naming of which you make so much .
Let us even grant that ‘ is red ’ , ‘ pegasizes ’ , etc. , are not names of attributes .
Still , you admit they have meanings .
But these meanings , whether they are named or not , are still universals , and I venture to say that some of them might even be the very things that I call attributes , or something to much the same purpose in the end . ”
For McX , this is an unusually penetrating speech ; and the only way I know to counter it is by refusing to admit meanings .
However , I feel no reluctance toward refusing to admit meanings , for I do not thereby deny that words and statements are meaningful .
McX and I may agree to the letter in our classification of linguistic forms into the meaningful and the meaningless , even though McX construes meaningfulness as the having ( in some sense of ‘ having ’ ) of some abstract entity which he calls a meaning , whereas I do not .
I remain free to maintain that the fact that a given linguistic utterance is meaningful ( or significant , as I prefer to say so as not to invite hypostasis of meanings as entities ) is an ultimate and irreducible matter of fact ; or , I may undertake to analyze it in terms directly of what people do in the presence of the linguistic utterance in question and other utterances similar to it .
The useful ways in which people ordinarily talk or seem to talk about meanings boil down to two : the having of meanings , which is significance , and sameness of meaning , or synonymy .
What is called giving the meaning of an utterance is simply the uttering of a synonym , couched , ordinarily , in clearer language than the original .
If we are allergic to meanings as such , we can speak directly of utterances as significant or insignificant , and as synonymous or heteronymous one with another .
The problem of explaining these adjectives ‘ significant ’ and ‘ synonymous ’ with some degree of clarity and rigor — preferably , as I see it , in terms of behavior — is as difficult as it is important .
But the explanatory value of special and irreducible intermediary entities called meanings is surely illusory .
Up to now I have argued that we can use singular terms significantly in sentences without presupposing that there are the entities which those terms purport to name .
I have argued further that we can use general terms , for example , predicates , without conceding them to be names of abstract entities .
I have argued further that we can view utterances as significant , and as synonymous or heteronymous with one another , without countenancing a realm of entities called meanings .
At this point McX begins ; to wonder whether there is any limit at all to our ontological immunity .
Does nothing we may say commit us to the assumption of universals or other entities which we may find unwelcome ?
I have already suggested a negative answer to this question , in speaking of bound variables , or variables of quantification , in connection with Russell ’s theory of descriptions .
We can very easily involve ourselves in ontological commitments by saying , for example , that there is something ( bound variable ) which red houses and sunsets have in common ; or that there is something which is a prime number larger than a million .
But , this is , essentially , the only way we can involve ourselves in ontological commitments : by our use of bound variables .
The use of alleged names is no criterion , for we can repudiate their namehood at the drop of a hat unless the assumption of a corresponding entity can be spotted in the things we affirm in terms of bound variables .
Names are , in fact , altogether immaterial to the ontological issue , for I have shown , in connection with ‘ Pegasus ’ and ‘ pegasize ’ , that names can be converted to descriptions , and Russell has shown that descriptions can be eliminated .
Whatever we say with the help of names can be said in a language which shuns names altogether .
To be assumed as an entity is , purely and simply , to be reckoned as the value of a variable .
In terms of the categories of traditional grammar , this amounts roughly to saying that to be is to be in the range of reference of a pronoun .
Pronouns are the basic media of reference ; nouns might better have been named propronouns .
The variables of quantification , ‘ something ’ , ‘ nothing ’ , ‘ everything ’ , range over our whole ontology , whatever it may be ; and we are convicted of a particular ontological presupposition if , and only if , the alleged presuppositum has to be reckoned among the entities over which our variables range in order to render one of our affirmations true .
We may say , for example , that some dogs are white and not thereby commit ourselves to recognizing either doghood or whiteness as entities .
‘ Some dogs are white ’ says that some things that are dogs are white ; and , in order that this statement be true , the things over which the bound variable ‘ something ’ ranges must include some white dogs , but need not include doghood or whiteness .
On the other hand , when we say that some zoological species are cross - fertile we are committing ourselves to recognizing as entities the several species themselves , abstract though they are .
We remain so committed at least until we devise some way of so paraphrasing the statement as to show that the seeming reference to species on the part of our bound variable was an avoidable manner of speaking .
Classical mathematics , as the example of primes larger than a million clearly illustrates , is up to its neck in commitments to an ontology of abstract entities .
Thus it is that the great mediaeval controversy over universals has flared up anew in the modern philosophy of mathematics .
The issue is clearer now than of old , because we now have a more explicit standard whereby to decide what ontology a given theory or form of discourse is committed to : a theory is committed to those and only those entities to which the bound variables of the theory must be capable of referring in order that the affirmations made in the theory be true .
Because this standard of ontological presupposition did not emerge clearly in the philosophical tradition , the modern philosophical mathematicians have not on the whole recognized that they were debating the same old problem of universals in a newly clarified form .
But the fundamental cleavages among modern points of view on foundations of mathematics do come down pretty explicitly to disagreements as to the range of entities to which the bound variables should be permitted to refer .
The three main mediaeval points of view regarding universals are designated by historians as realism , conceptualism , and nominalism .
Essentially these same three doctrines reappear in twentieth - century surveys of the philosophy of mathematics under the new names logicism , intuitionism , and formalism .
Realism , as the word is used in connection with the mediaeval controversy over universals , is the Platonic doctrine that universals or abstract entities have being independently of the mind ; the mind may discover them but cannot create them .
Logicism , represented by Frege , Russell , Whitehead , Church , and Carnap , condones the use of bound variables to refer to abstract entities known and unknown , specifiable and unspecifiable , indiscriminately .
Conceptualism holds that there are universals but they are mind - made .
Intuitionism , espoused in modern times in one form or another by Poincaré , Brouwer , Weyl , and others , countenances the use of bound variables to refer to abstract entities only when those entities are capable of being cooked up individually from ingredients specified in advance .
As Fraenkel has put it , logicism holds that classes are discovered while intuitionism holds that they are invented — a fair statement indeed of the old opposition between realism and conceptualism .
This opposition is no mere quibble ; it makes an essential difference in the amount of classical mathematics to which one is willing to subscribe .
Logicists , or realists , are able on their assumptions to get Cantor ’s ascending orders of infinity ; intuitionists are compelled to stop with the lowest order of infinity , and , as an indirect consequence , to abandon even some of the classical laws of real numbers .
The modern controversy between logicism and intuitionism arose , in fact , from disagreements over infinity .
Formalism , associated with the name of Hilbert , echoes intuitionism in deploring the logicist ’s unbridled recourse to universals .
But formalism also finds intuitionism unsatisfactory .
This could happen for either of two opposite reasons .
The formalist might , like the logicist , object to the crippling of classical mathematics ; or he might , like the nominalists of old , object to admitting abstract entities at all , even in the restrained sense of mind - made entities .
The upshot is the same : the formalist keeps classical mathematics as a play of insignificant notations .
This play of notations can still be of utility — whatever utility it has already shown itself to have as a crutch for physicists and technologists .
But utility need not imply significance , in any literal linguistic sense .
Nor need the marked success of mathematicians in spinning out theorems , and in finding objective bases for agreement with one another ’s results , imply significance .
For an adequate basis for agreement among mathematicians can be found simply in the rules which govern the manipulation of the notations — these syntactical rules being , unlike the notations themselves , quite significant and intelligible .
I have argued that the sort of ontology we adopt can be consequential — notably in connection with mathematics , although this is only an example .
Now how are we to adjudicate among rival ontologies ?
Certainly the answer is not provided by the semantical formula “ To be is to be the value of a variable ” ; this formula serves rather , conversely , in testing the conformity of a given remark or doctrine to a prior ontological standard .
We look to bound variables in connection with ontology not in order to know what there is , but in order to know what a given remark or doctrine , ours or someone else ’s , says there is ; and this much is quite properly a problem involving language .
But what there is is another question .
In debating over what there is , there are still reasons for operating on a semantical plane .
One reason is to escape from the predicament noted at the beginning of this essay : the predicament of my not being able to admit that there are things which McX countenances and I do not .
So long as I adhere to my ontology , as opposed to McX’s , I cannot allow my bound variables to refer to entities which belong to McX ’s ontology and not to mine .
I can , however , consistently describe our disagreement by characterizing the statements which McX affirms .
Provided merely that my ontology countenances linguistic forms , or at least concrete inscriptions and utterances , I can talk about McX ’s sentences .
Another reason for withdrawing to a semantical plane is to find common ground on which to argue .
Disagreement , in ontology involves basic disagreement in conceptual schemes ; yet McX and I , despite these basic disagreements , find that our conceptual schemes converge sufficiently in their intermediate and upper ramifications to enable us to communicate successfully on such topics as politics , weather , and , in particular , language .
In so far as our basic controversy over ontology can be translated upward into a semantical controversy about words and what to do with them , the collapse of the controversy into question - begging may be delayed .
It is no wonder , then , that ontological controversy should tend into controversy over language .
But we must not jump to the conclusion that what there is depends on words .
Translatability of a question into semantical terms is no indication that the question is linguistic .
To see Naples is to bear a name which , when prefixed to the words ‘ sees Naples ’ , yields a true sentence ; still there is nothing linguistic about seeing Naples .
Our acceptance of an ontology is , I think , similar in principle to our acceptance of a scientific theory , say a system of physics : we adopt , at least insofar as we are reasonable , the simplest conceptual scheme into which the disordered fragments of raw experience can be fitted and arranged .
Our ontology is determined once we have fixed upon the over - all conceptual scheme which is to accommodate science in the broadest sense ; and the considerations which determine a reasonable construction of any part of that conceptual scheme , for example , the biological or the physical part , are not different in kind from the considerations which determine a reasonable construction of the whole .
To whatever extent the adoption of any system of scientific theory may be said to be a matter of language , the same — but no more — may be said of the adoption of an ontology .
But simplicity , as a guiding principle in constructing conceptual schemes , is not a clear and unambiguous idea ; and it is quite capable of presenting a double or multiple standard .
Imagine , for example , that we have devised the most economical set of concepts adequate to the play - by - play reporting of immediate experience .
The entities under this scheme — the values of bound variables — are , let us suppose , individual subjective events of sensation or reflection .
We should still find , no doubt , that a physicalistic conceptual scheme , purporting to talk about external objects , offers great advantages in simplifying our over - all reports .
By bringing together scattered sense events and treating them as perceptions of one object , we reduce the complexity of our stream of experience to a manageable conceptual simplicity .
The rule of simplicity is indeed our guiding maxim in assigning sense data to objects : we associate an earlier and a later round sensum with the same so - called penny , or with two different so - called pennies , in obedience to the demands of maximum simplicity in our total world - picture .
Here we have two competing conceptual schemes , a phenomenalistic one and a physicalistic one .
Which should prevail ?
Each has its advantages ; each has its special simplicity in its own way .
Each , I suggest , deserves to be developed .
Each may be said , indeed , to be the more fundamental , though in different senses : the one is epistemologically , the other physically , fundamental .
The physical conceptual scheme simplifies our account of experience because of the way myriad scattered sense events come to be associated with single so - called objects ; still there is no likelihood that each sentence about physical objects can actually be translated , however deviously and complexly , into the phenomenalistic language .
Physical objects are postulated entities which round out , and simplify our account of the flux of experience , just , as the introduction of irrational numbers simplifies laws of arithmetic .
From the point of view of the conceptual scheme of the elementary arithmetic of rational numbers alone , the broader arithmetic of rational and irrational numbers would have the status of a convenient myth , simpler than the literal truth ( namely , the arithmetic of rationals ) and yet , containing that literal truth as a scattered part .
Similarly , from a phenomenalistic point , of view , the conceptual scheme of physical objects is a convenient myth , simpler than the literal truth and yet containing that literal truth as a scattered part .
Now what of classes or attributes of physical objects , in turn ?
A platonistic ontology of this sort is , from the point of view of a strictly physicalistic conceptual scheme , as much a myth as that physicalistic conceptual scheme itself is for phenomenalism .
This higher myth is a good and useful one , in turn , in so far as it simplifies our account of physics .
Since mathematics is an integral part of this higher myth , the utility of this myth for physical science is evident enough .
In speaking of it nevertheless as a myth , I echo that philosophy of mathematics to which I alluded earlier under the name of formalism .
But an attitude of formalism may with equal justice be adopted toward the physical conceptual scheme , in turn , by the pure aesthete or phenomenalist .
The analogy between the myth of mathematics and the myth of physics is , in some additional and perhaps fortuitous ways , strikingly close .
Consider , for example , the crisis which was precipitated in the foundations of mathematics , at the turn of the century , by the discovery of Russell ’s paradox and other antinomies of set theory .
These contradictions had to be obviated by unintuitive , ad hoc devices ; our mathematical myth - making became deliberate and evident to all .
But what of physics ?
An antinomy arose between the undular and the corpuscular accounts of light ; and if this was not as out - and - out a contradiction as Russell ’s paradox , I suspect that the reason is that physics is not as out - and - out as mathematics .
Again , the second great modern crisis in the foundations of mathematics — precipitated in 1931 by Gödel ’s proof [ 2 ] that there are bound to be undecidable statements in arithmetic — has its companion piece in physics in Heisenberg ’s indeterminacy principle .
In earlier pages I undertook to show that some common arguments in favor of certain ontologies are fallacious .
Further , I advanced an explicit standard whereby to decide what the ontological commitments of a theory are .
But the question what ontology actually to adopt still stands open , and the obvious counsel is tolerance and an experimental spirit .
Let us by all means see how much of the physicalistic conceptual scheme can be reduced to a phenomenalistic one ; still , physics also naturally demands pursuing , irreducible in toto though it be .
Let us see how , or to what degree , natural science may be rendered independent of platonistic mathematics ; but let us also pursue mathematics and delve into its platonistic foundations .
From among the various conceptual schemes best suited to these various pursuits , one — the phenomenalistic — claims epistemological priority .
Viewed from within the phenomenalistic conceptual scheme , the ontologies of physical objects and mathematical objects are myths .
The quality of myth , however , is relative ; relative , in this case , to the epistemological point of view .
This point of view is one among various , corresponding to one among our various interests and purposes .
Notes [ edit ]
1 ^ The impulse to distinguish terminologically between existence as applied to objects actualized somewhere in space - time and existence ( or subsistence or being ) as applied to other entities arises in part , perhaps , from an idea that the observation of nature is relevant only to questions of existence of the first kind .
But this idea is readily refuted by counterinstances such as ‘ the ratio of the number of centaurs to the number of unicorns ’ .
If there were such a ratio , it would be an abstract entity , viz .
a number .
Yet it is only by studying nature that we conclude that the number of centaurs and the number of unicorns are both 0 and hence that there is no such ratio .
2 ^ see below , p. 152 .
3 ^ For more on the theory of descriptions see below , pp. 85f , 166f .
4 ^ For more explicit treatment of the bound variable see below , pp. 82 , 102f .
5 ^ For further remarks on such assimilation of all singular terms to descriptions see below , p. 167 ; also Quine [ 2 ] , pp. 218-224 .
6 ^ See Essays II and III .
7 ^ For more on this topic see Essay VI .
8 ^ See below , pp. 125 ff .
9 ^ See Goodman and Quine .
For further discussion of the general matters touched on in the past two pages , see Bernays [ l ] , Fraenkel , Black .
10 ^ The arithmetical analogy is due to Frank , pp. 108f .
The situation involving Alabama football players possibly getting paid continues to get more interesting .
TMZ reports that the NCAA is looking into whether someone other than Alabama running back Mark Ingram , the 2009 Heisman Trophy winner , paid for him to attend a May 12 party in D.C .
The Alabama compliance department tells TMZ that no issues arose from the situation .
“ Mark asked if he could visit Joe Haden at his home
in Baltimore , ” the Alabama compliance department reportedly told TMZ .
“ We checked with the NCAA and they approved this trip as long as
Mark provided receipts for his expenses . ”
Regardless , the NCAA is asking questions , and Ingram could be the next Alabama player whose potential eligibility issues result in Nick Saban choking on his Little Debbie snacks in connection with the ongoing turf battle between those agents who are willing to pay college football players in response to the millions they generate — and those like Saban who prefer that the players get nothing beyond an education that they quite possibly do n’t want .
On July 22 , we released the latest version of the Tor Browser Bundle for Windows .
It contains updates to Firefox and Pidgin to address security issues .
The bundles can be found at https://www.torproject.org/torbrowser/
The full changelog is :
version 1.3.8 : Released 2010-07-22
update Firefox to 3.5.11
version 1.3.9 : Released 2010-07-22
update Pidgin to 2.7.2
Bob Hawke with wife Blanche D'Alpuget .
Credit : Dallas Kilponen
" It 's impossible to describe the bonds we have , the physical love , the intellectual companionship , the joy we have in one another 's company , '' said Bob .
In one of her many interviews this week , Blanche said their love story would be their greatest legacy .
" I know that when I 'm dead and when Bob 's dead , what people will remember was that this was a very great love .
And it 's the love story that will be remembered . "
Well , not just that .
It is also the story of a great betrayal .
The sour note is , of course , Hazel Hawke , Bob 's long - suffering wife of 39 years , discarded when no longer needed for his political career .
She is now living in a north shore nursing home with advanced Alzheimer 's disease that mercifully will spare her knowledge of her life history being rewritten by the woman who stole the love of her life .
Hazel endured Bob 's alcoholism and his womanising because she adored him , not because she had a burning desire to live in The Lodge , as Blanche seems to suggest .
We know this because of Hazel 's 1992 autobiography , My Own Life : '' I did not want to be one of those middle - aged women whose husbands discard them when they have served their purpose . ''
The actress Rachael Blake , who plays Hazel in the telemovie , says Hazel 's dream was of growing old with Bob .
" It was to have a house , on a hill , and to have the grandchildren there .
And I do n't know that she ever got that . ''
Bob and Hazel 's oldest daughter , Sue Pieters - Hawke , laughed yesterday and said " that 's creative " when asked for her thoughts on the media love fest in which her father and stepmother have been indulging .
But she offered only a polite " no comment " .
It is not that anyone wishes ill to Blanche and Bob .
But it is not right to airbrush Hazel out of the picture .
And it is hard to get over the cold calculus underpinning this grand passion .
" Divorce could cost Labor 3 per cent , " Blanche once quoted Bob telling her .
According to Blanche 's telling , Bob and Hazel 's days at The Lodge were the happiest of their marriage : " It had been the fulfilment of a long - shared dream . . .
Once the dream was behind them their relationship began to deteriorate . "
It was all very neat .
Hazel only rates a handful of mentions in the book , reduced to a Stepford wife .
" Hazel stayed in the background , running the house and rearing the children .
She was a down - to - earth woman who . . . had no illusions about her husband 's philandering . "
Just three of 30 pictures in the book feature Hazel , none flattering , and each is marked by a lack of physical closeness with Bob .
Perhaps that was the way they were , or perhaps that is the impression the pictures seek to convey .
In the dizzying round of publicity this week , Kerry O'Brien 's interview on The 7.30 Report was a highlight as Blanche revealed the new story line she has fashioned for Hazel 's marriage : " Couples need a dream and Bob and Hazel had a dream of the prime ministership and The Lodge and in a sense when that was over the dream was over and the marriage was over .
It was n't just the fact he'd fallen in love with me and I think very understandably she felt a great liberation from a marriage that had achieved its purpose . "
Perhaps that is the real point of Blanche 's book , but it takes enormous licence on behalf of someone who can no longer answer for herself and correct the record before it becomes a new truth .
Blanche claims Hazel was " relieved the sham was over " when Bob left her .
But that is not how Hazel 's autobiography reads , nor does it explain Hazel 's private anger in subsequent years , nor the fact that her daughters wore black in silent protest at Bob and Blanche 's wedding .
Bob 's justification is more emotional : " Love is not something you can control , " he told O'Brien .
" The only significant other woman in my life while I was prime minister was Blanche , the only significant one .
Once you fall in love , which I had with Blanche . . . that involves falling out of love with your wife .
This is not something to be apologetic about .
My love for and with Blanche has been the greatest thing in my life and I do n't apologise for it . "
Loading Bob and Blanche are so full of good cheer , vivacity and fun , it is impossible not to be happy for them .
They 're not the first people to find love the second time around .
But why do they need to thrust their romance in everyone 's face , not least those who love and admire Hazel ?
devinemiranda@hotmail.com
People have flocked to see 1,000 - year - old human faeces , previously kept hidden in the Gloucester City Museum & Art Gallery .
Discovered by archaeologists in 1991 digging on the site of a public car park , it was found at the bottom of a roadside hole thought to have been dug in Saxon times .
There are now plans to put the object on permanent display in the museum 's new galleries due to open in April 2011 .
The BBC's Zoe Gough went to see the faeces , get the reaction from children and talk to David Rice , the museum 's Archaeology Curator .
A NEW York City judge has been fired from his job and fined $ 5500 after accepting popcorn as a buy - off from a snack food delivery driver with too many parking tickets .
Alan Rubin , employed as an administrative law judge by the city 's finance department since May 2004 , got the heave - ho because he accepted six to eight bags of free popcorn a year earlier from a food - delivery driver whose tickets he had dismissed , the New York Postreported .
Mr Rubin agreed to pay a $ 2500 fine to the Conflicts of Interest Board after his firing in June 2009 - making this the most expensive snack of his life .
Sources said Mr Rubin was tripped up when he brought some of his bounty into the office to share with coworkers .
One of them gave him up .
Read more at the New York Post .
Originally published asJudge fired over poporn for parking ticket
Image caption Pressure is mounting over Google 's wi-fi data capture
Google is " almost certain " to face prosecution for collecting data from unsecured wi-fi networks , according to Privacy International ( PI ) .
The search giant has been under scrutiny for collecting wi-fi data as part of its StreetView project .
Google has released an independent audit of the rogue code , which it has claimed was included in the StreetView software by mistake .
But PI is convinced the audit proves " criminal intent " .
" The independent audit of the Google system shows that the system used for the wi-fi collection intentionally separated out unencrypted content ( payload data ) of communications and systematically wrote this data to hard drives .
This is equivalent to placing a hard tap and a digital recorder onto a phone wire without consent or authorisation , " said PI in a statement .
This would put Google at odds with the interception laws of the 30 countries that the system was used in , it added .
Scotland Yard
" The Germans are almost certain to prosecute .
Because there was intent , they have no choice but to prosecute , " said Simon Davies , head of PI .
In the UK the ICO has said it is reviewing the audit but that for the time being it had no plans to pursue the matter .
PI however does intend to take the case to the police .
The idea that this was a work of a lone engineer does n't add up Simon Davies , Privacy International
" I do n't see any alternative but for us to go to Scotland Yard , " said Mr Davies .
The revelation that Google had collected such data led the German Information Commissioner to demand it handed over a hard - disk so it could examine exactly what it had collected .
It has not yet received the data and has extended the original deadline for it to be handed over .
The Australian police have also been ordered to investigate Google for possible breach of privacy .
' Systematic failure '
According to Google , the code which allowed data to be collected was part of an experimental wi-fi project undertaken by an unnamed engineer to improve location - based services and was never intended to be incorporated in the software for StreetView .
" As we have said before , this was a mistake .
The report today confirms that Google did indeed collect and store payload data from unencrypted wi-fi networks , but not from networks that were encrypted .
We are continuing to work with the relevant authorities to respond to their questions and concerns , " said a Google spokesman .
" This was a failure of communication between and within teams , " he added .
But PI disputes this explanation .
" The idea that this was a work of a lone engineer does n't add up .
This is complex code and it must have been given a budget and been overseen .
Google has asserted that all its projects are rigorously checked , " said Mr Davies .
" It goes to the heart of a systematic failure of management and of duty of care , " he added .
The Clockmaker
by 34633 The Clockmaker Robert Louis Stevenson
THE CARAFFE stood on a table in the midst of the room .
For near a week no one had passed the door ; the maid was careless and since a month , the water stood unchanged .
The leading race of animalculae had thus attained a great antiquity and were far advanced in scientific studies .
Their chief delight was in astronomy ; philosophers passed their days in the contemplation of the heavenly bodies , society pleased itself in the discussion of competing theories .
Two windows , one looking to the east , one to the south , gave them two solar years of different length , the second mingling with the first , the first succeeding again to the second after an interval of darkness .
Many generations rose and perished in the night ; the tradition of a sun grew faint , so that pessimists despaired of its return ; and the moon , which was then at the full , deceived some of the wisest .
It was not till the sixth long solar year , that an animalculae of unrivalled intellect arose , overthrew former science , and bequeathed a heritage of disputation .
His hypothesis may be called The Room Theory .
It was in parts erroneous .
The room was not filled with drinking water ; neither were its walls of the same substance as the table cloth .
But in most points , the theory accorded rudely with the facts ; and its author had calculated the relative position of the caraffe , the table , the walls , the chimney piece ornaments and the eight - day clock , to the millionth place of decimals , for his instruments and methods were exquisitely fine .
So far his merits were recognised by the most sceptical .
But the philosopher was a man of a devout , obedient mind ; and he had chosen to accept and build upon a legend of the race .
In early days , before science had arisen , the oblong yellow space on the north wall was said to have opened , and an object , huge beyond thought , to have appeared and for some generations moved visibly in space .
A light , according to some brighter than the sun , according to others scarce brighter than the moon , accompanied the meteor in its orbit .
The caraffe was shaken the while by thunderclaps and unaccountable convulsions ; the sides of heaven were heard to crepitate ; a final detonation signalised the moment of disappearance ; and when animalculae had recovered from the shock , the yellow oblong space on the north wall was seen to have resumed its natural appearance .
Such was the report of grave and critical historians ; in the mouths of the untutored , it ran otherwise .
" In the old cannibal days , " said they , " an animalculae of unheard - of bigness came through the wall ; he had the sun in one claw ; the movement of his swimming shook the whole caraffe ; and before going out again , he did something to the clock . "
To the amazement of society , it was this popular version the philosopher accepted .
A light - bearing colossus , similar to the one observed , walked at stated periods about the outer walls of the room ; and his passage before first one window and then another explained the solar years .
But the philosopher went further still .
In the animalcular Kosmos there was one feature of superlative abnormality : the clock , with its pendulum , its dial , and its hands .
Generations of observers had proved beyond question that the pendulum swayed , that the hands crept about the dial , that the phenomenon of the chimes occurred at intervals of a roughly approximate equality , and that it was at least possible to conceive a relation between these intervals and the procession of the hands .
Attention became early rivetted upon the clock ; the evidences of purpose in creation centred there ; the creator , who spoke obscurely in his other works , seemed in the clock to utter an authentic voice ; and theism and atheism joined battle on the question of the Clockmaker .
The animalcular Newton was a Clockmakerist ; and he hazarded the bold guess that the colossus who carried a lamp around the room would be forced to regulate his movements by clocktime .
Among the pious , the queries of the philosopher were soon erected into doctrines of the church .
The colossus of the legend was identified with the sun , both with the maker of the clock .
The cultus of the Clockmaker succeeded in the place of earlier religions , water worship , ancestor worship and the barbarous adoration of the chimney piece ; to him all virtues were attributed ; and all becoming animalcular behaviour was massed under the rubric of Clockmakerly Behaviour .
The other party cried out the while on animalculomorphism .
The philosopher had declared all space to be occupied by water ; nothing was less proved , nothing less proveable ; beyond the inner skin of the bottle , water ceased ; and if so , where was your Clockmaker ?
Life implied water , thought implied water .
No one not living in water could conceive the idea of time , how much less of a clock !
Examine your hypothesis ( said the Clockmakerists ) and it comes to this ; a creature that lives in water living out of water !
Can reasonable animalculae amuse themselves with such absurdities ?
And granting the impossible -- granting ( for the sake of argument ) that life and thought exist beyond the walls of the caraffe -- why does not the Clockmaker declare himself ?.
It would be easy for him to communicate with animalculae ; it would have been easy for him , when he made the clock , to have placed upon the dial intelligible signs -- the forty seventh proposition , for example -- or even ( had he cared ) some metre of the flight of time ; and instead , at distances grossly approximating to equality , there occur senseless marks , the result probably of ebullitism .
If , then , a Clockmaker exist , he must be figured as a frivolous and malignant wretch , who fashioned the caraffe , the table and the room , with a single view to gloat on the miseries of animalculae .
Such opinions found a more violent expression in the mouths of contemporary poets : the infamous Ode to a Clockmaker , which shook society , began somewhat thus :
Huge are your sins , Huge as a whole caraffe .
Clockmaker , I defy you .
Your cruelty is greater than a vase upon the chimney piece , And round as the face of the clock .
You are strong , you boast yourself ;
You are cunning and contrive timepieces ; Vain are your strength and cunning !
Let but one right - minded animalculae look you in the face , You are confounded in the midst of your instruments .
You grow pale and conceal yourself in back shop .
It was felt universally that the poet had advanced too far .
Did a Clockmaker exist , it was not to be supposed he could suffer these expressions to pass unpunished ; it was to be feared the whole caraffe might be involved in his revenge .
The poet , after a trial , in which he gloried in his horrid sentiments , was condemned and publicly destroyed ; and this act of rigour checked for some generations the spirit of free thought .
The dawn of the seventh double solar year was anxiously expected .
As the moment approached , every telescope in the bottle was directed on the eastern window or the clock ; and after the event had taken place , and while the calculations were being prepared , crowds waited at the doors of astronomers , some in prayer , some irreverently betting on the result .
It was inconclusive .
The clock and the sun were in no precise accordance ; it was impossible for the most ardent of the faithful to cry victory .
But the discrepancy was small ; and the most solid of the free thinkers was conscious of a private doubt .
In The Clockmaker Displayed in All his Works , The Clockmaker Vindicated , and True Clockmakerly Science Displayed and Justified , the pious sought to gloss over their disappointment ; in works of a different complexion , free thinkers magnified their victory .
As the hours passed , and generation succeeded to generation , faith was perceived to have been shaken .
The belief in a Clockmaker steadily declined ; and soon the clock itself , with its falling movements and irregular regularity , became a theme for jesters .
In the midst of this , the oblong yellow space in the north wall was seen to open , and the Clockmaker entered and proceeded to wind up the clock .
The revulsion was complete ; animalcules of every age and station crowded to the seats of worship ; the caraffe rang with psalms ; and there was no sentient creature from one side of the bottle to the other who would not have sacrificed all that he possessed to do the Clockmaker a service .
By the time he had done winding the clock , the Clockmaker spied the caraffe ; and being thirsty after last night 's beer , drained it to the dregs .
For three weeks after , he lay sick in bed ; and the doctor , who attended him , had the water supply of that part of town completely overhauled .
In preparation for my upcoming talk on jQuery Templates , I ’ve been been deep diving into the jQuery Template plugin created by Microsoft ..
Many of you are probably familiar with server - side template engines like Smarty or Cheetah but only recently have client - side template engines taken off .
Considering how complex our web apps are becoming , it makes total sense .
The cool thing about templates is that it lets you easily structure your content display without all the hassle of string concatenation .
For example , say I had a data set containing an ID and a name and I wanted to display the name as a hyperlink .
I could do something like this :
var clRec = " " ; for ( var i=0 ; i<client.name.length ; i++) { clRec += " < li >< a href= ' clients /" +client.id[ i ] + " ' > " + client.name[i ] + " </a></li > " ; }
but to me , this seems much more readable and maintainable :
< li >< a href= " clients / ${id} " >$ {name} </a></li>
The second code snippet is a template I ’ve created to render a hyperlinked name in a list and it ’s very easy to do .
First , include both jQuery and the jQuery Template plugin into your page :
< script src= " http://code.jquery.com/jquery.min.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script > < script src=" jquery.tmpl.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script >
Next , define the data that you ’d like to see rendered .
This could be data derived from an XHR call or something you ’ve predefined , like this :
var clientData = [ { name : " Rey Bango " , id : 1 } , { name : " Mark Goldberg " , id : 2 } , { name : " Jen Statford " , id : 3 } ] ;
Now , define your template :
< script id =" clientTemplate " type =" text / html " > < li >< a href= " clients / ${id} " >$ {name} </a></li> </ script >
Yep , the “ script ” tags are necessary and used because they allow your template to be embedded within the body of the page .
Notice that we ’ve defined the placeholders as $ {id} & $ {name} , the same names used in the identifiers in our data .
The “ $ {} ” tells the template parser that the field needs to be replaced with the expected value .
Then call the jQuery Template plugin to render the data using your template :
$ (" #clientTemplate " ) .tmpl(clientData).appendTo( " ul " ) ;
The plugin ’s .tmpl ( ) method accepts the data we ’ve defined and handles the parsing of the template we ’ve selected .
Then we use jQuery ’s .appendTo ( ) method to append the results to an unordered list tag .
This gives me the following results :
That ’s it !
Told you it was simple . :)
I ’ll go into more advanced details during my presentation but this should give you something to start with in the meantime .
Here ’s the full source for you to use :
<! DOCTYPE html > < html lang= " en " > < head > < meta http-equiv= " Content - Type " content = " text / html ; charset=utf - 8 " /> < meta name = " robots " content = " noindex " /> < title > Template Test</ title > < script src= " http://code.jquery.com/jquery.min.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script > < script src=" jquery.tmpl.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " > $ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { var clientData = [ { name : " Rey Bango " , id : 1 } , { name : " Mark Goldberg " , id : 2 } , { name : " Jen Statford " , id : 3 } ] ; $ ( " #clientTemplate " ) .tmpl(clientData).appendTo( " ul " ) ; } ) ; </script > < script id =" clientTemplate " type =" text / html " > < li >< a href= " clients / ${id} " >$ {name} </a></li> </ script > </ head > < body > < ul ></ul > </ body > </html >
This post , along with seventy - eight others , is collected in the book Utopia Is Creepy .
From the start , the World Wide Web has been a vessel of quasi-religious longing .
And why not ?
For those seeking to transcend the physical world , the Web presents a readymade Promised Land .
On the Internet , we ’re all bodiless , symbols speaking to symbols in symbols .
The early texts of Web metaphysics , many written by thinkers associated with or influenced by the post - 60s New Age movement , are rich with a sense of impending spiritual release ; they describe the passage into the cyber world as a process of personal and communal unshackling , a journey that frees us from traditional constraints on our intelligence , our communities , our meager physical selves .
We become free - floating netizens in a more enlightened , almost angelic , realm .
But as the Web matured during the late 1990s , the dreams of a digital awakening went unfulfilled .
The Net turned out to be more about commerce than consciousness , more a mall than a commune .
And when the new millenium arrived , it brought not a new age but a dispiritingly commonplace popping of a bubble of earthly greed .
Somewhere along the way , the moneychangers had taken over the temple .
The Internet had transformed many things , but it had not transformed us .
We were the same as ever .
The New New Age
But the yearning for a higher consciousness did n’t burst with the bubble .
Web 1.0 may have turned out to be spiritual vaporware , but now we have the hyper - hyped upgrade : Web 2.0 .
In a profile of Internet savant Tim O’Reilly in the current issue of Wired , Steven Levy writes that “ the idea of collective consciousness is becoming manifest in the Internet . ”
He quotes O’Reilly : “ The Internet today is so much an echo of what we were talking about at [ New Age HQ ] Esalen in the ’ 70s – except we did n’t know it would be technology - mediated . ”
Levy then asks , “ Could it be that the Internet – or what O’Reilly calls Web 2.0 – is really the successor to the human potential movement ? ”
Levy ’s article appears in the afterglow of Kevin Kelly ’s sweeping “ We Are the Web ” in Wired ’s August issue .
Kelly , erstwhile prophet of the Long Boom , surveys the development of the World Wide Web , from the Netscape IPO ten years ago , and concludes that it has become a “ magic window ” that provides a “ spookily godlike ” perspective on existence .
“ I doubt angels have a better view of humanity , ” he writes .
But that ’s only the beginning .
In the future , according to Kelly , the Web will grant us not only the vision of gods but also their power .
The Web is becoming “ the OS for a megacomputer that encompasses the Internet , all its services , all peripheral chips and affiliated devices from scanners to satellites , and the billions of human minds entangled in this global network .
This gargantuan Machine already exists in a primitive form .
In the coming decade , it will evolve into an integral extension not only of our senses and bodies but our minds …
We will live inside this thing . ”
The revelation continues :
There is only one time in the history of each planet when its inhabitants first wire up its innumerable parts to make one large Machine .
Later that Machine may run faster , but there is only one time when it is born .
You and I are alive at this moment .
We should marvel , but people alive at such times usually do n’t .
Every few centuries , the steady march of change meets a discontinuity , and history hinges on that moment .
We look back on those pivotal eras and wonder what it would have been like to be alive then .
Confucius , Zoroaster , Buddha , and the latter Jewish patriarchs lived in the same historical era , an inflection point known as the axial age of religion .
Few world religions were born after this time .
Similarly , the great personalities converging upon the American Revolution and the geniuses who commingled during the invention of modern science in the 17th century mark additional axial phases in the short history of our civilization .
Three thousand years from now , when keen minds review the past , I believe that our ancient time , here at the cusp of the third millennium , will be seen as another such era .
In the years roughly coincidental with the Netscape IPO , humans began animating inert objects with tiny slivers of intelligence , connecting them into a global field , and linking their own minds into a single thing .
This will be recognized as the largest , most complex , and most surprising event on the planet .
Weaving nerves out of glass and radio waves , our species began wiring up all regions , all processes , all facts and notions into a grand network .
From this embryonic neural net was born a collaborative interface for our civilization , a sensing , cognitive device with power that exceeded any previous invention .
The Machine provided a new way of thinking ( perfect search , total recall ) and a new mind for an old species .
It was the Beginning .
This is n’t the language of exposition .
It ’s the language of rapture .
The Cult of the Amateur
Now , lest you dismiss me as a mere cynic , if not a fallen angel , let me make clear that I ’m all for seeking transcendence , whether it ’s by going to church or living in a hut in the woods or sitting at the feet of the Maharishi or gazing into the glittering pixels of an LCD screen .
One gathers one ’s manna where one finds it .
And if there ’s a higher consciousness to be found , then by all means let ’s get elevated .
My problem is this :
When we view the Web in religious terms , when we imbue it with our personal yearning for transcendence , we can no longer see it objectively .
By necessity , we have to look at the Internet as a moral force , not as a simple collection of inanimate hardware and software .
No decent person wants to worship an amoral conglomeration of technology .
And so all the things that Web 2.0 represents – participation , collectivism , virtual communities , amateurism – become unarguably good things , things to be nurtured and applauded , emblems of progress toward a more enlightened state .
But is it really so ?
Is there a counterargument to be made ?
Might , on balance , the practical effect of Web 2.0 on society and culture be bad , not good ?
To see Web 2.0 as a moral force is to turn a deaf ear to such questions .
Let me bring the discussion down to a brass tack .
If you read anything about Web 2.0 , you ’ll inevitably find praise heaped upon Wikipedia as a glorious manifestation of “ the age of participation . ”
Wikipedia is an open - source encyclopedia ; anyone who wants to contribute can add an entry or edit an existing one .
O’Reilly , in a new essay on Web 2.0 , says that Wikipedia marks “ a profound change in the dynamics of content creation ” – a leap beyond the Web 1.0 model of Britannica Online .
To Kevin Kelly , Wikipedia shows how the Web is allowing us to pool our individual brains into a great collective mind .
It ’s a harbinger of the Machine .
In theory , Wikipedia is a beautiful thing – it has to be a beautiful thing if the Web is leading us to a higher consciousness .
In reality , though , Wikipedia is n’t very good at all .
Certainly , it ’s useful – I regularly consult it to get a quick gloss on a subject .
But at a factual level it ’s unreliable , and the writing is often appalling .
I would n’t depend on it as a source , and I certainly would n’t recommend it to a student writing a research paper .
Take , for instance , this section from Wikipedia ’s biography of Bill Gates , excerpted verbatim :
Gates married Melinda French on January 1 , 1994 .
They have three children , Jennifer Katharine Gates ( born April 26 , 1996 ) , Rory John Gates ( born May 23 , 1999 ) and Phoebe Adele Gates ( born September 14 , 2002 ) .
In 1994 , Gates acquired the Codex Leicester , a collection of writings by Leonardo da Vinci ; as of 2003 it was on display at the Seattle Art Museum .
In 1997 , Gates was the victim of a bizarre extortion plot by Chicago resident Adam Quinn Pletcher .
Gates testified at the subsequent trial .
Pletcher was convicted and sentenced in July 1998 to six years in prison .
In February 1998 Gates was attacked by Noël Godin with a cream pie .
In July 2005 , he solicited the services of famed lawyer Hesham Foda .
According to Forbes , Gates contributed money to the 2004 presidential campaign of George W. Bush .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics , Gates is cited as having contributed at least $ 33,335 to over 50 political campaigns during the 2004 election cycle .
Excuse me for stating the obvious , but this is garbage , an incoherent hodge - podge of dubious factoids ( who the heck is “ famed lawyer Hesham Foda ” ? ) that adds up to something far less than the sum of its parts .
Here ’s Wikipedia on Jane Fonda ’s life , again excerpted verbatim :
Her nickname as a youth — Lady Jane — was one she reportedly disliked .
She traveled to Communist Russia in 1964 and was impressed by the people , who welcomed her warmly as Henry ’s daughter .
In the mid-1960s she bought a farm outside of Paris , had it renovated and personally started a garden .
She visited Andy Warhol ’s Factory in 1966 .
About her 1971 Oscar win , her father Henry said : “ How in hell would you like to have been in this business as long as I and have one of your kids win an Oscar before you do ? ”
Jane was on the cover of Life magazine , March 29 , 1968 .
While early she had grown both distant from and critical of her father for much of her young life , in 1980 , she bought the play “ On Golden Pond ” for the purpose of acting alongside her father — hoping he might win the Oscar that had eluded him throughout his career .
He won , and when she accepted the Oscar on his behalf , she said it was “ the happiest night of my life . ”
Director and first husband Roger Vadim once said about her : “ Living with Jane was difficult in the beginning … she had so many , how do you say , ‘ bachelor habits . ’
Too much organization .
Time is her enemy .
She can not relax .
Always there is something to do . ”
Vadim also said , “ There is also in Jane a basic wish to carry things to the limit . ”
This is worse than bad , and it is , unfortunately , representative of the slipshod quality of much of Wikipedia .
Remember , this emanation of collective intelligence is not just a couple of months old .
It ’s been around for nearly five years and has been worked over by many thousands of diligent contributors .
At this point , it seems fair to ask exactly when the intelligence in “ collective intelligence ” will begin to manifest itself .
When will the great Wikipedia get good ?
Or is “ good ” an old - fashioned concept that does n’t apply to emergent phenomena like communal on - line encyclopedias ?
The promoters of Web 2.0 venerate the amateur and distrust the professional .
We see it in their unalloyed praise of Wikipedia , and we see it in their worship of open - source software and myriad other examples of democratic creativity .
Perhaps nowhere , though , is their love of amateurism so apparent as in their promotion of blogging as an alternative to what they call “ the mainstream media . ”
Here ’s O’Reilly : “ While mainstream media may see individual blogs as competitors , what is really unnerving is that the competition is with the blogosphere as a whole .
This is not just a competition between sites , but a competition between business models .
The world of Web 2.0 is also the world of what Dan Gillmor calls ‘ we , the media , ’ a world in which ‘ the former audience , ’ not a few people in a back room , decides what ’s important . ”
I ’m all for blogs and blogging .
( I ’m writing this , ai n’t I ? )
But I ’m not blind to the limitations and the flaws of the blogosphere – its superficiality , its emphasis on opinion over reporting , its echolalia , its tendency to reinforce rather than challenge ideological extremism and segregation .
Now , all the same criticisms can ( and should ) be hurled at segments of the mainstream media .
And yet , at its best , the mainstream media is able to do things that are different from – and , yes , more important than – what bloggers can do .
Those despised “ people in a back room ” can fund in - depth reporting and research .
They can underwrite projects that can take months or years to reach fruition – or that may fail altogether .
They can hire and pay talented people who would not be able to survive as sole proprietors on the Internet .
They can employ editors and proofreaders and other unsung protectors of quality work .
They can place , with equal weight , opposing ideologies on the same page .
Forced to choose between reading blogs and subscribing to , say , the New York Times , the Financial Times , the Atlantic , and the Economist , I will choose the latter .
I will take the professionals over the amateurs .
But I do n’t want to be forced to make that choice .
Scary Economics
And so , having gone on for so long , I at long last come to my point .
The Internet is changing the economics of creative work – or , to put it more broadly , the economics of culture – and it ’s doing it in a way that may well restrict rather than expand our choices .
Wikipedia might be a pale shadow of the Britannica , but because it ’s created by amateurs rather than professionals , it ’s free .
And free trumps quality all the time .
So what happens to those poor saps who write encyclopedias for a living ?
They wither and die .
The same thing happens when blogs and other free on - line content go up against old - fashioned newspapers and magazines .
Of course the mainstream media sees the blogosphere as a competitor .
It is a competitor .
And , given the economics of the competition , it may well turn out to be a superior competitor .
The layoffs we ’ve recently seen at major newspapers may just be the beginning , and those layoffs should be cause not for self - satisfied snickering but for despair .
Implicit in the ecstatic visions of Web 2.0 is the hegemony of the amateur .
I for one ca n’t imagine anything more frightening .
In “ We Are the Web , ” Kelly writes that “ because of the ease of creation and dissemination , online culture is the culture . ”
I hope he ’s wrong , but I fear he ’s right – or will come to be right .
Like it or not , Web 2.0 , like Web 1.0 , is amoral .
It ’s a set of technologies – a machine , not a Machine – that alters the forms and economics of production and consumption .
It does n’t care whether its consequences are good or bad .
It does n’t care whether it brings us to a higher consciousness or a lower one .
It does n’t care whether it burnishes our culture or dulls it .
It does n’t care whether it leads us into a golden age or a dark one .
So let ’s can the millenialist rhetoric and see the thing for what it is , not what we wish it would be .
