“ Save one million Jews !
And to do what with them ?
Where will we put them ? ”
Third in a series by João Bernardo : see here for parts one and two .
I mentioned in the previous article that , during the time of the German - Soviet Pact , the Polish Jews that managed to escape from the Nazi- occupied areas of Poland to the areas occupied by the Red Army were deported or put in concentration camps , a sad fate , but at least they were accepted and nobody ever sent them back across the border .
Far more sinister was the UK’s and the USA ’s attitude .
During the time the Nazi regime was in power , the only possible measure was to relocate hundreds of thousands of European Jews to a safe haven .
Since the Evian conference ( organized by Franklin Roosevelt ) in the summer of ’ 38 and until the end of the war , hundreds of relocation plans were elaborated and then shelved .
The futility of these plans was due to the fact that , of the 32 nations attending the conference in Evian ( including the USA and the UK ) , only the Dominican Republic agreed to take in any refugees .
Each nation tried to pass the hot potato to the next , and so nothing was done .
Even though they never came to fruition , it is worth noting some of the projects proposed after the Evian conference .
Some planned on sending the Jews to freeze in Alaska , whereas others wanted the Jews to settle down in the Guineas or another part of Africa , which reveals a dream common to all democracies – take advantage of the consequences of Nazi imperialist expansion to reinvigorate their own colonialism .
All things considered , there was not a lot the Jews trapped in the Reich could hope for .
In May of 1939 , four months before the beginning of the second world war , the St Louis sailed out of Hamburg carrying over 900 Jews who the Nazi authorities had given authorization to leave the country , and that had the hope of finding shelter in the USA .
The American authorities turned the ship away , sending it to Havana , claiming that American public opinion would be against taking in more Jews since the immigration quotas according to the National Origins Quota Law ( approved by Congress in 1924 ) were already full .
At the time , the Cuban government followed American orders , and so refused to give asylum to the Jews and asked the vessel to leave the island .
The captain then tried to go to Miami , where he was blocked from docking .
The Canadian government also refused to let the Jews come ashore .
There was no other option but to turn back , and the human cargo ended up being delivered to various European countries , where it would eventually be exposed to Nazi persecution .
The situation repeated itself in 1940 , when a Portuguese vessel loaded with 80 Jews on the run was turned back from Mexican ports but still managed to unload most passengers in the USA .
This served to toughen up the State Department ’s position , to the point that in the middle of 1941 , the official who handled these matters , an open admirer of Hitler and Mussolini and obsessed with a Jewish - communist conspiracy , boasted that he had blocked any further refugees .
Effectively , while the war lasted , the American consulates granted less visas than the law allowed them to .
Maybe the first news of the genocide that was being inflicted on the Jews came from Thomas Mann , one of the most notable novelists of the last century , in a series of lectures given through the BBC in December 1941 and January 1942 .
But already in October 1941 the Allied press had received news of massacres happening in Ukraine under Nazi occupation , and in January 1942 the Soviet government had made public a report detailing all the actions perpetrated by the SS Death Squads in occupied territories .
After that , reports flooded in , some scarier than others .
A clandestine information network organized by the Jewish historian Emmanuel Ringelblum who was trapped in the Warsaw ghetto managed to send to Polish government officials in London documentation about one of the extermination camps , which gave rise to the BBC announcing in June 1942 that the Nazis had commenced the “ final solution ” policy .
This allowed the Polish government in exile to present a report to the USA about the use of gas chambers and crematory ovens .
Besides that , in July 1942 Allied secret services in Switzerland heard from a reliable German source that Hitler had ordered the extermination of the Jews .
These reports and news were confirmed a short time later by documents coming from the World Jewish Council , and at the end of the year by news originating at the Jewish Agency for Palestine .
Meanwhile , in November , Jan Karski arrived in London .
He was a member of the Polish resistance who , with incredible audacity , had infiltrated one of the death camps and was able to describe the methods being employed by the Nazis which he had seen with his own eyes to the British minister for Foreign Affairs Anthony Eden , and also to the President of the USA .
Evidence piled up and allowed a very precise analysis of the situation .
The first reaction of the American State Department was to delay and block for as long as possible the dissemination of all this information .
Later the Secretary of State , or somebody in his name , even forbade the diplomatic channels to broadcast any similar news .
Only in December 1942 did the Allies organize a joint statement on the “ German policy of extermination of the Jewish race ” , and from then on the governments of the USA and of the UK tried as best they could to underestimate the problem and delay any type of solution , refusing funding and means of transport to save the Jews .
In April 1943 the Anglo - American conference in the Bermuda , called especially to discuss the questions raised by the genocide , abstained from proposing any efficient initiative .
Finally , in January the following year the US government created the War Refugee Board , but compared to the immensity of the task the results were insignificant .
“ In reality ” , said a team of experts , “ both the British and the Americans , after organizing the Bermuda conference [… ] , opposed any mass rescue plan for Jews in occupied Europe ” .
This policy of omission and deliberate negligence was followed by the Allies at all levels and in all circumstances .
“ I ’ve come across a vast amount of material , some of it confidential , which deals with the difficult situation of the Jews in Europe that are being exterminated at an alarming rate , and the lack of possible escape routes for them , and it ’s a very scary situation ” , wrote a journalist in July of 1944 for a New York weekly paper .
In 1940 , with the bizarre argument that an influx of Jews would stimulate the latent anti-Semitism in Great Britain and would end up being damaging to the Jewish community itself , the British Interior Minister , an important figure in the Labour Party , rejected a proposal from the French collaborationist government in Vichy , that would have allowed the emigration of Jewish children to the safety of Britain .
Near the end of 1941 , when the Turkish ambassador in Bucharest suggested to the US representative that the Romanian Jews should be transferred to Palestine through Turkey , the American State Department refused to even convey this proposal to the British , claiming , among other reasons , the difficulties transporting all these people and also the possibility that the Jewish communities in other countries threatened by Nazism would ask for help and would “ pressure for an asylum in the Western hemisphere ” .
In the first months of 1943 , Sweden , a neutral country , offered to shelter 20,000 Jewish children from Nazi- occupied Europe , with the condition that either Great Britain or the USA paid for their living costs and would promise to relocate them after the war .
The American government took so long to reply though that the opportunity was lost .
In March that year there was a new opportunity to save a large number of lives when Bulgaria announced that it would authorize their sixty or seventy thousand Jews to emigrate to Palestine , but once again the Allies did not take up that project .
A short while later , the German Ministry for Foreign Affairs offered to exchange 5,000 Jewish Slavic children for Germans held in British territory .
This offer was refused by the government in London claiming that this deal was impossible since the children did not have British citizenship .
The July 1943 proposal of the Romanian fascist dictator Antonescu to sell sixty or seventy thousand Jews to the Allies for just 170,000 dollars was met with similar reluctance .
The American State Department took eight months to authorize the Jewish organizations to deposit the promised funds in Swiss banks , but since in the meantime both the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of War Production had opposed this move , quoting the “ difficulty in sheltering a considerable number of Jews ” , nothing was ever done .
Likewise , admiral Horthy , leader of the Hungarian fascist state , announced that with the agreement of the Reich ’s authorities , he would allow the exit of all the Jews that had received visas from other countries , a total between 17,000 and 20,000 people , but the American and British governments took so long to reply that in the meantime the German army occupied the country and once again the democracies missed the opportunity to save Jewish lives .
Finally , in April 1944 , when the Nazi economy was facing insurmountable obstacles , Heinrich Himmler , Reichsführer SS , Commissioner of German Nationhood and Reich Minister of the Interior , or in other words , the highest ranked person in the regime after Hitler , asked a Hungarian Zionist leader to present a proposal to the Western Allied powers in which he promised to spare the lives of a million Jews and authorize their emigration in exchange for 10,000 trucks to be used only in the Eastern front as well as vast quantities of coffee , tea , cocoa , soap and a few other articles .
The Allies refused the deal and even arrested the middleman for a few months .
Clearly the lives of the Jews were less important to them , and even less so having to find accommodation for a million refugees , compared to accelerating the defeat of the Reich ’s transport capabilities .
The British politician and businessman who was then resident minister in Cairo said , while interrogating the emissary : “ Save one million Jews !
And to do what with them ?
Where will we put them ? ” .
If several thousand foreign antifascists had been locked up by democratic governments in concentration camps ; and if the Soviet authorities had deported or arrested and even put in work camps many more radical or even orthodox socialists and communists ; and if the Jews that were able to escape had nobody to take them in , which facilitated tremendously the Nazi programme of extermination – would there be anybody left after the war to think of revolution ?
Continues in part four .
References
The quote from a team of experts about the pointlessness of the Bermuda conference can be found in I. C. B. Dear and M. R. D. Foot ( eds . )
The Oxford Companion to the Second World War , Oxford and New York : Oxford University Press , 1995 , page 864 .
The statement from the journalist I. F. Stone in the New Yorker weekly The Nation can be found in Katrina Vanden Heuvel and Hamilton dos Santos ( eds . ) O Perigo da Hora .
O Século XX nas Páginas do The Nation , Sao Paulo : Scritta , 1994 , page 245 .
The quotes about the attitude of the American State Department relatively to the proposal presented by the Turkish ambassador in Bucharest and about the reacton of the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Ministry of Wartime Economy regarding the proposal of marshal Antonescu are in Raul Hilberg , The Destruction of the European Jews , London : W. H. Allen , 1961 , pages .
720 n. 19 and page 721 , respectively .
The quote from Lord Moyne , resident minister in Cairo , can be found in Henry L. Feingold , Bearing Witness .
How America and Its Jews Responded to the Holocaust , Syracuse : Syracuse University Press . 1995 , pages .
87 -88 .
Readers interested in a more thorough analysis of these events can consult my own book called Labirintos do Fascismo .
Na Encruzilhada da Ordem e da Revolta , Porto : Afrontamento , 2003 , especially from page 675 onwards .
GameStop 's VP of Marketing Tony Bartel did n't back down when asked about his claim last August that Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 could be the highest selling game ever .
see deal Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 $ 19.99 on Gamestop
Speaking recently with IGN , Bartel again referred to the title 's strong pre-sales that will make it a historic moment for the Texas - based retail company .
" This will absolutely be the highest selling game in GameStop history , " he noted .
" We know that because our pre-orders are so strong on this game .
" Bartel gave some perspective on the pre-order sales , too , saying the demand at its store alone is larger than the initial worldwide sales of Call of Duty : World at War " Just to put it in perspective , if you took all the Call of Duty : World at War titles that were sold in the first month worldwide , we have more pre-orders than that number just for GameStop this time around , " he added .
Wedbush Morgan Securities analyst Michael Pachter recently stated Activision could move as many as 10 million copies of the title in Q4 .
Seven new glowing mushroom species have been discovered in Belize , Brazil , Dominican Republic , Jamaica , Japan , Malaysia and Puerto Rico .
Four of the species are completely new to scientists , and three previously known species were discovered to be luminescent .
All seven species , as well as the majority of the 64 previously known species of luminescent mushrooms , are from the Mycena family .
" What interests us is that within Mycena , the luminescent species come from 16 different lineages , which suggests that luminescence evolved at a single point and some species later lost the ability to glow , " said biologist Dennis Desjardin of San Francisco State University , lead author of the study published Monday in the journal Mycologia .
The new discoveries might help scientists understand when , how and why mushrooms evolved the ability to glow .
Desjardin suspects that luminescence might attract nocturnal animals , which would then help the mushrooms spread their spores .
Image above : Mycena silvaelucens ( forest light ) was collected in the grounds of an Orangutan Rehabilitation Center in Borneo , Malaysia and was found on the bark of a standing tree .
The mushrooms are tiny with each cap measuring less than 18 millimeters in diameter .
/ Brian Perry , University of Hawaii
Above : Mycena luxaeterna ( light eternal ) was collected in Sao Paulo , Brazil and was found on sticks in an Atlantic forest habitat .
These mushrooms are tiny with each cap measuring less than 8 millimeters in diameter and their stems have a jelly - like texture .
The species ' name was inspired by Mozart 's Requiem .
/ Cassius V. Stevani , Chemistry Institute , University of Sao Paulo
Above : Mycena luxarboricola ( light tree dweller ) was collected in Paraná , Brazil and was found on the bark of a living tree in old growth Atlantic forest .
These mushrooms are tiny with each cap measuring less than 5 millimeters in diameter .
/ Cassius V. Stevani , Chemistry Institute , University of Sao Paulo
Above : Mycena luxperpetua cultures , light and dark .
/ Brian A. Perry , University of Hawaii
See Also :
HELSINKI , Oct 30 - Nokia
Oyj will close its battered gaming service N - Gage next year , acknowledging failure in its first major services offering .
An attendee at the Electronic Entertainment Expo plays a prototype of the Nokia mobile game deck N - Gage in Los Angeles , May 15 , 2003 .
REUTERS / Brad Rickerby
Nokia is looking for new revenue from online services as its traditional handset market matures , with games and music being the first focus areas .
Yet the handset maker ’s mobile gaming push has encountered major challenges , with consumers first shunning its dedicated gaming phones which went on sale in October 2003 , accompanied by a major global advertising campaign .
The online gaming service , which opened last year , took over the N - Gage brand and also never moved beyond a niche audience of hard - core gamers .
“ We will no longer publish new games for the N - Gage platform , ” Nokia said on its N - Gage blog , to which a user calling himself Jon replied : “ It ’s a sad day for N - Gage fans . ”
It said the games from its first major services offering could be purchased until the end of September 2010 and the community site would remain in operation throughout 2010 .
“ It ’s a sign of a more realistic approach .
It ’s time to bury the dead and focus on the future , ” said Tero Kuittinen , analyst at MKM Partners , adding Nokia had great opportunities in other areas , such as location - based services , micro-financing and mobile email .
Nokia ’s leading position in the cellphone market had attracted all the top mobile game makers -- including Electronic Arts , Gameloft , Glu Mobile and Digital Chocolate -- to create special games for N - Gage .
After closing the N - Gage service , Nokia will continue to sell mobile games at its Ovi Store , a smaller rival to Apple ’s popular App Store .
Nokia ’s U.S. shares were 3.3 percent lower at $ 12.73 by 1750 GMT .
VPS Performance Comparison
UPDATE : The scripts used for benchmarking , graphing , and all the raw data can be found over at my git repository .
Be aware that the graphs presented here has an Y - axis which goes from the minimum to the maximum value and not from 0 to maximum .
My latest side project , was it up ?-- a free web monitoring service , required a number of VPS instances due to its distributed nature .
I previously conducted a comparison of Slicehost and Prgmr .
This time I needed to purchase several instances and therefore went out and did a more throughout and wider comparison of which VPS provider would give me the most bang for my buck .
I targeted VPS offerings in the $ 20 space ( and the cheapest Amazon EC2 option ) :
Monthly cost Memory Memory / $ Storage Transfer Slicehost $ 20.00 256MB 12.80 MB 10 GB 100GB Linode $ 19.95 360 MB 18.05 MB 16GB 200GB Prgmr $ 20.00 1024 MB 51.20 MB 24GB 160 GB Rackspace $ 21.90 512MB 23.38 MB 20 GB -- Amazon $ 62.05 1.7GB 28.05 MB 160 GB --
Note that the monthly cost of Rackspace and Amazon 's offerings does not include any data transfer .
At $ 0.22 /$ 0.08 out / inn per GB you 'd have to pay an additional $ 15 per month for 50 GB of in - bound and 50 GB out - bound transfers .
Amazon charges $ 0.17 / $ 0.10 out / inn per GB of bandwidth which would amount to $ 13.5 extra per month for 50 GB transfer both ways .
The following table shows the specifications of the various providers ' systems :
Arch CPU VCPUs Slicehost x86_64 Opteron 2212 4 Linode i686/x86_64 Xeon L5420 4 Prgmr x86_64 Opteron 2347 HE 1 Rackspace x86_64 Opteron 2347 HE 4 Amazon i686 Xeon E5430 1
Linode is the only provider which gives you a choice between a 32 - bit and 64 - bit architecture .
I therefore performed all tests on both platforms on Linode .
Amazon 's smallest VPS is 32 - bit while all other providers uses 64 - bit DomU's .
Prmgmr and Amazon gives you access to 1 virtual CPU while Slicehost , Linode , and Rackspace gives you 4 .
More VCPUs is not necessarily better though .
With as many VCPUs as physical CPUs a single domU can burst to the full system capacity .
If the system gets busy though , the amount of VCPUs could lead to increased context switching .
4 VCPUs should therefore give you better ideal performance , while 1 VCPU gives you a more stable performance profile .
Aside from cost , performance was the most important criteria for me when selecting a provider for was it up ?.
5 different benchmarks were carried out every 3 hours over a week , leading to 56 runs each .
The slowest system used up to 3 hours to complete all 5 benchmarks .
Weeklong benchmarking was used to account for variance in host load during the day / night and week .
I speculated that the host systems could be more utilizied on weekdays when people in the US were awake ( all providers under test were US based ) .
At the end of this article you 'll find a table summarizing the averages and standard deviations of the 5 benchmarks on all providers .
Single process Unixbench were the first test carried out .
I had to patch Unixbench to disable a failing test and graphical tests .
The scores reported are points , were a higher score is better than a lower .
Unixbench single process score ( higher is better ) .
To my surprise Amazon , the most expensive offering , were clearly the loser on this workload .
All providers had fairly little variance on this test , except for Slicehost who even dipped below Amazon 's scores at some instances .
Could this be the first signs of a very full host ?
Or maybe my neighboring nodes got slashdotted ?
The clear winner is Linode on both 32 and 64 - bit architectures .
Parallel Unixbench followed .
I had to patch the Unixbench controller script to always use 4 parallel processes .
Normally Unixbench selects how many processes to spawn depending on the amount of virtual CPUs the system has .
Unixbench 4 parallel processes score ( higher is better ) .
Linode continues to impress with the best Unixbench scores for both its supported architectures .
The results are similar for the single process benchmark , Amazon is slowest overall with Slicehost beeing the most unstable environment .
Its important to note that both providers with only one virtual CPU , Prgmr and Amazon , has the lowest scores for both Unixbench tests .
SQL - bench on PostgreSQL is a large single - threaded database benchmark created by the MySQL project .
I had to patch the suite to disable one test which did not run on PostgreSQL and decrease the ammount of some iterations to make the suite finish in a reasonable time .
SQL - bench on PostgreSQL .
Runtime in seconds ( lower is better ) .
As we see from the graph , this benchmark varies greatly over time for most providers .
If we consult our summary table we note that 64 - bit Linode has the best average time with 32 - bit Linode in second place .
Slicehost 's average runtime is highest by a large margin .
Amazon is clearly the most stable host in the SQL - bench tests with several orders of magnitude less standard deviation than other providers .
Django test suite on PostgreSQL was run to hopefully give a picture of how the various hosts performed under a web application load .
This is a single - threaded benchmark .
Django test suite on PostgreSQL .
Runtime in seconds ( lower is better ) .
The results are very similar to those of the SQL - bench runs against the same database system .
Linode 64 - bit and 32 - bit has the lowest average runtimes and Amazon has a surprisingly low standard deviation .
Similar to the SQL - bench runs Rackspace has the highest standard deviation while Slicehost has the highest average runtimes , more than 2.5 times slower than Linode 64 - bit .
Django test suite on in - memory SQLite exactly the same as the previous benchmark against a different database system .
Django test suite on in - memory SQLite .
Runtime in seconds ( lower is better ) .
This memory intensive benchmark faired badly for Amazon as it has the highest average runtime .
Overall the runtimes are fairly stable , only Slicehost has a significant standard deviation .
As with all the database and Django specific benchmarks Linode 64 - bit has the lowest average runtime with 32 - bit Linode close behind .
1 : Single process Unixbench
2 : Parallel Unixbench
3 : SQL - bench on PostgreSQL
4 : Django test suite on PostgreSQL
5 : Django test suite on in - memory SQLite
x : average
σ : standard deviation
1 x 1 σ 2 x 2 σ 3 x 3 σ 4 x 4 σ 5 x 5 σ Slicehost 278 45.12 409 108.79 2132 361.07 932 177.8 424 39.08 Linode x86_64 570 1.48 1128 8.75 1251 261.67 352 55.79 190 6.67 Linode i686 719 3.68 1389 14.13 1392 234.04 399 27.71 216 6.79 Prgmr 243 1.41 274 1.82 1463 238.91 563 55.33 289 2.46 Rackspace 321 3.03 665 21.09 1600 403.31 677 266.02 322 4.98 Amazon 211 1.33 247 1.38 1557 6.62 663 5.67 496 5.22
Summarizing the benchmarks gives us one clear winner : Linode .
32 - bit gave the best results on the Unixbench runs while 64 - bit was fastest on the Django and database tests .
Since Linode also has the highest included bandwidth I have a hard time recommending any of the other providers if performance and price is most important for you .
If I had an opportunity to compare these providers again , I would have included more multi- threaded benchmarks .
I 'll probably not do a new comparison as this article has taken a lot of time and been over 6 months in the making .
The in - season testing ban may have caused some problems but it has given us one thing to look forward to : tomorrow a three - day F1 test session exclusively for rookie drivers begins at Jerez .
Already most of the teams have announced their drivers which include a host of champions plus several drivers from nations not currently represented in F1 including America , Mexico , Sweden , Belgium , New Zealand and China .
Here ’s a guide to the drivers announced so far and who they ’ll be appearing for .
Which of them will we be seeing in F1 soon ?
Bertrand Baguette
Nationality : Belgian
Career highlights : 2009 World Series by Renault champion
Team : Renault
Test dates : Tuesday 1st December
Won the World Series by Renault comfortably at his third attempt this year with 155 points to closest rival Fairuz Fauzy ’s 98 .
It may have taken him until round ten to register his first win but consistency served him well .
He wrapped up the title before the end of the season but hung around to win the final two races at Motorland Aragon in emphatic style .
Deserves a shot at F1 for his surname alone – can he follow previous category champions Fernando Alonso and Robert Kubica into the top level ?
Jules Bianchi
Nationality : French
Career highlights : 2009 F3 Euroseries champion
Team : Ferrari
Test dates : Tuesday 1st - Wednesday 2nd December
With Nicolas Todt ( son of FIA president Jean Todt ) managing his career , Bianchi ’s chances of reaching F1 would look good even if he were n’t such a promising talent .
But his dominant F3 Euroseries title win this year , setting him up for a GP2 debut with ART next year , shows his considerable promise .
The only blot on his form this year was an indifferent showing at the blue riband Macau Grand Prix , starting 21st and finishing tenth .
It ’s fascinating that Ferrari are showing such interest in him at this stage in his career , giving him two of their three allocated test days .
It ’s been a long time since a rookie made their F1 race debut with Ferrari .
Perhaps they ’ve looked at the success McLaren have had with another ex-ART driver – Lewis Hamilton – and want to emulate it .
Jules Bianchi
Mirko Bortolotti
Nationality : Italian
Career highlights : 2008 Italian Formula
Three champion
Team : Toro Rosso
Test dates : TBC
Mirko Bortolotti is one of a trio of Italian drivers who tested for Ferrari at the end of last season .
He was considered the most promising of the three , and raced in Formula Two this year .
He scored just one win against the Andy Soucek steamroller and ended the year fourth overall .
But he ’s still only 19 and already enjoys the backing of Red Bull , earning him the Toro Rosso test .
Mirko Bortolotti
Mike Conway
Nationality : British
Career highlights : 2006 British Formula
Three champion
Team : Mercedes
Test dates : Tuesday 1st - Thursday 3rd December
On Twitter : Mike Conway
Conway is already well - known to The Team Now Known As Mercedes , as he was a test driver for them during their Honda incarnation .
I met him in 2006 when he was in British Formula Three .
He talked of how he wanted to get into Formula 1 but appreciated how difficult it is to do and how racing in America could be an alternative .
Funnily enough , that ’s just how things worked out .
Despite beating team mate Bruno Senna ( set to become an F1 driver for Campos ) to the British F3 title , Conway ’s subsequent two seasons in GP2 did n’t bring much success .
He won once , at Monaco in 2008 , while team mate to Ho - Pin Tung at Trident ( see below ) .
After that , he went State - side .
Let ’s not mince words : there were a lot of crashes during his season with Dreyer and Reinbold Racing in the Indy Racing League .
In fact there were seven in 17 starts .
However he did show some speed , particularly on road courses , and was a surprising and wholly deserved third at Infineon Raceway .
His appearance at the test – where he will share three days ’ running with Marcus Ericsson – could play a role in deciding whether his racing future is in Europe or America .
Paul di Resta
Nationality : British
Career highlights : 2006 F3 Euroseries champion
Team : Force India
Test dates : TBC
Paul di Resta is testing for Force India but with both their seats taken for 2010 the interesting link here could be engine supplier Mercedes .
Di Resta has driven for them in the DTM since 2007 .
The year before that he won the F3 Euroseries beating team mate Sebastian Vettel , so quite a few people are interested to see how di Resta gets on in an F1 car .
He has even been rumoured as an outside chance for the second Mercedes seat alongside Nico Rosberg .
That seems unlikely ( would a driver without an F1 win and another driver without an F1 start be a good enough line - up for the reigning champions ? ) , but with his ambitions focussed on F1 it ’s certainly time he moved up from the DTM .
Lucas di Grassi
Nationality : Brazilian
Career highlights : GP2 runner - up , 2007
Team : Renault
Test dates : TBC
On Twitter : Lucas di Grassi
Really should have won a GP2 championship by now after four seasons in the category .
Was probably the series ’ most impressive driver last year when he finished third in the championship despite missing the first six races .
But he ’s had two seasons where he ’s joined the winners of the previous championship and failed to deliver the title – with ART in 2007 and Racing Engineering this year .
Di Grassi has been a test driver for Renault and is a strong candidate for a drive next year even if they do n’t stay in F1 , having also been linked to the new Manor and Campos teams .
This test could seal a deal for him .
Lucas di Grassi
Marcus Ericsson
Nationality : Swedish
Career highlights : 2007 Formula BMW UK champion , 2009 Japanese Formula
Three champion
Team : Mercedes
Test dates : TBC
Marcus Ericsson won the Japanese F3 championship in an exciting season finale after nearest rival Takuto Iguchi spun in the last race at Sugo .
That completed the task Ericsson had set out on after leaving the UK racing scene behind where he ’d won the Formula BMW championship in 2007 and finished fifth in British F3 last year .
He took pole position for the Macau Grand Prix last weekend but struggled to hold back his Volkswagen - engined rivals and finished fourth .
Now Ericsson looks set to move up to GP2 having begun the GP2 Asia championship with ART , though he failed to score in the first two races .
Esteban Gutierrez
Nationality : Mexican
Career highlights : 2008 Formula BMW
Europe champion
Team : BMW
Test dates : TBC
Gutierrez , like Alexander Rossi ( below ) , earned his F1 test with BMW thanks to his performance in Formula BMW last year .
The Mexican driver won the Formula BMW European championship last year in races supporting several Grands Prix .
He made his move up to Formula Three this year as team - mate to Bianchi at ART .
He ended the year ninth overall , a respectable result for a rookie in a difficult category .
The 18 - year - old has had a pair of GP2 tests – with ART in October and with Arden earlier this month .
Brendon Hartley
Nationality : New Zealander
Career highlights : 2007 Formula Renault 2.0 Europe champion
Team : Toro Rosso
Test dates : TBC
Hartley was Jaime Alguersuari ’s team mate in the Carlin British F3 team last year – he finished third while Alguerusuari won the title and , as we all know , moved up into F1 this year .
This year the New Zealand driver – who just turned 20 – raced in the F3 Euroseries and World Series by Renault .
The split campaigns do n’t seem to have done his form any favours : he scored just 15 points in the F3 Euroseries ( including one win ) but missed six races .
He scored 26 in World Series by Renault , missing five races .
Despite not seeming to know what to do with him , the Red Bull Driver Development programme has at least seen fit to give him an F1 test for Toro Rosso .
Next year he would probably benefit from finding one category and sticking to it .
Nico H?�??lkenberg
Nationality : German
Career highlights : 2006 -07 A1 Grand Prix champion ( Team Germany ) , 2008 F3 Euroseries champion , 2009 GP2 champion , 2010 F1 driver ( Williams )
Team : Williams
Test dates : TBC
We already know plenty about Nico H?�?? lkenberg .
He romped to the GP2 title for ART , becoming the first rookie to win the category since Lewis Hamilton in 2006 .
With championship titles in other major junior series and the backing of Michael Schumcher ’s manager Willi Weber , much is expected from H ?�?? lkenberg ’s F1 debut for Williams in 2010 .
Nico H?�??lkenberg
Daniel Ricciardo
Nationality : Australian
Career highlights : 2008 Formula Renault 2.0 WEC champion , 2009 British F3 champion
Team : Red Bull
Test dates : TBC
Australian Daniel Ricciardo ( who lists Mark Webber among his favourite drivers ) began this year ’s British F3 championship with a pair of wins at Oulton Park .
This followed a move up from Formula Renault 2.0 WEC where he was champion in 2008 .
Ricciardo , who is backed by Red Bull , went on to win the British F3 title comfortably with six wins .
Although he had no answer for Bianchi ’s pace when the ART team appeared at a couple of British rounds , that could be more a reflection of the higher level of competition in the European championship and Bianchi ’s greater experience .
Ricciardo also took the opportunity to sample more powerful machinery this year , driving two races in Formula Renault 3.5 , suggesting that could be his next step on the path towards F1 .
Andy Soucek
Nationality : Spanish
Career highlights : 2009 Formula
Two champion
Team : Williams
Test dates : TBC
Williams are giving a test to Andy Soucek as his prize for winning the Formula Two championship , which the F1 team supplies cars for .
With both Williams seats taken for next year , the best Soucek can hope for with the team is inheriting H ?�?? lkenberg ’s former role as test driver .
Before F2
Soucek spent two years driving more powerful cars against stronger opposition in GP2 , with a best result of two second places .
He may well have to prove himself against that kind of opposition before he ’s considered worthy of an F1 seat .
Andy Soucek
JR Hildebrand
Nationality : American
Career highlights : 2009 Indy Lights champion
Team : Force India
Test dates : TBC
On Twitter : JR Hildebrand
Not the notorious Dallas bad guy ( that ’s JR Ewing ) or the fictional author of a book on fly fishing ( JR Hartley ) – JR Hildebrand is this year ’s Indy Lights champion .
And if you ’ve not heard of him before , do n’t worry , it ’s not as if there ’s a great pedigree of Indy Lights drivers graduating straight to F1 .
Hildebrand , 21 , won four races en route to the Indy Lights championship title in his second full year in the category .
The series runs on a mix of road , street and oval courses and all of Hildebrand ’s wins came on tracks with right and left - hand turns .
A1 GP fans may also remember he made a one - off appearance for Team USA at Brands Hatch , finishing fourth in his first race .
It ’s too early to be thinking of a graduation to F1 but the test could present an opportunity for Hildebrand to move his career to a European championship such as GP2 where he would be more likely to attract the attention of F1 team bosses .
Alexander Rossi
Nationality : American
Career highlights : 2008 Formula BMW Americas champion , 2008 Formula BMW World Series champion
Team : BMW
Test dates : TBC
Plenty of people would like to see a competitive American driver in F1 to raise the sport ’s profile in the USA .
Californian Alexander Rossi might be the driver to do it one day .
Along with Gutierrez , Rossi is testing for BMW , thanks to his victory in last year ’s BMW World Series and the Formula BMW American series .
He started racing in Europe this year and joined the Formula Master championship .
Three wins put him fourth in the championship and top rookie .
Rossi made his first appearance in GP2 Asia at the race supporting the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix and looked instantly at home in the more powerful cars , finishing fourth and fifth in his first two races .
It ’s still early days , but Rossi seems the most convincing young American talent trying to ply his trade in F1 for some time .
Alexander Rossi
Pablo Sanchez Lopez
Nationality : Mexican
Career highlights :
Third in 2009 Italian Formula
Three championship
Team : Ferrari
Test dates : Thursday 3rd December
While Bianchi gets two days in the F60 the three other drivers Ferrari is bringing to the test will share a day between them .
They are the top three drivers from this year ’s Italian Formula Three championship .
Mexican Pablo Sanchez Lopez was third in the series , ending the year with a double win at Monza .
The 19 - year - old moved to the category after a season in World Series by Renault last year – where he was the second - lowest ranked of all drivers who completed a full season .
Oliver Turvey
Nationality : British
Career highlights : 2006 McLaren Autosport BRDC
Young Driver Award winner
Team : McLaren
Test dates : Tuesday 1st - Thursday 3rd December
Not content with having an all - British driver line - up for 2010 McLaren has picked another British driver – Oliver Turvey – to test its car .
Turvey finished as runner - up to Jaime Alguersuari in the British F3 championship last year .
The pair graduated to World Series by Renault together and Turvey edged Alguersuari on points , finishing fourth overall and winning the F1 - supporting Monaco race .
Turvey has already landed a seat with GP2 team iSport for 2010 , and drove for them in the GP2 Asia race at Yas Island .
He is backed by the Racing Steps Foundation which helps talented British drivers who lack sponsorship to find drives .
Ho -Pin Tung
Nationality : Chinese
Career highlights : 2003 Formula BMW
Asia champion , 2006 German Formula
Three champion
Team : Renault
Test dates : TBC
Are Renault only interested in Ho - Pin Tung for the potential publicity value of having the first Chinese driver in the sport ?
With the future of their team in doubt it does n’t take a cynic to see the value to the car manufacturer of having a Chinese driver in one of their cars , or even just a test role , for 2010 .
Tung has two seasons of experience in GP2 .
He scored just 11 points from 2007 - 2008 , but was not in any of the front - running teams .
He ’s also competed in A1 Grand Prix and was in Superleague Formula this year .
Tung started the season with Atletico Madrid but switched to Galatasaray and scored a decent win at Jarama .
He had his first F1 test back in 2004 with Williams and also appeared in BMW ’s Pit Lane Park at Shanghai in 2007 ( below ) .
Daniel Zampieri
Nationality : Italian
Career highlights : 2009 Italian Formula
Three champion
Team : Ferrari
Test dates : Thursday 3rd December
Zampieri won the Italian F3 championship this year and has already made a move up to GP2 Asia .
The 19 - year - old raced at Yas Island for Piquet GP , registering a 15th and a DNF .
He also joined the stars of F3 for the Macau race at the end of the year – but was eliminated in the lap one mayhem , along with Ricciardo and Hartley .
Marco Zipoli
Nationality : Italian
Career highlights : Second in 2009 Italian Formula Three Championship .
Team : Ferrari
Test dates : Thursday 3rd December
The 19 - year - old Genoan driver scored points in every round of the Italian F3 championship this year despite driving for three different teams during the year .
He ended the year second behind Zampieri but the pair scored almost the same amount of points when they became team mates for the last eight races of the year .
Who else ?
At the time of writing McLaren are yet to confirm who they might bring to the test .
And it ’s not clear if Toyota , who are pulling out of F1 , will bother to attend .
Which of these drivers do you think will do well and deserve an F1 seat ?
Are there any other up - and - coming drivers you think deserve an F1 test ?
What about the likes Sergio Perez , Edoardo Mortara and Giedo van der Garde ?
Have your say in the comments .
Images ( C ) Renault , Alastair Staley / GP2 , Drew Gibson / GP2 , DTM , British F3 , Indy Racing League , Honda Racing , Superleague Formula , BMW ag
4:08 pm
Center for Biological Diversity
Dirty Coal Czar Confirmed by Senate
2:33 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Healthcare and Unemployment
2:32 pm
Rainforest Action Network ( RAN )
REDD Forest Agreement Hits New Low , Missing Basic Elements
2:30 pm
National Gay and Lesbian Task Force
Task Force Honors California Statewide Leaders for Their Contributions to LGBT Equality
2:28 pm
Human Rights Watch ( HRW )
Turkey : Bar Entry or Arrest Sudan President
2:25 pm
Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence
Statement on Fort Hood Tragedy
2:19 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Fort Hood Shooting
2:01 pm
Center for Biological Diversity
Center for Biological Diversity Statement on Senate Climate Bill
1:15 pm
Center for Biological Diversity
Obama Issues Endangered Species Performance Review : Has Only Listed One Species in 10 Months
CHICAGO 
The food fight here started the way such bouts do in school lunchrooms most anywhere : an apple was tossed , a cookie turned into a torpedo , and an orange plunked someone in the head .
Within minutes , dozens of middle - school students had joined in the ruckus , and spattered adults were ducking for cover .
By the end of the day , 25 of the students , ages 11 to 15 , had been rounded up , arrested , taken from school and put in jail .
A spokesman for the Chicago police said the charges were reckless conduct , a misdemeanor .
That was last Thursday afternoon .
Now parents are questioning what seem to them like the criminalization of age - old adolescent pranks , and the lasting legal and psychological impact of the arrests .
“ My children have to appear in court , ” Erica Russell , the mother of two eighth - grade girls who spent eight hours in jail , said Tuesday .
“ They were handcuffed , slammed in a wagon , had their mug shots taken and treated like real criminals . ”
The author welcomes feedback , questions , help requests , and bug reports via e-mail : J.P. Larocque < jpl- software at thoughtcrime.us >
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY .
IN PARTICULAR , NEITHER THE AUTHORS NOR LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
Permission to use , copy , modify , and distribute this software for any purpose without fee is hereby granted , provided that this entire notice is included in all copies of any software which is or includes a copy or modification of this software and in all copies of the supporting documentation for such software .
That software contains parts derived from an earlier library by Rob Pike , Sape Mullender , and Russ Cox :
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software .
Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sublicense , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions :
That software was derived from channel.c of Plan 9 libthread :
This software was directly derived from csp.tgz , dated 2006 - 07-03 , and published by Roger Peppe .
No copyright notice giving attribution to Roger Peppe or any specific licensing terms seem to have been included in that version .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL , DIRECT , INDIRECT , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE , DATA OR PROFITS , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION , ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE .
Permission to use , copy , modify , and / or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted , provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies .
The software and this document are licensed under permissive , BSD - like terms , copied from the ISC license :
I sign all my software with OpenPGP , key ID 0xE979FFBEA002D20 F , fingerprint A87B 1C5A 28C4 03BD 54BA CE8E E979 FFBE A002 D20F .
( Releases were previously signed with 0x80555CED7394F948 , which has been revoked , but not compromised .
See my OpenPGP transition statement . )
The latest version of Calispel , with accompanying documentation , can be found at : http://www.thoughtcrime.us/software/calispel/
Many CSP - and occam - style channel libraries offer features like parallel execution ( i.e. occam PAR ) .
Calispel is a message - passing library , and as such leaves the role of threading abstractions and utilities left to be filled by perfectly good , complementary libraries such as Bordeaux - Threads and Eager Future .
A syntax for alternation is provided ( like ALT in occam , or Unix select ( ) ) : given a sequence of operations , any or all of which may block , alternation selects the first operation that does n't block and executes associated code .
Alternation can also time out , executing an " otherwise " clause if no operation becomes available within a set amount of time .
Because sending and receiving on a channel may block , either operation can time out after a specified amount of time .
Calispel channels let one thread communicate with another , facilitating unidirectional communication of any Lisp object .
Channels may be unbuffered , where a sender waits for a receiver ( or vice versa ) before either operation can continue , or channels may be buffered with flexible policy options .
Calispel is a Common Lisp library for thread - safe message - passing channels , in the style of the occam programming language .
2. Examples
Create a channel with no buffering :
( defparameter * chan * ( make- instance ' calispel: channel ) )
In another thread , sleep for 1 second , then send the number 42 to the channel .
In the current thread , receive from the channel .
At first , there will be no value available , so ? will wait until the other thread sends the value .
( progn ( eager - future : pexec ( sleep 1 ) ( calispel : ! * chan* 42 ) ) ( calispel : ?
* chan* ) ) => 42 T
( 42 is the value received , and T indicates that the receive was successful — it did not time out . )
Sending to the channel will also block without a waiting receiver , because channels are unbuffered by default .
This will attempt to send to the channel , then time out after 2 seconds :
( calispel : !
* chan * ' foo 2 ) => NIL
( NIL indicates that the send was not successful — it timed out . )
Create a new channel that is buffered :
This channel will accept up to two values that have not yet been received before sends will block :
( loop for i from 1 while ( calispel : !
* chan* i 0 ) finally ( format t " ~ & Stopped before ~:R value . ~& " i ) ) >>
Stopped before third value .
Now let 's print them back out :
( loop ( multiple - value - bind ( value success ? ) ( calispel : ?
* chan* 0 ) ( when success ?
( format t " ~& Value : ~ S ~& " value ) ) ( unless success ? ( return ) ) ) ) >>
Value : 1 Value : 2
Suppose that we have many channels that we 're interested in receiving from or sending to .
We can use alternation to select the first operation that is available , and then perform some action associated with the operation :
( let (( chan1 ( make - instance ' calispel: channel ) ) ; chan1 goes unused ( chan2 ( make- instance ' calispel: channel ) ) ) ( eager - future : pexec ( calispel : ! chan2 42 ) ) ( calispel : pri-alt (( calispel : ? chan1 ) ;;
Nothing is sent to CHAN1 , so it can't be ready .
( format t " ~ & Got a value from CHAN1 , but that should never happen . ~& " ) ) (( calispel : ? chan2 value ) ;; CHAN2 has either had something sent to it , or it soon will , ; ; so this will execute .
( format t " ~ & Got value from CHAN2 : ~ S ~& " value ) ) ) ) >>
Got value from CHAN2 : 42
What if there 's more than one operation that is immediately possible ?
PRI - ALT chooses the first one available ...
( let (( chan1 ( make - instance ' calispel: channel ) ) ( chan2 ( make- instance ' calispel: channel ) ) ) ( eager - future : pexec ( calispel : ! chan1 ' foo ) ) ( eager - future : pexec ( calispel : ! chan2 ' bar ) ) ( sleep 1 ) ;
Wait for both CHAN1 and CHAN2 to become ready .
( calispel : pri-alt ( ( calispel : ? chan1 value ) ( format t " ~ & Got value from CHAN1 : ~ S ~& " value ) ) ( ( calispel : ? chan2 value ) ( format t " ~ & Got value from CHAN2 : ~ S ~& " value ) ) ) ) >>
Got value from CHAN1 : FOO
... whereas FAIR -ALT chooses any of the available operations :
( let (( chan1 ( make - instance ' calispel: channel ) ) ( chan2 ( make- instance ' calispel: channel ) ) ) ( eager - future : pexec ( calispel : ! chan1 ' foo ) ) ( eager - future : pexec ( calispel : ! chan2 ' bar ) ) ( sleep 1 ) ;
Wait for both CHAN1 and CHAN2 to become ready .
( calispel : fair - alt ( ( calispel : ? chan1 value ) ( format t " ~ & Got value from CHAN1 : ~ S ~& " value ) ) ( ( calispel : ? chan2 value ) ( format t " ~ & Got value from CHAN2 : ~ S ~& " value ) ) ) ) >>
Got value from CHAN1 : FOO ( or , determined randomly ) >>
Got value from CHAN2 : BAR
Just like ?
and ! , PRI - ALT and FAIR - ALT allow time outs to be specified .
An OTHERWISE clause is executed if no operation can be immediately performed , effectively putting a time out of 0 on all the operations :
( let (( chan1 ( make - instance ' calispel: channel ) ) ( chan2 ( make- instance ' calispel: channel ) ) ) ( eager - future : pexec ( sleep 1 ) ( calispel : ! chan1 ' foo ) ) ( calispel : pri-alt ( ( calispel : ? chan1 value ) ( format t " ~ & Got value from CHAN1 : ~ S ~& " value ) ) ( ( calispel : ? chan2 value ) ( format t " ~ & Got value from CHAN2 : ~ S ~& " value ) ) ( otherwise ( format t " ~&Timed -out . ~& " ) ) ) ) >>
Timed - out .
You can also wait up to a certain amount of time before executing the OTHERWISE clause :
( let (( chan1 ( make - instance ' calispel: channel ) ) ( chan2 ( make- instance ' calispel: channel ) ) ) ( eager - future : pexec ( sleep 1 ) ( calispel : ! chan1 ' foo ) ) ( calispel : pri-alt ( ( calispel : ? chan1 value ) ( format t " ~ & Got value from CHAN1 : ~ S ~& " value ) ) ( ( calispel : ? chan2 value ) ( format t " ~ & Got value from CHAN2 : ~ S ~& " value ) ) ( ( otherwise : timeout 5 ) ( format t " ~ &Timed -out . ~& " ) ) ) ) >>
Got value from CHAN1 : FOO
Superheroes can escape almost any trap ... except for 50 years ' worth of backstory that 's dated , self - contradictory or gets in the way of a story .
So what do you do ?
Reach for the retcon !
Here are 15 examples of retcon fail .
Comics have a grand problem of continuity .
Long - lived characters have been starring in multiple monthly titles for years , amounting to thousands of issues , not counting guest stars , crossovers , and tie-ins .
And every single one of those issues counts .
With retroactive continuity , maybe our heroes fought a clone ; or it was a dream ; or the whole thing took place in a parallel reality ; or someone did n't die , and instead someone took their unconscious body and healed them .
Sometimes it 's handled well , with good characterisation and a soft touch .
But mostly , it is n't .
Here are some of the worst , most ham - fisted and generally clumsy ways of dealing with problems in the history of your character .
One More Day / Brand New Day
Advertisement
During the events of Marvel 's Civil War crossover , Spider - man revealed his secret identity to the public , making him and his family a massive target for all the would - be assassins , crime - lords and supervillains around .
At the same time , Marvel Editor - in - Chief Joe Queseda had been publicly expressing his distaste for Spider - Man 's marraige to Mary Jane for years , on the grounds that it aged the character too much .
Quesada wanted to return Spidey to his roots , bring back down - on - his - luck Peter Parker , still living with his Aunt May , still struggling to pay for webfluid and get by day - to - day .
And of course , he did it in the clumsiest way possible .
He took over writing this series when outgoing writer , J. Michael Straczynski did n't want to pen the revisions Quesada proposed .
In " One More Day , " Aunt May gets accidentally shot by a sniper , and lays in hospital , on the verge of death .
And Spider - man makes a deal with the devil , literally .
Mephisto , Marvel 's Satan stand - in , saves Aunt May , but in exchange he would take the happy marriage of Peter and MJ , and make it as though it had never happened .
So , Peter gave up his beautiful , loving wife in order to extend the life of his already elderly and frequently ill Aunt .
In the process , the entire planet forgot his identity , and Peter and Mary Jane 's daughter would never come to be .
Well , to be fair , MJ made the final decision , but the whole concept made no sense , and avoided any explanations by just saying " it 's magic ! "
Advertisement
Xornneto
Advertisement
When Grant Morrison took over X - Men , he introduced some radical changes , including the concept of secondary mutations , and the idea that at their current rate , Mutants would soon out - populate normal humans .
He also introduced into Xavier 's school the character of Xorn , a Chinese mutant with a star for a head , who had spent years imprisoned , and became a teacher for some of the more troubled students at the institute .
Xorn eventually revealed he was Magneto in disguise , and died in a giant battle , along with Jean Grey .
However , almost immediately afterwards , it was decided that Magneto was too high - profile to kill for real — so a retcon established that Xorn was NOT Magneto ( who was alive and kicking in Genosha ) .
Instead , Xorn was a real person under the influence of another mutant .
Then , just for kicks , they introduced another Xorn , a twin to the first , so they could keep the character around .
So rather than sticking with a dramatic and powerful moment , as originally written by Morrison , the new writers tossed out the crux of his final arc to preserve the status quo .
Advertisement
Superboy Prime Punches Reality
Advertisement
DC 's continuity has always been plagued by issues of multiple realities , which were used as the original way to differentiate Golden Age versions of characters from the Silver Age .
During DCs Crisis on Infinite Earth , through the cataclysmic arrival of the Anti-Monitor , all of these timelines were merged into one , dealing away with all the confusion once and for all .
Several characters from these dead universes were tucked away in a pocket universe , including Superboy Prime , who came for a reality where he was the only superpowered character .
He and Kal - L , the Golden Age Superman , eventually become so angry at the dark and gritty nature of the current DC universe , that Superboy Prime punches a hole through reality .
Yup , he punches reality so hard , that it shatters , creating the multiverse , and retconning various story problems , including bringing the 1980s Robin , Jason Todd , back to life .
That is the power of the retcon punch .
As a side note , an absolutely excellent version of the Superboy Prime story was told a few years ago in Superman : Secret Identity by Kurt Busiek and Stuart Immonen , which is well worth tracking down .
Advertisement
Power Girl's Origin
Advertisement
Originally , Power Girl was the Earth - 2 version of Supergirl , a cousin to Superman who arrived long after he did , but with the same sort of powers .
However , after the aforementioned Crisis on Infinite Earths , there was no more Earth - 2 , nor had there ever been .
However , Power Girl existed on the main Earth , so she needed a new origin .
So instead of making her another Kryptonian survivor ( or something similar ) , she was revealed to be a descendant of the Atlantean sorcerer Arion , who lay in suspended animation for a thousand years before being revived in the current day .
Did this make any sense ?
Nope .
Did it gel at all with her old background ?
Not in the slightest .
This stupidity was thankfully forgotten , and during Infinite Crisis , they just decided she was Supergirl from another dimension , and left it at that .
Gwen Stacy Slept With Norman Osborn
Advertisement
Gwen Stacy 's death at the hands of the Green Goblin is considered one of the pivotal moments in Spider - man 's history , and remains an incredibly poignant scene .
However , during JMS 's run on Spider - man , he gave her two children .
Originally , his plan was that they be Peter 's , and that she had them in secret .
However , the editorial team decided that giving Spider - man two grown children would — wait for it — age Peter Parker too much .
Instead , they decided that Norman Osborn would be the father .
That 's right , Gwen Stacy hooked up with creepy old billionaire Osborn , got pregnant with twins , and kept them from Osborn — which is why he killed her .
Then , he trained the twins to become assassins , to hunt down Spider -man .
Advertisement
Wolverine
Advertisement
Wolverine 's entire history is just one crappy retcon piled on top of another .
How 's this for a start ?
Wolverine was originally meant to be an actual wolverine , who had been turned into a human by the high evolutionary , and his claws were part of his gloves .
Then the claws became implants created by Weapon X , and he was a mutant .
Then he was meant to be Sabertooth 's son .
Then it turns out he'd had bone claws all along , and they were just covered up with metal .
Recently , however , things have started getting even weirder for Logan .
It turns out Wolverine now is n't a mutant , but rather a Lupine , a human looking species that evolved in parallel to humans — but from wolves , not apes .
And there are two tribes : one with blond hair , the other with dark hair , and they hate each other — which is why Sabertooth hates Wolverine so much .
They 're not the only two , either — other Lupine 's include Wolfsbane , Feral , Wild Child and Thornn .
So pretty much ever feral mutant is n't actually a mutant , but a wolf person .
They 're all being manipulated by an almost immortal elder Lupine called Romulus .
Advertisement
Wolverine 's healing factor has also suffered from major power creep over the years , expanding from " he can heal faster than most " , to " was left as a skeleton after a major explosion , and healed completely within seconds . "
So to de-power him slightly , a retcon established that every time he dies , Wolverine has to fight the spirit of death to return to the living .
Since WWI , he has been in constant combat with a being known as Lazaer ( the worst anagram since Alucard ) , and his soul cannot return to his body unless he defeats Lazaer in limbo , each time .
After some jiggerypokery with the resurrected version Shingen , Lazaer and Wolverine ended their constant battle — so if Wolverine dies again , it 's for real .
Jean Grey and the Phoenix Force
Advertisement
This one is the great Grandaddy of weird retcons .
Phoenix / Jean
Grey took her own life after losing control of the awesome magnitude of the Phoenix Force , and accidentally devouring an inhabited planet .
Cyclops was unsurprisingly bummed , hooked up with a clone of Jean , had a baby , which was then sent to the future to become Cable .
However , a few years later , the writers wanted to bring Jean Grey back .
So they decided that she was never Phoenix , instead the Phoenix Force created a simulacrum of her , and the real one was kept in stasis , deep beneath the ocean .
Problem solved .
The Third Summers Brother ?
Advertisement
Two of the X - Men , Cyclops and Havok , are brothers .
At one point , the villainous Mr. Sinister dropped hints that there was in fact a third Summers brother , which would throw another powerful energy user into the X - Men universe .
The originally planned extra brother was to be Adam X the X - Treme , also known as " the 90s personified " .
He had the power to combust blood , but only if someone was already cut , so he covered himself with blades ( and wore a totally rad backwards cap ) .
He was meant to be half human , half an alien Shi'ar , a product of the rape of his mother by the Shi'ar Emperor .
This origin story was used , instead , for the actual third Summers brother , Vulcan .
He was retroactively introduced in 2006 , when it was revealed that Charles Xavier sent him and a team to go rescue his missing X - Men decades ago .
Unfortunately , the whole team was lost , and Xavier mind - wiped everyone to forget about it .
The end product ?
Xavier was a dick , and Vulcan flew into space to become the Emperor of the Shi'ar .
Advertisement
Nightcrawler Is A Demon
Advertisement
Chuck Austen 's run on X - Men is regarded by many readers as the low point for Marvel 's mutant titles .
In addition to adding a Mary Sue version of his wife , as well as making Havoc his own avatar ; and having Angel have sex with the then underage Husk in front of her family , he also tweaked a couple of characters in a rather odd way .
The most notable of these was to explain Nightcrawler 's demonly looks as a result of him actually being part - demon .
Turns out that Nightcrawler 's mother , Mystique , hooked up with the demon Azazel , who sired a number of teleporting mutant babies , in the hopes of them breaking him out of Hell .
So , Kurt Wagner , the almost priest and one of the most religious of the X - Men , was actually half demon
Rape Makes You Deep
Advertisement
Black Cat , Catwoman , Sue Dibny .
What links these characters ?
They had rape retconned into their background as a way of making them edgier .
It 's lazy writing , offensive , and a cheap ploy to pad out the background of the characters .
Sue Dibny 's was particularly bad , because it was used as part of the Identity Crisis crossover , which helped turn DC into a far more dark ' n ' gritty place , with almost no place for frivolity or fun .
Hal Jordan and The Space Bug
Advertisement
When Hal Jordan turned into the maniacal Parallax , it was originally a story of a superhero who cracked under the weight of his responsibilities .
The entire population of his hometown , Coast City , was killed by the villainous Mongol , and Hal Jordan was driven mad with grief .
Convinced that with more power he could bring them back to life , Jordan slaughters his way through the Green Lantern Corps and the Guardians of the Universe , and absorbs a huge amount of power , becoming the villain Parallax .
Hal eventually redeems himself , re-igniting the Sun and thus sacrificing his life , during a storyline called Final Night .
The retcon was that Hal Jordan did n't break under the grief of the deaths of 7 million people that he'd sworn to protect , but rather he was under the influence of a yellow space bug called Parallax , which was the personification of fear .
Thus , Hal Jordan came back as an unblemished character , who never did anything wrong .
Advertisement
Cassandra Cain Goes Evil , Gains Mastery of English Language
Advertisement
Cassandra Cain was the modern Batgirl .
Trained as an assassin from a young age , she rebelled against her past to join the Bat family .
She kicked ass and took names , but could n't speak , read or write .
Eventually , she managed to learn basic English , and became a core figure in the Bat books , and a tireless crime fighter .
Then , during the One Year Later timeshift , she suddenly had a perfect grasp of English , and was the leader of the League of Assassins , the same organization that had brutally trained and abused her since her childhood , and from which she had escaped .
This was eventually explained through mind control drugs , but was still completely out of character .
Hawkman , Reincarnated Egyptian or Space Cop ?
Advertisement
Originally , Hawkman was an archaeologist who turned out to be the reincarnation of an Egyptian prince .
He flew around with wings made of the mysterious Nth metal , and hit things with a mace .
Accompanying him was his reincarnated girlfriend , Hawkgirl .
Then , in the Silver Age , DC made Hawkman and Hawkgirl space cops from the planet Thanagar .
Following this , there were multiple interpretations of the characters , sometimes simultaneously — the Hawks were reincarnated Egyptian lovers , alien police officers , or some combination of both .
New background and retcon piled on top of one another , until no one knew what the actual background of everyone 's favorite flying violence users .
Just when you thought they could n't get any more confusing , a 1990s comic explained that Hawkman was actually a Native American shaman who talked to spirit guide animals .
Advertisement
Presently , it 's been established that all incarnations , regardless of origin , are the reincarnated souls of those Egyptian lovers , who were then exposed to Thanagarian technology .
Their love is so powerful that it's become the source of all energy for all the Star Sapphires , superpowered women , in the current run of Green Lantern .
Teenage Tony Stark
Advertisement
At some point in the terrifying decade of comics known as the 90s , we learned that Iron Man ( Tony Stark ) had been under the control of Kang the Conqueror for years .
Tony turned evil and killed someone .
( Later , it was retconned that this was n't actually Kang the Conqueror , but another villain , Immortus , in disguise . )
So , naturally , the Avengers went into an alternate timeline , and brought a teenaged Tony Stark forward in time to the present to fight the older Tony .
Do n't ask .
So for a while , Tony was a teenager , until teenage Tony was killed fighting Onslaught , and adult Tony was brought back to life in another parallel universe , during the Heroes Reborn event .
Eventually , this was folded in to normal Marvel continuity , and everyone forgot it ever happened .
Bad writing , covered with bad retcons , and best forgotten .
Advertisement
Spider - man , Avatar of The Spider God
Advertisement
Spider - man was originally a science hero .
Bitten by a radioactive spider , Peter Parker gained the proportional strength of an arachnid , the ability to cling to walls , and the uncanny ability to sense danger .
Fashioning mechanical web - shooters , he fought crime as the Spectacular / Amazing / Friendly Neighborhood Spider -man .
After the massive success of the first Spider - man film , though , he was given biological web shooters , to make him more in line with the movie version .
Under the stewardship of writer J. Michael Straczynski , it was revealed that the bite that brought Peter his powers was n't a coincidence , but rather Peter was linked to a totemic Spider God who influenced him .
Shortly after , Peter was mortally wounded , built a cocoon , and came out with additional powers , including wrist stingers , a poisonous bite , the ability to talk to arthropods , and night vision .
Another side effect of Brand New Day was everyone , including Spider - man , forgetting about his new powers .
Now that the Senate Finance Committee has voted for the health - care bill drafted by Montana Democratic Sen .
Max Baucus , negotiations over the real bill can begin in Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's cozy Capitol hideaway .
It wo n't be easy .
Democrats now face a central problem for any governing party :
How to pass a major piece of legislation when there are a lot of sharply different ideas about what should be in it .
Trying to reconcile what Democrats in the House prefer with what Democrats in the Senate want is already opening up divisions among the party 's supporters .
This week , for example , leaders of 30 labor unions called for Democrats to reject Mr. Baucus 's bill because it does n't include the government - run health insurance program better known as the public option .
This only makes it more likely that Democrats will have a bloody fight over the public option .
Members of Congress have a tendency to take a hard stand on a particular portion of a controversial bill .
That allows them to show a little independence and make a plausible claim to have influenced the eventual outcome .
The problem for Mr. Obama is that the Baucus bill is being sold on the strength of accounting tricks that make it appear that it wo n't add to the deficit .
( This is true for the other health - reform bills , too ) .
If fiscally conservative Democrats sign on to the bill now after publicly saying they are doing so because it does n't add to the deficit , they may end up bailing once the tricks are revealed to the public .
Remember that footage of Seth Green ranting and raving about how he was mugged ?
We originally doubted its validity , but this surveillance footage makes us believers .
It 's so upsetting watching two men knock Green , who 's just precious , to the ground , where he was probably covered with dirt and germs and general ickiness .
Oh , and they took his bag , which we 're sure irked him more than the aforementioned ickiness .
by Frank Azzurro on November 2 , 2009
Modern society is full of addictive behaviors , but it also empowers the people who exhibit them , such that we end up listening to every reason but the most obvious one regarding the true source of the problem .
We like to blame external factors or at least try to come up with external solutions to problems that are internal to the individual .
Rather than â€ œInternet addiction , â€™â€ ™
Pies prefers to say â€œproblematic use of electronic media , â€™â€™ arguing that no one would make a distinction between Twinkie - induced obesity and nacho - induced obesity .
But whatever you call it – and referring to the BlackBerry as a CrackBerry is just one term borrowed from the addiction lexicon – specialists say that when Internet use frays the fabric of daily life for adults or impedes development for children , somethingâ€™s wrong .
The concern with children goes beyond their grades in school , Rich said .
Developmental tasks of adolescents , such as learning how to control their impulses , can be delayed or derailed .
Research in adults is exploring whether changes in the brainâ€™s reward pathway , akin to what happens in smokers and gamblers , might occur with excessive Internet use .
Rich says problems show up predominantly in middle school boys , who may become socially isolated if they retreat to their computers rather than take part in after - school activities .
Some do suffer from other problems .
[ + |Boston.com ]
Whether it ’s “ internet addiction ” or “ problematic use of electronic media ” is irrelevant .
What matters is that we ’ve moved on from couch potato to computer potato , but the same old problems remain .
There are certain solutions the article points to which make sense – putting the computer in a shared room , forcing their middle school kids to spend more time outside .
But these are reactions to a problem that never should have existed in the first place .
These solutions – and the parents who implement them – are late to the party .
As a result , should n’t the parent share some responsibility ?
Therein lies one of the main issues raised by “ addictions ” like this : modern parents only seem to care when it affects a kid ’s grades or appearance , easily measurable attributes , instead of paying attention to their kids ’ daily routines and teaching them that life is a process .
If life is a process and you spend all your free time playing video games , you ’re disrupting that process and that can only lead to bad things down the line .
Pretty simple , right ?
It ’s the same with addiction to junk food , television , or porn : one of the main reasons kids get carried away at young ages is because parents do n’t really parent , they just let their kids coast as long as they are getting A’s in school situations where it ’s very easy to succeed .
These so - called addictions are just behavioral defects that arise when there is no immediate penalty for giving up on life and doing whatever the individual pleases at that particular moment .
This type of behavior does not come out of thin air for kids , they pick up on the lifestyles of their parents .
The thought process probably goes something like this : “ Well , they could be home with me more often but instead I was put in day care and now I ’m a latchkey kid – so if they can do that , why should I care about them or what they say ?
Should n’t I also be able to do what I please with my free time , since they ’re on the Crackberry when they get home and through dinner ? ”
It ’s when children see their parents working hard at being parents and being involved with their lives that healthy habits are formed , or at least the potential for healthy habits .
The closer the family , the better the interaction during formative years , the less likelihood you ’ll end up with a kid with these “ addictions ” .
And even if you do , the situation would be more easily remedied if and when a parent does have to confront those issues .
Technology is not to blame here ; we ca n’t start the discussion by saying “ Facebook ’s culture demands that everyone is signed on constantly and thus you get effect “ x ” ” .
Let ’s look internally for once , at why these problems arise in the first place , regardless of the cool technology we implement which happens to be abused by the weak among us .
Tags : cognitive dissonance , television
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
For a change , the American Medical Association is doing something right .
The American Medical Assn. on Tuesday urged the federal government to reconsider its classification of marijuana as a dangerous drug with no accepted medical use , a significant shift that puts the prestigious group behind calls for more research .
The nation ’s largest physicians organization , with about 250,000 member doctors , the AMA has maintained since 1997 that marijuana should remain a Schedule I controlled substance , the most restrictive category , which also includes heroin and LSD .
In changing its policy , the group said its goal was to clear the way to conduct clinical research , develop cannabis - based medicines and devise alternative ways to deliver the drug .
“ Despite more than 30 years of clinical research , only a small number of randomized , controlled trials have been conducted on smoked cannabis , ” said Dr. Edward Langston , an AMA board member , noting that the limited number of studies was “ insufficient to satisfy the current standards for a prescription drug product . ”
Source : www.latimes.com
General Relativity ( Physics 514 , McGill University )
Course topics :
Course by Professor Alex Maloney .
Introduction .
Gravitation and Curvature , a brief review of special relativity .
Differential Geometry I : Metrics , Manifolds and Tensors .
Differential Geometry II : Curvature , Geodesics .
General Relativity .
Einstein's Equation .
The Stress Tensor .
Linearized Gravity .
Newtonian Solutions .
Gravity Waves .
The Schwarzschild Black Hole .
Tests of GR .
Cosmology , FRW universes .
General Black Holes .
Special Relativity ( Stanford , by Leonard Susskind )
Course topics :
Space and time of Newtonian mechanics .
The old ether theory .
The new special theory .
Postulates of special relativity .
Comparisons of meter sticks and clocks ; setting of clocks .
Lorentz transformation .
Four - dimensional space - time of Minkowski .
Einstein 's velocity addition law .
Aberration .
Doppler Effect .
Particle dynamics .
Longitudinal and transverse mass .
Association of momentum with motion of energy .
Motion of charged particles in E and B fields .
Transitions , collisions , reactions .
Light pressure .
Matrices in four - space .
Time - like , space - like , and singular intervals .
Proper time , proper length .
The principle of covariance .
Character of tensor equations .
Geodesics .
Tensor analysis for special relativity .
Tensor algebra ; contraction .
Discussion of four - vectors ; position , velocity , acceleration , momentum , force .
Electrodynamics in four - space .
Lorentz four - potential .
Maxwell stress tensor .
Electromagnetic field tensor , dual tensor .
Collisions and Reactions Momentum space .
Radiation from accelerated charges .
Jacobian determinants .
Dynamics of a system of particles .
Radiated power ; Larmor 's formula .
Multipole radiation .
Einstein's Theory ( Stanford , by Leonard Susskind )
Course topics :
The equivalence principle .
Paths of particles and light rays .
Gravitational red shift .
Twin paradox .
Clocks on a rotating platform .
Tensor analysis for general relativity .
Transformations of tensors ; algebra of tensors .
Christoffel symbols .
Covariant derivatives .
Riemann - Christoffel tensor .
Ricci tensor .
Equation for a geodesic .
Principle of Covariance .
Einstein 's field equations Gravitational field in free space .
Weak - field approximation to Einstein 's field equations .
Discussion of the Schwarzschild solution .
Gravitational shift of spectral lines Black holes .
Gravitational Waves .
Cosmology .
Quantum Mechanics ( Stanford )
Course topics :
Randomness in quantum mechanics .
The two slit experiment .
Interference .
Observables .
Reversible and irreversible processes .
Heisenberg 's uncertainty principle .
Wavepackets .
Relativistic particles .
Complex numbers and Hilbert space .
Complex functions .
Complex vectors .
Inner product .
Bra. Ket. Operators .
Linear operators .
Hermit operators .
Eigenvalues and eigenvectors .
The postulates of quantum mechanics .
Observables .
States .
Entangled staes .
Bell states .
Coherent states .
Schrodinger equation .
Time dependent and time independent schroedinger equations .
Scattering theory .
Partial waves .
Hamiltionians .
Quantum Entanglements ( Stanford , Fall 2006 )
Quantum Entanglements ( Stanford , Spring 2007 )
Course topics :
Quantum Mechanics review .
Observables .
Spin. States .
Density matrices .
Hidden variables .
Bell 's inequality .
EPR paradox .
Projective Hilbert space .
Fubini -Study metric .
QM Copenhagen interpretation .
QM
Bohm interpretation .
Wavefunction collapse .
Quantum information channels .
Quantum teleportation .
No-communication theorem .
Entropy .
Entanglement .
Cosmology ( Stanford )
Course topics :
Early Scientific Cosmology .
Cartesian and Newtonian World Systems .
Cosmology After Newton and Before Einstein .
Stars .
Galaxies .
Location and the Cosmic Center .
Containment and the Cosmic Edge .
Space and Time .
Curved Space .
Special Relativity .
General Relativity .
Black Holes .
Expansion of the Universe .
Redshifts .
Newtonian Cosmology .
The Cosmic Box .
The Many Universes .
Observational Cosmology .
The Early Universe .
Horizons in the Universe .
Inflation .
The Cosmic Numbers .
Darkness at Night .
Creation of the Universe .
The Golden Age of Cosmology
Carl Sagan Explains 4th Dimension
Lecture outline :
Physicists say " Space is curved .
Universe is finite but unbounded . " , what do they mean ?
Carl Sagan takes you to a flat universe where he shows how a 3D world would look for 2D creatures .
From this explanation you can understand how difficult it would be for us to understand four dimensions .
Why Physicists Need the Large Hadron Collider
Video lecture outline :
The LHC is the biggest ( 27 kilometers around ) scientific instrument ever built and it is now ramping up to start taking data .
It smashes together protons at enormous energy in order to create new forms of matter .
Physicists hope to find the Higgs Boson which is the missing link in our current theory .
Hopefully unanticipated discoveries will be made .
I will explain why physicists need this expensive tool in order to understand nature at the smallest distance scales .
Why did the LHC break down last year ?
LCD video outline :
A report on the causes of the September 19th incident that brought down the LHC .
The main reason was an electrical part overheating and no longer being superconducing .
As a result , huge force crashed the magnets together .
Air on the Dirac Strings
Video description :
" Air on the Dirac Strings " explores the rotation of objects connected by a belt or by strings to a fixed background .
Such an object plus its connections to the background will be entangled by a 360 degree rotation , yet returned fully to its original configuration after a 720 degree rotation .
This combination of topology and geometry has applications to the physics of an electron .
The geometry / topology of the Dirac string trick is intimately connected with the quaternions .
The patterns of rotation of an object that is connected to a background are described directly by the quaternion algebra .
The quaternions are also useful for representing rotations in the usual sense , and they were used in this way to program the graphics in this movie .
This motion has been incorporated into the Philippine wine dance where a dancer rotates a wine glass 720 degrees without spilling a drop .
Bonus : Graduate Classical Mechanics ( Physics 451 , McGill University )
Course topics :
Lagrangian Mechanics .
Degrees of freedom and equations of motion .
Conservation of
Energy and Momentum .
The Calculus of Variations .
Euler - Lagrange equations .
Constrained Systems and Lagrange multipliers .
Oscillators .
Small ﬂuctuations .
Damped , forced and anharmonic .
One dimensional systems .
Motion in a central field .
Kepler 's laws .
Symmetries and Conservation laws .
Noether 's theorem .
Gallilean relativity .
Rotation .
Euler 's equations .
Rigid Bodies .
Theory of small fluctuations .
Molecules .
Hamiltonian Mechanics .
Phase space .
Poisson brackets .
Canonical Transformations .
Symmetries .
Noether 's theorem .
Time Permitting : Liouville 's theorem & Poincar'e recurrence .
Hamilton - Jacobi theory .
Integrable systems .
Chaos .
Quantization .
Field Theory .
Bonus 2 : Classical Mechanics ( Stanford University )
Course topics :
Lagrangian formulation of mechanics .
Variational principles and least action principles , Lagrangian equations of motion , constraints and configuration manifolds , conjugate variables and phase space , and symmetries and conservation laws .
Hamiltonian formulation of mechanics .
Hamilton 's equations , canonical transformations , Poisson brackets , Liouville 's theorem , invariants , Hamilton - Jacobi equation , action - angle variables , and adiabatic damping .
We will also introduce the symplectic approach to canonical transformations using Lie transformation and Lie Algebra .
Rigid body motion .
Inertia tensors .
Euler angles .
Rotation matrices .
Small oscillations .
Normal modes , ordinary resonance , parametric resonances .
Central force problems ( the Kepler problem and scattering ) .
Bonus 3 : Lee Smolin about Universe
Video outline :
What is space and what is time ?
This is what the problem of quantum gravity is about .
In general relativity , Einstein gave us not only a theory of gravity but a theory of what space and time are - a theory that overthrew the previous Newtonian conception of space and time .
The problem of quantum gravity is how to combine the understanding of space and time we have from relativity theory with the quantum theory , which also tells us something essential and deep about nature .
Related Posts
Hi everyone !
This month I have a bunch of really modern physics video courses .
They include Special Relativity , General Relativity , Quantum Mechanics , Cosmology , Einstein 's Theory , Quantum Entanglements , LHC , Dirac Strings , and Explorations of 4th Dimension .
As a bonus I have included an amazing graduate level Classical Mechanics course and Lee Smolin 's thoughts about universe .
Have fun guys !
Till next month !
With the House health bill passed , Congress moves a step closer to making the biggest changes to the health system in more than four decades .
Here 's a look at what the bill would mean for various groups :
The uninsured :
They 're the biggest winners under the bill .
Starting in 2013 , it gives government subsidies to a chunk of low - and middle - income Americans and expands Medicaid to cover a greater swath of the poor .
At the lowest income level , the subsidy would keep a family of four earning just over $ 29,000 a year from paying ...
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
From Joel Salatin ’s foreword to The Raw Milk Revolution : Behind America ’s Emerging Battle Over Food Rights by David Gumpert .
I drink raw milk , sold illegally on the underground black market .
I grew up on raw milk from our own Guernsey cows that our family hand - milked twice a day .
We made yogurt , ice cream , butter , and cottage cheese .
All through high school in the early 1970s , I sold our homemade yogurt , butter , buttermilk , and cottage cheese at the Curb Market on Saturday mornings .
This was a precursor to today ’s farmer ’s markets .
In those days , the Virginia Department of Agriculture had a memorandum of agreement with the Curb Market that as long as vendors belonged to an Agricultural Extension organization such as Extension Homemaker ’s Clubs or 4 - H , producers could bring value - added products to market without inspection and visits from the food police .
The government agents assumed that anyone participating in the extension programs would be getting the latest , greatest food science and therefore conform to the most modern procedural protocols , which created its own protection .
As the Virginia Slims commercial says , “ We ’ve come a long way , baby . ”
These conciliatory overtures to maintain healthy and vibrant local food economies exist no more .
Today I ca n’t sell any of those things at a farmer ’s market , and even if I take eggs some bureaucrat will come along with a pocket thermometer and , without warrant or warning , reach over and poke it through my display eggs to see if they are at the proper temperature .
If they are n’t , no amount of pleading that those are for display only can dissuade the petulant public servant from demanding that I dump those display eggs in a trash can on the spot .
I do n’t sell at farmer ’s markets anymore .
In 1975 , when I graduated from high school and began plotting my farming career , I figured out that I could hand - milk ten cows , sell the milk to neighbors at regular retail prices , and be a full - time farmer .
This was before most people had ever heard the word organic .
But selling milk was illegal .
In those days , we did n’t know about herd shares or Community Supported Agriculture or even limited liability corporations .
As a result , I went to work for a local newspaper and became the proverbial part - time farmer –working in town to support the farming passion .
I do n’t think I ’ve ever gotten over the fact that the government arbitrarily determined to make it very difficult for me to become a farmer .
That seems un -American , does n’t it ?
Is n’t it curious that at this juncture in our culture ’s evolution , we collectively believe Twinkies , Lucky Charms , and Coca - Cola are safe foods , but compost - grown tomatoes and raw milk are not ?
With legislation moving through Congress demanding that all agricultural practices be “ science - based , ” I believe our food system is at Wounded Knee .
I do not believe that is an overstatement .
Make no mistake , as the local , heritage , humane , ecological , sustainable — call it what you will ( anything but organic since the government now owns that word ) — food system takes flight , the industrial food system is fighting back .
With a vengeance .
By demonizing , criminalizing , and marginalizing the integrity food movement , the entrenched powers that be hope to derail this revolution .
This industrial food experiment , historically speaking , is completely abnormal .
It ’s not normal to eat things you ca n’t spell or pronounce .
It ’s not normal to eat things you ca n’t make in your kitchen .
Indeed , if everything in today ’s science - based supermarket that was unavailable before 1900 were removed , hardly anything would be left .
And as more people realize that this grand experiment in ingesting material totally foreign to our three - trillion - member internal community of intestinal microflora and - fauna is really biologically aberrant behavior , they are opting out of industrial fare .
Indeed , to call it a food revolution is accurate .
But revolutions are always met with prejudice and entrenched paradigms from the about - to - be- unseated lords of the status quo .
The realignment of power , trust , money , and commerce that the local heritage - based food movement represents inherently gives birth to a backlash .
By the time of Wounded Knee , Native Americans no longer jeopardized the American reality .
But to many Americans , these Natives had to be crushed , extinguished , put on reservations .
Would America have been stronger if European leaders had listened to wisdom about herbal remedies and consensus building ?
The answer is yes .
But to Americans , the red man was just a barbarian because he did n’t govern by parliamentary procedure or ride in horse - drawn stagecoaches along cobblestone streets .
In fact , he was considered a threat to America .
Just like giving slaves their freedom in 1850 .
Just like imbibing alcohol in 1925 .
Just like homeschooling in 1980 .
The ultimate test of a tyrannical society or a free society is how it responds to its lunatic fringe .
A strong , self - confident , free society tolerates and enjoys the fringe people who come up with zany notions .
Indeed , most people later labeled geniuses were dubbed whacko by their contemporary mainstream society .
So what does a culture do with weirdos who actually believe they have a right to choose what to feed their internal three - trillion - member community ?
The only reason the right to food choice was not guaranteed in the Bill of Rights is because the Founders of America could not have envisioned a day when selling a glass of raw milk or homemade pickles to a neighbor would be outlawed .
At the time , such a thought was as strange as levitation .
Indeed , what good is the freedom to own guns , worship , or assemble if we do n’t have the freedom to eat the proper fuel to energize us to shoot , pray , and preach ?
Is not freedom to choose our food at least as fundamental a right as the freedom to worship ?
How would we feel if we had to get a license from bureaucrats to start a church ?
After all , beliefs can be pretty damaging things .
And charlatans certainly do exist .
Better protect people from those charlatans — bad preachers and raw milk advocates .
But what does a society do when the charlatans are in charge ?
In charge of the regulating government agencies .
In charge of the research institutions .
In charge of the food system .
That is a real conundrum , because if health depends on opting out of what the charlatans think is safe , we are forced into civil disobedience .
When the public no longer trusts its public servants , people begin taking charge of their own health and welfare .
And that is exactly what is driving the local heritage food movement .
Lots of folks realize they do n’t want industrialists fooling around with something as basic as food .
People like me do n’t trust Monsanto .
We do n’t trust the Food and Drug Administration .
We do n’t trust the Department of Agriculture .
We do n’t trust Tyson .
And we do n’t think it ’s safe to be dependent on food that sits for a month in the belly of a Chinese merchant marine vessel .
This clash of choice versus prohibition brings us to today ’s Wounded Knee of food .
The local heritage - based food movement represents everything that is good and noble about farming and food culture .
It is about decentralized farms .
Pastoral livestock systems .
Symbiotic multi-speciation .
Companion planting .
Earthworms .
It is about community - appropriate techniques and scale .
Aesthetically and aromatically sensual romantic farming .
Re-embedding the butcher , baker , and candlestick maker in the village .
And ultimately about health - giving food grown more productively on less land than industrial models .
Certainly some of this clash represents the difference between nurturing and dominating .
The local heritage food movement — the raw milk movement — is all about respecting and honoring indigenous wisdom .
The industrial mind - set worships techno - glitzy gadgetry and views heritage food advocates as simpletons and Luddites .
Or dangerous criminals .
In this wonderful exposé The Raw Milk Revolution , David Gumpert employs the best journalistic investigative techniques to examine this clash from the raw milk battlefront .
Be assured that the same mentality exists toward homemade pickles , home - cured meats , and cottage industry in general .
The entrepreneurial spirit is alive and well in the food system , but it is harassed out of existence by capricious , malicious , and prejudiced government agents who really do believe they are doing society a favor by denying food choice to Americans .
The same curative properties espoused by raw milk advocates exist in a host of other food products , from homemade pound cake and potpies to pepperoni and pastured chicken .
Real food is what developed our internal intestinal community .
And it sure did n’t develop on food from Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations and genetically modified potatoes that are partly human and partly tomato .
Long after human cleverness has run its course , compost piles will still grow the best tomatoes and grazing cows will still yield one of nature ’s perfect foods : raw milk .
One of our former apprentices has just started a ten - cow herd - share arrangement with our customers .
Here is a young , entrepreneurial , go - get - ’em farmer embarking on his dream , serving people who are enjoying their dream of acquiring unadulterated milk .
Can any arrangement , any relationship - between farmer and cow , cow and pasture , customer and producer be more honorable , respectable , open , and trusting ?
Everything about this is righteous , including respecting the individual enough to let her decide what to eat and what to feed her children .
Let the revolution continue .
The task of policing this form of communication sits squarely with the UK’s Child Exploitation Online Protection Unit ( CEOP ) .
The Sun reported that Twitter have so far refused to host CEOP ’s alert button – but Twitter are certainly not alone in this as our understanding is that to date no social networking sites have taken up this offer .
In respect of Twitter , The Sun ’s expert , ex-cop Mark Williams - Thomas claimed : " The problem is nobody is policing Twitter and nobody has woken up to the fact it is being exploited by paedophiles .
" Twitter should be monitoring their pages to make sure this does n't happen .
But they are not . "
However , it remains unclear how Twitter ’s failure to join the IWF is relevant to this alleged problem .
If users identify indecent images on site , they are free to report them to the IWF .
The IWF are keen to sign up new members – even where there is less scope for an individual company to take action against paedophiles using its services .
A spokeswoman for the IWF said : " [ we ] can help organisations protect their networks and services from being abused , protect their customers from being exposed to criminal content , can act as a point of expertise , and facilitate liaison with law enforcement bodies and other key partners . "
For this reason , Facebook and the IWF have been in talks about Facebook joining the IWF for some months – not , as the Sun implies , since their story last week – and Facebook ’s membership application is due to come up at the IWF ’s board in December .
A quick search of the Sun website highlights a long list of anti-Facebook stories .
One active LibDem blogger last year did a comparison of positive Facebook and positive MySpace stories in The Sun .
The result was 15 per cent for the former – and 93 per cent for the latter .
Stories this year include " Facebook killer boast teen jailed " and " ' Kill message ' on Facebook " – not to mention copious references to " Facebook Monster " and " Facebook perv " in reporting the recent case of child abuse carried out by a paedophile ring that had met up via Facebook . ®
Bootnote
The Sun and social networking site MySpace are both part of News Corp .
Facebook is not .
Quote from : nightflier
if you have a red background , it indicates that you are running X as root .
Thank you nightflier , for your response .
Much appreciated .
I run as root , because of discovering that if not , one receives nasty error messages informing one that it is not possible to make whatever change one wishes .
In this case , I sought to change the screen resolution , which I envisioned as being some sort of " system " type command , and therefore , I supposed that to have a change affecting the entire system , not just for me logging in as me , but for me , even when I am parading as root , that I would need to make the change as " root " , not as me .
If I can make the change without being " root ' , fine , then , we can eliminate " root " .
That would be my preference .
I do n't experience this schizophrenic problem with XP .
Screen resolution .
I finally figured out what you meant .
You meant to write , but did not , go to start , then click on terminal , NOT ( as I of course did !!!
hahaha , what a moron ! ) " Run Command " .
that only produced an error message .
Now the funny thing is that after running lspci > info.txt , lsmod > moreinfo.txt and then again invoking the browser for internet , i.e. " firefox " , ( since seamonkey , which I normally use , is unavailable , ) I discovered that the resolution WAS NOW CORRECTLY DISPLAYING 1024 x 768 .
Wonderful .
That problem is solved .
Vector Linux now displays as well as Puppy Linux and XP .
Hurrah .
The new problem is that , unlike Puppy Linux , or Crunchbang Linux , both of which play OGG files on clicking , VL just asks me , which application I want to use , and of course , I am accustomed to using VLC , but willing to use any other application , however , when I choose " browse " , BOOM , nothing .
no choice .
Where is VLC ?
IF VLC is not available , which application should I use instead , and how do I find it ?
Web cam : not so lucky here : I followed your instructions , ( thank you , very clear !!!)
Here 's the error messages : Cannot open / dev/video0 .
Please check if your system has the correct driver for your webcam , or change the webcam device in settings -> preferences .
So , I fiddled a bit with one of the drop down menus , and changed the camera type to 1394 , and restarted the application , but I received this error message .
Perhaps it is necessary to reboot ?
Error recording !
Perhaps the device has n't been correctly openAnyway , thanks very much for your excellent advice ....
November 17 , 2009
Dennis Kosuth , an emergency room nurse at John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County in Chicago , describes the devastating impact of proposed budget cuts on facilities that are often the only available health care provider to the uninsured .
IN THE current issue of the Archives of Internal Medicine , the editorial opens with some frightening statistics about the country 's Emergency Departments ( EDs ) :
In the 10 - year period between 1994 and 2004 , visits increased by 18 percent , while the number of EDs decreased by 12 percent .
By 2006 , there were more than 119 million visits to the ED compared with 93.4 million in 1994 .
More than three - fourths of all urban hospitals are either " at " or " above " ED capacity , which can be seen by increased waiting times , increased diversion ( EDs that temporarily " close " to ambulance traffic because they are over capacity ) , and increased " left before being seen " ( patients who register but leave without being seen or treated ) rates .
As an ED nurse at a public hospital in an urban setting , this is n't news to me .
It does n't take an expert to know our system is broken and failing .
That fact is painfully apparent to anyone who walks into an overcrowded waiting room seeking medical care from Stroger Hospital in Chicago .
John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County
Unfortunately for the 5.3 million residents of Cook County , which is made up of Chicago and some surrounding suburbs , a panel of " experts " has recently decided to make things much worse -- by drastically cutting health services that primarily serve the working poor .
THE COOK County Health and Hospital Systems ( CCHHS ) is made up of three hospitals , 16 clinics , a center committed to HIV / AIDS patients , a public health department and a facility at Cook County Jail .
The ED at Stroger Hospital alone treats 110,000 patients every year .
The CCHHS is part of a dying breed in the U.S. A 2005 study by State University of New York 's Downstate Medical Center showed a sharp drop in public hospitals in 100 major cities and suburbs .
These systems are the last existing safety net for the uninsured , a section of the population that is growing every day as unemployment continues to rise .
In cutting 335 jobs and eliminating 700 vacant positions , the CCHHS is claiming to be carrying out an " employee rebalancing effort . "
The Cook County Board of Commissioners created the CCHHS Board in 2008 to be an independent overseer of the public medical system .
The 11 - member board includes six present and former business executives .
Two are from industries that have nothing to do with health care -- the chief human resources officer at Exelon , a energy utility corporation , and the former CEO of Tupperware .
Some politicians , namely Todd Stroger , the current president of the Cook County Board of Commissioners , have come out publicly against the cuts .
He 's up for reelection in the Democratic primary that comes in February of next year .
Stroger came into the job in 2006 , following in his father 's footsteps John Stroger - - much like Mayor Richard Daley .
Besides nepotism , Chicago politics are also known for corruption .
The Cook County Board has such a bad reputation that a judge had to mandate that every single job interview conducted under its authority must have an independent observer present .
Sleazy hiring practices is one reason why the Emergency Network to Save Cook County Health Services -- made up of trade unions , health care workers , community organizations and politicians -- demanded the creation of an independent overseer for the CCHHS .
Established in 2007 to fight an earlier round of budget cuts , the Emergency Network contended that an independent board would better govern the health system .
The CCHHS board hired a former private hospital CEO , Bill Foley , for $ 500,000 to oversee the changes at CCHHS .
Foley then paid $ 1.7 million of taxpayer money to Navigant Consulting to assess the hospital system , which came up with the suggested cuts .
To those who follow the fate of urban public hospitals , Navigant Consulting is a familiar name .
This is the company that was paid $ 17 million in 2004 to overhaul the Martin Luther King Jr. / Drew Medical Center in Los Angeles .
Sandwiched between Compton and Watts , King / Drew was built in response to the Watts uprising of 1965 to serve a heavily African American community .
Navigant 's efforts ultimately failed , and the hospital was closed in August 2007 .
As recently as 2004 , King / Drew was seeing 178,000 patients per year , and its closure severely impacted the community and surrounding hospitals .
There 's no doubt that King / Drew , nicknamed " Killer King , " had significant problems for many years .
But this does n't take away from the fact that providing good health care to minorities and poor has never been a priority anywhere in this country .
When resources are n't provided to give decent care , it should n't be surprising when decent care is not given .
WHILE CCHHS may not be in as bad a shape as King / Drew , there are certainly things that could be done better there to meet the needs of patients .
There 's no question that wait times in the ED are excessive and that openings at the specialty clinics are insufficient to meet patients ' needs .
Access is also a common concern , as people with significant disabilities are forced to take long bus and train rides just to see doctors .
Yet the Navigant report , though couched in language about improving patient care and access , is really about increasing productivity .
This trend of getting more from workers while paying them less has been part of the attacks in the private sector for many decades .
Navigant wants to bring these same practices to CCHHS .
Under a section entitled " Physician Productivity , " the company 's report states , " The unfortunate reality is that physicians who are employed [ at CCHHS ] produce 13 percent less work than private physicians and perform 30 percent fewer procedures . "
Under a section labeled " Union Contracts Requirements , " the report laments how " the County assumes approximately 95 percent cost versus 5 percent employee contribution , " and is responsible for a " very liberal Pension Plan . "
Except for doctors at one of the hospitals , unions represent almost all of the non-management workers in the CCHHS .
Contracts expired in November 2008 , and negotiations are ongoing .
The unions rightly see these cuts as an attack on their members , and have mobilized against them .
Inter-union collaboration will be necessary if these cuts are going to be successfully fought .
Unfortunately , solidarity between the unions has been lacking due to organizing wars between the Service Employees International Union and California Nurses Association / National Nurses Organizing Committee .
While raiding campaigns at the CCHHS came to an end earlier this year , work remains to be done to rebuild relations between the two unions .
Meanwhile , the CCHHS has held several town - hall meetings , supposedly to gather input from the community regarding changes to the system .
One of the meetings actually took place the day after pink slips were handed out to hundreds of workers .
All the meetings were filled with angry community members and workers , who testified how the cuts will only hurt them .
While they were originally organized to give an appearance of democracy , they ended up turning into venues of protest .
A rally was also called outside Stroger Hospital November 4 , and more than 200 workers , patients and community members protested .
Those opposing the cuts have also called their own town hall meeting on November 18 at the Teamster City union hall at for 5:30 p.m .
Because of the public outcry , CCHHS officials have decided to re-examine some of the suggestions put forward in the Navigant report , but they say they 're going to move forward with layoffs regardless .
There 's nothing inherently wrong with reorganizing a hospital to meet the needs of patients .
The problem here is that the patients and the people who actually provide the care have n't been consulted about what to do .
There is plenty of work for people to do , and the system could be reorganized without layoffs .
But for the oversight board and CCHHS bureaucrats , the changes are about streamlining a public hospital to make it look more like an assembly line .
The CCHHS serves a purpose for the rich and powerful who run Chicago , since it provides " free " health care at taxpayers ' expense .
The people who own the factories and businesses like the fact that they can avoid providing health coverage , knowing workers can go to County .
The powers that be just want this done more cheaply -- which is why they 're cutting jobs and increasing production .
The fight in the CCHHS must also been seen in the light of the current debate on health care reform .
If health care was run to meet human need and not corporate greed , it would n't be a question of cost , but how to best take care of people with the vast amount of resources we know exist .
In a sane world , there would be a clinic in every neighborhood , so that health issues could be taken care of early on when they are manageable , not when someone is at death 's door , fighting their way to the front of the line at an overcrowded -- and underfunded and understaffed -- emergency room .
DNC TAKES OFF THE GLOVES ….
There were certain similarities between the Taliban ’s reaction to President Obama ’s Nobel Peace Prize and the Republican National Committee ’s reaction .
When one GOP congressional leader said earlier this year that he ’d like to see the Republican Party emulate the Taliban , this probably is n’t what he meant .
Nevertheless , the Democratic National Committee is taking off the gloves this morning .
“ The Republican Party has thrown in its lot with the terrorists — the Taliban and Hamas this morning — in criticizing the President for receiving the Nobel Peace prize , ” DNC communications director Brad Woodhouse told POLITICO .
“ Republicans cheered when America failed to land the Olympics and now they are criticizing the President of the United States for receiving the Nobel Peace prize — an award he did not seek but that is nonetheless an honor in which every American can take great pride — unless of course you are the Republican Party .
“ The 2009 version of the Republican Party has no boundaries , has no shame and has proved that they will put politics above patriotism at every turn .
It ’s no wonder only 20 percent of Americans admit to being Republicans anymore — it ’s an embarrassing label to claim , ” Woodhouse said .
As DNC statements go , it does n’t get much harder hitting than this .
Greg Sargent noted , “ Dems intend to go on the offensive today by holding up Republican criticism of Obama ’s Nobel as the latest example of Republicans desperately hoping for America ’s failure , placing it alongside GOP cheer at America ’s loss of the Olympics as evidence of an unmistakable pattern . ”
Greg added that Republicans run the risk of “ feeding the GOP - wants - America - to - fail meme . ”
The Republican strategy here makes a certain degree of strategic sense .
The president was just honored with one of the world ’s most prestigious accolades , and the GOP has an interest in undermining any potential benefits the White House might receive as a result .
But coming on the heels of last week ’s delight over the U.S. losing the Olympics , Republicans have set themselves up as the party that roots against the country , and this morning , echoes the rhetoric of the Taliban .
Steele & Co. are making things easy for the DNC , and the party is n’t going to waste the opportunity .
For the GOP , this is n’t even tricky : try giving graciousness a try .
The public will respect you for it .
Congratulations investors .
The Dow has hit 10,000 on October 14th , 2009 .
You now have made officially 0 percent return if you invested in this index when the Dow first hit this magical level in 1999 .
Time to celebrate for sure !
To be fair , the current markets ( and economy ) have certainly shown signs of resilience which flies in the face of those who have consistently predicted doom and explosion even when evidence of a rebound became more clear .
But does it matter really if the Dow is at 10,000 ?
Jim Rogers says the Dow could go to 20,000 but it would n't matter if the US dollar was worth far less .
And if you think about recent trends in US dollar weakness and the growing chorus of echoes suggesting the dollar should be a secondary currency , it does make some sense that symbolic index numbers are a bit meaningless .
Many investors ( including myself ) think that while Dow and S&P numbers do matter , other indexes may matter more in the future .
What about Shanghai 3000 / 4000/5000 or the Rogers International Commodity Index 3000/4000/5000 ?
Take your pick but the point is this ; it 's all not about the United States anymore .
Globalization is n't going away
We have consistently argued that the United States is not irrelevant and will not be anytime in the near future .
Regardless of what the naysayers say , the US economy still makes up a huge part of the overall global growth story .
Traveling by subway may be an overpriced headache ( especially on weekends ! ) but at least now you can use Google Maps to plan your treacherous trip through it .
They 've just improved their NYC subway system mapping in their " Transit " layer , making it easier to plot a subway commute to the address or neighborhood of your choice .
To activate it , point Google Maps to somewhere in NYC , click on the " More ... " button at top - right , and select " Transit . "
You 'll then see all the subway lines pop up on the map .
When you click on any station name , a bubble pops up with the names of the lines that service the station , and all the other lines on the screen disappear like magic !
Your move , MTA Trip Planner .
Exclusive to STR
One of the debates among liberty seekers is about the extent to which it 's morally right to accept or reject government handouts .
In my opinion , it 's one of a rather small number of issues still open to valid debate , and for sure there are good , sincere people on both sides of it and I respect all of them .
Although these remarks come down clearly on one side , that respect remains very much intact , for over some years my own mind has changed quite a lot .
I 've no wish to try to hurry anyone to change his without careful thought .
On the other hand , if anyone reading this is still wondering about the question , perhaps it will help him decide .
Perhaps it will even stimulate other writers to enliven the debate by offering an opposing view .
I 've seen nobody put the " reject them " viewpoint more eloquently than Carl Watner , and warmly recommend a read of his masterly book I Must Speak
Out before coming down on either side of the debate .
I can't do that viewpoint justice with words of my own , so do be sure to read it ; his reasoning centers on the fact that before government can provide any benefit of any kind to any person , it must first steal at gunpoint from someone else the resources required , and so to accept the handout is to be complicit in that aggression .
I cannot deny any of that ; he 's correct , and that 's why there 's an ethical debate .
Even so , I now take the opposite view , and here present six reasons :
(1) To reject all government goodies is literally impossible ; ( 2 ) to do so even partially is enormously costly ; ( 3 ) it is wholly irrelevant to our main objective ( to rid humanity of the monstrous scourge of government , which puts us in this moral dilemma in the first place ) ; ( 4 ) it leaves money in the hands of a gang of thugs who will certainly use it to do harm ; ( 5 ) it throws away a chance to recover stolen property ; and ( 6 ) it allows government supporters to escape the consequences of their malfeasance .
If any reader is not perfectly clear that our prime ethical objective is to terminate government outright , as in # 3 , let him please go no further until that is resolved .
This forum has a rich archive of material to prove conclusively that it must be so .
As I see it , this is the supreme ethical purpose , towering above all others ; government is so morally repugnant that none other comes close to that of doing all one can to end its loathsome existence .
That does n't say that " the end justifies the means , " but it does say to give that purpose top priority .
So let 's examine those six reasons .
First , it 's impossible consistently to reject all government benefits .
Daily life is intertwined with them in far too much intimate complexity .
Yes , if offered " free money " as promoted by such as Kevin Trudeau , one might ignore what the government liars describe as " entitlements ; " and yes , there is no compulsion to apply for unemployment benefit or Social Security or food stamps or even Medicare .
It 's possible to live without them -- or more likely , to die without them .
And if that happened , one would die with an easy conscience , having never gained in such ways by receiving the fruits of a threatened armed raid upon one 's neighbor .
Still , it 's impossible to be consistent .
One can avoid watching or listening to Public Broadcasting ( subsidized by taxpayers of whom some never use it ) , but if we receive any broadcasting , we are benefiting from government 's allocation of frequencies .
It was n't ever necessary that the FCC should police them -- the market could have handled it quite readily -- but they do so , as a fact .
Is it possible to live without radio or TV ?
Of course .
But to be consistent , one would have to .
A parallel line of reasoning applies to the use of telephone lines and poles , erected under government license , and the Internet signals they convey .
So it may be possible not to use the Internet ; but you 'd have to , to be consistent , and if you did that , you 'd not be able to read the priceless wisdom on the screen before you .
It 's not possible for everyone to grow his own food .
It used to be , but now that most of the population lives in cities , it no longer is ; labor is divided for much greater efficiency , so it 's impossible to live without buying it at the store .
But if you shop at the store , you accept several government benefits ; you walk , cycle or drive along a government road , built and maintained with money stolen at gunpoint from your neighbor , and you receive the benefit of information about nutritional values printed on labels affixed to most products by government edict .
You also gain from the fact that government inspectors monitor the quality of foods , so that the risk of buying poison is negligible .
There 's a benefit !
The fact that the market would do the same thing only better and cheaper if government did not exist is n't relevant ; government does do it , you and I benefit , so we are accepting a handout and it 's impossible not to while continuing to live .
Before leaving the store , we naturally have to make payment , and the only way that can be done is to use government fiat money , whether in paper or plastic form .
If we offered gold or silver coin , the store would almost certainly not accept it ( except perhaps at its face value ! ) - not currently , I mean .
When the US dollar follows the one in Zimbabwe , the store may accept nothing else ; but in my view , that will not happen before the mid-2020s .
Meanwhile , if we tender green paper printed by the government , no problem ; for as it says on the face , the vendor is compelled to accept it , that 's what " legal tender " means .
That 's a benefit !
And it 's impossible to buy food without it , so it 's impossible to live without it .
After the trip to the store , you feel thirsty , so grab a glass of water from the faucet .
Unless you live in the sticks with your own well , that 's government water you 're drinking -- or at best , water delivered by a government - licensed monopolist .
Do n't drink it , you die .
So once again , it 's impossible to live without accepting a government benefit .
Having satisfied thirst and hunger , it 's time to send Mom the birthday card you bought at the store .
Oops !
That means accepting the benefit of the government - licensed and - controlled postal monopoly on first - class mail .
Whether it 's impossible not to send
Mom the card is , of course , something only the reader can judge .
Granted , some of these government goodies are small , in themselves ; but the reader can easily , with thought and imagination , add scores more to the short list above .
Add them up , and surely my case is made : it 's not possible consistently to reject them all .
And if one of them is accepted , why not also the rest ?
One answer might be Okay , some it 's impossible to reject , but on ethical grounds we ought to reject all that we can .
Very well , but notice :
The ethical purist has now had to step down from his high ground .
There is now a compromise in play , and some handouts you " can " reject I might not , and vice versa .
But let 's pursue it :
Take the example of unemployment benefits , a current issue right now for a lot of people .
Government has so distorted the economy , as several writers here have explained , that abnormal numbers of people are losing jobs .
Taxes are so high that few were able to save money for rainy days , so extreme hardship follows swiftly ; perhaps , death by starvation for the victim and his family .
Government has broken his legs ; is he now to refuse the crutch it offers ?
I say again :
It is ( often , if not always ) impossible to live without accepting the handout .
One can refuse them and die , or accept them and live ; but it 's impossible to refuse them all and live .
For some years I did try not to accept these handouts , and when last laid off , I did not apply for unemployment benefits .
Since then , though , I 've thought through more clearly what 's at stake ; and have no doubt at all that it matters far more to resolve firmly to do all one can to end the miserable , destructive existence of government than to worry endlessly about how much of its distributed loot to accept and how much to spurn .
My second reason : Refusal is enormously costly , even when it 's possible to do it and continue living .
Take another common example : " Social Security . "
This may be on the margin , between expensive and impossible .
Government steals 15.3 % of all that people earn , while working ( half of it directly and half from the employer , who would otherwise be able to pay it to the employee in the form of a higher wage ) and then spends it on pensions and other benefits in due course -- notably on health care , the price of which has ( following a form of Parkinson 's Law ) expanded to fit the amount of money made available .
Directly contrary to the clear legal implication of its full name ( SS " Insurance " ) , there is no reserve fund , out of whose earnings in investment markets those benefits are paid , so it was an absolute swindle from the get - go ; but that 's the way it is .
Until government evaporates ( which it will , quite soon ) we are stuck with the SS and that 15.3 % impost almost if not completely prevents the vastly more healthy practice of saving for one 's own retirement or sickness -- or from buying genuine insurance in the market , which would pay two or three times the benefits for the same premium .
But it 's there anyway .
Our only choice is to accept what 's offered , knowing that it 's a total fraud that steals the benefit from current workers , or not to apply .
For a majority of people , I think the latter is impossible -- they would , as above , starve to death .
For those so talented and hard - working as to have been able to save well , it may be possible -- but still , enormously costly , which is what my second reason claims .
My third is that refusal of government handouts is in any case irrelevant and ineffective to the key aim of terminating the existence of government , the source of the whole problem .
Think about it :
You consider those handouts which can be refused , and refuse them ; what exactly happens next ?
Does the grateful SS Administration thank you and hand the money back to the taxpayers from whom the money was stolen ?
Not in a million years .
They may raise eyebrows for a moment , perhaps remark to their colleagues " there goes another sucker " and spend the money on something else .
Money being fungible , the " something else " will like as not be an extra policeman , or an extra gun in his hands , or the means to enforce a new law , or to help wage a new war .
Take a look at the very helpful IRS Pie Charts ( p.100 ) of what the Feds actually spend our money on , and take your pick .
If you do n't take the money , that 's where it will certainly go .
Or if it 's a state government handout you 're refusing , where will it then be spent ?
On fancier offices for its bureaucrats ?
More troopers on the road , to ruin your holiday outing with a radar trap ?
Maybe ; more probably , it will get sunk in the sink - hole euphemized as " education , " to make it even more difficult to get the next generation deprogrammed from the Cult of the Omnipotent State .
Not only is it irrelevant and ineffective in promoting the abolition of government , therefore , to leave money on its table is actually to make the problem worse ; to shoot ourselves in the feet , and make our job harder yet !
This is not rational , and I 'd argue it is also not ethical -- for the only choice is either to help end the thief 's career , or to help prolong it .
If we spend it , the productive sector is enhanced .
If they spend it , the parasite sector is enhanced .
Which sector is it more ethical to enhance ?
Looks like a no - brainer , so for me the ethical choice is clear : I want done with this villain !
Fourth : to accept every goodie in sight takes money out of its hands , and therefore makes government harder to operate , and therefore tends to increase the probability of its raising taxes ( or printing more money , which is the same thing but less visible ) and therefore tends to make the voting population less satisfied with the system .
This is a very good result , and while it's not the way to bring about a free society , it can't hinder .
That task can only be accomplished by universal re-education , but if the population is less satisfied with the status quo than it might otherwise be , we have a flying start in the form of more discontented , open minds .
It 's worth a moment to become quite clear about this .
All here would agree , I hope , that it 's ethical not to support government , for example by not paying any tax that can be avoided , so as to do so to the smallest possible degree ; to take all possible deductions , not to take too many pains to remember all items of income , etc .
After all , that 's exactly what millions of government supporters do , so we who oppose it would be ethically remiss , were we to fail to follow their fine example .
Now , I always get confused about whether debits go on the left and credits on the right , or vice - versa , but I do know that to claim and accept all available handouts is identical in effect to taking advantage of all available tax loopholes .
If the one is ethically good , so is the other ; both serve equally well to starve a feeding bureaucrat .
If conversely it is ethically bad to accept handouts , it must be ethically bad to minimize tax payments -- and so I suggest my whole case is proven by this single reductio ad absurdum .
Fifth : to accept handouts is a form of theft - recovery .
Government rips off close to 50 % of all everyone earns , but there are these few ways available to get some of it back ( we 'll never recover close to the whole of it , for most of it goes to pay bureaucrats and clients -- but , some of it . )
What is wrong with theft recovery ?
Not much that I can see .
True , we anticipate that in order to repay us , the thief will not empty his own pockets , sell off his alleged assets and go out of business , but will go out and rob someone else ; but that decision is his , not ours , and so is the moral responsibility .
Lastly , while it 's true that everything government hands out it first steals from someone else , it 's also true ( like it or not ) that most of those theft victims voted for the system as we know it .
This is what they said they wanted ; so why not take them at their word and let them wallow in it ?
Notice , to do that would not be to aggress against them , but simply to allow them to experience more fully the system they have repeatedly endorsed .
Yes , it 's no doubt true that when the politician bought their votes , he did n't mention that every benefit comes with a heavy price tag , but surely they can't be so dumb as not to realize that ?
Can they ?
Some government handouts come in the form of " services " which are , themselves , profoundly damaging - - its schools being the most obvious example .
Those are hardly benefits , and they should be rejected for the direct harm they cause , not for the fact that they are funded with stolen money .
With those exceptions , then , that 's my case for recognizing that while the system stinks , it 's rational to accept every goodie that 's offered , and to do so without losing a wink of sleep .
However , I re-emphasize the vital proviso necessary to keep us from just merging in to the crowd of mindless feeders at the government trough : in the very act of accepting the handout , one ought for ethical as well as practical reasons to denounce the system that is making it available ; denounce it , and in particular take deliberate , systematic , sustained and rational action to terminate its life at the earliest possible date .
That , and nothing less , is the main ethical choice to be made , and when that action succeeds and the flow of handouts dries up , so be it .
When a criminal accusation threatens the foundation of your life – whether if be your liberty , professional licensing , employment , U.S. citizenship or reputation – the Criminal Defense Attorneys at Rien , Adams & Cox , LLP are available to defend you .
With combined experience of over 50 years of passionate advocacy in the criminal courts –including a Certified Specialist in Criminal Law by the California State Bar , Board of Legal Specialization — investigative services and a full complement of experts .
You do not have to stand alone against the government .
The law offices of Rien , Adams & Cox , LLP is a fierce and well - respected advocate for the criminally accused with results to show for it .
Whether you have been arrested or you believe you are under investigation , our law firm will provide you with highest level of tenacious representation .
Rien , Adams & Cox , LLP is committed to the rigorous preparation of your case , keeping you and your family informed , always being available to answer questions or address emergencies and fight tirelessly on your behalf .
Se habla Español .
Google , Microsoft and IBM are singled out for not doing enough to put IT 's power to work on reducing greenhouse gas emissions , in the latest release of Greenpeace 's Cool IT Challenge .
The campaign aims to pressure the heads of leading IT companies to promote strong climate action in advance of December 's climate summit in Copenhagen in the wake of findings that even the most active IT leaders are still not taking strong enough steps .
Greenpeace argues that in part because the IT industry as a whole stands poised to greatly expand its market and potential profits through selling carbon - management software , leading IT companies have a responsibility as well as an incentive to encourage political action .
" Even though the IT industry will profit from strong emissions reduction targets , disappointingly , it is not even close to its potential of leading the way to a low carbon economy , " Casey Harrell , Greenpeace International 's IT industry analyst , said in a statement .
Harrell added that Apple 's recent move to leave the U.S. Chamber of Commerce over that group 's opposition to climate legislation is a good example of IT firms taking leadership on climate policy .
" IT companies can and should publicly and demonstratively call for a change in the Chamber 's position on climate or leave the Chamber altogether , " Harrell added .
{related_content}
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has publicly " shrugged off " the defection of Apple and other companies , who left the group over the course of the last two months .
Greenpeace 's Cool IT Challenge ranks companies on five categories :
• Public speech on climate issues
• Political advocacy
• Proposing climate solutions
• The company 's own emissions targets
In the latest rankings , IBM scores the highest overall , but with a score of just 43 out of a possible 100 , the group said that no company could be considered truly winning .
Other companies that scored at the top of the industry include Hewlett - Packard in second place with 42 points , Fujitsu with 33 points and Google with 32 points .
As part of the latest round of rankings , Greenpeace has published a comparison between Google and Microsoft , focusing on their efforts on all five fronts .
Google , which is new to the rankings , is called out for failing to advocate for climate policies in the past six months , and Greenpeace takes Microsoft to task for falling for short on climate policy promotion , despite being a significant donor to a range of political campaigns .
The idea behind the Cool IT Challenge is to put pressure on IT companies , who will then put pressure on politicians ; and Greenpeace said it has noticed some progress since the first rankings came out in May , especially from continued activity from IBM and an increase in activity from HP and Toshiba .
The scores for all companies in the challenge are posted below .
For full details , as well as details of the scores , visit www.Greenpeace.org/CoolIT.
Apple is not evil .
iPhone developers are stupid .
In his “ Apple ’s mistake ” essay Paul Graham makes an unwarranted assumption ; an assumption everybody who ’s currently involved in the Great App Store Debate seems to be making .
The fundamental problem on the iPhone is not Apple ’s App Store approval policies , but the iPhone developers ’ arrogant disdain for Web technologies .
It was only last Friday I told a roomful of Web developers that Apple is evil , and a spontaneous applause erupted .
Since then , however , I have changed my mind completely .
The Web developers and I were wrong .
Apple is not evil .
i Phone developers are stupid .
Their problems with the App Store approval process are entirely their own fault and they deserve no commiseration .
I hope the App Store approval process sticks around for a loooooooong time .
Update : I was wrong about Web apps being able to replace native apps right now .
I was wrong about the iPhone developers ’ mindset .
They are n’t stupid .
Read my follow - up post .
Apple ’s mistake
Graham ’s argument runs as follows :
Developers want to develop stuff they themselves want to use on the platform they ’re using .
Developers have embraced the iPhone with a passion .
Therefore developers want to develop stuff for the iPhone .
This is to Apple ’s advantage , since it ’s developers that can make or break a platform .
Apple , however , is pissing off developers royally by its insane App Store policies .
Therefore it is losing some good iPhone application developers .
Even worse , Apple is becoming an Evil Company that developers wo n’t want to work for , either as third - party app creators or directly as employees .
The unwarranted assumption here is that if developers want to develop for the iPhone platform they love they must go to the App Store for distribution .
That ’s not true .
They have another option .
In order to solve the App Store problem they just have to stop wilfully ignoring it .
Stupidity
In order to release an iPhone application without having to submit it to Apple ’s insane App Store process , developers could just use Web technologies and create Web apps instead of native apps .
The iPhone ’s Safari browser is one of the best mobile browsers available , and recent improvements in hardware acceleration have made it an excellent graphics platform that can handle serious 3D - animations written entirely in CSS .
It also supports JavaScript geolocation , which is ( I hope ) only the first step towards true device APIs that will give JavaScript developers access to phone functionality such as the camera , text messaging , the address book , and more .
I ’m assuming Apple is working on all that because it ’s the next logical step .
Safari ’s support of appcache makes it possible to store the Web app ’s core files on the iPhone itself , so that it only has to download the data .
Thus mobile connection problems can be avoided .
The user can place the Web app ’s icon on his desktop , thus creating an app - like way of starting the Web application .
When will users do that ?
When they think your app is cool .
Instant meritocracy .
Best of all , if you want to update a Web app , you just put the updates on your Web server .
There ’s no need to wait for Apple ’s broken approval process .
i Phone developers are stupid because they ’re wilfully ignoring all this .
More stupidity
I reviewed the apps I have on my iPhone , and most can be released as a Web app right now .
The exceptions are complex games that are both graphically and programmatically intensive , and apps that depend on device functions such as the accelerometer or GPS .
As I said , Safari supports geolocation , and maybe Apple is working on other device APIs .
That would solve all problems for the second category .
Complex games will remain very hard to release as a Web app in the near future .
Still , the graphically simple games such as sudoku and chess , the interactive shopping lists , the dictionaries and bible citation apps , the beer appreciation apps , the firmware Yahoo weather app , and most importantly all social network clients could have been written as a Web app without any loss of quality whatsoever .
( Most have fairly little quality to lose in any case . )
In addition to avoiding the App Store and its insane policies , such Web apps would ( mostly ) work in any modern browser , whether desktop or mobile , and users of other phones or even of old - fashioned desktop computers could have used them , too .
Developers like their stuff to reach as many people as possible , right ?
That makes sense from both a business and an ego perspective , right ?
Then why do iPhone developers jump through burning hoops as nasty as the App Store approval process just to make sure that their stuff can only be used on one single platform instead of many ?
That ’s stupid .
The Web
Apple ’s original plan for iPhone development was to use Web technologies .
This plan caught both Mac developers and Web developers by surprise because it was totally unexpected .
The plan failed .
Jobs Himself ordered
His developers to create Web applications with Web standards , but a deafening silence ensued .
Then He hurriedly thought up the App Store .
Too hurriedly , as it now turns out .
I remember the ecstatic reaction to the announcement , because it was the very first time a major industry leader mentioned Web standards in a major presentation .
Still , we Web developers did n’t really believe our favourite technology could deliver all that Apple wanted .
Maybe we still do n’t .
Besides ,
Apple does not reach out to Web developers at all , and Web developers respond by not bothering with Apple beyond making sure their Web sites work in Safari .
I believe that Apple is working towards its own heavily CSS - centric Web OS , certainly for mobile , possibly also for the desktop , and that this evolution has been slowed down by the energy devoted to the App Store as well as the complete lack of outreach .
( This lack of outreach , by the way , is the main problem with every single mobile player that has opted for Web technologies in the past two years or so .
Everybody wants Web technologies .
Nobody cares about Web developers .
Stupidity is not restricted to iPhone developers . )
Arrogance
The fundamental problem on the iPhone is not Apple ’s App Store approval policies , but the iPhone developers ’ arrogant disdain for Web technologies .
That ’s nothing new .
Most X developers ( for any non-Web value of X ) live in mortal fear of the browser as a development platform .
As a long - time browser researcher I can confirm that their fears are not entirely unfounded , although the situation is not nearly as bad as it ’s made out to be , especially not if you only want to target the iPhone .
But the so - called “ real ” developers are n’t confronting their fear .
They ’re covering it up with arrogance .
They dismiss Web technologies as toys for children .
JavaScript is just this little language that cannot possibly compare to real technologies such as the one they ’re using .
HTML is too simple .
Real programmers do n’t do that stuff .
As to Web developers , they are just glorified pixel - pushers that should in no circumstance be taken seriously .
After ten years I am fucking tired of the “ Web development is not real programming ” bullshit that the arrogant bastards in “ real programming ” are spouting because they ’re too frightened to learn something new .
Fuck those condescending , ignorant , self - important , stupid , blind , fearful pricks .
Fuck them real hard .
Where it hurts .
And fucking them real hard where it hurts is exactly what Apple is doing right now .
That ’s why I changed my mind .
That ’s why I ’m cheering Apple on .
I hope the App Store approval process sticks around for a loooooooong time .
The myth
The poor , oppressed iPhone developer suffering under Apple ’s heavy App Store hand is a myth invented by these developers themselves because they ’re too fearful to look beyond their “ native ” fetish .
The Web is patiently waiting in the wings like a spurned bride , quietly promising to solve all of their problems for them if they ’d only look at her .
But instead , iPhone developers are eagerly bending over begging Apple for more because of their myopic obsession with bad APIs , the twin geekgasms of both objecty stuff and C , bloated SDKs , impossible layout mechanisms , and all the rest of the archaic nonsense we ’re going to have to rid the mobile Web of in the next few years .
All that stuff is native and therefore “ real ” and important .
Web development is n’t .
Well , you know what , iPhone developer ?
You ’re wrong .
Stupid , stupid you .
In order to create an app for the iPhone platform you know and love , an app that Apple ’s policies can never touch and that works on other platforms , too , you need an iPhone , a text editor , graphics software , a Web server , and a good Web development reference .
None of these are particularly hard to find .
You already found the reference .
Jobs showed
His chosen people the straight and narrow path to enlightenment , but they ignored His word .
Therefore
He unleashed the scourge of the App Store upon them .
Good for Him .
He should do stuff like that more often .
i Phone developers deserve no commiseration .
If we encounter yet another post about Apple ’s lack of love for the author ’s iPhone app , we should tell the pathetic whiner it ’s his own fucking fault .
He should have used Web technologies instead .
Update : I was wrong about Web apps being able to replace native apps right now .
I was wrong about the iPhone developers ’ mindset .
They are n’t stupid .
Read my follow - up post .
Comments are closed .
Mr Bruha said : " All wildlife wants is food , water and shelter .
Peanut butter is irresistible to this skunk .
They are opportunistic and they are going to take advantage of any bit of food they can get .
We are facing the possibility of not a " jobless " recovery but a " JOB LOSS " recovery .
Possibly a new normal for low economic growth and high structural unemployment .
But policy makers in Washington , particularly in the White House , are silent on what to do about this state of economic purgatory .
And it could be that they decided that nothing needs to be done or nothing politically can be done .
Both are big mistakes .
There were three speeches within that last several days by three Federal Reserve Bank Presidents that all indicate a not to bright economic outlook ( HT Calculated Risk ) .
First , Dennis Lockhart , President of Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta , while his overall assessment of the economy is that it 's recovering there are these major qualifiers :
A second reason to strike a note of caution about the economic picture is that both the data and anecdotal descriptions of ground - level reality are quite mixed .
Data on foreclosures , unemployment , personal income , and bank failures continue to disappoint .
Also , nonresidential construction continues to decline , and state and local government budgets remain severely constrained .
Along with my colleagues at the Atlanta Fed , I spend a lot of my time asking business contacts about industry conditions and the outlook for their businesses .
In recent soundings we 've heard frequently about weak top - line sales , continuing inventory liquidation , reticence regarding capital expenditures , and reluctance to hire .
And then he adds this troubling point regarding the horrible commercial real estate market :
Today , I 'm particularly concerned about the interaction among bank lending , small business employment , and CRE values .
To elaborate , there is a tight linkage between CRE values and jobs .
In a mid-September conference at the Atlanta Fed , CRE practitioners , investors , and academics agreed that the evolution of the CRE picture will depend greatly on the path of employment .......
Let me go on to show the link between jobs and small business credit .
During the last two economic expansions , small firms ( those with fewer than 50 employees ) contributed about one - third of net job growth .
But the depth and duration of this recession have taken a substantial toll on small businesses .
In the 2001 recession , small firms held up reasonably well and accounted for only 9 percent of net job loss .
In this recession , however , small firms have accounted for about 45 percent of net job losses per our most recent data through the end of 2008 .
Small businesses tend to depend greatly on the banking sector — especially community and regional banks — for financing .
A Federal Reserve survey earlier in the decade showed that more than half of smaller firms had a credit line or loan with a bank .
In addition , about half of these businesses used a personal or business credit card to finance working capital .
In this recession , credit standards have tightened for all businesses , including small businesses .
At this juncture , it 's hard to be encouraged about a fast rebound in job growth .
As you know , last week 's employment report pushed the official unemployment rate to 10.2 percent , the highest since May 1983 .
Net job losses continue on a monthly basis but at a declining pace .
Because employment growth tends to lag recovery from a recession and because of factors such as small business credit constraints , my current outlook for employment is one of very slow net job gains once the trend reverses , in all likelihood sometime next year .
If this view is correct , this job growth outlook does n't help the commercial real estate situation .
Towards the end of his remarks he establishes a linkage between small business credit , community and regional banks and the commercial real estate crisis :
However , I am concerned about the potential impact of CRE on the broader economy .
Unlike residential real estate , there is not the same direct linkage from CRE to household wealth — and therefore consumption — caused by erosion of home equity .
However , there could be an impact resulting from small banks ' impaired ability to support the small business sector — a sector I expect will be critically important to job creation .
To add some detail :
At the end of June 2009 there was approximately $ 3.5 trillion of outstanding debt associated with CRE .
This figure compares with about $ 11 trillion of residential debt outstanding .
About 40 percent of the CRE debt is held on commercial bank balance sheets in the form of whole loans .
A lot of the CRE exposure is concentrated at smaller institutions ( banks with total assets under $ 10 billion ) .
These smaller banks account for only 20 percent of total commercial banking assets in the United States but carry almost half of total CRE loans ( based on Bank Call Report data ) .
Many small businesses rely on these smaller banks for credit .
Small banks account for almost half of all small business loans ( loans under $ 1 million ) .
Moreover , small firms ' reliance on banks with heavy CRE exposure is substantial .
Banks with the highest CRE exposure ( CRE loan books that are more than three times their tier 1 capital ) account for almost 40 percent of all small business loans .
The second Federal Reserve President who spoke yesterday was Janet Yellen , President of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco .
Dr. Yellen also offers some very cautionary notes about our economic purgatory :
The big issue is how strong the upturn will be .
With such enormous reservoirs of slack in the form of high unemployment and idle productive capacity , we need a strong rebound to put unemployed people back to work and get underutilized factories , offices , and stores humming again .
Unfortunately , my own forecast envisions a less - than - robust recovery for several reasons .
As the impetus from government programs and inventories diminishes in the quarters ahead , private final demand will have to fill the breach .
The danger is that demand may grow at too anemic a pace to support vigorous expansion .
..........
Weakness in the labor market is another factor that may keep the recovery sluggish for quite some time .
Payroll employment has been plummeting for more than a year and a half , and , even though the pace of the decline has slowed , unemployment now stands at its highest level since 1983 .
In addition , many workers have seen their hours cut or are experiencing involuntary furloughs .
To bolster earnings in the face of weak revenue growth , employers have been aggressive in cutting labor costs and jobs , and my business contacts say they will be reluctant to hire again until they see clear evidence of a sustained recovery .
Weak demand for workers is also putting a lid on paychecks .
Wages are barely rising .
A well - known measure of overall employment costs rose by only 1 ¼ percent over the past year , the smallest increase in the history of the series .
High unemployment , weak job growth , and paltry wage increases are a recipe for sluggish consumer spending growth and a tepid recovery .
The U.S. experienced so - called jobless recoveries following the previous two recessions in 1991 and 2001 , when job creation remained weak for several years following the business cycle trough .
In both cases , output growth was less robust than in the typical recovery and , unfortunately , things seem to be shaping up similarly this time around .
If we are in an economic recovery it sure the hell does n't fell like it .
If we are in a recovery then we are currently in a state of a JOB LOSS recovery .
We lost 190,000 jobs in October .
Finally , from a speech by Richard Fisher , President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas :
It may be some time before significant job growth occurs and even longer before we see meaningful declines in the unemployment rate .
..............
It will take some time , in my opinion , to get back on a steady pathway to a pace of growth that will result in significant job creation .
We are in for a long slog .
We had a snapback in growth in the third quarter and can expect that will continue in the current quarter .
But looking into 2010 and perhaps to 2011 , the most likely outcome is for growth to be suboptimal , unemployment to remain a vexing problem and inflation to remain subdued .
So there you have it .
Three separate Fed President's .
Three separate speeches .
All very concerned about job growth ( or lack of it ) and unemployment .
Oh , but there is more but not from a Federal Reserve President , but from an economics professor .
Jeffrey Sachs , wrote a piece today for the Financial Times titled " Obama Has Lost His Way on Jobs , " and he makes some great points and offers some suggestions :
The past week brought news of US double - digit unemployment and the Federal Reserve ’s decision to maintain near - zero interest rates .
Both pieces of news expose the inadequacy of US economic policymaking .
The Obama administration ’s stimulus policies are not well - targeted .
The Republican alternatives are even worse .
Both sides are missing the key fact : the US economy needs structural change that requires a new set of economic tools .
Yes , Yes , Yes , much needed structural change .
But , what we have seen from the Obama Administration is certainly not innovative or even bold :
Following a Keynesian approach , the Obama administration has focused on restoring consumer spending .
They have gone about this with a combination of near - zero interest rates , massive Fed financing of mortgages and various consumption incentives , such as rebates for new homebuyers and cash for clunkers .
During the previous bubble , the US consumer was encouraged to over - borrow .
Recreating a new bubble is like offering just one more drink , on the government ’s account , to overcome a mass hangover .
With budget deficits of about 10 per cent of gross domestic product , government spending needs to be far more consequential than temporary boosts to consumer spending .
Prof .
Sachs offers three long - term solutions :
1 ) Promote greater exports , partly through dollar depreciation ( already happening ) and partly through expanded government support for export financing particularly to credit constrained low income countries ;
2 ) Massive expansion of education spending and job training ; and
3 ) Spur investment in areas of high social return such as low - carbon economy or green technology .
There are other ideas as well .
How about a National Infrastructure Bank .
The ideas and proposal are out there .
It 's a matter of leadership :
STANDING ATHWART HISTORY ….
There are plenty of discouraging poll numbers for Democrats that have been released lately , but there ’s little evidence that Republicans are capitalizing in any meaningful way .
The party is still less popular than the Democratic majority , and the GOP is still less trusted on most of the major issues of the day .
On health care , for example , the new NBC / WSJ poll shows 45 % of Americans approving of President Obama ’s handling of the issue .
For the Republican Party , the number was 21 % .
The GOP has done wonders raising doubts about Democratic reform plans , but it ’s not exactly persuading anyone that Republicans offer a superior alternative .
With that in mind , Ezra Klein had a good summary of the bigger picture .
The Republican Party ’s strategy against health - care reform has been something of a kamikaze mission : destroy the bill through a strategy that also destroys the party , at least in the short - term .
The hope is that if they win the war , they ’ll be in better shape come the 2010 midterms .
Maybe that ’ll work .
Maybe it wo n’t .
But if it does work , it wo n’t leave them in a better position to govern .
What Republicans — and , when they ’re out of power , Democrats — are doing is essentially discrediting the political process .
Piece by piece , bill by bill .
The argument , essentially , is that politicians are untrustworthy and Congress is corrupt and interest groups are trying to do horrible things to you and problems are not being solved .
All these thing might be true , but they ’re being said , in this case , by politicians who want to take back Congress and start negotiating with interest groups to solve problems .
That ’s not going to work terribly well , and for obvious reasons .
Republicans may think they ’ve found a clever strategy in making it hard for Democrats to govern , but what they ’re really doing is making it nearly impossible for anyone to govern .
American politics is trapped in a cycle of minority obstruction , and though that ’s good for whomever the minority is at the moment , it ’s not particularly good for making progress on pressing issues .
I think this is almost entirely right , except for one point — Ezra described congressional Republicans as “ politicians who want to take back Congress and start negotiating with interest groups to solve problems . ”
I do n’t mean to be cute here , but I think that gives the GOP too much credit .
In fact , I ’m not sure Republicans are interested in problem - solving at all .
They want to take back Congress for the express purpose of stopping the White House from passing a progressive policy agenda .
GOP leaders do n’t want to govern or “ make progress on pressing issues ” ; they want to stop the process of governing and let the status quo linger .
To be sure , I think Ezra ’s entirely right about the consequences of Republican tactics — they paralyze our system of government .
The key , though , is that the GOP is almost certainly okay with that .
Put it this way : when was the last time the Republican Party , on the national level , had a coherent policy agenda ?
It was n’t 2002 ( “ 9/11 , 9/11 , 9/11 ” ) ; it was n’t 2004 ( the bulk of George W. Bush ’s stump speech was about John Kerry ) ; it was n’t 2006 ( “ 9/11 ? , 9/11 ? , 9/11 ? ” ) ; and it was n’t 2008 ( “ maverick ” is not a plan ) .
The same will be true in 2010 — there ’s nothing in particular the GOP wants to do with government , other than to say “ no ” to those who do have an agenda .
And with that in mind , making it impossible for anyone to govern suits Republicans just fine .
Les Français plébiscitent les sites Internet consacrés à l'actualité mais seuls 21 % seraient prêts à payer pour ce service , selon une étude des instituts Lightspeed Research et Trendstream .
Le bras de fer est engagé .
Alors qu'un nombre croissant d'éditeurs de journaux tente d'imposer le paiement de l'information sur leurs sites Internet , les internautes manifestent une réticence farouche à mettre la main au portefeuille pour une de leurs activités favorites .
En France , 79 % des internautes refusent de payer pour l'actualité en ligne « peu importe le montant demandé » , révèle une étude réalisée par l'institut Lightspeed Research ( filiale de WPP ) et le cabinet de conseil Trendstream .
Cette résistance élevée s'accompagne pourtant d'un réel appétit pour l'information sur Internet : 43 % des sites visités par les internautes français sont édités par des journaux ou magazines consacrés à l'actualité .
De même , 32 % des sondés indiquent consulter Internet « avant tout pour se tenir informés » .
Seuls 16 % des internautes seraient prêts à payer , à la consultation , pour des actualités courantes .
Les « analyses exclusives » achetées à l'acte intéressent à peine 9 % des internautes , selon l'étude .
Les formules par abonnement , réputées « moins flexibles » , attirent moins de 5 % des internautes .
Cette opposition au paiement de l'information en ligne s'estompe avec l'âge et l'augmentation du niveau de vie : 27 % des 55 - 64 ans seraient prêts à acheter leur information sur Internet et un quart des internautes gagnant plus de 75 000 euros par an accepteraient de franchir un péage numérique pour s'informer .
Les internautes français ne sont pas seuls à freiner ainsi des quatre fers .
84 % des internautes allemands refusent de payer pour l'information sur Internet , indique un sondage que vient de publier Bitkom , l'union fédérale de l'industrie de l'information , des télécoms et des nouveaux médias d'Allemagne .
Mais pour l'organisme , la réticence tend à diminuer : « Jusqu'ici , il n'y avait quasiment aucune disposition à payer pour des actualités ou reportages sur Internet » , indique le vice - président de Bitkom , Achim Berg .
« Les éditeurs doivent participer , à travers des modèles économiques intelligents , au développement progressif d'une culture du payant sur Internet » .
It 's been more than two months since the popular semi-private BitTorrent tracker Demonoid went offline due to hardware problems , but the site 's full return is now imminent .
Demonoid ’s tracker is already up and running again and according to an update from the site 's staff , the site will follow soon .
In September , Demonoid was forced to go offline due to some hardware problems .
It later turned out that the hardware issues had resulted in severe data loss .
Some user data and torrent files are unfortunately gone for good and the site ’s code has been permanently damaged .
This resulted in the extended downtime that persists through today .
Since Demonoid ’s owners are not very talkative it did n’t take long before imposters created their own news about the site , causing wild rumors to spread among Demonoid ’s fans .
Some reported that the site would return under a new name and others claimed that the authorities had permanently shut it down .
In a rare update , Demonoid staff have informed their users that none of this is true .
Demonoid will return and things will return to normal as soon as possible .
“ There are some rumors about the site shutting down for good and we [ sic ] starting a new tracker next year .
The rumors are of course , lies .
There are no plans of shutting down or creating another site , ” Demonoid staff write .
Aside from refuting those rumors , the staff update brings more good news .
A full comeback of the Demonoid site is looming .
Parts of the code had to be rewritten in order to get the site back up and this process is almost finished .
“ The parts of the site code that got deleted are being rewritten and should be ready soon .
We are also working to try and minimize the data loss as much as possible , ” the Demonoid team adds .
As reported earlier , the tracker is already back up and running smoothly , and considering the latest update from Demonoid staff , it should n’t take long before the site itself is also recovered .
The late , mannerist years of identity politics
2. Brigitte Godot , a commenter with a blank LiveJournal , informed me yesterday in a comment that this term is offensive to transsexuals and went on to suggest that I 'm probably unaware of the multiplicity of genders beyond the male / female binary .
As someone who 's had sexual relations with a transsexual , I 'm perfectly aware of this multiplicity .
Although I 'd prefer to say that there 's a fluid identity - continuum between two fixed biological genders rather than a plurality of genders .
3 . So I refer the commenter to
4. Difference is the important word here .
As that entry says , quoting Sophia Phoca , the shift from feminism to postfeminism in the late 60s in Paris meant a shift from a quest for women 's equality with men to the celebration of women 's difference from men .
5 . However , if you remove the idea of the pre-eminence of men ( The Man as " the thing to be different from " or " the thing to be equal to " ) , what you get is a highly unstable system in which everyone asserts their own differences from everyone else .
A baroque game ensues , of hair - paring self - definition , self - assertion , endless schism , and an overconcern with " the stigma treadmill " .
This becomes a politics we 're all too familiar with , concerned with the policing of labels , and endless attempts to make other people -- accused of insensitivity and disrespect -- conform to our self - definitions .
6. Brigitte Godot is n't interested in theory .
She says I'm " evading admitting direct culpability " by sending her " to some ancient post commenting on some pseud 's ivory tower blather on post - something or other drivel " .
Ivory tower , pseud , blather , drivel ... they do n't exactly resonate with respect , do they ?
What does it mean , that the author of Postfeminism for Beginners is derided so savagely by someone demanding a respectful terminology for herself ?
7 . Godot goes on to suggest that there 's a slippery slope , " in the real world " , between using the word " tranny " and murdering transsexuals : " I 'm talking about the real world effect such terms have on the thousand and one genders that are n't clearly male or female , not intellectual mind games that torture sentences to wring the subtext out of the banal .
This November 20 was Transgender Remembrance Day , honoring all those murdered for their lack of gender conformity .
Tranny
Day to you , mate .
Sorry I missed your post on the subject , I was too busy mourning the dead . "
8 . I google to see whether " tranny " is generally considered offensive and find a Boston Herald headline
9 . I reply politely : " My point is that I 'm quite aware of the multiplicity of genders , but that I think there 's an inherent flaw in PC identity politics , which is that fine - slicing personal identity definitions -- and investing ever more in angry , self - righteous policing of labels and etiquettes -- is six political steps backward .
This is n't ivory tower at all , it 's very practical .
As I put it in
" Here , enacted before our very eyes , is exactly why oppositional politics tends to disintegrate into bitter internecine squabbling -- much to the delight of the bigots it should instead be attacking .
These people need to get behind a common cause , and preferably one unrelated to the assertion of ever - more - baroque personal identity differences . "
10 .
I then say that insisting that the word " tranny " be seen as offensive and insulting might be politically counter - productive and even reactionary , a way of :
a ) inducing guilt in an ally
b ) alienating an ally
c ) splitting a united front against bigots
d ) actually re-introducing stigma into the whole idea of transgenderism
11 . In last Friday's
12 . This relates to what I 've jokingly called Humperson 's Third Law of Meta , which states that :
" No critical statement is exempt from its own strictures .
Every statement which seeks to summarize and critique a pre-existing statement will tend to exemplify , in itself , the things it deplores in the original statement , thus opening itself up to the same critique , and so on , recursively .
And incrementally , for a summary of a statement tends to exemplify its faults more succinctly and intensely . "
As a critique of sexism , anti-sexism is open to the charge that it incorporates and intensifies the very thing it claims to combat .
13 .
This also relates to what I was saying in my entry
14 . Adam Curtis ' Century of the Self gives a very valuable account of how the counterculture of the 1960s turned , in the 1970s , into narcissism and schism , both political and personal ( EST , in particular , saw many reaching the revelation that the self is both everything and nothing ) , and how this " self - actualization " led fairly seamlessly into the nihilistic consumer - entrepreneurial ideology of the 1980s .
15 .
It 's this narcissism which I think underlies the late - period identity politics which pops up in my comment columns so much .
It 's not so much " womanist " as " mannerist " , both because it 's a late , decadent development of 1960s radicalism and because it 's obsessed with manners .
Identity politics in the 60s and 70s fought for the public visibility of people who were different .
In the 80s and 90s -- the Reagan / Thatcher years -- identity politics flipped polarities and entered its PC phase , becoming a campaign for the invisibility of differences .
Late identity politics dovetails with Reagan / Thatcher politics : ban public advocacy of homosexuality , do n't offend people , keep differences invisible , change language , assume and police stigma .
16 . I am X , and I am different from Y .
Other people are ignorant of the difference between X and Y .
They must be educated .
People , you must call me X and respect my difference from yourself , and from Y .
You must refer to me by the term I have chosen to refer to myself by , and stay tuned for any changes I choose to make in this label , and new terms you must use to describe me -- those new terms which the stigma treadmill or reclamation of previously - taboo terms may , from time to time , make it necessary for me to substitute .
If you self - define as X , you may participate in the reclamation of previously - taboo terms .
If you do n't , you must simply wait for us to tell you it 's okay again to use terms like " queer " or " fag " .
17 .
It 's not so much " political correctness gone mad " as " rad gone trad " .
18 . Thin -sliced , baroque identity politics and the stigma - policing that is its main praxis is as far from a radical progressive politics as it's possible to get .
Two steps forward , six euphemisms back .
1 . Last week , talking about Polish theatre , I referred to a character in Roman Polanski's film The Tenant as a " tranny " .
( In fact , the man , played by Polanski himself , dresses up as the former occupant of his apartment , possessed by her spirit .
) 2. Brigitte Godot , a commenter with a blank LiveJournal , informed me yesterday in a comment that this term is offensive to transsexuals and went on to suggest that I 'm probably unaware of the multiplicity of genders beyond the male / female binary .
As someone who 's had sexual relations with a transsexual , I 'm perfectly aware of this multiplicity .
Although I 'd prefer to say that there 's a fluid identity - continuum between two fixed biological genders rather than a plurality of genders .
3 .
So I refer the commenter to a Click Opera entry in which I wonder what would happen if there were 12 official genders instead of just two .
I conclude , there , that this would lead to a lot of in - fighting because of Freud 's narcissism of minor difference .
4 .
Difference is the important word here .
As that entry says , quoting Sophia Phoca , the shift from feminism to postfeminism in the late 60s in Paris meant a shift from a quest for women 's equality with men to the celebration of women 's difference from men.
5 .
However , if you remove the idea of the pre-eminence of men ( The Man as " the thing to be different from " " the thing to be equal to " ) , what you get is a highly unstable system in which everyone asserts their own differences from everyone else .
A baroque game ensues , of hair - paring self - definition , self - assertion , endless schism , and an overconcern with " the stigma treadmill " .
This becomes a politics we 're all too familiar with , concerned with the policing of labels , and endless attempts to make other people -- accused of insensitivity and disrespect -- conform to our self - definitions .
6. Brigitte Godot is n't interested in theory .
She says I'm " evading admitting direct culpability " by sending her " to some ancient post commenting on some pseud 's ivory tower blather on post - something or other drivel " .... they do n't exactly resonate with respect , do they ?
What does it mean , that the author of Postfeminism for Beginners is derided so savagely by someone demanding a respectful terminology for herself ?
7 .
Godot goes on to suggest that there 's a slippery slope , " in the real world " , between using the word " tranny " and murdering transsexuals : " I 'm talking about the real world effect such terms have on the thousand and one genders that are n't clearly male or female , not intellectual mind games that torture sentences to wring the subtext out of the banal .
This November 20 was Transgender Remembrance Day , honoring all those murdered for their lack of gender conformity .
Tranny
Day to you , mate .
Sorry I missed your post on the subject , I was too busy mourning the dead .
" 8 . I google to see whether " tranny " is generally considered offensive and find a Boston Herald headline Wife - killing tranny denied electrolysis for time being and a Wikipedia article which says " the transgender community typically use the short form " trans " , or simply " T " as a substitution for the full word " transsexual " , e.g. TS , trans guy , trans dyke , T - folk , trans folk .
Some may even use terms that have become controversial to some , such as tranny and / or trans , despite others considering these terms to be offensive .
Those who do use these terms claim that they are diminishing the power of the term as an insult ... " 9 . I reply politely : " My point is that I 'm quite aware of the multiplicity of genders , but that I think there 's an inherent flaw in PC identity politics , which is that fine - slicing personal identity definitions -- and investing ever more in angry , self - righteous policing of labels and etiquettes -- is six political steps backward .
This is n't ivory tower at all , it 's very practical .
As I put it in Three conflicts summarised , describing a conflict between RWOCs ( Radical Women of Color ) and black feminists : " Here , enacted before our very eyes , is exactly why oppositional politics tends to disintegrate into bitter internecine squabbling -- much to the delight of the bigots it should instead be attacking .
These people need to get behind a common cause , and preferably one unrelated to the assertion of ever - more - baroque personal identity differences .
" 10 .
I then say that insisting that the word " tranny " be seen as offensive and insulting might be politically counter - productive and even reactionary , a way of : a ) inducing guilt in an allyb ) alienating an allyc ) splitting a united front against bigotsd ) actually re-introducing stigma into the whole idea of transgenderism11 .
In last Friday 's Judgment of Paris post , I suggested that my problem with late - period identity politics is that " there is a lot of sexism built into anti-sexism " .
12 .
This relates to what I 've jokingly called Humperson 's Third Law of Meta , which states that :
" No critical statement is exempt from its own strictures .
Every statement which seeks to summarize and critique a pre-existing statement will tend to exemplify , in itself , the things it deplores in the original statement , thus opening itself up to the same critique , and so on , recursively .
And incrementally , for a summary of a statement tends to exemplify its faults more succinctly and intensely . "
As a critique of sexism , anti-sexism is open to the charge that it incorporates and intensifies the very thing it claims to combat .13 .
This also relates to what I was saying in my entry
The arrow and the frame , which suggested that an expressed opinion was less important than the framing presuppositions of an argument .
In other words -- and as Google Adwords tends to confirm when it advertises racist products next to an anti-racist conversation -- stating you 're against sexism or racism is less important than being " on the same page " with racists and sexists in the general framing of the debate .
Letting them , in other words , set the agenda .
14 .
Adam Curtis ' Century of the Self gives a very valuable account of how the counterculture of the 1960s turned , in the 1970s , into narcissism and schism , both political and personal ( EST , in particular , saw many reaching the revelation that the self is both everything and nothing ) , and how this " self - actualization " led fairly seamlessly into the nihilistic consumer - entrepreneurial ideology of the 1980s .
15 .
It 'snarcissism which I think underlies the late - period identity politics which pops up in my comment columns so much .
It 's not so much " womanist " as " mannerist " , both because it 's a late , decadent development of 1960s radicalism and because it 's obsessed with manners .
Identity politics in the 60s and 70s fought for the public visibility of people who were different .
In the 80s and 90s -- the Reagan / Thatcher years -- identity politics flipped polarities and entered its PC phase , becoming a campaign for theof differences .
Late identity politics dovetails with Reagan / Thatcher politics : ban public advocacy of homosexuality , do n't offend people , keep differences invisible , change language , assume and police stigma .
16 .
I am X , and I am different from Y .
Other people are ignorant of the difference between X and Y .
They must be educated .
People , you must call me X and respect my difference from yourself , and from Y .
You must refer to me by the term I have chosen to refer to myself by , and stay tuned for any changes I choose to make in this label , and new terms you must use to describe me -- those new terms which the stigma treadmill or reclamation of previously - taboo terms may , from time to time , make it necessary for me to substitute .
If you self - define as X , you may participate in the reclamation of previously - taboo terms .
If you do n't , you must simply wait for us to tell you it 's okay again to use terms like " queer " or " fag " .
17 .
It 's not so much " political correctness gone mad " as " rad gone trad " .
18 .
Thin -sliced , baroque identity politics and the stigma - policing that is its main praxis is as far from a radical progressive politics as it's possible to get .
Two steps forward , six euphemisms back .
Thousands attended Marwa Sherbini 's funeral in Egypt A man has been sentenced to life in prison after being convicted of murdering a pregnant Egyptian woman in a German courtroom .
The Dresden state court also ruled that Alexander Wiens would not be eligible for early release .
Wiens , 28 , admitted stabbing Marwa Sherbini to death at a court hearing involving them both in July .
The crime sparked outrage across the Muslim world .
Egypt said justice had been served with the sentence .
Wiens , a Russian - born German citizen , had argued his action was not premeditated .
But prosecutors at the trial , which took place amid tight security , insisted he was motivated by a " hatred of non-Europeans and Muslims " .
' Martyr of the hijab '
The case began with an argument in a playground in 2008 .
Ms Sherbini , a pharmacist , is said to have asked Wiens to let her child use a playground swing he was sitting on .
He refused and instead called her abusive names .
ANALYSIS By Yolande Knell , BBC News , Cairo
There were alerts on Egyptian state television as news of the verdict broke .
This trial has been extensively covered in the media and many Egyptian journalists travelled to Dresden .
Members of Marwa Sherbini's family and Egyptian lawyers - including a legal team provided by the Egyptian foreign ministry - were also in court .
The case shocked Egyptians and there was outrage at what was seen as the slow response of the German authorities to deal with claims of Islamophobia and to offer condolences .
In July , thousands turned out for the funeral of Ms Sherbini in Alexandria , her home city .
There were small protests afterwards outside the German embassy and in the Al - Azhar Mosque in Cairo .
Tensions remained during the trial - causing a Dresden orchestra to postpone planned performances in Egypt .
Egypt welcomes verdict
She later took the defendant to court and he was fined 780 euros ( $ 1,170 ; £ 718 ) for defamation .
But when Wiens returned to the courtroom for an appeal hearing on 1 July this year , prosecutors say he smuggled in an 18 cm ( 7in ) kitchen knife and stabbed Ms Sherbini at least 16 times with it .
The 31 - year - old , who was three months pregnant with her second child , bled to death in front of her husband and their three - year - old son .
Her husband was himself stabbed as he tried to protect his wife , and also accidentally shot in the leg by a security guard who initially believed him to be the attacker .
Wiens was also found guilty of attempted murder and causing bodily harm for this attack .
Egyptian Ambassador Ramzi Izz al - Din told reporters outside court that " justice has been honoured " .
He said : " Getting the maximum possible sentence , I think that itself says a lot . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Egyptian foreign ministry spokesman Hossam Zaki said in a statement quoted by AFP news agency : " The verdict , the maximum punishment under German law , serves justice and is considered a warning to those motivated by hate . "
Many Muslim leaders had accused Germany of Islamophobia following the killing .
They said the country , which has the second - biggest Muslim population in Western Europe , had been too slow to condemn it .
Ms Sherbini , who wore a headscarf , was dubbed " the martyr of the hijab " .
Thousands attended her funeral in Egypt , some chanting " Death to Germany " , and there were also mass protests in Iran .
On Wednesday , outside the courtroom , about 200 people staged a demonstration calling for the German government to do more to counter racism , particularly on the internet .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Barack Obama and Manmohan Singh need to overcome the mistrust that has characterised recent US - India relations on climate change and energy .
From the World Resources Institute , part of the Guardian Environment Network
Today , President Obama will host the first state visit of his presidency , rolling out the red carpet for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India .
Climate change will be high on the agenda for the leaders of the world 's two biggest democracies .
And the timing is auspicious , coming only two weeks before the start of the high stakes global climate summit in Copenhagen .
With some trying to dampen expectations that the world will seal a new climate agreement in the Danish capital , a US - India breakthrough on action to reduce greenhouse gases could provide the negotiations with much needed impetus .
But for this to happen , the two leaders need to overcome the mistrust that has characterized recent US - India relations on climate change and energy .
For Americans , this requires dispelling three damaging myths .
The first myth lumps India in with China as a global economic player and US competitor which does not need industrialized country support to switch to a low carbon economy .
In fact , while India is not Chad , neither is it China .
Within its borders , mostly in small villages , live a third of the world 's poor .
Some three hundred million Indians – more than the entire population of the United States - survive on less than a dollar a day .
Four hundred million lack electricity .
They are seeking to switch lights on , not turn them off .
While a few rich Indians now boast the same carbon footprint as the average American , India 's slum dwellers still vastly outnumber its middle class .
The second myth casts India as the rogue of the UN negotiations , refusing to curb its spiraling greenhouse gas emissions without rich country handouts .
In fact , while India talks tough , its actions speak otherwise .
In recent years , New Delhi has deployed wind power incentives and high industrial energy prices to foster an impressive nationwide shift to clean technologies .
Almost a tenth of India 's installed electricity capacity now flows from renewable sources , according to India 's Prayas Energy Group , compared with a paltry 3.8 % for the United States .
Not content with seeding a renewables revolution , India 's government has implemented strong energy efficiency standards for new appliances and buildings and launched an efficiency - based " cap- and - trade " scheme involving 700 large industrial companies .
Huge subsidies for solar technologies are also in the pipeline .
What 's more , India has made this investment in a low carbon economy despite using less energy than either the US or China to produce each dollar of GDP .
The third myth is that India is looking for massive cash handouts .
In fact , it seeks assistance primarily in the form of a technology partnership and strategic climate and energy relationship with the United States , one which aligns with America 's own interests .
Technology partnerships with US federal agencies and companies are a priority for India 's leaders because they would help drive down the costs of clean technology and increase Indian capacity to respond effectively and sustainably to booming domestic energy demand .
On the world stage , a high profile climate and energy relationship with the United States would also help India 's quest to establish itself as a leading economic and diplomatic player .
In addition , and understandably , India seeks some financial support in adapting to destructive climate impacts already underway .
What would the United States gain from such a partnership ?
Access to India 's growing market for clean energy technologies , and the American jobs that such demand would generate ; leverage to persuade India to embrace more aggressive actions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to subject these actions to international verification ; and improvements in U.S. - India relations that would benefit not just the two nations but the global community and its shared climate .
The United States , by aiding India , would also be keeping faith with the terms of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) , which it signed .
This requires developed countries to pay the " full incremental costs " for developing countries to implement emission reduction measures .
Building trust , and overcoming the damaging mud-slinging between Washington and New Delhi on who is the more recalcitrant on climate change , will take time .
But that time must be invested .
President Obama and Prime Minister Singh can take a first important step this month , by announcing a high level partnership to develop new and affordable renewable energy technologies and promote energy efficiencies .
Responding to climate change is a major test for humanity 's ability to undertake swift and effective multilateral action .
The world 's two largest democratic nations need to lead the way , now , in solving this global challenge .
• Manish Bapna joined WRI as its executive vice president and managing director in June 2007 .
His interests and expertise are in international development with a particular focus on rural poverty and natural resources .
A suspicious wife caught her husband chatting up schoolgirls on the internet by posing online as a 14 - year - old from a computer in the next room , a British court has heard .
Cheryl Roberts , 61 , called police and the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children after posing as a schoolgirl then watching her 68 - year - old husband , David Roberts , use the internet to try to lure her out for sex .
Roberts was under the impression he was chatting with a young girl and not his wife of almost 20 years , Britain 's newspaper reported .
But Mrs Roberts , a mother - of - two , was in the living room next to her husband 's study , posing as a schoolgirl after cottoning on to what her husband was doing , Cardiff Crown Court heard this week .
Mrs Roberts thought her husband spent too much time in his study and later saw an obscene message pop up on their computer while he was out , the court heard .
* The tao that can be toldis not the eternal Tao * * One who speaks does not know One who knows does not speak * One of the great ironies about the Tao Te ...
7 years ago
It has become a pub bore 's cliché to argue that we will never prevail in Afghanistan because no foreign power ever has : not even the Russians , whose nine - year occupation cost the lives of 14,000 of their soldiers and 35,500 wounded , and which ended in humiliating retreat in 1989 .
Those Cassandras irritate Western leaders , whose response is to insist that it is different this time .
" We are not an occupying army , " Gordon Brown told the BBC on Friday .
" It 's not like previous interventions ....
We are actually creating the conditions by which the Afghans themselves , and not an occupying army , can run their own affairs . "
Ture , history does not repeat itself in every detail .
Nato , for instance , would never adopt the scorched earth tactics of the Soviet Union , which led to the deaths of more than a million civilians and the creation of 7 million refugees .
In 1987 the Soviets carpet - bombed and bulldozed Kandahar , Afghanistan 's second city , reducing its pre-war population from 200,000 to 25,000 .
The underlying motive of the Western mission , furthermore – the destruction of al - Qa'ida – has the justification of self - defence and is legitimised by the UN .
Nevertheless , the spectre of Soviet - style failure hangs over the coalition as never before .
President Obama , as he dithers over a troop surge , is in the same shoes as Mikhail Gorbachev when he came to power in March 1985 .
He , too , inherited a counter - insurgency that had stagnated – and opted for a surge to force the result .
Troop levels rose to 108,800 : almost precisely the number that the US will have in the field if Obama agrees to General McChrystal 's request for another 40,000 .
It did neither Gorbachev nor the Afghans any good : 1985 turned out to be the bloodiest year of the whole war .
" The more troops you bring the more trouble you will have here , " Russia 's ambassador to Afghanistan , Zamir Kabulov said recently .
" If this trend is the rule , if you bring here 200,000 soldiers , all of Afghanistan will be under the Taliban . "
Kabulov , who served in Kabul as a junior diplomat in the 1980s , understands better than most that nothing unites the fractious Afghans more effectively than the presence of infidel soldiers on their holy soil .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The experience of resistance has so shaped Afghan identity over the centuries that it has been blended into their religion .
" We are against war , " a Taliban commander called Abdullah told me in 2007 .
" It creates nothing but widows and destruction .
But jihad is different .
It is our moral obligation to resist you foreigners .
We will never stop fighting .
At judgement day , Allah will not ask , ' What did you do for your country ? '
He will ask , ' Did you fight for your religion ? ' "
I interviewed Abdullah in the mountainous Chak district of Wardak province , a scant 30 miles south - west of Kabul , and the scene of fierce fighting with US forces this year .
The Talibs still control it .
As elsewhere , they are helped enormously by the local topography .
Afghanistan is not Mesopotamia : the steep - sided valley from which Abdullah continues to operate is a cul - de- sac with only one road in and out .
As the many decaying wrecks of tanks prove , the Russians also failed to clear and hold Chak .
Here , as in Helmand , the insurgents ' tactics and ambush points are not just similar but in many cases identical to the ones used against the Soviets , and even the 19th - century British .
Advances in western military technology do not faze the Taliban .
The Soviets ' best weapon was the fearsome Hind helicopter gunship , which the mujahedin nicknamed Shaitan - Arba , or " Satan 's Chariot . "
They were practically invincible until the US supplied the Afghans with shoulder - held Stinger missiles in 1987 .
The Soviets went on to lose over 300 helicopters ; 2009 saw the first loss of a coalition Chinook to enemy fire .
The Soviets , of course , did not see themselves as an occupying army any more than we do .
They arrived in 1979 at the specific and repeated request of the Kabul government .
They too had a policy , and based their exit strategy on it , as we have done .
By 1986 , under Soviet guidance , the local armed forces had been built up to an official strength of over 300,000 .
But there were serious doubts about the reliability of these allies , just as we have found ( and as the recent murder of five British soldiers by an Afghan policeman under their charge amply illustrates ) .
In the 1980s , new recruits deserted the Afghan Army almost as fast as the Russians could train them : 32,000 of them per year , at one stage .
The difference between Nato and Soviet interventions is not always apparent to ordinary Afghans .
For many years the shopkeepers along Chicken Street , the main tourist bazaar in Kabul , sold carpets patterned with Hind gunships and BTRs , the distinctive eight - wheeled armoured vehicles whose carcasses still litter the countryside , testimony to the mujahedin 's Pyrrhic victory .
These days such souvenirs are decorated with Chinooks and armoured personnel carriers that look dispiritingly like British Vikings .
Another decade , another invasion : it 's all the same to the carpet - sellers .
It 's all the same to the Taliban , too .
The oral tradition is strong in Afghanistan , and one of its effects is a strange telescoping of time ; for them , it is almost as if the Soviet invasion was yesterday , and the British were here last week .
" My grandfather died fighting you people , " Abdullah told me .
" Fighting the British feels like unfinished business for many of us . "
It sometimes feels like unfinished business for us as well .
In 1929 , the RAF 's 39 Squadron was stationed at Risalpur in the border areas of Pakistan , from where it flew bombing missions over Waziristan against the elusive insurgent leader , the Fakir of Ipi .
Today , 39 Squadron operates a dozen MQ - 7 Reaper drones over the same area – albeit from computer screens on an airbase in Nevada – in a bid to kill or capture Osama bin Laden .
Some analysts think that drones could turn the tide of this war , and even be part of the West 's exit strategy by eventually allowing machines instead of men to police the border .
But as the Russians and the British before them found to their cost , it is a mistake to put too much faith in weapons technology when fighting in a country like Afghanistan .
James Fergusson is the author of A Million Bullets – The Real Story of the British Army in Afghanistan
A St. Paul man fell off the Mississippi River Bluffs Tuesday afternoon while fleeing Coffman Union bookstore security in an alleged theft , a police report stated .
The 29 - year - old man fell over the bluffs while struggling with Coffman Union bookstore security personnel who chased after him when he fled the store with two textbooks .
University of Minnesota Police formed a perimeter and began searching the bluffs and rocky riverbank south of the Washington Avenue Bridge , according to a police report .
Police found the man hiding among the rocks and vegetation , but were unable to extract him without a Minneapolis Fire Department boat , according to the report .
He was taken by ambulance to Hennepin County Medical Center for injuries sustained in the fall .
Check mndaily.com for updates
KDE has changed over the past 13 years .
The application framework has grown , matured and gone cross-platform , as have the applications .
Strong growth in our community has created an increasingly diverse and large set of high - quality applications .
In the process , KDE 's identity has shifted from being simply a desktop environment to representing a global community that creates a remarkably rich body of free software targeted for use by people everywhere .
KDE is no longer software created by people , but people who create software .
To be able to communicate this clearly in our messaging , it is necessary to reposition the KDE brand so that it reflects the reality .
We therefore also need distinct brands for the products we produce .
Summary
We will use simply " KDE " and retire the expansion " K Desktop Environment "
" and retire the expansion " K Desktop Environment "
We will use " KDE " exclusively in two meanings : KDE , the community , which creates free software for end users
As an umbrella brand for the technology created by the KDE community
We will use distinct brands for the software that was previously referred to generically as “ KDE ” :
The KDE Workspaces will be separately referred to as " KDE Plasma Desktop " and " KDE Plasma Netbook "
The KDE technologies used for building applications will be referred to as the " KDE Platform "
The KDE Applications will stay as they are : " the KDE Applications "
The product we currently have released as " KDE 4.3 " is essentially a compilation of our software ( Workspaces , Applications and Platform ) , and thus the next release will be named " KDE Software Compilation 4.4 "
Details
KDE : the community
The strength of KDE is the community .
It is where it all starts .
It includes the KDE culture , the KDE values and the KDE mission .
The community is also what ties us together and gives us an identity .
This identity is KDE .
So it is natural that the brand " KDE " stands first and foremost for the community .
Sometimes we use the term " KDE project " as a weak way to say " KDE community " .
We have grown far beyond the situation where you could refer to KDE as a “ project ” .
It is not a limited effort to solve the problem of having a desktop GUI for Linux anymore .
It has evolved into a thriving community of people continuously working on creating and improving free software for end users based on specific values , ideals and goals .
The KDE brand transports the values of the KDE community , such as freedom , technical excellence , beauty , pragmatism , portability , open standards , international collaboration , professionalism , respect , and great teamwork .
KDE : the umbrella brand
In the context of software KDE acts as an umbrella brand for the software created by the KDE community and software using the KDE platform .
This includes the KDE platform itself , the KDE Software Compilation , and all other KDE applications .
See it as a hierarchy , with the KDE umbrella brand on top and the other brands below it .
Graphical representation of the Brand Map Graphical representation of the Brand Map
Retiring the term " K Desktop Environment "
The expanded term " K Desktop Environment " has become ambiguous and obsolete , probably even misleading .
Settling on " KDE " as a self - contained term makes it clear that we have made the shift from a limited set of software components to a community providing an ecosystem of free software applications and platforms for the end user on the desktop , mobile devices , and more .
The term " K Desktop Environment " can be accurately and completely replaced by " KDE Community " , " KDE Platform " , " KDE Applications " or specific KDE application names , depending on what is actually meant .
For the desktop itself we will have the clearer name " KDE Workspace " .
The huge set of KDE applications can be put under the KDE umbrella brand using more specific brands for individual applications or application suites .
The confusion about what a desktop environment is and implies can be avoided by using clearer terms in this manner .
Using distinct brands
To successfully position " KDE " as the community and as an umbrella brand , we need strong identities for our range of products .
A summary of these products and the new brands are set out below .
KDE Products
Software created by the KDE community is branded on its own under the umbrella brand of KDE .
Use of " KDE " in the product name is optional and depending on the context .
Especially for applications that are not well known as KDE applications and are not easily identified as such by a " K " prefix in their name , it is recommended to use " KDE " in the product name .
KDE Applications
KDE applications make up the breadth and richness of the KDE universe .
They are solutions to specific use cases .
KDE applications can run independently of the KDE workspace and can freely be mixed with applications based on other platforms and toolkits .
Here are a few examples :
Okular or KDE Okular
or Dolphin or KDE Dolphin
or Amarok
Krita or KDE Krita
or KWord
KPresenter
KDevelop
KSysguard
K3B
There are a few brands which are used to identify application suites built up from several applications .
These can be used just like application names when referring to a set of related applications bundled under the application suite brand .
Those brands are sometimes also used to refer to a sub-community .
Examples include :
KOffice ( KWord , Krita ... )
( KWord , Krita ... )
KDE Kontact or Kontact ( KMail , KOrganizer , KAddressbook ... )
or ( KMail , KOrganizer , KAddressbook ... )
KDE Edu
KDE Workspace
KDE provides workspaces .
These provide the environment for running and managing applications and integrate interaction of applications .
The workspaces are designed as generic environment for all kinds of desktop applications , not only applications built on the KDE Platform .
They integrate best with applications following the standards used by the KDE Platform .
There are different flavors of the workspace to address the needs of specific groups of users or adapt to specific hardware platforms :
Plasma Desktop or KDE Plasma Desktop .
This is the workspace for desktop computers .
It 's built on the classical paradigm of a desktop environment .
or .
This is the workspace for desktop computers .
It 's built on the classical paradigm of a desktop environment .
Plasma Netbook or KDE Plasma Netbook .
This is the workspace for computers with a small display , e.g. Netbooks .
or .
This is the workspace for computers with a small display , e.g. Netbooks .
Future KDE workspaces tailored to specific devices will follow a similar naming scheme
The workspaces include many key components such as KWin , KDM , Plasma library , KSysguard and System Settings .
Generally we market the specific workspaces ( like Plasma Desktop ) , explaining they are part of the KDE Workspaces .
KDE Platform
KDE software is created on the KDE Platform , the base of libraries and services which are needed to run KDE applications .
It is used by core and third - party developers to create KDE applications .
Especially when including development frameworks and tools it may be referred to as KDE Development Platform .
It is built on a number of Pillars ( Akonadi storage framework , Solid hardware layer , Nepomuk information management , Phonon media framework , Plasma library ) .
The KDE Software Compilation
The KDE community does regular releases of a core set of KDE software products .
These releases are called the KDE Software Compilation and tagged with a version number , e.g . " The KDE community is releasing KDE Software Compilation 4.4 " .
Applications that make up the KDE Software Compilation may be run independently of each other and additional applications can be added without problems .
These applications can be freely mixed with applications using other frameworks and run in whatever desktop environment one may choose .
Further information
The full details on KDE branding can be found in the document " Repositioning the KDE brand " and there is also a Brand Map on the KDE Community Wiki .
Implementation
The structure above has been agreed after over a year of discussion and planning .
It has been discussed with the community in various places as well .
We know and acknowledge it is different , and takes some getting used to .
Some things might seem unnecessary - please believe we thought it through .
It is time to move on from the discussion and start implementing .
We want to have most of this in place for the 4.4 release of the KDE Software Compilation .
We will use the KDE brand and the other sub - brands actively in our communications , making sure to distinguish between them in a natural way , and start treating the workspace as " just another product " .
Over the next months we 'll be increasingly transitioning to the new terminology and updating our online resources and marketing material to provide a single , coherent branding structure .
Of course , as a member of the KDE community , you can help .
First of all by using the new terms in your communication , updating sites , documentation and dialogs ; secondly by explaining things to others .
( CNN ) --
With the movie " Zombieland " sitting on top at the box office , fans of the walking dead got another grisly , ghoulish treat on Wednesday .
" He 's so meticulous , " author Max Brooks said of " Recorded Attacks " illustrator Ibraim Roberson :
" The Zombie Survival Guide : Recorded Attacks , " the latest in the series of zombie chronicles by author Max Brooks , is a graphic novel that looks at the undead menace throughout history .
" When I wrote ' Zombie Survival Guide , ' I always wanted to come back to the historic attacks at the end of the book , " said Brooks , whose " World War Z " is in development to become a movie .
View a gallery of essential zombie movies
In the book , illustrated by Brazilian artist Ibraim Roberson , cavemen , the Roman legions and African slaves all battle the undead with varying degrees of success .
" More than a zombie nerd or a science fiction nerd , I 'm a history nerd , " said Brooks .
" I was a history major in college -- history is probably the only subject that allowed me to graduate high school . "
And in a move sure to please genre fans -- Brooks might say " genre nerds " -- there 's even a scrap in feudal Japan between zombies and ninjas .
" It 's never a bad thing to put zombies and ninjas together , " said Brooks , whose father is comedy legend Mel Brooks .
In looking for the right artist to set his story to a comic format , Brooks said he reviewed lots of artists before settling on Roberson .
" He 's head and shoulders above most people illustrating today , " Brooks said .
" The book itself is unique and I wanted a unique look .
His artwork is unlike anything else I 've ever seen , zombies or otherwise ... .
He 's so meticulous . "
But turning his work into a two - person job required some extra effort .
The former " Saturday Night Live " writer said he had n't worked with a collaborator since being on the show .
Roberson was in Brazil during the writing of the book .
" It was definitely a new world for me to sharpen my communication skills , " he said .
" Usually , the way I worked was brain to pen to paper .
Now it was brain to e-mail . "
Next up for Brooks , he said , is a writing project he deems " top secret " and a comic - book mini-series for IDW Publishing detailing the classic comic / action figure characters of " G.I. Joe . "
" They 're not continuing stories , " he said of the project with the working title , " Hearts and Minds .
" They 're up - close and personal stories for G.I. Joe and Cobra characters . "
All About Books • Horror Films
NSSM 200 National Security Study Memorandum 200 Blueprint for world de-population and western domination NSSM 200 - blueprint for de-population - Interim Newspaper - July 1998
Excerpt -
The population - control ideology and the means to achieve it can be found in a U.S. executive - level government document entitled National Security Study Memorandum 200 ( NSSM 200 ) , published in 1974 and declassified in 1989 .
Although this plan of action was to be activated in developing countries , it was designed as a two - edged sword that could be swung with equal determination in both developed and developing countries alike .
The document was signed by Henry Kissinger and directed to the secretaries of defense , agriculture and central intelligence , the deputy secretary of state , and the administrator of the Agency for International Development , with a copy to the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
The focus of the study was the " international political and economic implications of population growth . "
The UN , the IMF , the World Bank and abortion - Interim Newspaper - January 1999
Excerpt -
The official policy of the U.S. regarding population control in foreign policy is spelled out in NSSM 200 .
The Memorandum became the official guide to U.S. foreign policy on Nov. 26 , 1975 and has not been replaced since .
NSSM 200 , subtitled " Implications of Worldwide Population Growth for U.S. Security and Overseas Interests , " warned that increasing populations in developing countries threatened U.S. strategic , economic , and military interests .
Official , Now De-Classified Documents
The following are all in Adobe Acrobat format and require the free Acrobat reader for viewing .
Acrobat has been used to maintain the format of the original documents .
As well , acrobat allows easier navigation through the documents and easier printing of selected pages from the documents .
NSSM 200 cover letter
NSSM 200 document - 1974 ( 123 pages )
document - 1974 ( 123 pages ) National Security decision memorandum 314
First Progress Report - 1976 ( 23 pages )
See also The Inherent Racism of Population Control
Forging ahead much faster than had been expected , particle - smashing boffins at the Large Hadron Collider have now carried out actual collisions - blasting beams of protons into one another at a healthy 450 giga - electron - volts each for total whack of 900 GeV .
Since the mighty LHC was crippled last year in an unfortunate electro - burnout liquid helium superfluid explosion mishap , top boffins have toiled like gnomes in tunnels buried deep beneath the foundations of the Swiss alps to repair the subterranean machine .
Late on Friday night their efforts bore fruit , as the first beams of hadrons circulated all the way round the colossal 27 km magnetic vaccuum doughnut .
We here on the Reg particle - punisher desk relaxed a little at that point , as we had consulted this internal CERN document ( pdf ) - unearthed by keen amateur LHC - watcher Chris Stephens - which indicated no collisions until December 3 .
Like the cynical media troublemakers we are , we had anticipated a leisurely ten days or so of pumping up public anticipation - and of course hysteria among the tinfoilclad community , many of whom are convinced that meddling LHC boffins will implode the planet in a horrendous artificial - black - hole blunder of some type , turn it into soup , or alternatively rip open a portal or gap in the very fabric of spacetime through which might come interdimensional invaders etc .
All good clean fun .
But evidently the boffins at CERN , perhaps hoping to forestall the sort of attention / madness which built up last year for the first power - up - or more likely just itching to have a go with their kit - have torn up their initial plan .
Twin beams have now been crossed , and collisions have been observed in the experiments - the huge underground instrument caverns which plot the sub-subatomic debris scattering in all directions when hadrons run into each other head - on at a gnat 's whisker less than light speed .
It is among such debris that boffins hope to spot the elusive Higgs Boson or " God particle " , and so finally resolve the long - running boffinry deathmatch between Professors Higgs and Hawking .
Scientists at the LHC are naturally overjoyed at all this , and so might some of our other readers be too .
Collisions have occurred , and as yet there is no sign of planetary implosion and / or soupening , nor yet any interdimensional portal invasion .
Ireland ( 6 ) 20
Tries : Bowe , O'Driscoll Cons : O'Gara 2 Pens : O'Gara 2
Australia ( 10 ) 20
Tries : Mitchell , Elsom Cons : Giteau 2 Pens : Giteau 2 By Richard Petrie
Brian O'Driscoll marked his 100th Test appearance with a last - minute try to help Ireland salvage a 20 - 20 draw against Australia at Croke Park .
Australia led 10 - 6 at half - time , Drew Mitchell scoring a try , but Tommy Bowe touched down for Ireland in the second half and then Rocky Elsom scored a try .
Matt Giteau kicked 10 points to put the Aussies 20 - 13 ahead but O'Driscoll ran in under the posts to make it 20 - 18 .
Ronan O'Gara converted with the last kick of the match to level the scores .
The draw ended Australia 's hopes of a Grand Slam tour of the home nations , but it was a fair result after Ireland dragged themselves back into a match that seemed to have slipped away .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The result also maintains Ireland 's unbeaten record in 2009 , with games against Fiji and world champions South Africa to come .
Much of the pre-match build - up focused on O'Driscoll becoming the 11th player to reach a century of Test appearances ( with six of those coming for the British and Irish Lions ) , but he made an unwelcome contribution with his first touch of the ball .
O'Gara 's pass put the centre under pressure and he spilled the ball to give Mitchell a stroll to the line for the opening try in the second minute .
O'Gara replied with a straightforward fifth - minute penalty after the Wallabies were penalised for offside after a knock - on .
The visitors had the better of the opening 15 minutes but Giteau missed with his first penalty attempt of the game after the Irish were penalised for straying offside .
Mitchell was gifted his try after just two minutes Australia were then pulled up for an offence at the line - out and O'Gara converted a penalty from in front of the posts to reduce Ireland 's deficit to a point .
A Giteau penalty two minutes later restored Australia 's four - point advantage and then the fly - half made a break but was tackled just short of the line by Rob Kearney .
On 29 minutes , Wycliff Palu was sin-binned by referee Jonathan Kaplan after the number eight was adjudged to have halted Kearney in a dangerous manner without using his arms , but Ireland failed to take advantage of their numerical advantage as the first half ended 10 - 6 .
Giteau was off target with an early penalty effort four minutes after the break and then Keith Earls was introduced as a replacement for the injured Luke Fitzgerald .
606 : DEBATE
Ireland were very very lucky to draw that match .
They were totally outplayed for an hour
weallknow Giteau successfully landed a penalty after 54 minutes but Ireland responded in emphatic fashion , Bowe crossing the line under the posts after a fine Irish move which started with a charge by prop Cian Healy .
O'Gara added the simple conversion to level the scores .
Australia took command again after a fine flowing move when skipper Elsom shrugged off a couple of Irish challenges and barged over the line , grounding the ball in the corner before being pushed into touch .
Giteau 's conversion from a tight angle made it 20 - 13 to the tourists .
Bowe crossed the line again with three minutes remaining but replays failed to conclusively show that he had managed to ground the ball .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
With time running out , O'Driscoll - as on so many occasions in the past - proved Ireland 's saviour as he caught Australia 's defence napping to cruise through under the posts without a finger being laid on him .
It had been a quiet game for O'Driscoll but he sprung to life just at the right time , to allow O'Gara to level the scores with the conversion .
Ireland : Kearney , Bowe , B. O'Driscoll , P. Wallace , Fitzgerald , O'Gara , O'Leary , Healy , Flannery , Hayes , O'Callaghan , O'Connell , Ferris , D. Wallace , Heaslip .
Replacements : Earls for Fitzgerald ( 53 ) , Leamy for Ferris ( 75 ) .
Not Used : Cronin , Court , Cullen , Reddan , Sexton .
Australia : Ashley - Cooper , Hynes , Ioane , Cooper , Mitchell , Giteau , Genia , Robinson , Moore , Alexander , Horwill , Chisholm , Elsom , Pocock , Palu .
Replacements : O'Connor for Ashley - Cooper ( 69 ) , Polota - Nau for Moore ( 64 ) .
Not Used : Dunning , Mumm , G. Smith , Burgess , Cross .
Sin Bin : Palu ( 29 ) .
Att : 74,000 Ref : Jonathan Kaplan ( South Africa ) .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
COWHIDE RUGS
Brazilian cow hide rugs are by far the most superior cow hide rugs in the world and are suitable as highly fashionable cowhide rugs , wall hangings , throws or upholstery material .
Select chromium tanned Brazilian cow hide rugs are hand selected from various premium sources to guarantee quality , beauty and lush softness of pile .
Natural Brazilian cowhide rugs are now a very popular home decor item , and associated with classic Western and Southwestern decor .
But we have exotic African animal print cow hide rugs as well as solid color dyed cow hide rugs , acid wash and other exotic renditions of cow hide rugs .
Brazilian cow hide rugs are easy care and stand up to heavy traffic .
Browse our amazing collections of beautiful and exotic natural , animal print and solid color dyed Brazilian cow hide rugs .
Enjoy the possibilities .
Animal Print Cowhides Dyed Cowhide Leather Natural Calfskin Natural Cowhides
Today , my boyfriend broke up with me after I drove two hours to his house , because he wanted to do it face to face .
Then told me that if I wanted , we could have sex one last time , but I would have to leave right after , otherwise it would be weird .
FML
Share
tweet
I ’ve never claimed to be the most hygienic blogger among us , nor have I claimed to vacuum my humble apartment as regularly as I should , but I imagine if I had a cleaning rig like this , I might just set - out to clean my home at least once a week .
Utilizing five different Roombas instead of only one , which we ’ve seen previously , this Pac - Man Roomba set - up insures that you have a little amusement while the Roombas do their jobs .
The genius creator behind the Roomba Pac - Man game has also rigged the system up so that the ghost Roombas can distinguish the Pac - Man Roomba from the rest , thus setting into “ chase mode . ”
Alright , enough talk , let ’s get cleaning .
Check out the vid after the jump .
Link [ via ]
Medical Specialty >>
Reproductive Medicine
If you think you may have a medical emergency , call your doctor or 911 immediately .
Doctors Lounge ( www.doctorslounge.com) does not recommend or endorse any specific tests , physicians , products , procedures , opinions , or other information that may be mentioned on the Site .
DISCLAIMER : The information provided on www.doctorslounge.com is designed to support , not replace , the relationship that exists between a patient / site visitor and his / her physician .
Please read our ' Terms and Conditions of Use ' carefully before using this site .
Date of last update :
10/16/2017 .
Peters - Wed May 11 , 2005 5:19 am Share |
The problem is that Im horny all the time .
Im not gonna ask some " stupid " or " annoying " question how / what to do to get sex .
As I know that people think thats a stupid question , annoying in fact as long as they themselves get sex on regular basis .
I was wondering if there is some medecine or something that can be surgically removed too stop feeling horny all the time and stop having hardons .
Im about 20 or something .
Would be grateful for some advice .
I would prefer to have something surgically removed .
Not my whole penis though as I need it to look like a man and go to the bathroom .
Is there a way for that so I wont feel any sexual feelings at all ??
// thanks in advance :D
Absolutely not !
What you are experiencing is normal even if you feel its excessive .
Learn to accept your sex drive as a normal part of your existence .
It will change later , in the mean time it can become less annoying to you if you accomodate it .
Growing up is all about learning to enjoy who you are not who you should be and learning to compromise in the process .
Good luck
Peters - Mon May 16 , 2005 2:47 pm
Share |
Tamer Fouad , M.D. wrote : Hello ,
Absolutely not !
What you are experiencing is normal even if you feel its excessive .
Learn to accept your sex drive as a normal part of your existence .
It will change later , in the mean time it can become less annoying to you if you accomodate it .
Growing up is all about learning to enjoy who you are not who you should be and learning to compromise in the process .
Good luck
Im sorry but its nearly impossible for me accommodate to anything that has to do with my sex drive , I have tried to accommodate to it for years , but its groing stronger , If I beat off alot it Im still horny , if I do n't beat off
Im equally horny still and the hardons keep on picking fights with me , so i have to jerk for a long time and then Im in the circle again off excessive masturbation .
I have never got any sex with a human being , Im not currently gettin any and I never will and thats a FACT .
There must be something to solve this problem , I know you say its normal , but I do n't care about being normal , I just wanna stop being horny and stop jerking off all the time .
I 'll tell ye , Im diening over here !
This may sound like a joke to an average individual with ups and downs in there life , but my life is all about downs .
I must say this is NOT a joke .
I want my sex drive surgically removed , I do n't belive so much in medecine , thats why I would be happy with surgical removing and thats lasting .
I just want it gone , the damn sex lust has ruined me completely , its the only thing I think about , I though it would go away with age , I 'll tell ye , its just growing stronger !
I need it to be gone forever .
I just wanna be able to live without sex , is that so wrong ??
I must live without it , becuase I am one of those who do n't get to share other peoples joy .
And I can accept that , but I need my body to help me accept it as well , I think I will cut off my penis soon if it do n't PLEASE there must be something ? :(
Im sorry Im weird :(
You have got to be joking me , your parents should take away your computer .
Please . :x
installdude - Sun Jun 26 , 2005 9:08 pm Share |
I agree this is some child playing a prank .
DavidH - Fri Aug 05 , 2005 11:12 pm Share |
You may want to pay for sex ...... JMO :?:
Geilerbock - Mon Aug 22 , 2005 10:49 am Share |
I sympathize with " Mr. Too Horny " .
While I have not gotten to the point that he has , I would certainly be open to suggestions from a professional health care provide as tor how one could reduce or even eliminate sex drive .
Sincerely ,
Almost too horny
2 mad4words - Sat Nov 12 , 2005 7:19 pm Share |
In my case it interferes with normal non-sex relationships .
For all of those religious nuts out there , I 've already tried not thinking about it and I do not nor ever have felt any guilt associated with my overactive sex drive .
I was married at one time and was getting sex everyday and was n't bothered by it .
She left me for a more compliant partner .
I have seen in drug adds about some substances having negative sexual side effects . :D
Give me bad side effect drugs any day !
I have tried to overmasturbate to effectively disable the drive but I can still get it up and ejaculate after about an hour .
ahem ... when I was married it took 3 hours for me to reach the point of orgasm , but then it felt like someone was jamming a steel - bristle pipe cleaner in - and - out of my penis and another side effect was a small pain just above the base of my penis but below my navel .
Some background : I have Klinefelter 's Syndrome , and at birth my testicles did not drop in time to stop them from being sterylized by my body heat .
Any woman whom answers this will be concidered to be just seeking to remain in control through sex , coersion , ans public humiliation of a slightly disturbed man .
BTW I'm 37 .
TooHornyToo - Tue Nov 22 , 2005 7:17 pm
Share |
I 'm so horny lately my penis is a chafed wreck .
I really gotta throttle the thing since some dickhead doctors thought it was a good idea to cut my foreskin off as a child , and I 'm really sick of wasting half the day relieving being horny .
I 'd like kids someday or I 'd just chop my balls off .
I do n't want a girlfriend right now , and I do n't want to waste all the time I do being some ## # # ## animal in heat . :x
TooHornyToo - Tue Nov 22 , 2005 7:40 pm Share |
Oh yeah , and you think being back up in a hour is bad ?
I can be back up in a few minutes .
terbear - Thu Feb 02 , 2006 5:15 am Share |
you guys need girlfriends trust me they would love you for your stamina ( be glad you are n't minutemen ) :-)
hornykidAR - Mon Feb 06 , 2006 7:43 pm
Share |
Mr. Too Horny ,
I am also sympathy with you about the problem of being too horny all the time .
It is a good thing , I guess .
Who can do things like we do ?
I am telling ya' , women love the fact that we have such a strange sex drive .
Do n't be so bothered with it .
Enjoy it .
And if you think it is ruining you .. then there is a solution :
Get involved with more activities including some that will make money .
Get a second job or take more classes .
From my own experience - I get less horny whenever I have too many things to do .
After 2 or 3 days ..
I realized that I have not masturbated for that long ( I am away from my wife - she 's overseas right now , waiting on the petition to be completed ) ... then I start masturbating again .. and IT FEELS GOOD .
Conclusion :
Do n't feel bad , if you want to stop the drive .. do n't cut your balls off ..
Just find other things to do that will take up most of your time .
You 'll have a wholesome life .
Life is a sh*t without SEX , I am telling ya !
Masturbators Society Copyrighted 2006 .
Good luck !
Kczym - Wed Feb 08 , 2006 3:47 pm
Share |
I am a 40 yo male with a very healthy libido .
My wife on the other hand has zero libido .
The real problem is that she does not see her lack of libido as a problem and will not do anything about it .
I have tried and tried to get her to go to counselling or see a doctor but she does not seem to think this is a problem .
After all , she " lets " me have sex with her periodically .
But knowing that she is not into it makes it rather joyless for me .
The marriage is good in every other way .
We have 3 kids .
I do n't want to throw away my marriage over our mismatched libidos .
However , my high sex drive is leading me into riskier and riskier extramarital situations .
If I could just find a way to eliminate my libido my life would be so much easier .
I am an Atheist so please do n't suggest prayer or meditation .
I want real world solutions .
Is n't there a drug or a supplement I can take ?
I know some anti-depressants can reduce libido , but in all honesty I am not really clinically depressed .
I doubt my doctor would prescribe an anti-depressant for the express reason of diminishing my libido .
Some one please HELP me !!
ViolentRose - Fri Dec 25 , 2009 5:51 am Share |
The UK government ’s recent announcement of a significant expansion for nuclear power generation has rekindled the debate over the safe disposal of radioactive waste .
The public can be forgiven for being sceptical - the UK does not have an especially proud record in its attitude towards the treatment of waste arising from nuclear activities .
Francis Livens is professor of radiochemistry at the University of Manchester .
’ Research into nuclear waste disposal has been severely neglected in this country for the past 40 years , ’ he says .
’ Essentially the nuclear waste problem was ignored - people literally locked the door and walked away . ’
The result of this failure to face the waste problem has been an accumulation of ’ legacy ’ waste - material from some 50 years of civil and military nuclear activity .
The waste is categorised into three levels , depending on its radioactivity : high , intermediate and low .
Currently , high - and intermediate - level waste is being stored in temporary facilities ; low - level waste has a dedicated disposal facility .
The plan is that by 2040 , a deep underground waste repository for the higher activity waste will have been constructed in a location with appropriate geology .
Consultation is underway to identify such a site .
In the meantime , research into how to deal with this legacy waste is starting to pick up after many years of stagnation .
The eventual aim is to package high and intermediate level waste in a way that will prevent radionuclides from entering the environment .
This will require immobilisation of the material in a suitable matrix , such as a ceramic or cement , depending on the activity of the material , and encapsulating it , probably in stainless steel .
A number of issues need to be investigated , from the effect of highly radioactive material on the materials used for immobilisation and encapsulation , to potential routes by which the radionuclides might be re-mobilised and find their way into the environment .
Taking out the waste
Simon Biggs , of the University of Leeds , is principal investigator of a UK government - funded consortium called Diamond ( decommissioning , immobilisation and management of nuclear waste for disposal ) .
’ We are still in a bit of a grey area because we do not have a UK - based repository for long - term disposal , ’ he says .
’ This means we cannot begin the final processing for the waste we are sitting on because we do not know the geology of the repository - whether it will be dry rock or wet rock for example .
The choice of material we use to immobilise the waste is at least partially dependent on the environment it will live in for the next hundred , thousand or ten thousand years . ’
In the meantime , however , Biggs says we can make ’ pretty intelligent guesses ’ that allow researchers like him to test different types of cement , grout materials , glasses or ceramics .
’ Most of the waste will be encapsulated in stainless steel containers , so we can test different types of stainless steel under different conditions to develop a fundamental understanding that will ultimately help to speed things up , ’ he explains .
At the University of Cambridge , Ian Farnan is interested in understanding precisely how radiation damages materials that might be used to immobilise or contain nuclear waste .
’ We require materials that are extremely durable , so that even if the material comes into contact with water it will not release radioactive elements very quickly , ’ Farnan says .
’ We know that there are minerals such as zircons which in nature contain uranium and thorium and retain them for thousands of years .
These are the sorts of materials that we would want to use to guarantee that the radionuclides will stay where they are put . ’
The big issue , Farnan explains , is that in nature these minerals contain only a single per cent or so of uranium or thorium , whereas nuclear operators will want something that is able to contain nearer ten times that level of heavy alpha emitters .
The question is whether these minerals can hold on to such large amounts of radioactive material .
Deciphering radiation damage
Farnan ’s team is using magnetic resonance to probe damage caused by decaying radionuclides in mineral matrices .
One class of materials that look especially interesting are minerals based on phosphate , such as apatite .
’ In nature these have been shown to be able to hold high concentrations of radioactive alpha-emitters - between 10 and 14 per cent , ’ says Farnan .
The team made samples of apatite containing plutonium isotopes to measure the pattern and nature of damage caused .
’ When a heavy element emits an alpha particle , the nucleus of the atom recoils with extremely high energy and this recoil causes significant damage to the surrounding atomic environment , displacing thousands of nearby atoms , ’ says Farnan .
’ This destroys the crystalline lattice causing the structure to become amorphous .
But some materials are better at recrystallising than others , and phosphate - based minerals appear to be good at this .’ ( see video )
Neil Hyatt , at the University of Sheffield , is investigating radiation damage of ceramics .
His lab is using high - energy ion beams to simulate alpha recoil from actinide decay .
It is important , says Hyatt , to develop realistic simulations of radioactive decay .
His team has been using extended x-ray absorption fine structure spectroscopy ( EXAFS ) at a grazing angle to gain information about the structure of the ion-beam - amorphised surface layer without probing the undamaged interior .
’ We are getting good evidence that fast ion bombardment leads to a radiation - amorphised material which is indistinguishable from that produced by alpha decay in natural minerals , ’ says Hyatt .
’ Lots of people are doing very interesting and sophisticated molecular dynamics simulations of radiation damage in materials like zirconolite , but there is a need to map these simulations onto experimental data to show that modelled damage cascades are representative of what really happens in materials .
Combining grazing angle EXAFS and ion beam implantation is allowing us to take a systematic experimental approach to improving our fundamental understanding of radiation damage and underpin materials simulations . ’
Long term planning
The fate of radionuclides once they are within a long - term disposal facility is also a key issue .
Nick Evans at Loughborough University is investigating how uranium and technetium interact with organic residues .
’ There will be organic molecules within the repository , ’ explains Evans .
’ These could arise from decontamination agents such as EDTA [ ethylenediaminetetraacetate ] or picolinic acid ; intermediate level waste contains a large amount of cellulose in the form of tissues or lab coats or bench tops .
Cellulose degrades over time to form organic species that can complex with the radioactive species . ’
One advantage of using cement and stainless steel canisters to immobilise and contain waste is to keep the actinides in a low oxidation state and high pH environment , which stops them from moving .
However , when radionuclides complex with organic molecules they can re-dissolve and there is a danger it can be washed away and into the wider environment .
’ So we need to be able to control the pH and the [ reduction potential ] , but also understand the behaviour of all the other molecules that are present which could affect the solubility , and hence mobility , of the radionuclides , ’ says Evans .
’ If we understand how mobilisation of radionuclides might arise , then we can think of ways to mitigate the rate and quantity that might be released , to the extent that it becomes harmless to the environment . ’
So while the UK research base into nuclear waste is slowly building , there is a lot of ground to make up , according to Livens : ’ Things have improved a little over the past ten years but we are still a long way from where we should be , particularly if you look at countries such as Switzerland , Germany , France and the US .
In recent years we have recognised where we do not have relevant expertise , and that is a first step towards dealing with these pressing problems .
We are starting at a very low base along what will be a long and complex journey . ’
Simon Hadlington
Interesting ?
Spread the word using the ’ tools ’ menu on the left .
Also of interest
Atomic inspection for nuclear waste storage A new technique tracks the structural damage nuclear waste inflicts on its storage material .
Go ahead for UK national nuclear lab New research hub to safeguard skills for nuclear revival
Sulfide sponge could clean up nuclear waste Metal sulfide removes radioactive strontium from a mix of ions
Update :
We 're just going by the email , but a reader responds : " This is not accurate .
They can not say no .
There is no veto .
Volunteers will not be denied .
Managers most certainly do not have right of refusal for their employees who volunteer . "
Earlier : Here 's a weird detail about AOL 's layoffs : Employees have to apply to be fired -- and its not guaranteed their bosses will say yes .
Yesterday , AOL CEO Tim Armstrong told workers the company needs 2,500 employees to quit the company before it spins off in December .
He said that if 2,500 do n't step forward , AOL will reach the number through involuntary layoffs in Q1 2010 .
Employees that quit now will get a much better severance than those who get fired later .
Here 's a chart AOL sent employees to demonstrate how much of a better deal :
But just because an AOL employee likes the offer , does n't mean they 'll get it in the end .
AOL 's email to employees yesterday read : " Employees will receive an email from the Company between December 16 , 2009 and January 1 , 2010 , notifying them of their acceptance into the program . "
So yeah , you have to tell your boss you do n't want to work for him or her anymore , but then you might get stuck working for them anyway .
Of course this makes sense on some level .
After all , AOL does n't want to lose more than ( or the wrong ) 2,500 people .
But as one reader who noticed the detail wrote : " How awkward is that ?? ? "
Directory of Department of Education High Schools in 2020
This data is collected for the purposes of providing families and students with information about NYC DOE high schools for the purposes of admissions .
Each record represents one high school .
Find the best public school in New York City by School name , School address , School number , Borough , Graduation rate , Attendance rate , College Career Rate , Enough Variety or Safety .
List of 427 Public High Schools in New York .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 November 27
The Jets of NGC 1097
Credit & Copyright : Robert Gendler
Explanation : Enigmatic spiral galaxy NGC 1097 lies about 45 million light - years away in the southern constellation Fornax .
The small companion galaxy , just below and left of center , that seems to be wrapped in its spiral arms , is not NGC 1097 's most peculiar feature though .
Instead ,
This very deep exposure shows hints of faint , mysterious jets , most easily seen to extend well beyond the bright arms toward the lower right .
In fact , four faint jets are ultimately recognized in optical images of NGC 1097 .
The jets trace an X centered on the galaxy 's nucleus , but could be fossil trails left over from the capture of a much smaller galaxy in the large spiral 's ancient past .
A Seyfert galaxy , NGC 1097 's nucleus also harbors a massive black hole .
UPTON , NY -- Scientists at the U.S. Department of Energy's ( DOE ) Brookhaven National Laboratory have identified a novel enzyme responsible for the formation of suberin -- the woody , waxy , cell - wall substance found in cork .
While effective at keeping wine inside a bottle , suberin's most important function in plants is to control water and nutrient transportation and keep pathogens out .
Adjusting the permeability of plant tissues by genetically manipulating the expression of this enzyme could lead to easier agricultural production of crops used for biofuels .
The research , led by Brookhaven biologists Chang - Jun Liu and Jin-Ying Gou , will be published online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences the week of October 19 , 2009 .
Normal seeds and seeds deficient in HHT
Click on the image to download a high - resolution version .
These images show that seeds deficient in HHT ( right ) , an enzyme needed to synthesize an important component of plant cell walls , are more permeable to a red dye than normal plant seeds ( left ) .
Controlling the level of this enzyme may offer scientists a new way to alter plant growth for improved biofuel production .
Plants use different polymers in constructing cell walls , each with unique qualities essential for growth and survival .
Suberin , the polymer analyzed in this study , is mostly located in the cell walls of seed and root systems .
It moderates the substances that pass into the organism , acting as a barrier to harmful substances and microorganisms while facilitating the intake and storage of water and other nutrients .
" We sought to understand the synthesis of the ' wall - bound ' phenolic component of different biopolymers , including this important suberin polymer , by identifying the enzymes responsible for their construction , " said Liu .
This information could eventually be used to modify plants for agricultural purposes , including improved biomass production .
" Knowing which enzymes do what may allow the properties of polymers to be tailored for specific purposes through either plant breeding or genetic engineering , " Liu explained .
In this experiment , Liu and colleagues analyzed a strain of Arabidopsis ( a common experimental plant ) that had been genetically modified to disrupt the expression of a gene that codes for an enzyme now known as hydroxyacid hydroxycinnamoyltransferase ( HHT ) .
Chemical analysis showed that " knocking out " the HHT gene led to a deficiency of suberin phenolics , indicating that HHT is the enzyme responsible for biosynthesis of the polymer .
Liu and his colleagues then isolated the gene and expressed it in bacteria to further characterize its function .
The team also demonstrated that the HHT - deficient plants were much more permeable to salt in solution than their wild - type counterparts .
This finding , together with the ubiquitous presence of suberin in plant root tissues that control water and salt uptake , suggests that suberin plays an important role in the adaptation of plants to their terrestrial habitats .
Harnessing the mechanism responsible for suberin production might therefore allow scientists to create crop breeds tailored to thrive in specific -- even harsh -- environments , an important milestone on the road toward economically efficient biofuel production .
" Identifying the key biosynthetic enzymes and understanding suberin production may be particularly important for growing plants on the marginal soils that have been proposed for use in farming bioenergy crops , " Liu said .
For example , if certain breeds can be created that are more adept at absorbing and storing water and nutrients , the crops could be farmed in much drier climates -- maybe even the desert .
In addition , the team 's finding that modifications in suberin phenolic production can alter plants ' tolerance to salt suggests that the newly - identified gene might be used to generate crops able to grow under salty conditions .
These approaches to biofuel agriculture would leave more - fertile land open for food crops , helping to strike a much - needed balance between the nutrition and energy needs of the world .
Synergistic studies
Liu also studies the biosynthesis of lignin , the polymer mostly responsible for strength in plant cell walls .
His work confirms that suberin polyphenolics and lignin -- two structurally distinct but functionally relevant cell - wall polymers -- share the same biosynthetic precursors but are produced using different enzymes .
A coordinated effort to modify both polymers could potentially make plants easier to digest for the production of biofuels , while , at the same time , redirecting photosynthetic carbon to improve carbon - sequestration efforts .
Liu 's group is currently engaged in proof - of - concept experiments to demonstrate this approach .
###
This research was funded by the DOE - United States Department of Agriculture Plant Feedstock Genomics program and by DOE 's Office of Science .
Here are five of the funniest Woods gags posted online so far .
You can suggest your own favourites in the comment box below :
" THE JEFF DUNHAM SHOW " SCORES ALL - TIME COMEDY CENTRAL � RECORD WITH 5.3 MILLION TOTAL VIEWERS TUNING IN TO THE OCTOBER 22 PREMIERE Series Also Notches Highest - Rated And Most - Watched Premiere Among Adults 18 - 49 In Network 's History With 2.6 A18- 49 Ratings And 3 Million A18 - 49 Viewers 7.9 Million Viewers Watched The " Dunham " Premiere And Replays On Thursday Night " The Jeff Dunham Show " Was The Most - Watched Show In Cable For Thursday Prime Among Total Viewers , As Well As The Highest - Rated And Most - Viewed Show In Cable For Thursday Prime Among Adults 18 - 49 , Men 18 - 34 And Men 18-24 COMEDY CENTRAL Also Recorded Its Highest - Rated And Most - Watched Night Of The Year NEW YORK , October 23 , 2009 -- On an extremely competitive night in television against Game 5 of the American League Championship Series , featuring teams from the top two media markets , and facing off opposite original episodes of " Grey 's Anatomy , " " CSI , " and the " The Office , " the series premiere of COMEDY CENTRAL's " The Jeff Dunham Show " bowed at 9:00 p.m. on the all - comedy channel and proceeded to break the network 's all - time records for a series premiere among total viewers ( 5.3 million ) , Adults 18 - 49 rating ( 2.6 ) and Adult 18 - 49 viewers ( 3 million ) .
The premiere ( Thursday , 9:00 - 9:30 p.m. ) was the most - watched show in cable for Thursday prime among total viewers , as well as the highest - rated and most - watched show in cable for Thursday prime among Adults 18 - 49 , Men 18 - 34 and Men 18 - 24 .
The stellar performance of the premiere , which was seen by an aggregate of nearly 8 million total viewers on Thursday night ( including replays ) , led COMEDY CENTRAL to its highest - rated and most - watched night of the year .
Encore presentations of " The Jeff Dunham Show " include tonight at 9:00 p.m. , Saturday at 2:00 p.m. , Sunday at 10:30 p.m. , Monday at 7:00 p.m. , Tuesday at midnight and Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. ( all times ET / PT ) .
" The Jeff Dunham Show " is a new half - hour comedy - reality show from Levity Entertainment starring ventriloquist - comedian Jeff Dunham .
The series features Dunham and his hilarious cast of characters :
Walter , the cranky curmudgeon ; Achmed the Dead Terrorist , a skeleton with serious anger issues ; " Boobs and Beer " Bubba J ; Jos� Jalape�o on a Stick , the talking pepper ; fame - hungry purple Peanut and Melvin , a superhero with no powers .
Dunham and his pals perform in front of a live studio audience as well as interact on location with real people .
The series is the first part of a wide - ranging , fully - integrated , multi- platform initiative that COMEDY CENTRAL signed earlier this year with Dunham that also includes a stand - up special , major - market stand - up tour , DVDs and a consumer products partnership .
His one - hour COMEDY CENTRAL Original Stand - Up Special will air in early fall 2010 , with COMEDY CENTRAL Home Entertainment and Levity producing and distributing DVDs of both the series and stand - up special , as well as a colossal , nationwide COMEDY CENTRAL Live stand - up concert tour with over 60 performances .
The tour kicks off September 2010 and a major consumer products partnership in conjunction with the series and the tour will also hit the marketplace in 2010 .
Each of the deal 's elements will feature unique components for reaching the COMEDY CENTRAL audience wherever it lives .
This deal also opens the door to future digital projects with Dunham and comedycentral.com .
Credits for " The Jeff Dunham Show " include Jeff Dunham , Ross McCall , Aaron Peters , Judi Brown - Marmel , Robert Hartmann and Stu Schreiberg as executive producers and Gary Mann and Monika Zielinska as executives in charge of production for COMEDY CENTRAL .
Long - time writing collaborator , Jeff Rothpan , serves as supervising producer .
" The Jeff Dunham Show " series is being sponsored by Subway with the debut episode was sponsored by Geico .
Recent media stories have chronicled in great detail the events of the last couple of years .
A pair of conclusions might be fairly drawn from these early drafts of history .
One is that the financial - market turmoil of the last year proved to be of significant consequence to the economy .
The second is that the Federal Reserve distinguished itself from historical analogues by taking extraordinary actions to address risks to the economy .
Commentators , however , tend to disagree as to whether the extraordinary actions undertaken were to the good or the detriment of the U.S. economy in the long - run .
As ...
An unexpected tribute to Leonardo da Vinci 's incomparable work of art lies in the lobby of PC maker Asus ' headquarters in Taiwan .
It 's a Mona Lisa collage created from old motherboards and computer chips .
It 's no patch on the real thing but is still an amazing work of geek art .
Asus designers reportedly dreamed up this Mona Lisa .
The work represents two things : a reminder of the technology that Asus built its fortune on and the company 's ethos to encourage and support " any kind of crazy ideas . "
The Mona Lisa in its digital glory
A close - up of the collage
Photos : ( Alex Watson / Flickr )
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Bryan Cranston , Bryan Cranston interview , Breaking Bad , Malcom in the Middle
Interviews Home / TV Home / Bullz - Eye Home
If you ’ve watched Bryan Cranston ’s performance as Walter H. White on AMC ’s “ Breaking Bad ” over the course of its first two seasons , then you know that the man is a phenomenal actor .
What you are about to learn , however , is that he ’s also a hell of an interview .
Cranston chatted with Bullz - Eye in connection with the series ’ appearance in the latest TV Power Rankings as one of the shows we ’re most excited to see return in 2010 , and in addition to taking a look back at the evolution of Walt over the course of Seasons 1 and 2 , he also gave us a few ideas about what we can expect when “ Breaking Bad ” returns in March of next year .
Be sure to stick around ‘ til the end of the chat , though : you wo n’t want to miss his reminiscences of his first - ever TV role …on “ CHiPs . ”
Bullz - Eye : Hey , Bryan , how are you ?
Bryan Cranston : I ’m good , man !
How are you ?
BE : I ’m good .
We met very briefly at the TCA Awards .
BC : Ah , yes , I remember the TCAs , my friend …
BE : Many people who were there do not , so I guess it depends on how late you stay .
So you ’ve long since started back to work for Season 3 , is that right ?
BC : Oh , yeah .
We …God , I left …well , actually , the Awards was the last day of July , I think , and I left the following day to go up to New Mexico .
And we ’re here now , in the middle of our eighth episode , with five more after this .
And , yeah , it ’s going very well , and …you know , what ’s interesting is that it ’s even different from our second season , which is different from our first season .
It ’s almost like this show is like a moving target .
You ca n’t really pin it down .
BE : I think that ’s fair to say .
BC : Yeah , it keeps changing and evolving , even for us !
BE : Well , actually , that ’s funny , because my first question was going to involve asking about the evolution of Walt over the course of Season 2 .
It was considerable , though I guess to say that it was a for - better - or - worse situations would be apropos .
" In the history of television , it ’s never been done before : to introduce a character with one set of circumstances and conditions , get to know that guy and who he is and how he thinks and how he walks and talks , and completely change him .
And so ( Vince Gilligan ) had to think , ' What are the elements that would be necessary to be in play that would allow that justifiably to happen ? "
BC : Yeah , he is a guy … I mean , in the first season , we pretty much explored the newness of his decision and tickled the idea of where it might take him , and in Season two , we really dug in and investigated the ramifications of this decision and how he ’s living now that he ’s made this choice and he ’s gone past the point of no return .
And , now , in Season 3 , we ’re going through a whole other phase of having him become a more savvy businessman and understanding the parameters more clearly of this new business that he is in , like it or not , and how he has to behave at times in order to be successful .
We ’re watching this man change before our eyes , and he ’s on track to do exactly what Vince Gilligan wanted him to do , and that is …from the beginning of the series to the end of the series , we ’re going to watch a metamorphosis of a person from one type of guy to completely change his personality and his characteristics to become another person .
Which is what ultimately fascinated me about the project and why I was so desperately on board with this .
( Laughs )
BE : So how deeply did Vince paint the character of Walt when he first pitched the show to you ?
I mean , did he give you kind of a general outline of where he was going to take him ?
BC : Yes .
What I first had was the pilot episode , which …
I think we held really true to the script , and so that ’s what I was introduced to .
That very first page was a middle - aged guy wearing a respirator , driving madly in an R.V. , only wearing his tidy - whitey underwear ; next to him , another man , slumped over , wearing a respirator , out cold ; behind them , two dead bodies , sliding back and forth in a sea of chemicals .
And I ’m going , “ What the fuck is going on ? ”
It ’s , like , “ Oh , my GOD ! ”
And it ’s that smack - you - in - the - face kind of thing that got my attention quickly , and I could n’t wait to get through the whole thing to see how he possibly justifies this experience .
And he does .
He carefully goes back and measures how it ’s conceivable that someone could find themselves in that position .
And that ’s the kind of care Vince Gilligan has taken throughout this experience .
So when I first met with him , it was not only talking about that , but also about where he ’s going , and that ’s when he told me what was not evident in the script of the pilot episode .
But he told me he wants to do something that ’s never been done before .
And in the history of television , it ’s never been done before : to introduce a character with one set of circumstances and conditions , get to know that guy and who he is and how he thinks and how he walks and talks , and completely change him .
And so he had to think , “ What are the elements that would be necessary to be in play that would allow that justifiably to happen ? ”
And so he ’s planting all of these things in his way , and it ’s just fascinating to me !
Hopefully , we ’ll be able to go the duration and tell our story over the course of ….
I ’m hoping five years , or maybe even six .
BE : One of our editors said that , during the last season , Walt had “ become a dick ” …
BC : All right !
BE : ( Laughs ) … in the way he had treated Jesse and his family .
Do you think he ’s still a likable character at this point ?
BC : Well , it ’s never …well , again , if you are attempting to do something that ’s never been done on television , then you have to throw out all of those rules , including the rule that you have to be a likable character .
The responsibility that we ’ve established here is that we will be honest characters .
We will give you an honest portrayal , given the set of circumstances , of how these people behave , and if we do our job right , then we are portraying them as whole individuals with some good points and some bad points to them .
Some vulnerability and some aggression .
Some ignorance and some intelligence .
And , so , it ’s a whole full meal .
So we ’re not so concerned with maintaining that he is a likable character .
All we hope to do is to present him honestly , so that people can root for him or against him but ultimately understand him .
That ’s what we ’re looking for .
BE : Well , accepting those parameters , do you personally think that he ’s still likable ?
Understanding that he does n’t have to be .
BC : I do n’t know .
It ’s not for me to decide , you know ?
I … I mean , when I get into Walt ’s head , he certainly does n’t care or wonder if he thinks he ’s likable .
He ’s just doing what he feels he needs to do , and he ’s doing it for altruistic reasons that he holds tightly to .
BE : Do you think there was any moment during the course of the second season where even he hesitated , where he thought , “ Maybe I have crossed a line here ” ?
BC : Oh , yeah .
Oh , he ’s a smart man , and I think that if he took off the blinders for a second , he would probably desperately try to figure his way out of this .
But the interesting thing about it , though , is that he also is being seduced by this lifestyle .
He ’s never been in this position before .
He ’s in a position of power .
He has adrenaline pumping in his veins .
He ’s got some money in his pocket .
He feels like a man , for the first time in his adult life .
He ’s never intimidated anyone before .
Now he has .
It ’s an unbelievably seductive situation that he finds himself in , this power that he has , and so he subconsciously is investigating some darker sides to him .
Ego .
What it feels like to be dangerous .
And I think it ’s interesting .
I think it also points out …well , it really pointed out to me , playing him , that , man , given the right set of circumstances , anyone can be dangerous , even the meekest among us .
BE : Based on just the way you talk about it , it ’s clear that playing this role has the adrenaline pumping through your veins .
Which stands to reason , of course .
It ’s quite a role .
BC : Oh , it ’s the role of a lifetime .
I do n’t know that I ’ll be able to top this .
I ’m not looking to top this .
I ’m looking to experience this completely and have the experience and own it and enjoy it and , like any good experience , it has to end .
And when it ends , I want to be able to look back and say , “ I lived it , man .
I did n’t leave anything .
That character , that show … I wrung it out .
And now it ’s time to hang it up and walk away and be proud of what we were able to accomplish . ”
On Jane 's death : " At one moment , I saw this beautiful young girl lying there , dead , and my own daughter flashed in my head , and it just scared me .
It just gave me that moment that any parent would feel is their worst nightmare .
It ’s not the natural order of things .
It ’s one of those things you pray about : ' Let me have a nice long life … and let me die before my child .
Please do n’t put me through that . ' ”
BE : I talked to Krysten Ritter a couple of weeks ago …
BC : Oh , yeah !
BE : … and as it stands right now , she says that “ Breaking Bad ” remains the best experience she ’s had in her career .
BC : Wow .
Of course , she ’s very young … ( Laughs )
BE : Well , sure .
( Laughs )
But , of course , she did have a heck of a role herself , and the character of Jane certainly had to suffer through a harsh fate .
Was that one of those moments where you read the script and thought , “ Wow , this is incredible … and , wow , this is dark ” ?
BC : Oh , yeah .
It was dark even playing it .
And at one moment , I saw this beautiful young girl lying there , dead , and my own daughter flashed in my head , and it just scared me .
It just gave me that moment that any parent would feel is their worst nightmare , to see …it ’s not the natural order of things .
It ’s one of those things you pray about : “ Let me have a nice long life … and let me die before my child .
Please do n’t put me through that . ”
BE : I ’ve got a 4 - year - old daughter , so I understand .
BC : Oh , yeah .
And it ’s an amazing experience , is n’t it ?
It ’s an amazing depth of love …and for men , especially .
And I think this is why I related to this character and why I believe most men can : it ’s like we have an innate sense of responsibility .
Not so much before you have a child … I mean , you take care of yourself , and you have that responsibility to take care of your bills or whatever , but it ’s not until you get married and you have this child that you go , “ Okay , now I need to do this , and I want to do that , and this going to be set up , and I ’m going to do this , ” and you …I do n’t know , it gets very animalistic , I guess .
We ’re foraging , right ?
We ’re going out , we ’re hunting … and Walt is going out and hunting right now .
He wants to make sure that he has plenty of meat … ( Laughs ) … for his family after he ’s dead .
It ’s a very animalistic but very understandable condition for men to get to , so it was n’t very difficult for me to get into that headspace .
And to see Krysten lying there …?
( Exhales audibly )
She did such a wonderful job on the show , and it was unfortunate that it came to an end , because I think it was such a rich character that was developing .
But that ’s what makes the show that much more shocking : you spend time with someone , you get to know them , you see their struggles , you get to like them and care about them , and there ’s the two of them together , and then , all of a sudden , BAM !
Life intersects .
And you go , “ Wow , it is that delicate , is n’t it ? ”
BE : You spoke of the foraging mentality .
I guess that makes it a little easier to rationalize why Walt would ’ve missed his daughter ’s birth to do the big meth deal , but I would guess that , as the father of a daughter yourself , that would ’ve been interesting to play … and not necessarily in a good way .
BC : Mmm .
It ’s painful .
I mean , I ’m here in New Mexico and my daughter and wife are in California , and I knew that when I took this job , there was going to be a sacrifice .
And I handed the script to Robin , my wife , and I said , “ And before you read this , know that it shoots in New Mexico . ”
And she read it , and I was looking at her read it …and read it …and she read it all the way through .
And I say that because it ’s rare to read something all the way through .
Usually , you put it down , you go make some tea , you read some more , you make a phone call , you read some more .
But when something is this compelling , you ’re into it .
And she read it all the way through , and she looked at me , tossed the script back , and she said , “ Shit . ”
Because she knew that this was a role that I had to go for .
I had to do this .
It was a huge part of me .
And , quite frankly , it is true to my life .
I was an actor long before I met my wife and got married and had a child , and my daughter wants to be an actor .
She ’s actually in our first episode of our third season .
I cast her in a role that ’s perfect for her , and she did a marvelous job .
And , so , this is good experience for her , that we are , as our tradition is , truly vagabonds , that we need to travel and get into the wagon and go to the next town .
( Laughs )
We put on our play , and we pass the hat .
It ’s changed considerably since then , of course , but the origins are still kind of there , and they still apply .
BE : Well , to further talk of marriage , can Walt do anything to save his , or has that ship sailed ?
And , mind you , I know you ’ll have to choose your words carefully , since you ’ve already filmed eight episodes .
BC : Yes , but it ’s the one thing that he ’s agonized over , and he certainly understands …he truly feels dogmatically that , if Skyler finds out what he ’s doing , everything ’s lost .
Everything ’s over .
It ’s done .
And he just valiantly holds onto that belief .
( Hesitates )
Well , I ’ll tell you this : in the first episode of our third season , she finds out .
And everything unravels .
And , now , he ’s got to try and pick up the pieces and get it back together again and hold on , and it ’s just …he feels like he ’s adrift in the sea .
BE : As far as Season 2 goes , I have to tell you , nothing says “ quality television ” like a shot of a charred pink teddy bear .
" When ' Malcolm in the Middle ' was over , I was looking for a drama more than a comedy … but if it was a comedy that came up , it would have to be as well - written as ' Malcolm ' was , and it would have to be a different kind of character than I played on that show .
That ’s harder to come by .
In drama , there were more opportunities , more options for me , and when I read this , it was just , ' Good night , Nurse !
I ’m going after this sucker ! ' "
BC : Was n’t that something ?
Yeah , when they started writing the second season , they knew .
They came up with that idea that it was all going to lead toward that ending , and so they had to then …once they realized what they wanted to do , Vince and his writing staff , they had to go backwards and justifiably get us all to that place .
How would that work ?
How would we get to that place ?
But that ’s not the device of the show .
Again , it ’s a moving target .
We do n’t do that in the third season .
It ’s completely different .
It feels different .
It expands in a different way , in a different area .
New characters come into play that …it ’s just interesting , odd choices , and it ’s , like , he ’s such a brilliantly unique man , and to figure out how he thinks … ?
I do n’t know if you ’ve ever met Vince in person …
BE : Briefly , yeah .
BC : He ’s so unassuming .
He ’s just this sweet kind of Mr. Chips guy , with his glasses .
He ’s from Virginia , he ’s a straight - and - narrow kind of guy .
( Affects a Southern accent ) “ Yes , ma’am , I ’ll have some iced tea , please . ” ( Laughs )
And you ’re , like , “ Wow , this guy ?
This guy writes that ?
Are you kidding me ? ”
BE : As a Virginian , I ’m not surprised .
( Laughs )
BC : Oh , are you , really ?
BE : Yep .
I ’m sitting in Chesapeake , VA , right now .
BC : Wow !
Yeah , he ’s very proud of his state , and I think … you know , I think that ’s where the colloquialism of “ breaking bad ” came from : his family and his experience in growing up in the South .
BE : So how quickly into the third season do we find out the identity of the bodies that we saw in the finale ?
Or do we ?
BC : Well , to be fair , we do n’t .
That was just the tease that they were doing to give the audience a little mislead , to think that there was going to be some kind of murder and mayhem , and what it really is is the unfortunate victims of the airplane crash .
But what happens in the first episode is that Walt finds out …he discovers his culpability in the airplane crash , because at first he does n’t realize that he has any relationship to it whatsoever .
BE : So how was it working with Bob Odenkirk ?
Had you ever worked with him on anything before ?
BC : No. ( Laughs )
He ’s fun !
Yeah , he ’s got a great role .
I love the role of Saul , and to his credit , he has really brought that character alive , because you never know .
I mean , you have an idea , you have a concept of what you want to do and how you want to present it , but you present it and then it may not be performed to its completion or fully , so then you diminish the character and change it and go onto another area , or you put the emphasis on something else .
And with Bob , he has embodied that guy , Saul , and so they ’ve written more for him .
He ’s certainly come back , and he ’s become this guy , this interesting … guy .
( Laughs )
And he ’s a lot of fun to watch .
BE : He ’s another guy who was known far more for comedy than drama , though he ’s certainly managed to throw some dramatic elements into his performance .
BC : Yeah , he certainly remains …he has a comic sensibility to Saul Goodman now , and I think that ’s what fun about the show .
We do have purposeful comedy in it , but there are no jokes .
I mean , it comes out of the character and the true relationships to the others and the conditions that they find themselves in .
BE : Obviously , you went from “ Malcolm in the Middle , ” and when the show first started , it looked like it was going to be a dark comedy , but it quickly became evident that there was going to be some hard drama in the show .
How was that transition for you as an actor ?
BC : Comfortable .
You know , as an actor , the more you can do , the more opportunities for work you have , so if you just do drama , you ’re cutting out a huge section of entertainment that you ’re not going to be open to .
And , so , before “ Malcolm in the Middle , ” I did a lot of drama , and before that , I did comedy , and before that …I ’ve always gone back and forth , and I ’ve always respected people who can .
Like Jack Lemmon , who seemed to be able to blend easily to either arena .
I think that ’s the goal of most actors : to be able to do a multitude of things and not just one kind of character .
I certainly do n’t want to do one guy , and when “ Malcolm ” was over , I was looking for a drama more than a comedy … but if it was a comedy that came up , it would have to be as well - written as “ Malcolm ” was , and it would have to be a different kind of character than I played on that show .
That ’s harder to come by .
In drama , there were more opportunities , more options for me , and when I read this , it was just , “ Good night , Nurse !
I ’m going after this sucker ! ” ( Laughs )
But it was easy … in a sense .
I mean , I worked with Vince 10 years ago on “ The X - Files , ” and he remembered me from that episode .
And that ’s how he knew he wanted to see me for this role .
And he was a champion for me to get this role from the very beginning .
BE : So how hard did you have to press him to get a shot behind the camera ?
Obviously , you ’d had experience from “ Malcolm , ” and I know you did your own film , “ Last Chance , ” as well as a few other TV episodes .
BC : I did n’t direct any or ask to direct any in the first season , because I knew that this role was going to be very demanding , and I wanted to make sure that , if I did miss it , then I would know after the first season .
And , also , I would know whether or not I was physically and emotionally capable of doing this demanding role as an actor , but also then accepting that in triplicate as the director of an episode .
So I just wanted to make sure .
And then I assessed it after this first season was over , and I thought , “ You know , I do miss it , and I think I know this character well enough that I think I can do it . ”
So I asked to be able to do it , and they granted that request for the first episode of the second season .
And then they asked me if I wanted to continue in the third season , so I directed the first episode of the third season .
And we ’ll just take it season by season .
I ’m only able to direct an episode where I ’m not in production , so that I have a week to prep for it , and so that really only leaves the first episodes .
BE : The process of Walt ’s evolution as a character … obviously , Vince is the main man , but how involved are you in that process ?
Does he talk stuff over with you , or is it just a case of him saying , “ Okay , fasten your seatbelt , because this is what you ’re going to be doing this season ” ?
BC : It ’s more like that .
( Laughs )
It ’s more like the latter .
But it ’s not without my input .
I had tremendous input in the very beginning in creating the character .
I remember that I expressed that I thought he should be a little chunky , and that his hair should always look like he needs a trim .
I just always thought that he was an invisible person , to himself and to society , so I thought that his clothes should be beige and tope and sand - colored , and I think he should wear glasses and have this silly moustache that looks impotent , and he should have makeup that takes out any ruddiness , so that he just blends into the wall .
A person that you would n’t give a second thought to , or you ’d walk right past him on the street and would n’t even notice that you passed a person .
That ’s who I thought that guy was .
So we worked on that , and the character and what he ’s holding onto , as an actor , I said , “ It ’s this sense that I need to provide for my family . ”
And Vince has always said , “ Oh , it gets under your skin early on , and you like it .
You love it . ”
And I go , “ Yeah , but it ’s for my family . ”
And he says , “ Okay , whatever you need to tell yourself . ” ( Laughs )
He ’s going , “ This guy , he ’s opened a Pandora ’s box here . ”
Which is true .
And he ’s taking us for this ride of this man exploring his emotional journey .
BE : Can you speak to any of the guest stars that we ’ll be seeing in the third season ?
Obviously , the show is driven predominantly by its main cast , who else is being added to the mix ?
BC : We still have Giancarlo Esposito as our drug dealer .
We have Jonathan Banks as Saul Goodman ’s private investigator .
Um …yeah , we do n’t have a huge guest cast , or stars coming in .
We do have some visitors from the cartel coming up for the third season , and they stay awhile and change the game a little bit .
A lot bit .
( Laughs )
Yeah , it ’s an interesting web .
It ’s certainly intricate and detailed .
Tess Harper and Michael Bofshever are returning as Jesse ’s parents .
Jere Burns does a guest starring role , and he comes back and does another one .
Who else ?
Maybe a couple of other ones , but I ca n’t really think of anyone else right now .
BE : And before we go , I just wanted to ask you about a couple of other things you ’ve done .
First off , I think virtually everyone who knew that I was going to be talking to you today wanted me to tell you how awesome you were in “ Malcolm in the Middle . ”
BC : Oh , that ’s nice .
BE : One in particular , however , wanted me to ask if you had any idea how often you were going to have to get naked when you took the part .
BC : Which part ?
( Laughs )
Because I ’m also naked a lot on this show !
And it ’s odd for me , because it ’s not like anyone ’s going to say … I mean , I am indeed a sex symbol to all of the octogenarians out there .
For my age group , octogenarians are my cougars .
( Laughs )
But … I do n’t know , it was just right and funny .
I found the core emotion for Hal on “ Malcolm in the Middle ” was fear .
He was fearful of everything .
Of being fired , of being a bad husband , of being a failure as a provider , a father …everything .
So that was a great jumping - off point for everything that happened to him and by him in that series .
He was just a fearful man .
And he was also really a man-boy , because he was as much of a little kid as his kids .
So that ’s why I decided to wear the tidy - whiteys on that show : because it just seemed like an extension of being a boy .
He never really grew up .
And this show , in “ Breaking Bad , ” it was in the script that he wrote tidy - whiteys , and initially I told Vince , “ You know , I just spent seven years in tidy - whiteys . ”
And he said , “ Oh , that ’s right !
I did n’t realize that .
Maybe I wrote it subliminally with that in mind .
But go ahead , you can change it . ”
So I said , “ Okay , thanks , ” and I went to Wardrobe , and I ’m looking at all the underwear , thinking , “ What kind of underwear would Walt wear ? ”
And I see boxers here and boxers there , and …there ’s not much choice for men , really .
( Laughs ) I mean , it ’s boxers .
Boxers or briefs .
And I did n’t really see him as a briefs guy , but boxers just seemed too… normal .
And I kept looking back at the tidy - whiteys and wondering , “ What was in Vince ’s mind when he wrote that ?
Why was he thinking that way ? ”
And he said , “ I do n’t know ! ” ( Laughs )
So I had to find out what was a good reasoning for that , and I just kept looking back at that , and I justified it by saying , “ You know , I think this will work , because in Walt ’s case , it represents stunted growth . ”
At a certain point , he stopped caring .
He does n’t care about his appearance or looks or being stylish , and it ’s evident by the Wallabies and the Chinos and the hair … back when I had hair .
Everything .
So I thought , “ This ’ll be good . ”
And it ’s just funny .
Tidy - whiteys , for some reason , are just funny .
And so it seemed to work for him as well .
BE : What ’s your favorite project that you ’ve worked on that did n’t get the love you thought it deserved ?
BC : Hmmm .
I guess my movie “ Last Chance , ” that I wrote and directed , I really enjoyed .
It was my first directorial job and , quite frankly , was just done on a shoestring budget .
People say , “ How did you know when you were done editing ? ” I said , “ That was easy : when I ran out of money , I was done . ” ( Laughs )
And that was true !
You know , there are things about that simple tale that I wish I could ’ve done differently , but that ’s what art is all about .
You look at paintings , and …how does an artist know when that painting is done ?
And , believe me , the agonizing part of being an artist is that you really do n’t know .
And sometimes it ’s outside forces that say it ’s done .
Or you just get sick of it and ca n’t look at it anymore because you do n’t know what else to do , and you get frustrated .
But I think “ Last Chance ” was an interesting tale .
It ’s the story of someone who does n’t believe that they have any hope left in their life , and when an opportunity presents itself , will you even recognize it ?
Do you take advantage of it ?
Do you ignore it ?
So it was all about that , and about hope , and taking your last chance if it ’s offered .
BE : I just wanted to say that you were awesome on “ Thank God You ’re Here . ”
The show might not have lasted long , but you definitely made an impression .
BC : Oh , thanks !
Yeah , I do n’t know why that show did n’t work .
It seemed like a fun kind of thing .
I enjoyed it .
It was nerve - wracking , but I ultimately had fun with it .
BE : And , lastly , I ’m just curious if you remember anything about your first TV appearance , on “ CHiPs . ” ( Laughs )
BC : Yeah , I remember … that I had this ridiculously bad Southern accent .
( Affects overwrought accent ) I was talkin’ like this , almost like Gomer Pyle ! ( Laughs )
And , y’know , they do n’t really care .
It ’s not very discerning .
It was n’t a good show , like a lot of those shows back then were n’t good .
“ Murder , She Wrote ” and things like that .
I did ‘em all because you ’re an actor and you need to pay your rent , and for your pictures and resumes and your acting classes and things like that .
You work because you need to work , and I did n’t really have much judgment on it back then , because you get offered a job and you take it .
But I worked with a Playboy Bunny on that .
Her name was Kathy Shower .
Pretty girl .
She and Erik Estrada , they found each other very interesting .
They were very fond of each other , shall we say .
During , uh , lunch and stuff .
( Laughs )
And I was , like , “ Okay , whatever . ”
You know , it was …the wild and wooly ‘ 80s .
It was a wild time .
It was that “ me ” generation , and there was a lot of stuff going on that …I remember one time doing an audition , and the callback was on a Saturday , at a major studio .
And I walked into there , and there were only , like , three guys , and we were spaced out like an hour and a half apart , so we never even saw the other two guys who were up for this role .
And nobody else was there on this weekend , and I remember walking into this room , and there was cocaine lined up on the glass table .
And the director ’s , like , all hopped up , and goes … ( Snorts ) “ Hey , man , oh , hey , glad to have you back .
Hey , want a hit ? ”
And I go , “ Uh , no , I ’m okay , that ’s all right . ”
It was definitely crazy .
Crazy times .
And out of crazy times , some bad shows were created .
( Laughs ) I do n’t know , it was an interesting , odd experience when I look back on it .
I do n’t think I had much of a thought about it when I was doing it , but now I look back and I go , “ Wow , weird stuff . ”
BE : ( Laughs )
You ’ve come so far .
: Thank God ! ( Laughs ) I do n’t think I ’d want to go back .
Some people say , “ Oh , I ’d love to go back and do this over again and do that right . ” I would n’t .
I like where I am right now .
I would n’t change anything .
I am despondent .
I was just told by staff there that the Grape Vine Market location in
Austin is closing .
This makes me really sad ; ever since I moved into the Crestview neighborhood , it has been one of my favorite places to buy alcohol .
Great whiskey selection , tons of wine , amazing beer offerings , and very good customer service .
I also have a Spec 's equal distance from my house , which has really cheap prices ( which I suspect is why Grape Vine is closing ) , but the selection just is n't quite as good as GVM , and the staff does n't seem quite as knowledgeable .
The silver lining : The Austin location is having a liquidation sale beginning Monday , so this would be the time to go grab that really expensive Belgian ale or fancy bottle of scotch you 've been wanting .
Leptitox Review
This Leptitox aims to answer the following questions .
How does Leptitox work ?
Does Leptitox work ?
Product Ingredients ?
And finally , information about the usage , health , and benefits of Leptitox !
Everyone wishes they had a slim figure and healthy body , both inside and out .
Nevertheless , many dieters find it hard to stay healthy and fit .
Many health & fitness services , such as health clubs , nutritionists , and fitness centers , will trick individuals by feeding them incorrect facts about diet and how to lose weight while staying healthy .
These myths may or may not help you reduce weight ; however , it is by no means a long - term solution .
Discovering a long - lasting solution requires identifying the cause of your weight gain , once you find the cause , ultimately you will find the answers to losing weight .
A new discovery led a health scientist to develop a brand - new product called Leptitox , he declared that he had found the origin of weight gain and laziness in modern - day people .
Leptitox has been helping dieters achieve their weight loss goals and according to the company , the product continues to sell out regularly .
What Is Leptitox ?
Leptitox is a natural diet supplement that reduces leptin opposition , reverses the natural baseline , and reprograms the hypothalamus .
Watch The Video Here !
The supplement is a natural and effective way to control fat .
It utilizes a natural blend of active ingredients , consisting of 22 nutrients from the world ’s strongest plants and natural herbs .
Leptitox In General
A leptin resistance technique deals with the hypothalamus to remove or trap harmful proteins in the body .
This supplement speeds up weight loss and changes leptin resistance without causing issues .
The product contains natural active ingredients that increase the food metabolic process .
The active ingredients produce a brand - new level of energy to control appetite and cravings , lower blood cholesterol , and maintain healthy blood glucose .
How Does Leptitox Work ?
If you choose Leptitox , you must understand how fat cells grow and how they secrete a hormonal agent called leptin .
Including active ingredients rapidly fights leptin resistance and reduces appetite .
Also , natural active ingredients are included in which helps the product efficiently detoxify the body .
Leptitox Supplement
Active ingredients Of Leptitox
Milk
Thistle is a natural active ingredient with proven anti-aging results .
This component maintains healthy cholesterol and detoxifies BPA present in various foods .
Apium Graveolens
Seed detoxifies chemicals discovered in most plastics that we use today .
Jujube can cleanse ZEA , which is an endocrine disrupter .
Related Article : 12 causes of bloating !
Grape
Seed cleanses harmful compounds found in veggies , nuts , and grains .
It does not just control cadmium EDC ; however , it likewise promotes healthy high blood pressure .
Alfafa supplies essential vitamins and improves liver function .
Chanca Piedra supplies important antioxidants and promotes healthy kidney function and food digestion .
Taraxacum Leaves are abundant in vitamin K for strong bones and a healthy liver .
Brassicas include a nutritious cysteine , which might contribute to the production of anti-oxidants .
Barberry contains berberine , which avoids the accumulation of fat and supports brain health .
Pros
Leptitox is a consumer - friendly item developed to reduce weight and naturally balance leptin levels .
It includes a list of active ingredients and their usage in ordinary life .
Using and purchasing a sensible price is safe .
It decreases overweight and keeps a healthy body permanently .
It assists in increasing energy levels .
A money - back guarantee covers this item for user fulfillment
Cons
It can only be purchased online .
Not everybody can accomplish similar results with this product .
Results may vary from person to person .
Conclusion
The Leptitox natural health supplement is a product that I found to be terrific for slimming and losing weight , it is entirely safe and 100 % natural .
Leptitox is quite economical and it is an easy product to purchase online .
Do not miss out on this outstanding supplement as supplies run low at times .
Frequently Asked Leptitox Questions :
Is Leptitox FDA approved ?
You can have peace of mind before taking Leptitox for weight - loss the product has been clinically tested and FDA approved , this dietary supplement is safe for use by adults .
What are the side effects of Leptitox ?
There are countless weight loss supplements that rely on harmful compounds .
Feeling tired , appetite loss , and fatigue are common while taking the supplement .
Leptitox is made up of high - quality plant extracts , manufactured under an FDA - approved lab .
There have been no significant side effects when using Leptitox .
These are a couple of things to note , though :
• If you are sensitive to caffeine , Leptitox may not be the best product for you .
Prolonged usage may result in feelings of anxiousness and insomnia .
• A few people have reported dropping weight too fast on the recommended dosage of 4 pills per day .
If that happens , you may need to bring down your dose and consult with your doctor
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. -- New York Jets coach Rex Ryan felt " disrespected " by the New England Patriots for throwing a deep pass with the game well in hand Sunday .
The Patriots were ahead 31 - 14 with 30 seconds left in the fourth quarter when Tom Brady threw long for Randy Moss on third - and - 6 from their 45 - yard line .
The pass fell incomplete , but riled up Ryan .
" We need to stop them anyway , so it 's no biggie , but I was surprised , and I did feel a little bit disrespected , " Ryan said .
Ryan added that he did n't know if Bill Belichick was behind the call , saying it might have been something Brady and Moss did on their own .
The Jets coach was also asked if he thought perhaps maybe it was intended to be one final message to cornerback Darrelle Revis , who has developed a rivalry with Moss .
" I looked at that as an opportunity for us , " Ryan said .
" Throw it up deep , our guy is going to come down with it more than your guy is .
If they want to throw it up to Revis , that 's great .
If they would have thrown it up to [ Wes ]
Welker again , I would have had a problem with it . "
Moss had five catches for 34 yards , while Welker had 15 receptions for 192 yards .
Ryan , who created controversy in the offseason when he said he did n't come to New York to " kiss Bill Belichick 's rings , " said he called a timeout with 5 seconds left as a response to the Patriots ' play call .
GM had agreed to sell Opel to Magna in September General Motors ( GM ) has cancelled plans to sell a majority stake in its European car business Opel , including its UK brand Vauxhall .
The US giant said in a statement that its board had made the decision because of " an improving business environment for GM over the past few months " .
GM had agreed to sell Opel and Vauxhall to Canadian car parts firm Magna .
It said it would now be seeking aid for Opel from the German government and other European states .
' Restructuring ' GM added that it had come to its decision because of the importance of Opel and Vauxhall to its global strategy .
It said it would now " initiate a restructuring of its European operations in earnest " .
Magna co-chief executive officer Siegfried Wolf said : " We understand ... it was in GM 's best interests to retain Opel .
" We will continue to support Opel and GM in the challenges ahead , " he added .
ANALYSIS Jorn Madslien , business reporter , BBC News General Motor 's ( GM ) decision to keep Opel and Vauxhall rather than sell the two marques to Canadian parts maker Magna and Russian Sberbank , seems logical .
GM never really wanted to get rid of its European operations , fearing it would hamper its global competitiveness , in particular in Russia - which is expected to emerge as Europe 's largest market over the next few decades .
But the American automotive giant was forced to agree to sell Opel and Vauxhall ahead of bankruptcy proceedings during the spring , as US taxpayers were loath to also bail out GM 's foreign operations .
In Europe , Germany in particular had been prepared to dig deep into its pockets to ensure Opel 's survival in the run-up to a general election in September .
Opel still needs large cash injections , though whether Germany will still be willing to deliver them now that election has been won is another matter - not least since any funds injected by European taxpayers at this point would help bolster a GM majority - owned by US taxpayers .
What next for GM in Europe ?
In the UK , business secretary Lord Mandelson said he was " keen for very early discussions " with GM over their plans for the business and how they might affect British plants and workers .
" I have always said that if the right long - term sustainable solution is identified , then the government would be willing to support this , " he said .
' Low blow '
But there was anger in Germany , where the planned sale of Opel had been dragging on for months and the German government had pledged Magna 4.5 bn euros ( $ 6.7bn ; £ 4 bn ) in financial aid .
After the decision was announced , German Economy Minister Rainer Bruederle called GM 's behaviour " totally unacceptable " , while Christine Lieberknecht , the premier of Thuringia state , which hosts an Opel plant , called the decision a " low blow " .
Government spokesman Ulrich Wilhelm said Berlin regretted the decision , adding that it wanted GM to repay 1.5 bn euros in bridge financing extended by German banks .
GM first said in March that it wished to offload Opel and Vauxhall , before finally agreeing to sell to Magna in September .
The US giant 's decision to sell its main European business was made after it was forced to announce a group - wide loss of $ 30.9 bn for 2008 , after its sales plummeted in the global recession .
However , aided by financial support from the US government , and a brief period in US bankruptcy protection in June and July of this year , GM has since managed to turn around its fortunes .
Opel ' useful '
On Tuesday , GM said its US sales had risen in September for the first time in almost two years .
It is in this context that it now wishes to hold onto Opel and Vauxhall .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Car analysts said they were not too surprised by GM 's announcement .
" GM never really wanted to get rid of Opel , they were being forced into it because of their financial situation , " said Aaron Bragman of IHS Global Insight .
" A lot of GM cars have come out of Opel 's engineering , so Opel provides a very useful service for GM globally .
" Maintaining that foothold there is something that is beneficial for GM in the long run . "
GM 's decision ?
However , the German media is already questioning how easy it will be for GM to simply cancel the sale agreement .
This is because when GM went into administration , ownership of Opel and Vauxhall was transferred to a trust , headed by two representatives of GM , two from the German government and one independent panel member .
German newspapers have speculated whether it is this trust and not GM that will have to make the final decision .
Opel employs a total of 54,000 workers across Europe , with 25,000 based in Germany .
In the UK its Vauxhall brand employs 5,500 people across two plants in Luton and Ellesmere Port .
Unite , the main union at Vauxhall , last month reached a deal with Magna to limit job cuts at the two factories to just 600 people , and all through voluntary redundancy .
See GM production centres in Europe
Enlarge Map
Tony Woodley , secretary general of Unite , told the BBC that GM 's news was an " incredible turnaround " .
" The decision is in my view a fantastic decision and the right decision for General Motors themselves , " he said .
" There 's no logic in breaking up the company .
I believe it is the right decision in spite of a good deal that we 'd struck with Magna . "
Mr Woodley added that there would now be negotiations with GM bosses over plans to restructure the company .
The decision to sell Opel to Magna had been controversial because of the German government 's offer of the 4.5 bn euro loans .
The European Commission warned last month that Berlin 's offer of this aid may breach European competition rules because there were " significant indications " the German government had only been offering the money if Magna 's bid was successful , and not that of rival suitor , Belgian investment fund RHJ .
The German government immediately denied any wrongdoing .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As part of a workshop at this year ’s International Semantic Web Conference ( ISWC ) , former colleague Leigh Dodds prepared an interesting diagram on the ways in which resources comprising the Linked Data Cloud are currently licensed .
For various reasons , I was unable to make it to Virginia for the event , but a scan through the presentations from Leigh , Tom Heath ( another former colleague ) , Jordan Hatcher ( with whom I worked on earlier iterations of the Open Data Commons license ) , and Creative Commons ‘ Kaitlin
Thaney , it looks like they did a great job covering the bases on this critically important aspect of the evolving Data Web .
If we are to encourage the sorts of break - out use of data that Tim Berners - Lee and Tim O’Reilly were discussing at last week ’s Web 2.0 Summit , we need to move past the current laissez - faire approaches adopted by too many and ensure that there are licensing regimes in place to enable , facilitate and encourage widespread re-use .
As Leigh ’s work demonstrates , we have a long way to go .
Only around a third of the current Linked Data projects are explicitly licensing their content , and several of those may be mis-licensing by applying copyright - based licenses such as those from Creative Commons to data not covered by copyright legislation .
With the current state of data licensing , and the reliance of CC0 and Open Data Commons ’ Public Domain Dedication and License upon the public domain as a means of overcoming territorial differences , will we find enterprise use of Linked Data increasingly relying upon the more cumbersome tool of contract law … to the detriment of a free and flexible exchange of ideas ?
‘ Linked Open Data Rights Survey ‘ image by Leigh Dodds , shared on Flickr under a Creative Commons license .
Related articles by Zemanta
Interested in giving Valkyria Chronicles 2 a go and you either know Japanese or do n’t mind not understanding a word that is said ?
Well then Sega has just the deal for you as they have today released the VC2 Demo on their official site .
The demo features features a new training mode as well as two playable missions .
In case you are unaware , Valkyria Chronicles 2 is the follow - up to the PS3 title that released last year and starts 2 years after the events of the first game .
The gameplay has remained mostly the same as you instruct your troops around the battlefield trying to outmaneuver the enemy troops .
So all you have to do is head to the link below , download the files and move them over to your PSP .
So what are you waiting for soldier ??
Grab your weapon , its time for war !!
Valkyria Chronicles 2 Demo
THE dust has barely settled on the global financial crisis , but there are already signs the resources boom is well on track to eclipse its past highs .
Asia - bound shipments of iron ore from Port Hedland have chalked up fresh records of more than 14 million tonnes in each of the past three months , according to figures published late last week .
Shipments of iron ore from Port Hedland have hit new records .
Credit : Rob Homer
Coal , the nation 's top export , is also being loaded on to ships through Newcastle at the fastest pace in a year amid reports of surging demand from Asian buyers .
Economists say these increases point to a boom era in resources returning far more quickly than most expected .
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Newspapers should become " radically open " if they want to make money in the online world , the co-founder of social networking site Twitter has said .
Biz Stone said that he would " love to see what happens " if newspaper mogul Rupert Murdoch went ahead with plans to block Google from his websites .
" The future is in openness not [ being ] closed , " he told the BBC .
Mr Murdoch recently said that search engines could not legally use material such as headlines in search results .
Earlier this year , he said his News Corp business would start charging customers for access to its websites .
News Corp owns the Times and Sun newspapers in the UK and the New York Post and Wall Street Journal in the US .
Mr Stone said he should be allowed to " fail fast " with the proposal .
" They should be looking at this as an opportunity to try something radically different and find out a way to make a ton of money from being radically open rather than some money from being ridiculously closed , " he told an event organised by the National Endowment for Science , Technology and the Arts ( Nesta ) in London .
Aiming high Twitter itself is a so - called " open platform " .
From its inception , Twitter allowed other software developers to build their own apps and services for the site .
These include search tools and services that allow people to add video and pictures to messages , known as tweets .
This openness has allowed Twitter to grow at a phenomenal rate .
Between February 2008 and February 2009 the number of users grew by 1,382 % - from 475,000 to seven million - according to Nielsen Online .
Twitter will always be free to everyone but you will be able to pay for an additional layer of access to learn more about your Twitter account
Biz Stone
Twitter confirms major cash boost Recent figures suggest this period of growth has flattened off , particularly in North America .
Mr Stone would not give exact figures but said that the firm was " continuing to grow very fast from an international and a mobile perspective " .
Measurements of Twitter traffic are notoriously difficult as many users do not interact with the service through the website .
Instead , they use desktop software and mobile phones .
Mobile growth A report in June suggested that more than 50 % of all updates were published using these tools .
" We 're unique from an internet perspective in that our DNA is in mobile , " Mr Stone told BBC News .
" We started out in texting and then we brought the service to the web . "
Mr Stone said that the company saw most of its growth on mobiles .
" We see over four billion mobile phones active around the world as opposed to the 1.65 billion active web accounts , so when you look at this together you see a very broad potential for growth for Twitter , " he said .
A memo leaked from the company earlier this year suggested that the firm wanted to reach a billion users by 2013 .
Despite this growth , critics of the firm have questioned its ability to make money .
Earlier this year it secured $ 100 m ( £ 62 m ) , which would value the firm at $ 1bn .
However , it is still to make a profit .
' Better experience '
To address this , Mr Stone said that Twitter would begin to offer commercial services this year .
" One of the first things we are going to do explicitly is commercial accounts , " he said .
" Twitter will always be free to everyone but you will be able to pay for an additional layer of access to learn more about your Twitter account - get some feedback , some analytics , become a better ' Twitterer ' . "
The firm said that it was also considering " licensing and syndication possibilities " .
" We can give away this real - time feed of data to other companies such as Google and Bing to give them a better experience for searching Twitter , " he said .
However , Mr Stone admitted that Twitter was still finding its way .
" We are coming out of a very rapid growth over the last two years , " he said .
" We have a lot of work to do . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
IMEC , one of the leading European research centers in photovoltaics , and BP Solar , a leading energy company , demonstrated a 18 % conversion efficiency for silicon solar cells made of BP Solar ’s newly developed Mono2 TM silicon .
By combining IMEC ’s advanced processing techniques with BP Solar ’s high - quality low - cost substrates , the companies demonstrated that Mono2 has a good potential to become a new base material for low - cost highly - efficient solar cells .
BP Solar ’s Mono2 production process delivers a promising new wafer platform for solar cells with the potential to become a low - cost alternative to the more expensive Czochralski silicon substrates because it combines extremely low defect densities and high conversion efficiencies with production costs that are comparable to the costs of traditional multicrystalline substrates .
The production of Mono2 involves a proprietary growth nucleation process for the casting of ingots used to produce single crystal bricks and wafers whereby preferred crystallographic orientations can be achieved .
This feature allows further improvement in cell efficiencies .
BP Solar ’s Mono2 was developed with support of the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Technologies Pathways Partnership .
IMEC ’s cell production process is feasible as an industrial production process as it only adds three processing steps to the standard industrially applied process of full aluminum back surface field .
IMEC ’s solar cells are 130μm thick and cover an area of 156 mmx156 mm .
Using IMEC ’s advanced processes such as dielectric passivation and a localized back surface field , a conversion efficiency of 18 % for the new low - cost Mono2 silicon solar cells , which is in the range of the current commercial solar cells , has been demonstrated with a dramatic reduction in cell thickness .
Jef Poortmans , Program Director Photovoltaics said , “ IMEC ’s photovoltaic research aims towards a sharp reduction in production cost and at the same time an increase of the efficiency of crystalline silicon solar cells .
Our partners can leverage our advanced processing techniques , to create high - efficiency low - cost solar cells based on their proprietary high - quality materials and knowhow . ”
Eric Daniels , BP Solar ’s vice president , global technology said “ BP Solar is working to leverage such key technology developments to further reduce the cost of PV electricity .
Working with R&D centers such as IMEC and key customers , we are commercializing this technology and seek to provide a better platform for the current and next generation solar cells .
This collaboration with IMEC represents significant progress towards that goal . ”
WE SPOKE TO racing legend Sir Stirling Moss on rumours that Valentino Rossi could still make the switch to F1 after his MotoGP career and here 's what Sir Stirling had to say :
“ I ’m certain Rossi could succeed in F1 if he wanted , if you are good at one motor sport you will be good at the other and Rossi has that much talent and understanding of speed I ’m certain he could make it in F1 .
Even at the age of 32 when he retires , but personally I would not advise it .
" I think he is too good for F1 , he would revolutionise the paddock by bringing in a sense of humour .
If he seriously wanted to race F1 I ’m sure his desire and dedication would see him succeed , but I do n’t think he should do it , it would be a backwards step .
" The atmosphere in the F1 paddock is different to the motorcycle one , not as much fun and much more serious and I do n’t think he would enjoy it . "
So there you have it from one of British racing 's greatest .
Do you think Rossi could do it ?
Are Black Friday Deals Really Worth It ?
As we enjoy the Thanksgiving holiday , many of us are planning our routes on Black Friday , scouring the sales fliers for deals and checking online to see what specials will be available .
I , however , do none of these things .
Aside from the fact that I have most of my holiday shopping done , I ’m not sure that Black Friday deals are really worth it .
When you think about the time and effort involved , the savings may not seem as tantalizing .
Here ’s why I do n’t think braving Black Friday is really worth it :
The Deals
The main reason that people rouse themselves at 3 a .m. to go stand in line is the savings .
What sorts of deals will you get ?
Sure , there are some fantastic deals .
But many of the doorbusters — especially electronics — are last year ’s models .
This may not matter if you are just getting something cheap with reasonable functionality , but if you are looking for something high quality , you may not be getting what you pay for .
Another issue is the fact that Black Friday deals are designed to lure you into the store .
These loss leaders pull you in , but retailers fully expect ( and with good reason ) you to buy things you had n’t necessarily planned on buying .
They ’re hoping that you will negate your savings , and then some , buy purchasing items that are only 10 % to 20 % off the retail price .
Or that are even full price .
Once the shopping frenzy hits , the hope is that you wo n’t be too discriminating , deciding to buy whatever catches your fancy as you hunt for bargains .
And , finally , are the deals really that great ?
Once you get beyond the doorbusters , the sales are n’t that much more spectacular than the weekend sale you saw last week — or the weekend sales that will be a fixture of the holiday shopping season until Christmas Eve .
Yes , you might see 75 % off on some items on Black Friday .
But next weekend the sale is likely to still be 65 % off .
On an item that is less than $ 50 , that may not make such a big difference — and you can avoid the crowds .
Your Time
My biggest beef with Black Friday is that it just does n’t seem like the savings make up for the time spent .
Say you spend two hours waiting in line to get a doorbuster .
What if you do n’t get the doorbuster because they ran out ?
Some people wait in line for four hours or more to get a doorbuster deal .
Is it really worth that ?
Do n’t forget the time spent queuing at the checkout counter , and the time spent sitting in traffic .
When you add it up , you can easily waste two to six hours ( or more ) , depending on how many stores you go to , and how long you have to wait at each one .
And that does n’t include the hours spent pouring over fliers and planning out the day .
Figure up how much your time is worth .
Most people just take their hourly wage and make a determination based on that .
Only you can answer for what your time is worth , but , even if I ’m not spending my time working , I figure that my time is worth about $ 85 an hour .
That means that if it takes more than hour to get a $ 100 item for 65 % or 75 % off ( I have yet to see an 85 % off sale ) , it ’s not worth it to me .
Imagine if I spent four hours on Black Friday .
That ’s $ 340 .
I ’d better save $ 340 — and not have all of those savings overset by impulse buys .
Or , I can spend two hours ( as I did last week ) and save $ 200 on things I ’d planned to buy anyway .
By carefully planning my holiday shopping and targeting specific items , I feel like I ’m using my time and money a little more efficiently .
The Hassle
You ca n’t put a monetary value on the inconvenience and hassle that can come as a result of Black Friday .
Braving the hordes , waiting in line , dealing with traffic , finding parking spaces , listening to unhappy children , getting unhappy yourself , and skipping meals as you move from store to store all start to add up .
Since I have family here over Thanksgiving , I ’d rather spend Black Friday visiting and enjoying the company , rather than dealing with the hassles outside the home .
Family togetherness is more important to me than saving a few bucks .
What about you ?
Do you think Black Friday is worth it ?
The 4.0 release of the KDE software compilation marked a major milestone for the KDE community .
While the underlying development platform has seen a modernization to better work with increased demand of applications , the community also saw a shift in its development methods .
Interaction design has become much more important , and hence the need to collect feedback from the user in a structured manner .
Ultimately , this leads to more understandable user interfaces and simpler handling of the underlying complexity of modern computers and portable devices .
Nuno Pinheiro , a well - known artist and icon designer in the KDE community and engineering psychologist Björn Balazs from the Open Source Usability Labs and director for analysis , design and testing at Apliki decided they wanted to help with this .
The Icon Usability Test
Nuno and Björn met for the first time in person at an Amarok developer meeting in Berlin .
They discovered they both had interest in usability and design and decided to work together .
Apliki , Germany 's first Psychological IT - Consultancy , has been using psychological methods and tools to test and improve usability in a variety of Free Software and proprietary applications .
They have developed the Icon Usability Test , a web - based test designed to quickly assess the usability of an icon by user survey .
Icon usability is often an issue overlooked during development , yet icons play a pivotal role in quickly guiding users through the interface .
The Icon Usability Test is therefore designed to assess the responses of users themselves to determine the quality and understandability of icons .
First Test
Nuno and Björn decided the huge number of icons in the KDE Oxygen theme could benefit from the usability test .
The first Icon Usability Test has already been completed and more than 7000 community members participated .
Björn comments : " We were overwhelmed by this input .
And we only need a minimum of 30 participants for a scientifically accurate assessment of any icon .
Of course , more participants help a lot in comparing different target groups " .
He suspects that " so many people participated because it only takes about 4 minutes for the participant to assess the quality of an icon . "
More Testing
Further Icon Usability Tests for Oxygen Icons will take place on a biweekly base .
Nuno : " with the Icon Usability Test , we not only receive feedback on the understandability of the icons , but also learn about cultural differences in their interpretation " .
Based on these tests , Nuno wants to explore the development localized icons to help KDE software adapt better to the user .
Apliki has kindly offered to run the regular icon tests , asking users for their cooperation through a soon to be aggregated blog on Planet KDE .
Apliki offers their tools for free use by Free Software communities and university researchers .
Commercial and non-commercial users can get in contact with Apliki using data on the website or emailing them here .
One last comment from Björn : " Thanks to the community and our web - based Icon Usability Test , the days for incomprehensible icons are counted ! "
It is good to see the KDE community engage in cooperative relationships with parties outside the community , seeking mutual benefit .
We welcome collaboration for any individual or organization which believes in improving the quality of our software and helps us realize our goal of getting the best Free Software anywhere !
Among the many services the lawyers at Krasno Krasno & Onwudinjo provide , we will prepare you for your disability hearing .
With our guidance , you can anticipate the questions you may be asked at your hearing , and also amass helpful documentation about your injuries , making sure that you apply for a hearing within 60 days if your claim is denied .
Working With Medical Providers Across PA & Beyond
We communicate with time - pressed doctors and collect important medical records that are necessary for your claim .
Doctors can be resistant to working with lawyers and doing the required paperwork to support your claim .
You have other concerns to attend to than dealing with such issues .
Therefore , we take this burden out of your hands and allow for you and your family to focus on healing .
How Do I Qualify For SSDI ?
You might qualify for SSDI if you suffer from a qualifying disability or a terminal illness that prevents you from working or performing your normal responsibilities at work for at least 12 months .
Additionally , your work history must show that you have worked enough years to be eligible for benefits , which we can help you evaluate .
Benefits are payable to blind or disabled workers , their children , widowers , and adults disabled since childhood .
How Do I Qualify For SSI ?
SSI is available for people aged 65 and younger and disabled or blind adults or children .
SSI is an assistance program that is not based on work history and is meant to help people of limited income and resources pay for living expenses .
What If My Claim Is Denied ?
Many people come to us for help when they have been denied Social Security Disability Insurance ( SSDI ) or Supplemental Security Income ( SSI ) .
A denial letter from the Social Security Administration is not the end of the qualification process for benefits .
Most applications are denied at first .
Applications require detailed documentation of work and medical history and other documents demonstrating fulfillment of requirements with several nuances .
Our experienced attorneys help clients throughout Pennsylvania obtain necessary documentation , working in collaboration with their doctors and employers to ensure all application requirements are completed as fully as possible .
We are advocates working diligently on behalf of our diverse clientele , and we can guide you through the process of how to apply for Social Security Disability benefits with the best opportunity for success .
Free Consultation With Experienced Disability Attorneys in Pennsylvania
At our law firm , we handle all Social Security Disability cases on a contingency basis .
We do not charge a fee unless we are able to get benefits for you .
Our disability lawyers stand by your side at all points of the process .
Whether you have questions about your initial application for Social Security Disability or you have been denied , Pennsylvania residents can turn to us to help with their Social Security Disability claims .
Visit our offices in Philadelphia , Pittsburgh Harrisburg , Lancaster , Wilkes - Barre or one of the 12 office locations throughout Pennsylvania .
Contact us to set up your free consultation at 800-952-9640 .
WASHINGTON
The Great Vampire Squid has gotten religion .
In an interview with The Sunday Times of London , the cocky chief of Goldman Sachs said he understands that a lot of people are “ mad and bent out of shape ” at blood - sucking banks .
“ I know I could slit my wrists and people would cheer , ” Lloyd Blankfein , the C.E.O. , told the reporter John Arlidge .
But the little people who are boiling simply do n’t understand .
And Rolling Stone ’s Matt Taibbi , who unforgettably labeled Goldman “ a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity , relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money , ” does n’t understand .
Banks , Blankfein explained , are really serving the greater good .
“ We help companies to grow by helping them to raise capital , ” he said .
“ Companies that grow create wealth .
This , in turn , allows people to have jobs that create more growth and more wealth .
It ’s a virtuous cycle .
We have a social purpose . ”
The law granting him immunity from prosecution has been lifted but Berlusconi insists forthcoming trials will not oust him
The Italian prime minister , Silvio Berlusconi , has insisted he will stay in office even if he is convicted in one of the trials in which he is a defendant .
After a summer of sex scandals and legal wrangling , Berlusconi faces two trials , following a decision by the country 's top court to lift his immunity from prosecution and allow proceedings against him to resume .
In one case , due to start on 16 November , he is accused of tax fraud and false accounting in the management of his media companies .
In a separate trial , whose next hearing is due on 27 November , Berlusconi is charged with paying a $ 600,000 ( £ 363,121 ) bribe to British lawyer David Mills to withhold incriminating details of his business dealings .
" I still have faith in the existence of serious magistrates who hand down serious verdicts , based on facts , " said Berlusconi , according to excerpts of a forthcoming book that were released yesterday .
" If there were a conviction in trials like these , we would be facing such a big subversion of the truth that I would feel even more duty bound to stay in my post to defend democracy and the rule of law . "
Berlusconi has been in defiant mood since Italy 's constitutional court ruled last month that his protection from prosecution while he holds office violated the constitution .
The ruling overturned a law that critics had denounced as tailor - made to protect him from his legal woes .
Since then , he has repeatedly attacked the judicial system as overrun by " communist " magistrates out to destroy him .
Tim Berners - Lee waved his iPhone playfully at the podium , then gave a boyish grin , touched its face , and instantly and wirelessly sent a message to the world , announcing the launch of the World Wide Web Foundation .
If that does n’t seem amazing , you have to think about the context .
Just 40 or so years ago , in 1969 , the Internet was getting off the ground as a simple connection between two computers .
By the end of 1997 , almost 30 years later and eight years after Berners - Lee invented the Web , 1.7 percent of the global population — 70 million people — had used the Internet .
In 2009 , the International Telecommunication Union estimated that Internet users jumped to 1.9 billion people , 26 percent of the global population .
Now , Berners - Lee has a new project .
The World Wide Web Foundation advertises itself as an incubator " leading transformative programs to advance the Web as a medium that empowers people to bring positive change . "
The place Berners - Lee chose to officially launch the new foundation was the Internet Governance Forum ( IGF ) .
This UN - facilitated event brings people of the world together to conduct informational dialogues about Internet policy .
The smiling Berners - Lee was standing in a palms - surrounded conference center in Sharm El Sheikh , in the Sinai Desert .
Sir Tim had the perfect audience for his announcement of a foundation born to investigate and enhance social opportunities brought by connectivity .
Among the more than 1,200 people gathered in the magnificent conference center in Sharm were Jerry Yang , co-founder of Yahoo ; Robert Kahn , a co-inventor of the Internet protocol ; Hamadoun Tour ? , secretary general of the International Telecommunication Union ; Lynn St. Amour , president and CEO of the Internet Society ; and Rod Beckstrom , president and CEO of the Internet Corporation of Assigned Names and Numbers .
Who knows where things might have gone if use of the Web was limited to those who could afford pay per play , or if it was limited only to those who wrote applications approved through a proprietary system ?
One of the key reasons the Web 's evolution has been so positive for the world is the fact that Berners - Lee chose not to charge a royalty .
Berners - Lee said the Web Foundation was the next logical step in a progression that he has led to nurture his invention .
First , he started the World Wide Web Consortium , or W3C , to assure that the Web would scale upward appropriately and be adjusted to the needs of global users in regard to standards and interoperability .
Next , he began to take a look at the science of the Web as a network — the Web Science Trust .
The just - announced third initiative is a start - up of sorts that is being largely underwritten by the Knight Foundation .
Berners - Lee said the planning for the new foundation has been in the works for quite some time , and it has involved input from many people who are also involved in work with the Internet Governance Forum .
" When we look at the Web , we do n't look at it anymore as connected computers or as connected Web pages , " he explained .
" We look at the Web now as humanity connected .
Humanity connected by technology .
We want it to empower people .
We want it to do the very best for humanity . "
Internet Governance Forum
This is a turning point for Berners - Lee , and for the Internet Governance Forum .
At this annual gathering , people from industry , government , and the research and civil society sectors discuss the policies and the politics of control and access in an informal setting where no rules are made , no pronouncements passed along .
“ A common set of values and principles has always characterized the development and operation of the Internet , ” said Lynn St. Amour , president and CEO of the Internet Society .
“ Open standards , freely accessible , inclusive processes and transparent governance have always been part of its evolution .
Internet governance by definition must be open and inclusive .
We ’re obliged to assure these fundamental principles endure . "
The IGF was born out of global deliberations at two meetings of the World Summit on the Information Society ( WSIS ) , hosted by the ITU earlier this decade .
This year ’s IGF is the fourth of a series of five that were suggested in the initial agreements signed by the participants in WSIS .
The meeting is a watershed moment as the people at IGF this year are tasked to show if there ’s a reason to continue the forums beyond the fifth year .
As Sha Zukang , under - secretary - general of the United Nations ' Department of Economic and Social Affairs , noted at the IGF opening ceremony , there are 4.6 billion cell phone accounts right now and just 600 million have broadband .
All critical infrastructure and most social infrastructure has now been moved online .
The battle for control over communications networks has never been as fierce as it will be over the coming decade .
So it was especially interesting on the first day of the Internet Governance Forum to see ITU Secretary - General Hamadoun Tour ? and Zukang , formerly China ’s director - general for the department of arms control in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , both up at the podium saying nice things in a limited manner about the purpose and effectiveness of IGF .
Tour ?
told the audience in his keynote that “ IGF is a place where we can make progress on certain topics and introduce those mature topics into other more formal processes , arrangements and organizations for further consideration . ”
Zukang said , “ If you believe the forum is valuable , I would encourage you to say so , and tell us in what ways
If you believe that IGF has fulfilled its purpose , I would encourage you to speak out against our extension of the mandate and tell us why . ”
The leadership of the ITU and Tour ?
himself have made it clear that they prefer all non-ICANN and non-WIPO policy work to fall in their court .
The government of China is one of the few IGF actors that has made it clear it does not see IGF as effective in the ways it would like it to be effective — for instance , being a body that supports the rights of governments to exercise the selective blocking and filtering of Internet content .
The final report on the efficacy and potential for the IGF ’s continuance will be handed over to Zukang , who will pass it to UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon for a decision .
IGF coverage this week is provided courtesy of a team from Elon University in North Carolina , USA .
Janna Quitney Anderson , director of the Imagining the Internet Center and associate professor in the School of Communications at Elon , wrote this entry .
See more on IGF Egypt at www.imaginingtheinternet.org.
When we go to watch Formula 1 in Abu Dhabi – the case that Saturday morning – we go by police - escorted Ferrari convoy .
When we build new buildings , we build them higher than any that have gone before .
Then we build more of them .
When we build sandcastles in the shape of palm trees , full of splashy houses with swimming pools and private beaches , we do n't just order one .
We have three ( two are deserted ) .
Yesterday , I wrote an article about New York City Marathon men's winner Meb Keflezighi .
Let me be clear : Meb Keflezighi is an American and any suggestion otherwise is wrong .
The debate currently on the blogosphere is over whether or not Keflezighi should count as the first American man winner of the race even though he was not American - born .
I said that Keflezighi's win , the first by an American since 1982 , was n't as big as it was being made out to be because there was a difference between being an American - born product and being an American citizen .
Frankly I did n't account for the fact that virtually all of Keflezighi 's running experience came as a US citizen .
I never said he did n't deserve to be called American .
All I was saying was that we should celebrate an American marathon champion who has completely been brought up through the American system .
This is where , I must admit , my critics made their best point .
It turns out , Keflezighi moved to the United States in time to develop at every level in America .
So Meb is in fact an American trained athlete and an American citizen and he should be celebrated as the American winner of the NYC Marathon .
That makes a difference and makes him different from the " ringer " I accused him of being .
Meb did n't deserve that comparison and I apologize for that .
Questions ?
Comments ?
SportsBiz@cnbc.com
At last , after being blowed a billion times , it 's the iPhone 's turn .
Believe it or not , there 's a new application for the iPhone that uses its speaker to blow air .
No peripherals .
No attachments .
Check the video for yourself .
Advertisement
The developers say that you can use it to " blow out candles , herbs , and refresh your skin during hot summer nights . "
I wonder how many birthdays you can go through before your speaker breaks from all the vibration .
[ iTunes App Store via Krapps ]
It 's not always easy to be a superhero .
You almost never get credit for saving the world ( even when you do it over and over ) , the local papers call you a public menace , and in general , you risk your life every day for a world that fears and distrusts you .
But such is the burden of ( super ) power , and the men and women who are gifted with these abilities must nonetheless soldier on , despite the heckling of haters like J. Jonah Jameson , Lex Luthor , and now , Ms. Eiesland .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2009/11/20/awesome-kid-gets-detention-for-being-superman/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ;
Yes , young Anthony may have received a demerit of - 10 character points for " disrupting class by standing , unbuttoning his shirt to reveal a Super man [ sic ] t shirt and announcing he was Superman , " but he will have to be quietly content with knowing that he gets a thousand awesome points for being awesome .
Up , up , and away , young man .
( Via Twyst )
( CNN ) --
Two satirical bloggers who staged an interview with a donkey were sent to prison in Azerbaijan Wednesday , following a two - month trial for assault , the father of one told CNN .
Adnan Hadjizadeh 26 , and Emin Milli , 30 , were accused of hooliganism after an altercation in a cafe in July .
Hadjizadeh was imprisoned for two years and Milli was sentenced to two and a half , Hadjizadeh 's father , Hikmet , told CNN by phone from Baku , the capital of the oil - rich former Soviet republic .
Azerbaijani authorities did not respond to repeated CNN questions about the case .
" Emin Milli and Adnan Hadjizadeh were physically attacked , apparently unprovoked , in a Baku restaurant .
Witnesses reported that the two had been discussing their youth movement activities when two strangers approached them , demanded that they stop discussing such matters , and attacked them , " Human Rights Watch and other organizations wrote in an open letter to Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev when the trial opened in September .
" Milli and Hadjizadeh were later charged with ' hooliganism , ' under Article 221 of the Azerbaijani Criminal Code , and detained .
Their alleged attackers were set free , " the groups wrote , urging they be given a fair trial .
Hikmet Hadjizadeh believes their real crime was " fighting for democracy , fighting for European values " in the authoritarian nation sandwiched by Russia , Turkey and Iran .
Hadjizadeh and Milli satirized Azerbaijan 's government in a popular YouTube video shortly before they were arrested .
" There was a report by the government statistics bureau that the government bought two donkeys from Germany " for an exorbitant sum , Hikmet Hadjizadeh said .
" Of course this is money - laundering . "
So Hadjizadeh and Milli staged a press conference and interviewed a donkey , he said .
In the video , which is posted on YouTube , journalists ask a man in a donkey suit if he had a good trip from Germany ( he complains his luggage was stolen , but says it probably would not have been if the thieves knew he was a donkey ) and if he would like to be reincarnated as a donkey again after his death ( yes , if he was going to live in Azerbaijan " where donkeys are truly loved " ) .
But the questioning then gets more pointed , as a journalist asks the donkey why he is so much more expensive than local donkeys .
" I'm better than them , " the donkey replies confidently .
" I have a European education , I know three languages : German , English , and , as you can see , Azeri .
And I can play the violin . "
The donkey goes on to give an impressive demonstration of his musical talent before he , too , implicitly criticizes the government of Azerbaijan for restrictions on non-governmental organizations .
" There will be someone to protect donkey civil rights .
But who will protect human civil rights ? " the filmmakers ask on screen as the video ends .
The U.S. State Department criticized the verdict as " a step backwards for Azerbaijan 's progress towards democratic reform .
" The non-transparent investigation , closed court hearings , disproportionate legal charges , and failure to detain and charge the assailants have raised concerns about the independence of the police and the judiciary as well as about restrictions on freedom of expression in Azerbaijan , " spokesman Ian Kelly said in a written statement .
Human Rights
Watch said the bloggers did not have a fair trial .
" This is going to send some very chilling messages to those who are critical of the government , " said the group 's Caucasus researcher Giorgi Gogia .
" They were not part of the conventional media , they were civil activists in the blogosphere , " he said by phone from neighboring Georgia , where he is based .
" It is particularly alarming that after certain media outlets have been closed down , even the blogosphere is not a forum where free views can be expressed , " he said .
Azerbaijanis are due to elect a new parliament next year , but there is little chance the voting will be fair , Gogia said .
" It 's hard to talk about competitive elections when there is no free media , " he said .
Hadjizadeh and Milli will appeal their conviction , Hadjizadeh 's father said .
They remain in prison pending the appeal , he added .
From the amazing Wonder Woman memorabilia room of " Boilerplate " creator Paul Guinan , I bring you the creepiest Wonder Woman product I have ever encountered : Wonder Woman Crazy Foam , which you are forced to froth out of the mouth of DC's Amazonian princess as though she were a rabid animal .
I also found what looks like a newer version ...
It 's hard to decide which one is more disturbing .
Please enter your correct UserName and Password in order to see your USACO Training Program curriculum .
Register here for a username / password if you do not already have one .
Proctors should also register here .
USACO UserName Forgot your USACO UserName ?
Enter your e-mail address and click FORGOT PASSWORD , below Password Forgot your password ?
Enter your USACO username or e-mail address above and click below to have it e-mailed to you .
Listen to this amusing MP3 file that explains it all for computer geeks .
Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry died in 1991
The late Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry will be posthumously inducted into the US Television Academy 's Hall of Fame in January .
Roddenberry 's Star Trek franchise includes seven TV series and 10 films .
The first TV series began in 1966 .
Other inductees will be comedy duo Tom and Dick Smothers and actress Candice Bergen , who starred in 1990s CBS comedy Murphy Brown .
Saturday Night Live announcer Don Pardo will also be honoured .
25th anniversary
The Price is Right creator Bob Stewart and Emmy - award winning art director Charles Lisanby will also be inducted .
" This year 's inductees have challenged and shaped popular culture and entertained us royally while doing so , " said Television Academy chairman John Shaffner .
The first Hall of Fame induction ceremony in 1984 celebrated the careers of stars including Lucille Ball .
Hall of Fame candidates are submitted from the Television Academy 's membership and the industry at large to the Hall of Fame selection committee .
The new group of inductees will be honoured at a ceremony on 20 January at the Beverly Hills Hotel in Los Angeles .
You read that right , I ’ve compiled all of Seth Godin ’s free ebooks in one big awesome list .
Seth Godin is a fantastic source of constant information and wisdom .
His blog is incredibly insightful and he produces books and ebook left and right .
I was looking through my ebook collection the other day and noticed I had a ton of his ebooks , but did n’t know if I had all of them so I went to his site to see and I was stunned to discover he did n’t have a list of all his free ebooks to download ( or at least I did n’t see it ) .
I spent the next hour searching his site for free ebooks and found a couple I did n’t have .
After my successful round of scavenging I decided to share my newly acquired treasure with you .
Thats ’ right , it ’s a gall dern ebook fiesta today on Shuaism .
Some of these ebooks are a couple years old and a few things in them are outdated , but the important part , the ideas , are still very valid .
You probably already know this , but to download them right click on the link , choose “ Save As ” or “ Save Link As ” and save it to your computer .
Give ‘em a look and if I missed any that you know of please let me know ( send me the link ) and I ’ll add them to list .
Enjoy !
Bootstrappers Bible ( 80 )
A guide to getting more done with less and running as lean as possible when bootstrapping your biz .
Do Less ( 39 )
Learn how to be pickier about what you do and who you do it for so you can enjoy more of your life .
Everyone Is An Expert ( 35 )
This book is for anyone who wants more .
More traffic , more influence , etc and path of least resistance to help you get there .
Fixing Micahs Site ( 30 )
A look at a real person ’s site ( Micah ) and how the issues he faced were addressed .
You might see some of the same issues in your own site and how to fix them while reading this one .
Flipping The Funnel Companies ( 28 )
Flipping the Funnel is all about giving your fans the power to speak up .
This one is based around the needs of companies .
Flipping The Funnel Non-Profit ( 24 )
This one is based around the need of Non-Profits .
Flipping The Funnel Politics ( 19 )
This one is based around politics .
Knock Knock ( 28 )
Covers the 2 things your website must do and the 4 things it can cause to happen .
Money For Nothing ( 29 )
All about getting traffic to your blog or site .
Really Bad Power Point ( 30 )
Bad power point and how to fix it !
Tribes Casebook ( 31 )
The ebook that was put together by Seth ’s private tribe when he launched his book Tribes .
It ’s filled with their wisdom
Unleashing The Idea Virus ( 23 )
It ’s pretty much what it sounds like .
* BullMarket
* Since it ’s tied to a charity this one goes to Seth ’s site .
It ’s about companies that can help you make something happen …
I think I should be on that list
Bonus links !
While I was putting together I came across 2 articles ( 1 new , 1 not so new ) that really pulled this together .
The first is from the man him self Seth Godin about why YOU should write a free ebook .
I can speak from experience that good things can come from writing a free ebook , it ’s how I got the book dealfor TwittFaced .
This second link is a beautiful follow up to the why , it ’s the how .
Darren Rowse has put together a wonderful guide ; 13 Steps to Write and Publish a Free Ebook in 13 Hours .
I hope this whole post is a source of inspiration and a great resource of wisdom and information to you and anyone you share it with .
Thanks for reading ,
Josh “ Shua ” Peters
p.s. We ’re giving away free copies of Twittfaced , if you want to see how you can get your mitts on a copy go here : 4 ways to win a free copy of TwittFaced !
at a very low level , and Microsoft 's programmers absolutely hate that .
Certain Microsoft technologies like PatchGuard , found in 64 - bit editions of Windows ( 64 - bit Windows 7 has some security advantages over 32 - bit Windows 7 ) , block both malefactors and would - be protectors from access to the kernel .
Yet Microsoft itself has n't provided the level of security that third - party security software offers .
What to do ?
The Windows Filtering Platform ( WFP ) is intended as a solution to this problem .
According to Microsoft 's At - a - Glance document , " Third - party firewall products can build on the core capabilities of Windows Firewall to add custom features , and can selectively turn parts of the Windows Firewall on or off , enabling you to choose which software firewall you want to use and have it coexist with Windows Firewall . "
But is this actually useful to the security vendors ?
Will they use it ?
I asked around and got a fascinating array of responses , listed here alphabetically by company .
BitDefender LLC
Iulian Costache , product development manager : " We are using it at this moment in the Windows 7 installations ; however , we encountered major memory leaks .
The bug proved to be from Microsoft 's side ( confirmed by them ) .
Therefore we do n't have an estimate on when the issue will be fixed .
Due to this issue , we temporarily replaced the new WFP driver with the old TDI one , until the problem is solved from Microsoft 's part . "
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd
Mirka Janus , PR manager : " We started using Windows Filtering Platform with .
We are using it on Windows 7 as well .
It is a supported interface , which is good , but any malware or incompatible driver could compromise a security product that relies on this layer alone for security .
ZoneAlarm has always filtered at two layers , the network connection and the packet level .
Starting with Vista , Microsoft offered WFP as a supported way to filter network connections .
Starting with Windows 7 SP1 , Microsoft will expand WFP to include packet filtering .
" Using a supported API means better stability and fewer BSODs .
Many drivers can register and each driver writer does n't have to worry about compatibility with others .
If any one driver says to block , no other registrant can override that block decision .
On the other hand , an uncooperative driver could thwart the cooperative design ... bypassing all other registrants .
We do n't rely on WFP alone for network security . "
F - Secure Corporation
Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer : " For some reason , WFP has never become very popular with security vendors , but we 've been using it for quite a while , and we 've been happy with it . "
McAfee , Inc .
Ahmed Sallam , chief software architect , Software Architecture & Strategy : " Windows Filtering Platform is a more powerful and flexible network filtering interface than the previous NDIS - based interface .
McAfee is committed to using the Windows Filtering Platform in its security products .
It is officially documented by Microsoft and an improved network compared to the ' undocumented ' methods for hooking into the TDI drivers .
Security vendors , including McAfee , were not involved in the development of the interface definitions and primitives .
" While the Windows Filtering Platform has positive features , it can also be taken advantage of by cybercriminals .
The platform could allow malware to hook earlier into the Windows kernel - mode networking stack .
Windows 64 - bit kernel mode drivers have to be digitally signed which prevents malware from loading into the kernel , but a digital signature is not mandatory on the 32 - bit versions .
Digital signature is a reasonable mechanism in theory , but in reality , malware authors can still obtain a digital certificate to sign their malware binaries . "
Panda Security
Pedro Bustamante , senior research advisor : " Even though we are keeping an eye on it , we are not currently using the WFP platform .
The main shortcomings we see with WFP are the following : 1 . WFP lacks the ability create a technology which combines different techniques to maximize protection .
The technology is of no use if we cannot look at the packets that are coming in and out of the machine .
Also it should serve as a sensor to other protection technologies .
None of these abilities are provided by WFP .
2 . WFP is only supported by Vista[ link ] and above .
There is no backward compatibility and therefore you'd have to maintain two different technologies with very little or no benefit .
3 . Last but not least , WFP is a fairly new platform and we prefer to rely on a more mature and proven technology . "
Symantec Corp .
Dan Nadir , director product management consumer products : " Because of the newness of WFP , our products do not currently rely on it .
However , over time , we expect that it will make sense to migrate to it as the older interfaces we use do not or will not provide the full functionality we require , including Microsoft Logo Certification .
WFP is good because it was specifically designed to accommodate interoperability between multiple third - party vendors .
In principle , there should be fewer interoperability issues in the future .
WFP is also good because it is integrated with Microsoft 's Network Diagnostic Framework .
This is extremely useful because it makes it a lot easier for users to discover if specific software is interfering with network traffic .
Lastly , WFP should result in better performance and reliability because it avoids emulation and issues with conflicts or driver stability .
" On the other hand , WFP may introduce the same kind of problems that exist with any framework : Vendors who rely on WFP cannot address vulnerabilities within WFP itself nor can they expand beyond the specific services offered by WFP .
As a security company , the concern also exists that because many products will rely on WFP , malware writers could theoretically attempt to attack WFP itself . "
Trend Micro Inc .
Dale Liao , research director : " The greatest advantage is the compatibility with the OS .
Also , standard firewall has become the commodity .
We can focus more on value - added features on top of the standard firewall to benefit our customers .
The bad is if WFP has any defect and security bug , we have to rely on MS to provide a hotfix . "
WFP : The Bottom
A solid majority of the vendors I queried are using WFP now , some in parallel with other technologies .
They like the interoperability , the fact that it 's documented and " official , " and its supposed stability .
On the negative side , if all vendors rely on WFP it becomes a single point of failure , and they'd have to rely on Microsoft for the fix .
And it does n't yet offer packet - level filtering .
The big hurdle is that WFP is n't in , so any vendor that wants to support XP will have to run two parallel development tracks .
As XP fades and WFP evolves I anticipate more vendors will rely on it .
Windows 7 incorporates quite a few other security - related features ; I 'll look at those next .
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 11 votes ) Views : 36037
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 11 votes ) Views : 36037
A tall well - built woman with good reputation , who can cook frogs legs , who appreciates a good fucschia garden , classical music and talking without getting too serious .
But please only read lines 1,3 and 5 .
CLEVERNESS
Someone give this guy a medal .
Tags : motivators
A team of California rocketeers has won a $ 1 million ( £ 604,000 ) prize in a simulated lunar landing contest backed by Nasa .
The X Prize Foundation said that Mojave , California - based Masten Space Systems had a better landing accuracy than was achieved by Armadillo Aerospace of Rockwall , Texas , which got $ 500,000 ( £ 302,000 ) for second place .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The teams flew robotic rockets that had to rise more than 160 feet ( 49 metres ) , stay aloft for at least 180 seconds while travelling to a rocky landing pad , and then fly back to the starting point .
The flight profile simulates what would be required to descend from lunar orbit , land on the moon and then lift off again to return to lunar orbit .
Nasa put up $ 2 million ( £ 1.2 million ) in prizes for the Northrop Grumman Lunar Lander Challenge as an incentive to spur development of technology by space entrepreneurs .
In a less - demanding lower level of the competition , Armadillo was first and won $ 350,000 ( £ 211 , 692 ) while Masten got $ 150,000 ( £ 90,740 ) for second place .
A father - son team called Unreasonable Rocket had unreasonable luck with two rockets during the weekend in Cantil , California .
One rocket dubbed Blue Ball ran out of fuel in the lower level challenge .
Its second rocket , Silver Ball , which was intended for the top level , was wrecked in a test while tethered to a crane .
Andrew Petro , Nasa 's Centennial Challenge program manager at Nasa headquarters in Washington , D.C. , said in a press release that the contest had the intended effect .
" These companies have demonstrated reusable vehicles with rapid turnaround and a surprising degree of precision in flight , and they have done all this at a much lower cost than many thought possible , " he said .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Nasa will present $ 1.65 million ( £ 998,000 ) in prizes on Thursday .
Armadillo 's first - place award in the lower level competition was presented last year .
The X Prize Foundation managed the contest while Northrop Grumman provided support .
Questions are prearranged ;
‘ It was awful , ’ one US delegate says
HONG KONG — Former US vice - presidential nominee Sarah Palin said the US government was wasting taxpayers ’ money and could aggravate poverty , said delegates at her first speech outside North America on Wednesday .
Palin , the former governor of Alaska , gave hundreds of financial big-hitters at the CLSA Investors ’
Forum in Hong Kong a wide - ranging speech that covered Alaska , international terrorism , US economic policy and trade with China .
ADVERTISEMENT
Her performance , which was closed to the media , divided opinion .
Some of those who attended praised her forthright views on government social and economic intervention and others walked out early in disgust .
“ She was brilliant , ” said a European delegate , on condition of anonymity .
“ She said America was spending a lot of money and it was a temporary solution .
Normal people are having to pay more and more but things do n’t get better .
The rich will leave the country and the poor will get poorer . ”
Two US delegates left early , with one saying “ it was awful , we could n’t stand it any longer ” .
He declined to be identified .
ADVERTISEMENT
Palin , who shot to national and international prominence after Senator John McCain picked her as his running mate last year , stepped down as Alaska governor in July but has provided little insight into her future plans .
She is expected to write a book and has said she will travel the country campaigning for candidates who share her political ideology .
In the CLSA speech , which lasted about 75 minutes , Palin also tackled the recent US trade spat with China , a country she said the United States should have the best possible relationship with .
According to delegates , she said US President Barack Obama ’s administration worsened an already difficult situation when earlier this month he slapped duties on Chinese tire imports blamed for costing American jobs .
They said she praised the economic policies of former US President Ronald Reagan and criticised the current administration for intervening too much during the recent financial crisis .
ADVERTISEMENT
Although she touched on the threat posed to the United States by terrorism and talked about links with traditional US allies in Asia such as Japan , Australia and South Korea , one Asian delegate complained she devoted too much time to her home state of Alaska .
“ It was almost more of a speech promoting investment in Alaska , ” he said , declining to be named .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ As fund managers we want to hear about the United States as a whole , not just about Alaska .
And she criticised Obama a lot but offered no solutions . ”
Another said he was disappointed that she took only pre-arranged questions .
There were no apparent gaffes though from Palin , who was mocked during last year ’s presidential campaign for her lack of experience in foreign affairs and for her verbal blunders .
ADVERTISEMENT
Several delegates saw the speech as a sign of her ambitions to run as a presidential candidate in 2012 and a useful indication of the potential direction of US politics in the future .
“ It was fairly right - wing populist stuff , ’ one US delegate said .
Palin blasted Obama ’s proposals on healthcare , reiterating a previous statement made to the press that the plan would include a bureaucratic “ death panel ” that would decide who gets assistance , he said .
Another from the United States said : “ She frightens me because she strikes a chord with a certain segment of the population and I do n’t like it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
CLSA , an arm of French bank Credit Agricole , said it closed Palin ’s session to the media after she indicated that she would have to adjust her speech if reporters were present .
LONDON — Former prime minister Tony Blair is to be called to give evidence to an inquiry into the Iraq war , officials announced on Friday , six years after he controversially backed the US - led invasion .
Blair will be among senior figures from the ruling Labour Party to go before the independent inquiry early next year , just months before the next general election in June , which the party is tipped to lose .
ADVERTISEMENT
John Chilcot , a former civil servant who heads the inquiry , said the first five weeks of public sessions , starting on November 24 , would hear from senior officials and military officers .
“ We will ask them to explain the main decisions and tasks , and their involvement , ” Chilcot said .
“ That will give us a clear understanding of how policy developed and was implemented , and what consideration was given to alternative approaches . ”
Families of soldiers killed in Iraq have already warned they intend to confront Blair at the hearings over his support as premier for the war .
Blair , who has vowed to cooperate “ fully ” with the probe , faced intense public hostility after backing then US president George W. Bush in the 2003 invasion to topple Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein .
ADVERTISEMENT
His resulting unpopularity was one of the main factors which led to him quitting in 2007 .
His successor Gordon Brown announced the probe in June , honouring a pledge to hold one after troops had pulled out of Iraq .
Brown initially said the inquiry would be held in private but was forced into an embarrassing U - turn within days .
He also had to backtrack after saying it would not “ apportion blame . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The inquiry will examine the circumstances leading up to Britain ’s decision under Blair to support the invasion , and its aftermath .
The probe will seek access to government records and will also hear from the families of the 179 British troops who died in Iraq .
ADVERTISEMENT
Blair and government ministers will be called in January and early February .
The inquiry ’s report will not be published until the end of 2010 , or even 2011 .
There have already been two main official probes into elements surrounding the run-up to the invasion .
A leading coral reef scientist says the world 's industrialised nations need to cut carbon emissions by up to 90 per cent by 2050 or risk losing the Great Barrier Reef off Queensland .
Professor Terry Hughes from James Cook University , along with 13 other marine and environmental scientists , delivered a briefing in Parliament House this morning .
Professor Hughes told the gathering , the Great Barrier Reef contributes $ 5.4 billion annually to the Australian economy .
" The response was mixed depending on the political persuasion of individual politicians but I think that everyone realises that there 's a problem , " he said .
" Everyone is aware of the threats to the Great Barrier Reef , to other ecosystems through the land , fires on land , so the debate is about how we get to those targets . "
He says even a slight increase in average temperatures could cause massive coral bleaching on the reef .
Some of the highest growing trees in the world are also the oldest — bristlecone pines ( Pinus longaeva ) from the Great Basin in the western United States ( eastern California , Nevada and Utah ) .
The oldest example is more than 4800 years old .
Because of their longevity and growth at high elevations ( where the growth of trees is generally known to be limited by temperature ) bristlecone pines have been of particular interest to dendroclimatologists ( paleoclimatologists who study tree rings to reconstruct past climate ) .
Numerous ecological studies carried out at treeline sites all over the world show that temperature imposes a critical limitation on the ability of trees to produce new tissue ; mean daily temperatures of 8 - 9 °C are required , so recent warming will have particular benefits for those trees that have managed to eke out an existence for so long , living “ on the edge ” .
An interesting characteristic of the western bristlecone pines is that their recent growth has markedly increased — ring widths have been higher than in previous decades .
Previous studies have debated to what extent this “ fact ” is real , or just an artifact of the way tree - ring data are analyzed .
Because the growth of trees is radial , as trees get older and the diameter of a tree increases , annual ring widths decline in thickness .
This is the normal “ growth function ” that is commonly removed from measurements before further analysis is carried out .
The trick is to do this carefully so that as much climate information is retained while the growth function is discarded , and dendroclimatologists know how to do this quite well .
However , sometimes the “ standardization ” procedure can introduce spurious results .
This led some to regard the apparent growth increase in bristlecone pines to be a meaningless result of the data processing .
In a new article in the Proceedings of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) Matthew Salzer ( Laboratory of Tree Ring Research , University of Arizona ) and colleagues examine this issue head on .
They studied hundreds of trees from treeline sites in the Great Basin , aligned all the samples according to date , and simply averaged the results ( Figure 1 ) .
Given that these trees are all long - lived , the complicating factor of growth function ( which is strongest for the early growth of a tree ) was not significant for assessing the most recent growth .
Their results show that mean ring width in the last 50 years has been greater than in any previous 50 year period over the last 3700 years .
You have to go all the way back to ~1900 - 1300 B.C. to find mean ring widths approaching recent values .
Furthermore , the recent increase in ring widths is seen in trees at the upper forest border at sites hundreds of km away ( even when the treelines there were at lower elevations ) — but not in trees below the upper forest border .
Below the zone closest to treeline , wide rings are formed in cool , wet years , and narrow rings in warm , dry years , and trees from this lower zone do not show the 20th century growth surge .
It is thus clear that the bristlecone pines from the highest regions , close to their growth limit , are showing a very strong response to recent warming , and indicating just how unusual it has been in the context of the last few millennia .
Previous explanations have focused on possible CO2 fertilization effects ( increasing water use efficiency ) but there is no obvious reason why such factors would have affected only trees within approximately 150 m of local treeline in different locations .
Rather , the high elevation trees , close to the limit of growth , have responded positively to the recent increase in temperature just as ecological studies would have predicted .
One final note : bristlecone pines often have an unusual growth form known as “ strip bark morphology ” in which annual growth layers are restricted to only parts of a tree ’s circumference .
Some studies have suggested that such trees be avoided for paleoclimatic purposes , a point repeated in a recent National Academy of Sciences report ( Surface temperature reconstructions for the last 2,000 years .
NRC , 2006 ) .
However Salzer et al ’s study shows that there is no significant difference in their results when the data are divided into two classes — strip bark and non-strip - bark cases –when the raw unstandardized data are compared .
So that particular issue has apparently had people barking up the wrong tree …
Figure 1 : Median ring - widths ( non-overlapping 50 - year means ) of upper forest border Pinus longaeva from 3 sites in western North America , plotted on first year of interval ( from Salzer et al , PNAS , 2009 )
México tiene un rezago en comparación con otros países en inclusión de mujeres , coincidieron especialistas durante el panel “ Reinventar las finanzas para unir el valor y el compromiso ético ” del Women 's Forum Americas 19 .
En su intervención , Claudia Jañez , presidenta del Consejo Ejecutivo de Empresas Globales , afirmó que nuestro país tiene concentrado el debate en inclusión de género , mientras que en otras naciones ya pasaron esa transición .
En ese sentido , el director general de Berkeley Research Group , Frank L. Holder agregó que los países en desarrollo son los que tienen más dificultades en satisfacer la inclusión , no sólo de las mujeres , sino de otros grupos de la población .
“ Inclusión es acceso a educación , acceso a comida , acceso a transporte , acceso a telecomunicaciones , todo tiene que ver con crear las condiciones con las que las personas sean incluidas dentro de las economías formales del mundo ” , comentó .
El tema de México , dijo Holder , es más grave porque se trata de la mitad de la población .
“ Estamos hablando que hasta en igualdad de condiciones , a las mujeres no se les paga igual , no tienen acceso a créditos de la misma forma que los hombres y que a pesar de tener muchas responsabilidades ante la sociedad , no siempre tienen chance de participar plenamente en la economía ” .
Por ello , Claudia Jañez destacó la necesidad de tener reglas obligatorias sobre participación de mujeres tanto en el sector privado como público y que no sólo atiendan la responsabilidad social .
En tanto , la directora del Banco Interamericano de Desarrollo en América Central , Haití , México , Panamá y República Dominicana , Verónica Zavala expuso que sí es posible hacer inversión con perspectiva de género .
“ Si pensamos en el planeamiento de las ciudades , es un tema importantísimo , cerca del 80 % de las personas en América Latina vive en las ciudades , en el planeamiento de las ciudades hay muy pocas mujeres y si uno se pone a pensar , el diseño de los parques , el diseño de las avenidas requiere de la participación del 50 % de la población ” , expuso Zavala .
Financiamiento para el desarrollo sostenible
En otro tema , Verónica Zavala , afirmó que cada vez son más las empresas que están invirtiendo en proyectos sustentables , no sólo por un tema de responsabilidad social , sino por asegurar su rentabilidad a largo plazo .
Francisco Hernández , CEO en México de BNP Paribas , agregó que las instituciones financieras juegan un papel clave en lograr el desarrollo de proyectos sustentables .
Arancha González , directora ejecutiva Centro de Comercio Internacional expuso que las organizaciones ya miden sus resultados en su huella al medio ambiente y su valor social .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama lashed out on Saturday against the “ deceptive and dishonest ” efforts of health insurance companies , who he said are trying to kill healthcare reform , no matter the cost to the country .
U.S. President Barack Obama speaks at the Points of Light forum at Texas A&M University hosted by former president George H.W. Bush in College Station , Texas October 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
Sharpening his attack on insurers , Obama also signaled support for a congressional review of the insurance industry ’s long - standing exemption from federal anti-trust laws .
Some Democrats want the privilege repealed .
The Democratic president ’s push to revamp the $ 2.5 trillion U.S. healthcare industry , his top domestic policy priority , received a big boost this week when the Senate Finance Committee approved its version of a reform measure with the support of Republican Senator Olympia Snowe .
Many experts expect some version of a healthcare bill will pass this year , but there are still major disagreements on details , including whether the measure will include a government - run insurance program , the “ public option . ”
“ For the first time ever , all five committees in Congress responsible for health reform have passed a version of legislation , ” Obama said in his weekly radio address .
“ As I speak to you today , we are closer to reforming the health care system than we have ever been in history . ”
However , he acknowledged the overhaul still must clear significant hurdles before becoming law .
“ And there are still those who would try to kill reform at any cost , ” he said .
For decades , whenever we have tried to reform the system , the insurance companies have done everything in their considerable power to stop us , ” Obama said .
“ And they ’re earning these profits and bonuses while enjoying a privileged exception from our anti-trust laws , a matter that Congress is rightfully reviewing , ” he said .
BATTLE INTENSIFIED
THIS WEEK
The battle over reform between angry Democrats and health insurers intensified when the industry trade group America ’s Health Insurance Plans ( AHIP ) issued a report on Monday , on the eve of the finance committee ’s vote , saying Senate healthcare legislation would lead to increases in annual insurance premiums of as much as $ 4,000 by 2019 .
Democrats denied the findings , citing a report by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office that said the Finance Committee bill would make health coverage affordable to millions of Americans who do not have it and slow the growth of healthcare costs .
Defending insurers ’ position , AHIP spokesman Robert Zirkelbach said , “ We are not trying to stop reform as some have suggested .
We want reform that will work and can be sustained , and we are offering solutions to address the concerns . ”
He said threats to repeal the industry ’s anti-trust exemption -- the McCarran - Ferguson Act , which kept regulation in the states ’ hands -- was “ retaliation for us speaking out . ”
Obama maintained , however , that the insurance industry “ is rolling out the big guns and breaking open their massive war chest -- to marshal their forces for one last fight to save the status quo . ”
“ They ’re filling the airwaves with deceptive and dishonest ads .
They ’re flooding Capitol Hill with lobbyists and campaign contributions .
And they ’re funding studies designed to mislead the American people , ” he said .
Democratic leaders in Congress began work this week on merging the various committees ’ proposals on healthcare while keeping party liberals and moderates -- and Snowe -- happy .
Senate Republicans demanded Democrats allow more time to debate the details of the sweeping plan .
Obama has set the end of the year as his goal for passing a measure that would begin to slow increases in healthcare costs , regulate the insurance market and expand health coverage without increasing the federal budget deficit .
Health insurers ’ shares dropped this week after news of the finance committee ’s vote .
Obama vowed an overhaul will go through .
“ Every time we get close to passing reform , the insurance companies produce these phony studies as a prescription and say , ‘ Take one of these , and call us in a decade . ’
Well , not this time , ” Obama said .
To Do List ( A4 Paper – Grid Design )
Monday , November 30 , 2009 { 8 Comments }
If you are paper prototype lover check my previous experiment
Note :
Feel free to optimize everything for your needs inside Photoshop PSD file .
For the font I used Helvetica but in the .
PSD is Arial for multi-platform compatibility .
If you are paper prototype lover check my previous experiment Sketchbook for web designers
Responses to “ To Do List ( A4 Paper – Grid Design ) ”
In the office we all have A4 format white paper for printing and almost always we print only on one side .
Happens often we are not happy with the print and we threw away the paper or the blank side can be reused for re-printing .
Lately I ’m having trouble getting organized , many ideas little time .
For my long term projects my Moleskine works great , but I need something super simple to organize my week .
I know that there are millions of other electronic or paper solutions ( notebooks , organizers ) but they did n’t work for me in the past .
So I decided to build A4 grid based To Do List .
So I made simple A4 modular grid .
Invisible grid :
The final result : Or : So now I can use the non printed side of A4 paper for creating my weekly To Do List .
Like I did in the past I will share everything with you .
Maybe someone also will find this thing useful and try to reuse A4 paper .
Here are the files :
You noticed everything is essential there are not hours like 9.00 , 10.00 … to provide maximum customization .
Open the .png file and print it in landscape mode .
And that is it .
If you want also pocket size format take the A4 paper and curve in half and other half and other half .
The grid lines should match the white space .
And you have your own pocket size or extendible A4 to do list .
Enjoy !
Facebook is preparing the launch of their XMPP connection interface .
It means that users will be able to use Facebook with any type of XMPP clients , ranging from desktop to mobile clients .
This is a huge news for XMPP because it consolidates the protocol as the de facto open standard for Instant Messaging and Presence .
Facebook adds about 300 million potential users that can now use XMPP for chatting .
This adds to large Google Talk figures and the many other large deployments around the world , like Yandex and Live Journal .
XMPP could become the most largely used instant messaging protocol in the coming months !
Facebook announced on their developer blog they had the intention to support the XMPP protocol in May 2008 : Using Facebook Chat via Jabber .
It now seems the launch is close as the XMPP software stack has been deployed on chat .
facebook.com , as our bot at IMtrends have found out : chat.facebook.com on IMtrends .
We are proud that this XMPP support is built on a customized ejabberd XMPP server as announced several times by Facebook development team , including one of their latest conferences in Edinburgh in September 2009 : Functional Programming at Facebook by Chris Piro and Eugene Letuchy .
The missing piece is currently what login and password to use to connect , but I am sure it will be announced by Facebook in due time .
Good job Facebook team !
Update 10 Feb 2010 : Official Facebook XMPP support has been launched .
Read Facebook Chat Now Available Everywhere .
How to access BBC iPlayer , Hulu , Fancast , Pandora , any other region - restricted sites
Sorry , currently our video library can only be streamed from within the United States ( Hulu , a popular video hosting service offering high - quality streaming video of TV shows and movies , primarily from NBC and FOX and their cable networks . )
We are deeply , deeply sorry to say that due to licensing constraints , we can no longer allow access to Pandora for listeners located outside of the U.S. ( Pandora , a popular personalized music service )
The video you have requested is not available for your geographic region .
( CBS HD Videos )
Only viewers within the United States can watch these full - length episodes .
( ABC Full Episode Player )
Thank you for your interest in The CW .
This service is currently available to viewers living in the United States .
( The CW TV Video )
Veoh is no longer available in County_Name or This video is not available in your region .
( Veoh Internet Television )
All geographically restricted web - sites and country - based restriction relies on an IP address .
Blocks of IP addresses are issued and assigned to a specific country in bulk .
When an IP address is translated to be located in an unsupported country , the web - site blocks access of a user .
Thus in order to overcome regional restriction you need to have an IP address belonging to a supported country ( primarily the United States or the U.K. ) .
There are only 3 main methods to pretend having an IP address from a supported country which allows you to fool web - sites like Hulu , Pandora , ABC Full Episode Player , Veoh , the CW : using a proxy server ( real proxy server or CGI proxy ) , a VPN and TOR network .
VPN is not cheap .
You can hardly find any free VPN .
If you need a U.S. IP address you may try freeware Hotspot Shield ( Windows / Mac OS ) .
The program was originally intended to provide secure VPN tunnel for users accessing Internet via unsecure wireless networks ( like public Wi - Fi hot - spots ) .
When you browse Internet using Hotspot Shield , you do it with a VPN IP address ( in this case you can pretend to be located in the U.S. )
Unfortunately free Hotspot Shield is limited to 5 GB of monthly traffic .
Other free options : alonweb.com
( 1 Gb per month , 2 Mb per request ) , your - freedom.
net ( A rudimentary service is available for free .
It will provide a bit more bandwidth than a modem connection and up to six hours of usage per day . ) , cyberghostvpn.com ( free basic version -
connection speed cannot be guaranteed , automatic disconnection after six hours , 10 GB traffic limit per month ) .
You may also use paid VPNs : StrongVPN , HappyVPN , HotSpotVPN , Ivacy , AlwaysVPN , WiTopia .
Please note that many VPN services require you to install their software .
Few of them allow to use OpenVPN .
Also note that many VPNs limit your bandwidth and do n't like when you watch too many online videos .
Make sure to read the plan details carefully .
Some VPNs have special plans for watching videos .
For example HappyVPN offers plans for unblocking USA TV websites from abroad , for unblocking BBC and other UK websites , for unblocking German TV , for unblocking UK + USA TV from abroad .
is not cheap .
You can hardly find any free VPN .
If you need a U.S. IP address you may try freeware Hotspot Shield ( Windows / Mac OS ) .
The program was originally intended to provide secure VPN tunnel for users accessing Internet via unsecure wireless networks ( like public Wi - Fi hot - spots ) .
When you browse Internet using Hotspot Shield , you do it with a VPN IP address ( in this case you can pretend to be located in the U.S. )
Unfortunately free Hotspot Shield is limited to 5 GB of monthly traffic .
Other free options : alonweb.com
( 1 Gb per month , 2 Mb per request ) , your - freedom.
net ( A rudimentary service is available for free .
It will provide a bit more bandwidth than a modem connection and up to six hours of usage per day . ) , cyberghostvpn.com ( free basic version - connection speed cannot be guaranteed , automatic disconnection after six hours , 10 GB traffic limit per month ) .
You may also use paid VPNs : StrongVPN , HappyVPN , HotSpotVPN , Ivacy , AlwaysVPN , WiTopia .
Please note that many VPN services require you to install their software .
Few of them allow to use OpenVPN .
Also note that many VPNs limit your bandwidth and do n't like when you watch too many online videos .
Make sure to read the plan details carefully .
Some VPNs have special plans for watching videos .
For example HappyVPN offers plans for unblocking USA TV websites from abroad , for unblocking BBC and other UK websites , for unblocking German TV , for unblocking UK + USA TV from abroad .
CGI proxy or web - based proxy has been used to stay anonymous or to avoid being blocked by corporate firewall or filtering software for along time .
Proxy lists are available on many web - sites like proxy.org , privax.us .
Most free web - based proxies are very limited and do not allow you to watch videos or listen to the music .
or has been used to stay anonymous or to avoid being blocked by corporate firewall or filtering software for along time .
Proxy lists are available on many web - sites like proxy.org , privax.us .
Most free web - based proxies are very limited and do not allow you to watch videos or listen to the music .
Lists with Real proxy servers can also be found on many web - sites .
Many proxy servers ( IP addresses with port numbers ) do n't work , so it might be a good idea to use software allowing to find working proxy servers from the list .
Charon is a freeware program that searches for proxy servers and tests their anonymity .
It also includes a custom filter for dangerous ( fbi / gov / army ) ranges !
To use an HTTP or HTTPS proxy server you need to change the settings of your web - browser :
In the Internet Explorer go to " Tools " -> " Internet Options " -> " Connections " -> " LAN settings " ->
Check " Use a proxy server for your LAN " .
Click the " Advanced " button and enter the IP address and port number .
In the Firefox go to " Tools " -> " Options " -> " Advanced " -> " Connection Settings " -> " Manual Proxy Configuration " and add the proxy IP address and port .
can also be found on many web - sites .
Many proxy servers ( IP addresses with port numbers ) do n't work , so it might be a good idea to use software allowing to find working proxy servers from the list .
Charon is a freeware program that searches for proxy servers and tests their anonymity .
It also includes a custom filter for dangerous ( fbi / gov / army ) ranges !
To use an HTTP or HTTPS proxy server you need to change the settings of your web - browser : The Onion Router ( TOR ) Anonymity Network
The Onion Router ( TOR ) is a free software implementation of second - generation onion routing – a system which claims to enable its users to communicate anonymously on the Internet ( claims because TOR does not , and by design cannot , encrypt the traffic between an exit node and the target server , any exit node is in a position to capture any traffic passing through it which does not use end - to - end encryption , e.g. SSL .
So do n't mistake TOR 's anonymity for security ) .
Please also note that someone can use you an exit node to attack computers , distribute children 's porn , send spam and many illegal activities , and so police can come to your door to ask about it !
TOR ( The Onion Router ) is a free software implementation of second - generation onion routing – a system enabling its users to communicate anonymously on the Internet by bouncing network communication around a distributed network of of relays run by volunteers all around the world .
These relays are called onion routers .
TOR works with many of your existing applications , including web browsers , instant messaging clients , remote login , and other applications based on the TCP protocol .
It means that if the onion server is located in US , then it can be used as a trick to access US - only web contents .
To use TOR , user need to force the last node to be in the desired country ( the U.S. , the U.K. ) .
To use TOR you may try applications like OperaTor or OpenPandora .
Follow these steps to use TOR to bypass U.S. regional restriction :
Click Start -> All Programs -> TOR to open torrc file .
Append the following two lines to the the bottom of the file :
Code : StrictExitNodes 1 ExitNodes {us}
chosen country .
Instead of the country you may also show the node names explicitly .
The problem is that nodes become removed or inactive .
Furthermore other nodes can still be alive but other nodes have a better bandwidth and throughput .
You may also use freeware Advanced Onion Router ( AdVor ) which is a client for OR network and is intended to be an improved alternative for Tor + Vidalia +
Privoxy bundle for Windows users .
It is able to " force " a program and its plugins to use the Tor proxy regardless of its configured proxy Hulu.com has lots of interesting TV Shows and TV espisodes ( like Saturday Night Live , The Simpsons , The Office , Family Guy ) .
But if you 're outside the U.S. , you will get a message that these videos are not availably outside the U.S.
Other web - sites do the same : ( Hulu , a popular video hosting service offering high - quality streaming video of TV shows and movies , primarily from NBC and FOX and their cable networks . ) ( Pandora , a popular personalized music service ) ( CBS HD Videos ) ( ABC Full Episode Player ) ( The CW TV Video ) County_Name or .
( Veoh Internet Television )
All geographically restricted web - sites and country - based restriction relies on an IP address .
Blocks of IP addresses are issued and assigned to a specific country in bulk .
When an IP address is translated to be located in an unsupported country , the web - site blocks access of a user .
Thus in order to overcome regional restriction you need to have an IP address belonging to a supported country ( primarily the United States or the U.K . ) .
There are only 3 main methods to pretend having an IP address from a supported country which allows you to fool web - sites like Hulu , Pandora , ABC Full Episode Player , Veoh , the CW : using a proxy server ( real proxy server or CGI proxy ) , a VPN and TOR network .
Posted by Sir Cucumber at on Monday , October 26 , 2009
A public servant 's work is never done ...
President Jimmy Carter envisioned government as the " contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants , " and said that that people had a right to expect those wants to be provided for by that wisdom .
And in the spirit of this lofty yet pragmatic vision , the Dawn of Discovery series is to be commended for its message of man ’s endless striving to improve himself and his situation .
In Anno 1701 : Dawn of Discovery and it 's simplified sequel , simply - named Dawn of Discovery , you set out upon the New World to improve people 's lives through mass - production and the exploitation of natural resources .
Ism's and Schism 's are tossed to the wind in this brave new hemisphere , where everything is business and nothing is personal .
When your primary course of action is transaction , even the recourse to piracy is bribery .
Use of ungentlemanly force is truly a last resort , and only exercised with such cold asymmetry as a mortgage in foreclosure .
Eschewing this distasteful combat , most of the game focuses on providing for your people so that they might better themselves .
After meeting their physiological needs with shelter , food , and clothing are met , you tend to your flock ’s intellectual cultivation with religion .
Others seek study in schools , and companionship in taverns .
Soon they are a civilized people , sipping tea with sugar and attending the theatre with their university - educated children .
Like any level - headed European populace , your colonists are happy to pay their share for the government services you provide , enhancing their quality of life with crime prevention , sanitation , and universal healthcare .
Living in such an elevated age , with their stomachs full and senses stimulated , your people may finally turn to the higher pursuits of inflating real estate values and the endless accumulation of jewelry and chocolate .
And inexplicably , at this apex of their evolution , your people become unhappy .
As a class , they are inconsolably dissatisfied and preoccupied with lowering their tax rates …
Austin , Texas
Austin has always been a great food city , famous for barbecue , Tex - Mex and breakfast tacos .
Now , a new generation of chefs wants to make it a great restaurant city .
Chefs see opportunity in a city with a high - tech community , an influx of newcomers from the coasts and the headquarters of Whole Foods Markets .
The Austin City Limits ...
LONDON , United Kingdom —
The grave of Neda Soltan , the Iranian demonstrator whose murder , captured on a cellphone video , became an international symbol for resistance to the Ahmadinejad regime , has been desecrated , according to eyewitnesses in Tehran .
Neda Agha Soltan was killed at the height of the anti-government protests that rocked Iran during the post-election unrest in June .
Within hours of her death on the streets of central Tehran , a shocking video of her death went viral , making her the most iconic victim of the Iranian conflict .
Now the Iranian government appears to be trying to stifle all efforts to make her martyr of the resistance .
Despite enormous regime pressure to keep her family silent , Soltan 's parents refused to meekly walk off the public stage that circumstances had tragically ushered them onto .
Encouraged by the vocal family of a young man who died while in custody , Soltan 's mother publicly condemned the Iranian government .
Soltan 's boyfriend , Caspian Makan , also refused to keep silent , emerging in the international media to accuse the Islamic Republic of having targeted Soltan for assassination .
He was jailed for 65 days on the personal order of Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei and released in September on the condition he neither speak out nor leave Iran .
He fled Iran for an undisclosed location and , although he fears for his safety , he denounced the desecration of Soltan 's grave .
“ Once again the Islamic Republic of Iran has killed Neda , ” said Makan , reached at his secret exile .
“ This inhuman action only shows that the Islamic Republic is even afraid of the earth Neda lies in . ”
Hajjar Agha Soltan discovered that her daughter ’s gravestone had been shattered one day after the most recent protests on Nov. 4 during a visit .
“ As she was realizing it was broken , she was approached by a three - star police general and the man in charge of security for Behesht-e Zahra ( Tehran ’s largest cemetery ) , ” said Makan .
“ They tried to calm her down and told her a ' number of people ' came and broke it and we promise you that a new stone will replace it as soon as possible . ”
The officials said they did not know who the desecrators were and the stone was repaired by the next day .
Makan believes it unlikely that mourners or other non-state elements would have vandalized the gravesite and points out that the authorities have repeatedly erased graffiti proclaiming Neda Soltan a “ martyr . ”
A witness wrote in Persian how Hajjar Agha Soltan “ was shouting that Neda ’s gravestone was completely broken and covered it with flowers so that no - one can find it . ”
As more people were attracted to the wailing , some 30 to 40 security officials clustered in the cemetery ’s Section 257 to monitor the growing crowd , according to the written testimony .
The tumultuous scene was recorded on a mobile phone video that security officials confiscated , smashing the cell phone .
But this chilling audio recording from the scene has been posted on the internet .
Neda ’s mother can be heard screaming in grief as a group of men chant a Muslim prayer .
Iranian authorities buried several of those killed during the recent street violence in Section 257 of the cemetery , creating a focal point for wakes and anniversaries .
The spot is usually under surveillance during daylight hours .
“ They are always watching it , ” said Makan of Neda ’s grave .
“ Before I left Iran , I went very early in the morning to see her grave to avoid the surveillance . ”
Ever since this summer , when several hundred thousands of protesters swelled into some of the largest demonstrations since the 1979 revolution , the Iranian government has made great efforts to repress them before they could coalesce into groups .
Ordinary pedestrians crossing through protest areas are likely to be beaten by police and other state agents even if they have not chanted a single anti-government slogan , just because they are suspected of an intention to demonstrate .
Soltan 's parents were struck with batons and detained during the last bout of unrest earlier early in November .
They told those who detained them that “ we came ( to the protests ) because you destroyed the house of our daughter . ”
“ It ’s good we lost her and we will also disappear you , ” the guard who arrested them replied , according to Caspian Makan .
“ It ’s no longer safe for me to remain quiet , ” said Makan , in an interview to Britain ’s Observer newspaper .
“ I have to break my silence . ”
Makan is currently in an undisclosed country .
He is seeking political refugee status in the West .
In an interview he gave a few days after he was smuggled out of Iran , he wants to commemorate Neda Soltan 's death by creating a high - profile shrine to her memory in a major Western capital and he would also like to see the production of a “ Hollywood film about her life . ”
By Hilary Wainwright and Andy Bowman
October 9 , 2009 -- Red Pepper --
Thirty - five years ago , workers at the Lucas Aerospace company formulated an ``alternative corporate plan ' ' to convert military production to socially useful and environmentally desirable purposes .
We consider what lessons it holds for the greening of the world economy today
There are moments when a radical idea quickly goes mainstream .
A cause for optimism but also caution ; an opportunity for a practical challenge .
The ``Green New Deal '’ , a proposal for a green way out of recession , is such an idea ( see interview with Green Party leader Caroline Lucas , June / July 2009 ) .
It has now been adopted in some form , in theory if not in corresponding action , by governments across the world .
In Britain , the workers ’ occupation of the Vestas wind turbine factory on the Isle of Wight – supported by green , trade union and socialist campaigners across the country – has provided a practical challenge to the government .
The Vestas workers ’ argument , committed as ministers say they are to green investment , is that here is an exemplary case : so intervene and save green jobs , creating a base and a beacon for further action in the same direction .
Before the Vestas occupation , Ed Miliband , the British government minister responsible for action on climate change , made a welcome call for public pressure to achieve tougher action .
But when faced with a request from the Vestas workers to talk , the government showed no interest in practical collaboration with real - life pressure – particular and complex as it invariably is .
Why did n’t the government pick up on this opportunity to support a strategically placed group of citizens who were responding to the need for everyone to take responsibility for climate change ?
Strategic choices
Was it just political caution , a wariness of giving legitimacy to a campaigning alliance that includes political forces New Labour considers beyond the pale ?
Or is there a deeper divide at stake ?
A divide between those who believe that reversing the destructive momentum of the present economy is mainly a matter of appealing to the interests of private business , cajoling them to invest in green technologies as new profit opportunities ; and , on the other hand , those who believe that a green transition will at times conflict with the priority of profits and require a strong alliance with workers and citizens with the technical and social know - how and potential power to rebalance the economy with the needs of the public and the planet to the fore .
Vestas symbolises how we ca n’t rely on the motor forces of the capitalist market .
Here were green products but low profits ; hence , in a capitalist market , the result is closure and ``rationalisation ' ' .
How can the passions and reflections stimulated by the Vestas campaign be turned into the strategy we need for an effective and socially just green transition ?
There are serious gaps in our knowledge as to how , practically speaking , a socialised green energy industry might be achieved .
Vestas remains a special case – what about the polluting industries that the majority of workers are engaged in ?
There ’s a need for some quick thinking , and the excavation of relevant lessons from the past .
The words on many people ’s lips are ``Lucas Aerospace ' ' .
They are remembering the plan for socially useful and environmentally desirable products drawn up in 1975 / 76 by workers facing the threat of closure in a company involved in military production .
They were supported by the industry minister of the time , Tony Benn .
Meet the shop stewards combine committee
Flashback to January 1975 and a meeting of the Lucas Aerospace shop stewards combine committee .
The management of Lucas Aerospace was reacting to economic crisis by cutting jobs .
Listen in as 60 delegates from 13 factories discuss what is to be done at a specially convened meeting at a stately home turned trade union education centre just outside Sheffield .
The differences between their situation and that of the Vestas workers will be obvious .
They include the existence of a strong trade union organisation and some initial encouragement from a government minister – but on the other hand a green movement that was only embryonic .
Similarities emerge , however , and new insights can be gained as to how today ’s green movement can make common cause with workers to redirect the economy towards sustainability without loss of livelihoods .
By the end of that January weekend , the Lucas Aerospace shop stewards – a powerful mix of some of the best aerospace designers in the country , highly skilled shop floor engineers and so - called ``unskilled '' workers with a strong class and community consciousness – had taken a pioneering decision .
They decided to go back to their workplaces and involve their members in drawing up and campaigning for ``an alternative corporate plan for socially useful and environmentally desirable production ' ' .
`` Let ’s draw up a plan without management '' , said Mike Reynolds , a shop steward from Liverpool , at this historic meeting .
``Let 's start here from this combine committee .
It has grown and grown .
It has ability not only in industrial disputes but also to tackle wider problems .
Let ’s get down to working on how we ’d draw up a plan , on our terms , to meet the needs of our community . '’
The theme of using their skills to meet social needs – and demonstrating that their skills ( used mainly to make components for military aircraft ) were not redundant – was fundamental to their initiative .
`` There ’s talk of crisis wherever you turn , '’ said Mike Cooley , an inspirational designer then working at the Willesden factory ( and later sacked by the company for his involvement in the combine committee ) and author of Architect or Bee ? ( 1980 , Chatto and Windus ) , describing an aspect of the context familiar to us now .
`` We have to stand back … for it is the present economy that has a crisis .
We do n’t .
We are just as skilled as we were , we can still design and produce things . ''
Judging by the way that Lucas workers responded to the proposal to draw up an alternative corporate plan , Mike Cooley was voicing a widely shared ethos .
The combine committee sent round a detailed questionnaire to every factory to draw up an inventory of skills and machinery and to ask fellow trade union members what they should be making .
``Ideas poured in within three or four weeks '' , remembers Cooley , as we talk to him about the experience nearly 35 years on .
`` In a short time we had 150 ideas for products which we could make with the existing machine tools and skills we had in Lucas Aerospace . ''
Demonstrating alternatives in practice
The specific ideas are worth returning to ; they illustrate in a very vivid way the principles guiding the methodology of the shop stewards – principles that continue to have relevance today .
The ideas were presented as drawings and models more often than written proposals .
“ Can do ” rather than “ can analyse ” was the emphasis of the combine committee .
They insisted , against the conventional emphasis ( including by much of the left ) on linguistic skills and propositional and codified scientific knowledge , on the importance of tacit knowledge , of “ things we know but cannot tell ” .
This approach also illustrates the strong sense that the Lucas Aerospace workers had of the choices to be made in both the development and the application of technology .
Technology is not value - neutral ; it involves choices and alternative directions .
`` There is no single best way '' , as the introduction to the plan put it .
Guided by these kinds of principles , some product ideas addressed medical needs : kidney machines for the thousands who die through lack of available equipment ; a light , portable life - support system for ambulances ; a simple heat exchanger and pumping system for maintaining blood at a constant optimum temperature and flow during critical operations .
Another range of proposals concerned alternative energy sources , including proposals for storing energy produced during periods when it is not required for times when it is ; solar collecting equipment for low - energy housing ; a range of wind generators drawing on the workers ’ know - how of aerodynamics .
Others addressed the transport system and destructive nature of the automotive industry .
One proposal that was developed into a working ``prototype '’ , which they used as a form of technological agitprop , was a ``road - rail '' vehicle capable of driving through the city on roads and then running on the national rail network , with a capability of going up much steeper inclines than normal rolling stock .
Another idea involved a power pack with a small combustion engine that would enhance the efficacy of battery - driven cars , improve fuel consumption and radically reduce toxic emissions .
A final set of proposals were for tele - archic devices , which mimic the motions of a human being , in real time but at a distance .
They enable workers to use and develop their skill by working with the challenges of the physical world in a way that no simple robot would be capable of – as miners , oil drillers and so on – but in a safe and secure environment .
Significantly , the plan put forward democratic alternatives in relation to the organisation of production process , as well as the end products .
In emphasising the social usefulness and environmental beneficence of these products , it also challenged the imperative to accumulate and maximise profits .
Some of the products would make a profit within a capitalist market economy – some have indeed been taken up by profit - maximising companies in Japan and Germany , for example – while others would not .
Implicit was the possibility of a different notion of growth , not driven by the logic of what has been called ``the bicycle economy '’ with its driving necessity to accumulate simply to keep going .
Management ’s refusal to negotiate
It was a radical initiative , then , but pragmatic too , drawn up to be part of the collective bargaining process with management and government .
The Lucas Aerospace management danced around it but refused to negotiate seriously – because the alternative plan would have taken collective bargaining onto a level that challenged management ’s sole prerogative to manage .
The combine committee initially hoped the government would engage .
Talk of public ownership was in the air .
In November 1974 , a combine committee delegation crowded into Tony Benn ’s office when he was minister for industry to discuss the future of the industry .
He said he did n’t have the power to nationalise but stressed the importance of diversification and ``producing our way through the slump '’ .
It was Benn who planted the seed of the idea of an alternative corporate plan .
He offered the possibility of a meeting between government , the company and the combine to discuss it ( is there a lesson here for our current minister for climate change ? )
By the time the plan was ready in January 1976 , Labour Prime Minister Harold Wilson had sacked Tony Benn from the sensitive post of industry minister in response to pressure from the Confederation of British Industry ( CBI ) .
The doors of the ministry were all but closed to the workplace trade union reps – the people who knew what could be done to produce a way out of an economic crisis and had a vested interest in seeing such plans develop .
In a sense , the alternative plan and the combine committee were a classic product of the co-operative , egalitarian creativity of the late 1960s and 1970s : challenging authority and seeking individual realisation , but through a social movement – in this instance the labour movement – and all the more potent as a result .
It came up against trade union , government and management institutions stuck in the command and control mentalities of the 1950s , and the power of the movement was destroyed by Conservative Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher ’s onslaught against the unions and radical local government in the 1980s .
It could be said that the creative spirit of the 1970s got separated from the social critique and organised movements in which it was initially embedded and was appropriated by the more sophisticated sections of corporate management .
What relevance for today ?
With the challenge of diverse social forces now coming together in search of an alternative red- green economic strategy , is this a moment when that spirit of creativity and autonomy can be recombined with the organised power of the workers and citizens struggling for democratic control over the future ?
What new forms could this recombination take in the 21st century , when trade unions are generally weak and the left fragmented ?
What new alliances could be created as consciousness of the need for a socially and environmentally responsible alternative grows ?
The Lucas shop stewards showed that the most effective challenges to the dominance of the capitalist market were not abstract principles but concrete actions , the most important of which being the formulation of alternative ways of doing things .
The Green New Deal comes from the same realisation , but as a response to different circumstances .
Nonetheless , with the urgency provided by climate change , the growing influence of green movements and a labour movement in need of invigoration , maybe the Lucas plan ’s time really has come ?
Mike Cooley points out that the subtitle of the Lucas plan was ` `A positive alternative to recession and redundancy ' ' .
`` The underlying ideas are even more relevant now than they were 35 years ago '' , he argues .
`` Once again we are told that for many there is no work .
Are our hospitals so well staffed and equipped , our public transport services so frequent , safe and environmentally desirable , our housing stock so adequate and well maintained that there is no work to be done ?
Just look around .
There is work to be done on all sides .
What is lacking is the imagination and courage to creatively address it . ”
A renewed Green New Deal that involved such painstaking attention to grass - roots participation would be a worthy successor indeed .
And , with the speed at which things are changing in environmental politics at the moment , who knows how far such radicalism might go in a few years time ?
[ This article first appeared in the October / November 2009 edition of the British socialist magazine Red Pepper .
It is posted at Links International Journal for Socialist Renewal with permission .
Hilary Wainwright and Dave Elliott 's The Lucas Plan ; a new trade unionism in the making ? , first published by Allison & Busby in 1981 , and Mike Cooley 's Architect or Bee ? ( 1980 , Chatto and Windus ) are available second hand from http://www.amazon.co.uk, http://www.abebooks.co.uk and other bookshops .
Electronic subscriptions to Red Pepper are available , please visit http://www.exacteditions.com/exact/magazine/339/357.]
Just as music fans get excited when their favourite band goes on tour , so do we get excited when we can see a mathematical hero of ours at a conference .
This week we were in for such a treat four times over .
The opening session of this year 's virtual Heidelberg Laureate Forum ( HLF ) featured interviews with four people we were lucky enough to interview back in 2018 , when they won prestigious prizes at the International Congress of Mathematicians : Caucher Birkar , Alessio Figalli , and Peter Scholze , who all won Fields Medals in 2018 , and Constantinos Daskalakis , who won the Rolf Nevanlinna Prize .
Back in 2018 we reported extensively on the work of these four laureates ( see the links to articles , podcasts and videos below ) and yesterday we were able to find out where their mathematical journey has taken them since then .
Here is what they told their online audience .
Making machine learning fair
Constantinos Daskalakis won the 2018 Rolf Nevanlinna Prize , which is awarded every four years for outstanding contributions in mathematical aspects of information sciences .
Constantinos Daskalakis ( third from the left ) receiving the Nevanlinna Prize in 2018 .
One of the problems Daskalakis worked on affects many of us as we go about our everyday lives .
When people analyse or design systems to be used by many people — such as road networks , real or online markets , or even dating apps — they often use the mathematics of game theory .
An important notion in this context is that of a Nash equilibrium .
When you throw together a collection of agents ( people , cars , etc ) in a strategic environment , they will probably start by trying out all sorts of different ways of behaving — all sorts of different strategies .
Eventually , though , they all might settle on the single strategy that suits them best in the sense that no other strategy can serve them better .
This situation , when nobody has an incentive to change , is called a Nash equilibrium .
John Nash , after whom the equilibrium is named , proved in 1950 that a Nash equilibrium always exists in a game theoretical system .
If you think that this sounds too neat to be true , you are right , at least in practice .
" What we showed is that [ while ] an equilibrium may exist , it may not be attainable .
The best supercomputers may not be able to find it , " Daskalakis explained when we interviewed him for the Nevanlinna Prize in 2018 , awarded in part for this work on the Nash equilibrium .
You can find out more in this article , this video , or this podcast .
Daskalakis ' recent work is also highly relevant to people 's lives , but this time in another area : machine learning .
This area of artificial intelligence has recently made a lot of progress in replicating cognitive tasks only humans used to be able to do in the past , however there can be problems when it comes to actually using it .
Daskalakis is running a research programme designed to address these problems .
" For example , machine learning models are trained using data that you collect in the real world , " Daskalakis explained .
" The problem is that data we have available is often biassed . "
The reason for this could be to do with the way the training data is collected , but also with the fact that the society we live in is biassed .
" One of the challenges we are encountering is how to train an unbiassed system even though you are providing it with data that is biassed .
This connects to classical problems in statistics and econometrics but adapting them to the high dimensionality of the data that is encountered in machine learning . "
The problem of bias in machine learning will also be explored in another HLF session we are hoping to report on .
To find out more about Daskalakis ' research programme , see the video below .
Between water and ice
Alessio Figalli was awarded the Fields Medal in 2018 for " his contributions to the theory of optimal transport and his applications in partial differential equations , metric geometry and probability " .
As the name suggests , optimal transport theory is about finding the best way of moving a distribution of things from one place to another when there 's a choice to be made as to how exactly to do this .
This may sound mundane , but optimal transport theory actually poses deep problems in the theory of mathematical functions .
It was for his work on such problems , and applying the tools he developed to other situations such as weather forecasting , that Figalli received the Fields Medal .
You can find out more in this article , our video featuring Figalli , and our podcast .
In the last four years Figalli has been working on something that at first appears quite different : the phenomenon of a phase transition where a physical system undergoes a dramatic , sudden change .
Examples are water freezing to ice , or turning into steam .
Both optimal transport problems and phase transitions , however , can be modelled with the same type of equations : differential equations .
" There are classical equations that describe [ phase transitions ] , " Figalli said at the HLF session .
" In general you have two things at play .
You have an equation modelling the temperature of the water , for example , but you also have an equation for what is called the free boundary — that 's the interface separating the water and the ice .
So you have a system with two unknowns that interact and you want to understand the properties of [ both solutions ] at the same time . "
Although the problem and the equations modelling it have a long tradition , they are still difficult to understand .
" There is a lot of beautiful mathematics that enters [ this field ] and I am really enjoying working on this problem , " Figalli said .
" But , you know , mathematics is rich , there are a lot of problems [ to work on ] , and I also like to change and have new challenges . "
A neat tweak
Peter Scholze was awarded a Fields Medal in 2018 for transforming an area of maths called arithmetic algebraic geometry .
To get a loose idea about the motivation of Scholze 's work , think of the equation
This equation has the solution which is a rational number .
If we stipulated that we are only interested in solutions that are integers , then there would be no solution at all .
In other words , whether the equation has a solution depends on the collection of numbers we are interested in , or over which the equation is defined as mathematicians would say .
Peter Scholze
In a similar vein , Scholze wanted to answer questions about equations over different types of number fields .
In order to do this , he came up with so - called perfectoid spaces .
Although he only introduced the notion of such spaces in 2011 ( when he was just 23 ) it quickly made a great impact on mathematics , providing a growing new area of research , solving open problems , and opening up new avenues for research .
It 's this work that Scholze was honoured for when he received a Fields Medal .
You can find out more in this article .
When it comes to his more recent work Scholze highlighted what is intriguingly called condensed mathematics .
It 's to do with the fact that some mathematical objects are more geometric in nature than they might at first seem .
The real numbers are an example : at first sight they are just numbers , but on second sight you realise that together they form a line , which is a geometric object .
In a similar sense , mathematicians sometimes want to equip algebraic objects with a topology .
This does n't come with precise notions of distance , area , angle or volume , but it gives you a general flavour of a geometric shape .
For example , in topology a wonky orange still counts as a sphere and a wobbly rubber band as a circle .
But as Scholze explains , putting a topology on an algebraic object can lead to problems .
" A lot of techniques we have in algebra break down when you also have a topology in place .
But you can do a small tweaking to this notion of a topological space that has been around for more than a hundred years — this is what you call a condensed set .
And if you do this small tweak , which in practice does n't make much of a difference , suddenly all the good categorical [ algebraic ] properties are still there .
So there 's a thing called condensed mathematics where you can do algebra with some kind of a topology and it all works beautifully well .
Suddenly you can do all sorts of things — it 's quite fascinating ! "
Classifying mathematical beasts
Caucher Birkar with his Fields Medal in 2018 .
( PHOTO MARCOS ARCOVERDE /ICM 2018 )
In 2018 Caucher Birkar was awarded a Fields Medal for his contributions to an area of maths which goes the other way around from what we just described : algebraic geometry starts with geometric objects and uses algebra to describe them .
It 's an idea you might be familiar with from school .
For example , the equation
describes a straight line , and the equation
describes a circle .
The circle and the line are both examples of algebraic curves , but you can also consider algebraic surfaces , or even higher - dimensional geometric objects , defined by more complex equations .
Generally , these go by the name of algebraic varieties .
There 's an infinite zoo of of algebraic varieties , tempting mathematicians to classify them into species , just as a biologist might be tempted to classify butterflies .
It is for such classification work that Birkar received his Fields Medal in 2018 .
You can find out more about this in the article we published at the time , or watch Birkar talk about his work in this video .
In his work since receiving the Fields Medal , Birkar has continued to be inspired by the classification of algebraic varieties .
" This thing has evolved into a rather more ambitious and more inclusive kind of programme , " he said at yesterday 's HLF session .
An example of the kind of object that is central to the field are so - called Calabi - Yau varieties .
Interestingly , these varieties are important in physics .
Physicists are currently hotly pursuing a " theory of everything " which can explain all the fundamental forces and particles of nature in a single mathematical framework .
String theory is a candidate for such a theory , and it postulates that there are more than the three dimensions of space we can see .
The idea , loosely speaking , is that the extra dimensions are rolled up so small that we can't perceive them .
A Calabi- Yau manifold is a geometric object which can accommodate these tiny dimensions ( you can find out more in this article ) .
But Calabi- Yau varieties , and related objects called log Calabi - Yau fibrations , also play an important role in mathematics — not just in algebraic geometry , but also in arithmetic geometry and differential geometry .
It is this mathematical aspect that continues to fascinate Birkar and that he has been focussing some of his work on .
" The nice thing about [ the project about log Calabi - Yau fibrations ] is that it unifies so many central notions in algebraic geometry , " he said at the HLF session .
" It 's amazing that it relates to so many different things . "
As Birkar pointed out at the HLF session ( see the video below ) the research described here is just one part of what he has been doing lately .
But flexibility is one of the beautiful things about being a great mathematician .
" I am just woking and seeing where these things are taking me .
I am not fixed on what I should be doing in the next five or ten years . "
Our four laureates were interviewed at the HLF by Carlos Kenig , President of the International Mathematical Union .
Here 's the video of the interview :
What is the HLF ?
The Heidelberg Laureate Forum is an annual networking event at which young researchers get the chance to mingle with some of the best minds in mathematics and computer science .
This year the HLF is taking place entirely online .
You can see videos of the talks on the HLF YouTube Channel .
To find out more about HLF in general , see the HLF website .
And to see our all our coverage of this and past HLFs see here .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
President Hamid Karzai's rival in the second round of the Afghan presidential election has announced in Kabul that he is withdrawing from the poll .
Abdullah Abdullah told the BBC he had made the decision " in the best interests of the country " .
Earlier , he told supporters his demands for ensuring a fraud - free election had not been met .
But he stopped short of calling for a boycott of the run -off vote , due to be held next Saturday .
Mr Karzai had rejected Dr Abdullah 's demand that election officials who presided over the first round should be dismissed .
ANALYSIS BBC's Andrew North , in Kabul
It is almost certain the second round vote planned for 7 November wo n't happen .
Instead , pressure is mounting on the Afghan election commission to call it off and for the Supreme Court to issue a ruling declaring President Karzai the winner .
Despite calls by some of his supporters for the vote to go ahead , his campaign has now said it will respect any decision by the commission and other legal institutions .
Much of the pressure has been coming from foreign diplomats - the same diplomats in many cases who insisted on a second round to try to restore some legitimacy to the process because of the widespread fraud first time round .
But the United Nations as well as the British , American and other governments with troops here are not prepared to risk their lives for a one - man race .
It will be a deeply unsatisfactory end to the process but at the moment this is seen as the best option .
Then will come the decisions on a new Afghan government .
What next for Afghanistan ?
In a BBC interview , Dr Abdullah said he decided to pull out as " I felt that it might not help the democratic process , it might not restore the faith of the people in ( the ) democratic process .
" It was a hard decision and a painful decision for me , but I did it ...
I thought that it would be in the best interests of the country if I decide not to participate . "
He added that the decision that a run -off should be held had , in itself , " helped restore the faith of the people in the process " after concerns over the conduct of the first round of voting .
President Karzai's spokesman Waheed Omar said the withdrawal was " very unfortunate " , but the election should go ahead as planned .
The US has said a pull - out will not invalidate the vote 's legitimacy .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said it was up to Afghan officials to decide the next step in the election process .
" It is now a matter for the Afghan authorities to decide on a way ahead that brings this electoral process to a conclusion in line with the Afghan constitution , " Mrs Clinton said in a statement .
" We will support the next president and the people of Afghanistan , who seek and deserve a better future . "
She also urged Dr Abdullah to " stay engaged " and work for peace in Afghanistan .
Uncharted territory British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said : " Dr Abdullah has pulled out of the election in the interests of national unity . "
He added that he had told Mr Karzai it was now imperative that he formed an " inclusive administration " that could tackle corruption and build up popular local government .
The BBC's Andrew North , in Kabul , says Dr Abdullah 's withdrawal means this is uncharted territory , and it is unclear what will happen next .
MARDELL'S AMERICA
What President Obama needs to make a decision on future strategy is clarity , what he 's got is a mess
Read more from Mark Mardell
Have your say on Afghanistan
There has been much speculation that there could be some kind of deal which would possibly see the emergence of a national unity government , our correspondent says .
The international community is known to be very reluctant for the run -off to take place .
Instead there is a desire for the legal institutions of Afghanistan to come up with measures to bring the electoral process to an end .
Fraud claims
Hundreds of thousands of votes were discounted from August 's first round of voting , which was marred by widespread allegations of fraud .
An investigation by the UN - backed Electoral Complaints Commission ( ECC ) led to Mr Karzai 's share of the vote dropping to 49.67 % - below the crucial 50 % plus one vote threshold needed to avoid a second round .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Dr Abdullah was adjudged in the end to have won about 31 % of valid votes cast .
Emotion was clearly visible in Dr Abdullah 's face as he announced his decision to pull out of the race to be Afghan leader on Sunday , our correspondent says .
The decision was given to his supporters at a meeting in a big tent in Kabul , where Afghanistan 's first post - Taliban government was agreed eight years ago .
Dr Abdullah - a Tajik - Pashtun former eye surgeon - served as foreign minister in the short - lived government headed by the Northern Alliance , and continued as " foreign minister in exile " throughout the years of Taliban rule , which ended in 2001 .
He continued in the role in the government that was formed by President Karzai after the fall of the Taliban in 2001 , leaving it five years later .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Still Breaking Those Eggs–And the Omelets Still Taste Like Crap
In an earlier commentary piece , “ Breaking Eggs to Make Libertarian Omelets , ” I mentioned the Romanian “ libertarian ” Sorin Cucerai .
As I pointed out there , Cucerai does n’t equate the “ free markets ” and “ liberalism ” he advocates with anything so simple as , say , doing what you want with your own stuff , or freely cooperating and exchanging with others as you see fit .
No !
The fundamental prerequisite of a “ liberal ” order , as Cucerai sees it , is separation of the individual from the means of subsistence .
A “ market ” economy can only exist when the individual is deprived ( by such expedients as Enclosures ) of direct access to a source of food , so that he has no choice but to produce for the money economy in order to purchase subsistence goods from others .
But that ’s not the only contradiction in Cucerai ’s thought .
According to John Medaille , who translated Cucerai ’s article “ Repeatable Present , ” Cucerai treats human freedom as a means to the end of his more “ efficient ” capitalism in another way .
A second prerequisite of this more “ efficient ” capitalism is that durable goods disappear , so that our goods must be constantly replaced .
This is necessary because capitalist industry is capable of saturating markets , and at the same time uses specialized machinery that cannot easily be switched between products .
The solution is for us to keep buying the same things over and over , so they can keep producing them .
But this makes no sense .
Cucerai wants capitalism to exist because of objective efficiencies like technical progress that he sees resulting from it .
But at the same time , the prerequisites of his kind of capitalism include a great many inefficiencies — like the above - mentioned planned obsolescence .
More broadly , this seems to be a general phenomenon : the imposition of artificial inefficiencies to protect capitalist mass production from more efficient forms of production .
They include the artificial imposition of overhead costs , in order both to shut out competition from more efficient low - overhead microproducers , and to render production artificially capital - intensive enough to soak up all the investment capital that would otherwise be superfluous .
They also include “ intellectual property , ” to enable the owners of patents and copyrights to capitalize the productivity benefits of innovation , and prop up commodity price that consists mainly of rents on such artificial property rights rather than actual production costs ; the alternative , which must be suppressed by state action at all costs , would be for market competition to socialize the productivity gains .
Cucerai seems never to have considered the possibility that the removal of all these artificially imposed inefficiencies on which capitalism depends , taken together , might actually surpass the alleged efficiencies of capitalist mass production .
In particular , it seems never to have occurred to him that it might be more efficient to replace the expensive general purpose machinery with cheaper , flexible machinery capable of switching between products in response to demand , and thereby to eliminate the imperatives for push - distribution and planned obsolescence .
A society without planned obsolescence , in which production was organized in response to demand instead of demand being organized to meet the needs of production , and in which we could live comfortably with a 15 - hour work week , would be eminently efficient .
The concept of “ efficiency ” is meaningless , except in reference to the values and priorities of individual human beings .
Treating the sacrifice of human freedom as a means to the end of “ efficiency ” is a contradiction in terms .
A true market society is not one in which individuals are forced into the cash nexus against their will , but a society in which individuals are free to pursue their own goals by whatever means they see fit : the cash nexus , subsistence production , or the gift economy .
Human beings were not made for the market , but the market for human beings .
An atheist and an evangelical walk into a bar …
While probably the opening line of at least one joke , it ’s also a recurring image in the new documentary called Collision , which follows atheist pugilist Christopher Hitchens and conservative evangelical pastor Douglas Wilson through a series of debates .
The film opens with a scene from one of those debates — in a bar , both men perched comfortably on bar stools , two beer taps jutting up between them .
But it seems to me that the the film is misnamed .
The thing about collisions is this : when objects collide , they change one another in some non-trivial way .
Sometimes it ’s a crash , inflicting real damage .
Sometimes it ’s just a change in trajectory , as in the collision of billiard balls .
But neither Hitchens nor Wilson seems to have been damaged by their meeting , which led to the documentary ( however misnamed ) and a good deal of public exposure for both .
And if the film ’s substance is any indication , the exposure was largely positive — especially for Wilson who , prior to these debates , was probably best known for his controversial co-authorship of Southern Slavery : As It Was , which the Southern Poverty Law Center described as a “ repulsive apologia for slavery . ”
Apparently , Wilson ’s opposition to homosexuality is so strident that he is prepared to rehabilitate the Bible ’s endorsement of slavery just so he can preserve its condemnation of homosexuality .
None of this controversy appears in the film .
Perhaps
Hitchens did n’t know about it ; as he admits on camera , he does n’t like to research his opponents too much .
In any event , the film presents us with two men who appear affable and earnest — the sort with whom one might enjoy having a beer if one likes energetic intellectual discussions .
In fact , the relationship between the men is so congenial that I found myself almost wishing Hitchens would follow the unfair route of blaming Christianity for Wilson ’s more appalling views .
Perhaps , then , there might have been a real head - on crash .
So what about a change of trajectory ?
Was either man inspired to rethink his conviction in light of their debates ?
If you take a look at the exchanges that took place in the pages of Christianity Today that bookend the live debates chronicled in the film , the answer would seem to be no .
In those print debates Hitchens claims that Christianity , in addition to having no evidence in its favor , represents the world in ethically unacceptable terms — among other things , as “ a celestial North Korea in which liberty was not just impossible but inconceivable . ”
Wilson ripostes by claiming that Hitchens ’ atheist worldview offers no basis for justifying ethical judgments ( such as those Hitchens levels against Christianity ) or for motivating anyone to care about morality .
At the conclusion of their public debates , Hitchens and Wilson published a much briefer exchange in the Huffington Post .
And what do they say at the conclusion of years of interaction and , well , collision ?
Among other things ,
Hitchens represents Christianity as offering us a wholly unjustified picture of the world , one in which we live under the claustrophobic thumb of “ a never - dying tyrannical father figure . ”
Wilson retorts by claiming that if one takes atheism seriously , one is forced to conclude that nothing has value or meaning , and that ethical judgments ( such as those Hitchens wants to make ) cannot have any objective validity .
So what happened in the interim to motivate this total absence of change ?
The film chronicles a series of intellectual sparring matches in which , among other things , Hitchens accuses Christianity of endorsing or motivating moral horrors , and Wilson responds by claiming that Hitchens cannot meaningfully call anything a moral horror without first believing in God .
What , exactly , is going on ?
A Sales Script for Young Evangelicals
I think the answer may actually be hinted at in an interview with Wilson conducted after a pre-screening of Collision .
His interviewer was the like - minded evangelical writer and preacher John Piper ( who made news recently by claiming that a Minneapolis tornado was God ’s way of warning the Lutheran Church [ ELCA ] not to vote in favor of ordaining partnered gays and lesbians ) .
The audience , also comprised of conservative evangelicals , ensured that the interview was predictably soft - serve , and his message is illuminating .
First of all , he told Piper that he engages in apologetic debating for the sake of the faithful .
They are his audience .
The purpose of his polemics is to help shore up the belief of those whose faith has been made “ kind of wobbly ” by exposure to atheist arguments .
At one point Wilson expresses the hope that “ Christians in secular universities who do n’t know how to answer their professors would be equipped in how to do that , at least in their heads . ”
The last clause here — “ at least in their heads ” — is particularly illuminating .
Wilson clearly hopes that conservative Christian college students ( and others ) , when confronted with intellectual challenges to their faith , will not treat these challenges as invitations to critically reflect for themselves on the merits of their beliefs .
Instead , they ought to replay Wilson ’s polemics in their heads .
At another point in the interview , Piper asks Wilson about “ copiousness , ” which turns out to be something Wilson thinks should be cultivated by all Christians who engage in polemical debates with atheists .
And what is copiousness ?
It ’s a “ storehouse ” of prepared answers to various challenges to the faith , such that “ when he says something , there ’s something right there … from the Scriptures , from Chesterton or Oscar Wilde . ”
Put another way , Wilson advocates going into debates armed with a range of rehearsed responses and rejoinders — a flexible script , if you will .
I am reminded of the scripts that novice salespeople are given , scripts which including the array of “ rebuttals ” they ’re supposed to use in response to the various reasons customers might offer for not buying a product .
For the salesperson armed with this flexible script , the human vulnerability of the single mother ( one who expresses concern both for her children ’s safety and for her precarious financial situation , for example ) becomes a trigger for a set of prepared arguments that will ultimately result in a payment plan for a state - of - the - art , overpriced set of fire detectors .
One of the consequences of such scripts is that you do n’t need to engage in an authentically personal way with the other individual and what she is saying .
You just have to learn which objections or attacks to pluck from your toolkit in response to various challenges .
When it comes to selling a product , the purpose of such a script is clear : to keep the salesperson focused on making the sale , regardless of what the potential customer might say .
But what is the purpose of using such a script in a debate ?
It certainly is n’t for the debaters to learn from one another , to be challenged by new ideas so that they might rethink and refine their own convictions .
In a very real sense , it ’s about preventing such transformations .
When debaters rely on a flexible script , a challenge never triggers the question , “ Could my opponent be right about this ? ”
Instead , it sends them digging in their toolkit for the right retort .
And when debaters lose , they are inspired to refine or expand their scripts , rather than the difficult work of revising the beliefs the scripts are intended to defend .
Clearly , Wilson hopes that his debates with Hitchens will provide the faithful with scripted answers for their own toolkits .
But is he relying on a script himself ?
What about Hitchens ?
In a way , perhaps , but not in the way that novice salespeople regurgitate rebuttals written for them by someone else .
Hitchens and Wilson are more like the seasoned salespeople who no longer need such explicit scripts .
Instead , their toolkits contain an array of ideas , strategies of argument , and honed debating skills .
But this changes little .
Whether their toolkits contain crude instruments or state - of - the - art power tools , the objective remains the same : to secure victory for their own view .
Preaching to Their Respective Choirs
Victory means you do n’t need to modify your position — and the nice thing about the sort of contest Hitchens and Wilson pursue is that so long as both parties are well - matched , and so long as they both manage to get in a few good arguments , a few moments of mesmerizing rhetoric , or a few clever put - downs that get the fans cheering , both sides can declare victory .
There is no official scoreboard , and each can return to his respective constituencies at the end of the day and spin the contest as a win .
Wilson can go back to his evangelical fan base and say , as he did in the Piper interview , “ Hitchens has no argument … he just does n’t like God . ”
He can point to the vagueness with which Hitchens responded when asked to provide , on his naturalistic assumptions , an objective foundation for the good and the beautiful .
Hitchens can go back to his fan base and point out that Wilson never really answered the moral objections to his conservative theology , that he evaded these objections by making the unreasonable demand that Hitchens work out , on the spot , a fully adequate naturalistic theory of morality and aesthetics .
And so everyone on both sides can go on believing that they have the high ground and that the people on the other side are either irrational , immoral , or both — an outcome that works well for people such as Hitchens and Wilson , those who profit from polarization .
Of course , it only works if your opponent agrees to play by the rules .
This helps to explain why Hitchens expresses such appreciation for Wilson ’s willingness to stick trenchantly to his conservative theology .
“ I know where I am with him , ” Hitchens declares .
Put another way , he knows where the goal posts are .
He knows what will count as a score against his opponent .
And as I reflect on the character of the confrontation between Hitchens and Wilson and their mutual appreciation for one another , I come to better understand one of the most common criticisms of my own book , Is God a Delusion ?
The criticism is this : while my book is supposed to be a response to the recent wave of so - called “ new atheist ” bestsellers ( including Hitchens ’ God is Not Great ) , what I really end up doing is agreeing with most of their criticisms but then reinterpreting religion to avoid them .
While a bit exaggerated , there ’s actually some truth to this charge .
When Dawkins rails against the newest permutation of creation science , “ Intelligent Design theory , ” my response is , “ Yes , and it ’s not just bad science but bad theology , too . ”
When Sam Harris bemoans the doctrine of biblical inerrancy , I respond with , “ Yes , it ’s a terrible theory about the nature of divine revelation and an extremely dangerous one that strips any meaningfulness from the claim that God is good . ”
When Hitchens points to the violence done in religion ’s name , I respond with “ Right .
When religion becomes the basis for creating in - group / out - group ideologies , it has been appropriated by one of the greatest evils that there is . ”
When the new atheists point out the arrogance of religious claims to certainty about the fundamental nature of reality , I agree and note that such professions of certainty really amount to a kind of idolatry .
In short , I agree that much that goes by the name of religion falls outside the parameters demanded by both intellectual respectability and moral decency .
And I think atheist critics of religion can actually help us to identify those parameters and see where they have been overstepped .
Where I disagree is in the new atheist insistence that religion cannot fall within these parameters .
I think it can , but I think the effort to bring any human enterprise fully within such parameters is always ongoing , always a struggle , because human beings are finite and fallible creatures .
In response to these ideas , I have been accused of “ moving the goal posts ” — more often than not in precisely those terms .
The idea is that instead of trying to defend the goal that the new atheists are trying to score against , I ’m standing on the sidelines defending the water cooler and shouting “ missed again ! ” every time a new atheist kicks one straight into the net .
But I think this analogy tells us more about the current state of the so - called “ God debates ” than it does about anything else .
It seems to me that far too many people treat these debates as a zero-sum competition .
Hitchens and Wilson are eager to play that game — and , like sports rivals , they can enjoy authentic camaraderie off the playing field .
Winning the Argument , Losing the Truth
But that simply is n’t the game I want to play .
It is n’t the game that most religious progressives want to play .
Nor do I think society benefits when exchanges between theists and atheists are conceived in terms of the analogy of a sporting match .
So let ’s change the analogy .
Suppose I were a scientist developing an astronomical theory .
Suppose a rival scientist with a different theory points out a problem with my theory — some observation it ca n’t account for .
I think about his concern and realize he ’s right .
And so I sit down and revise my theory to account for the problem .
Would it be coherent for my critic to accuse me of moving the goal posts ?
“ He modified the theory to account for my criticism !
I had his theory nailed , and he goes and fixes it !
No fair ! ”
Of course such a response would be absurd .
Because good science involves listening to criticisms of one ’s theories , assessing their merits , and then , if they do have merit , modifying one ’s theories accordingly .
Good science is n’t about trenchantly defending an unalterable theory .
In good science , ideas evolve in the light of critical discourse .
There are changes in trajectory when theories collide , because good science is not about winning in the eyes of your constituency .
It ’s about seeking the truth .
It seems to me that it should be the same way with disagreements about what it ’s legitimate to believe concerning the fundamental nature of reality .
When we ask whether the scope of science and empirical investigation delineates the limits of what we may legitimately believe , Hitchens and Wilson come to the table with rival perspectives .
And they have important and interesting things to say about their respective theories .
They also have important concerns to raise against one another ’s views .
But there ’s also something else they bring to the table : a commitment to winning the debate .
And so when one of them shares his ideas and arguments in support of his position , the question the other is asking is n’t “ Is there a truth in this that I need to affirm and appropriate in order for my own viewpoint to be enriched ? ”
Instead , it is more likely to be this : “ What point can I safely concede , so as to look open minded , without risking losing the argument ? ”
The question is n’t , “ Where do I honestly disagree with this ? ”
Rather , it ’s more likely to be this : “ Where is this most vulnerable to attack ? ”
If they learn anything from their encounter with one another , it ’s about improving their game .
When they walk off the debating floor , what they are thinking about is how to more effectively respond in the future to the kinds of attacks they encountered .
What they are not thinking about is whether their opponent has a point .
If they start thinking about that , they ’re in danger of revising their respective views .
I am not saying that debates that take this adversarial form are wholly without value .
But their fruits are not going to be reaped by those who are caught up in the zero - sum struggle that is being played out before them .
Our court system recognizes this , and so introduces impartial judges and juries whose job it is to provide the synthesis that the contestants in the adversarial competition cannot provide .
But the sad truth is that when people like Hitchens and Wilson spar , it ’s easy to get caught up in the game - day fever .
It ’s easy because they make it easy — in part by adopting polarized and antagonistic versions of their respective positions .
In fact , one gets the sense that they chose each other as debating partners precisely because they knew that their respective target audiences would be appalled by much of what the other guy stands for , and so would be inspired to root for their own guy to win .
Hitchens and Wilson make it easy because an audience of partisans is precisely what they want .
And the open - minded quest for truth , of which Hitchens speaks so eloquently , is lost in the fray .
The Sarbanes - Oxley law also took steps to reinforce the independence of the Financial Accounting Standards Board , which writes accounting rules in the United States .
By giving the board a secure source of financing , legislators said they were protecting it from the threats of the companies that had previously made donations to keep the board functioning .
But this Congress has made clear that independence for the accounting rule writers can go too far  particularly if the rules force banks to reveal the horrid mistakes they previously made .
This year , a subcommittee of the House Financial Services Committee held a hearing at which legislators sought no facts but instead threatened dire action if the chairman of the financial accounting board did not promptly make it easier for banks to ignore market values of the toxic securities they owned .
The board caved in , which may be one reason why banks are reporting fewer losses these days .
But the board ’s retreat was not enough to satisfy the banks .
The American Bankers Association is now pushing Congress to give a new systemic risk regulator  either the Federal Reserve or some panel of regulators  the power to override accounting standards .
The view of the bankers is that the financial crisis did not stem from the fact that the banks made lots of bad loans and invested in dubious securities ; it was caused by accounting rules that required disclosure when the losses began to mount .
The amendment approved this week dealt with Section 404 of Sarbanes - Oxley , which has become a rallying cry for opponents of regulation .
Some Democrats seem to think that passing it will be seen as pro-business , and thus help to protect vulnerable Democrats who in 2008 won seats previously held by Republicans .
The sponsor of the amendment , Representative John Adler of New Jersey , is one such legislator .
Section 404 was adopted with little controversy in 2002 , and for good reason .
It simply mandated that public companies report on the effectiveness of their internal financial controls , and that auditors render an opinion on them .
Since the law already required companies to maintain effective controls  and had done so since 1977  it seemed unlikely that would increase costs much for any company that was already in compliance .
And it was crystal clear that controls either did not exist , or were evaded , at WorldCom and Enron .
The government of New Zealand responded with some irritation to my column last week , which castigated a national strategy for meeting its Kyoto climate targets by allowing greenhouse gas emissions to rise by 22 % from 1990 to 2007 .
All was well , it said .
The 600,000 hectares of forests that were planted in the 1990s would soak up all the excess CO2 – around 90 m tonnes of it between 2008 and 2012 .
In fact , the country was likely to be ahead of its Kyoto target of stabilising emissions at 1990 levels .
But back home this policy is controversial , to say the least , with many experts accusing the government of a sleight of hand .
They include the independent but prestigious Sustainability Council of New Zealand .
The central problem seems to be that when it comes to carbon , Middle Earth is a scientific minefield .
And the Kyoto rules give the government considerable potential to pick and choose which carbon emissions and which carbon sinks from forests it declares for the purposes of meeting its targets .
There are , it turns out , two sets of carbon accounts .
The full statistics delivered to the UN Climate Change Convention show that the New Zealand landscape is , as the government says , absorbing more carbon today than it did in 1990 .
But only a bit more .
Enough to cut its emissions growth from 22 % to 185 .
That is nowhere near enough to bring New Zealand into Kyoto compliance .
But , as the spokesman for the climate change minister , Nick Smith , pointed out to me this week , those are not the only numbers .
" The convention inventory includes a wider set of activities than under the Kyoto protocol . "
In a nutshell , the Kyoto protocol allows New Zealand to ignore what is happening across the wider landscape and simply report the growth of its 600,000 hectares of new forests , planted mostly during the 1990s .
That sounds dodgy , though within the Kyoto rules .
Even so , if these " Kyoto forests " had been specifically planted as part of a genuine policy to cut the country 's long - term contribution to global warming – we might still applaud .
Unfortunately it is not quite like that .
Those forests are not long - term sinks ; they are commercial plantations .
As Smith 's spokesman told me , they " are likely to be harvested in the 2020s " .
And , he added : " The government has no intention to ban the harvest . "
When they are harvested their carbon will return to the atmosphere .
The Sustainability Council of New Zealand attacked the government on this very point in a report on the country 's climate policies published last week .
It said : " The official Kyoto accounts ... have given a misleading impression of New Zealand 's emissions position ... treating carbon absorption by forests as income rather than credit . "
Claiming the forests as a carbon sink today is cynically offloading the problem to the next generation , it said .
Sometime in the 2020s , New Zealand will become responsible for a massive surge in emissions from its forests – just at the time when global demands for ever - deeper cuts in emissions are likely to be going into overdrive .
The government 's own civil servants seem to agree .
The New Zealand Treasury recently called the carbon accumulating in the Kyoto forests a " contingent liability " .
It warned that negotiators should take this into account when agreeing future emissions targets – such as a Copenhagen deal on 2020 emissions .
There is a final problem for New Zealand 's carbon credentials .
The government 's scientists have , in the past couple of years , been reassessing all their figures in a way remarkably beneficial to the government .
Last April , they reported to ministers of the incoming government that emissions from deforestation were almost 10 m tonnes a year less than previously supposed " due to new data showing smaller trees being felled " .
Meanwhile , they said , the Kyoto forests were absorbing a quarter more carbon than previously supposed " due to the trees not being thinned and being planted on better soils " .
Very handy .
But even Smith was moved to note the " volatility " of the numbers .
A number of scientists have been pointing out for some years that the Kyoto rules on forests were an Achilles heel in the protocol .
" If [ countries ] plant sink forests and make inflated claims for them , they know it will be impossible to either prove or disprove those claims .
It really is a cheat 's charter , " warned Michael Obersteiner of the forestry division of the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis ( IIASA ) , a thinktank based in Laxenburg , Austria , back in 2000 .
It may not be cheating , but New Zealand seems determined to prove him right .
• For regular updates before and during the Copenhagen summit and other green news sign up for the Guardian 's environment email newsletter , Green light .
Cloud computing : you may have heard of it .
It seems to be everywhere these days , and if you believe the hype , there 's a near - unanimous consensus that it 's the future .
Actually , a few of us have our doubts , but leaving that aside , I think it 's important to ask where does open source stand if the cloud computing vision * does * come to fruition ?
Would that be a good or bad thing for free software ?
Richard Stallman has no doubts :
" It 's stupidity .
It 's worse than stupidity : it 's a marketing hype campaign , " he told The Guardian .
" Somebody is saying this is inevitable – and whenever you hear somebody saying that , it 's very likely to be a set of businesses campaigning to make it true . "
The 55 - year - old New Yorker said that computer users should be keen to keep their information in their own hands , rather than hand it over to a third party .
Go on , Richard , tell us what you really think .
The problem is that even if – or may be even though – he is right , people are going to use cloud computing solutions because they are so convenient ( well , that 's my excuse ) .
Obviously , we need to mitigate the risks of doing so , for example by insisting on the right to move our data out from such services , and requiring stringent privacy safeguards .
So , again , re-framing my question : assuming we can sort out issues of security , privacy and the rest , and use cloud computing as well as it can be used , it it good or bad for open source ?
At one level , it looks pretty good .
Cloud computing is about harnessing economies of scale ; that , in its turn , almost forces suppliers to deploy free software , because the licensing costs for the software that keeps the cloud humming ( or whatever noise clouds make ) do * not* scale for traditional closed - source software ( unless , of course , you are Microsoft , and can use the code for free ) .
And indeed , we find that much of Amazon 's and Google 's cloud computing infrastructure is based on free software .
So in that sense , cloud computing is a huge win for open source .
As a result , it will always be cheaper to run enterprise applications running on GNU / Linux in the cloud , for example , so this may be enough to steer cost - conscious companies in that direction given that they also wo n't have to worry about the messy hands - on stuff like installing or maintaining free software .
What 's more problematic is that the use of free software by cloud computing providers does not trigger the the distribution clause of the basic GNU GPL .
This means that any cloudy tweaks made to free software by companies like Amazon or Google are not necessarily contributed back to the community .
The use of the GNU Affero GPL solves that in theory , but not in practice , since the core infrastructure programs – Linux , MySQL etc. - do n't use it .
So this would seem to suggest that a move from on - premises to cloud computing would actually * reduce * the contributions of code back to these projects .
Now , it 's plainly not in the interests of the cloud computing providers to kill off the very applications they depend on , so presumably some kind of compromise will be found whereby they contribute back some of their tweaks to help improve the code they run .
But the more pervasive cloud computing becomes , the fewer the on- premise deployments of free software , and the fewer the number of independent external contributions back to those projects there are likely to be .
The situation for general users of Gmail and Google Docs , say , is even worse .
There , they are unlikely even to be aware that they are running on free software – at least companies migrating to the cloud have to choose which platform to run their apps on .
This makes me wonder whether the open source world needs to address this problem directly .
I think it does , if it wants to remain relevant to vast majority of computer users ; the question is how .
Ideally , what we need is a completely open source cloud computing infrastructure on which applications providing people with things like ( doubly ) free email and word processing services could be offered .
Now , it 's clearly not possible to create the kind of huge facilities that Amazon , Google and Microsoft are building around the world .
Not even Mr Shuttleworth , with all his millions , could sustain that for long without charging somewhere along the line .
So simply running open source programs like Eucalyptus is not going to work .
The trick here is not to fight the battle on the opponents ' terms , but to come up with something completely different .
For example , how about creating an open source , * distributed * cloud ?
By downloading and running some free code on your computer , you could contribute processing power and disc space that collectively creates a global , distributed cloud computing system .
You would benefit by being able to use services that run on it , and at the same time you would help to sustain the entire open source cloud ecosystem in a scalable fashion .
Collateral benefits would be resilience – it would be almost impossible to take down such a cloud – plus integral privacy if data is scattered across thousands of machines in the right way .
Is there something like that already ?
The nearest thing I could find is Swarm , “ a true , distributed programming language . ”
This comes from Ian Clarke , probably best known for his Freenet , which is :
free software which lets you anonymously share files , browse and publish " freesites " ( web sites accessible only through Freenet ) and chat on forums , without fear of censorship .
Freenet is decentralised to make it less vulnerable to attack , and if used in " darknet " mode , where users only connect to their friends , is very difficult to detect .
There 's clearly a lot of commonality between Freenet and distributed cloud computing systems .
And as far as I can tell from Clarke 's video on Swarm , it seems to be addressing the right issues , although I 'd be interested to hear the views of people whose programming skills are better than mine , which never progressed beyond Fortran .
So , is Swarm the way forward for open source cloud computing ?
Or are there other , better projects out there that might solve some of the issues raised ?
Or should we just stick to Google and be grateful ?
Your comments , as ever , are welcome .
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca .
Someone sent us this chart today .
It falls under the category " too good to check " so we did n't actually try to sort out the data supporting it .
Microsoft 's much sought - after COFEE law - enforcement forensic tool has leaked onto the Internet .
One user uploaded it to private tracker What.cd to collect a huge 1.6tb bounty .
However , in a sensible move , the admins of the site took action to remove the link and ban further sharing of the tool via the site .
“ Law enforcement agencies around the world face a common challenge in their fight against cybercrime , child pornography , online fraud , and other computer - facilitated crimes , ” says the marketing blurb on Microsoft ’s site .
“ They must capture important evidence on a computer at the scene of an investigation before it is powered down and removed for later analysis .
‘ Live ’ evidence , such as active system processes and network data , is volatile and may be lost in the process of turning off a computer .
How does an officer on the scene effectively do this if he or she is not a trained computer forensics expert ? ”
Using COFEE , of course .
The Computer Online Forensic Evidence Extractor ( COFEE ) is a piece of software designed for the use of law enforcement agencies , and provided to the same free of charge by Microsoft .
And , largely because of its mystique , has been a much sought - after piece of code .
Indeed , on the private tracker What.cd , users had offered a huge bounty ( a reward for finding and sharing something ) of 1.6 terabytes .
During the last day or so , a user – who had only been a member for a matter of weeks – uploaded COFEE .
However , What .cd then took the unusual step of removing the torrent .
Not just an unusual step but , in my opinion , a very sensible step indeed .
“ Suddenly , we were forced to take a real look at the program , its source , and the potential impact on the site and security of our users and staff , ” said What .cd management in a statement .
“ And when we did , we did n’t like what came of it .
So , a decision was made .
The torrent was removed ( and it is not to be uploaded here again ) , ” they added .
According to the site ’s staff , neither them or their host was threatened by Microsoft or law enforcement .
The decision was taken purely on the issue of site and member security .
Of course , the tool is now widely available from other sources and while some are saying that the tool is useless to regular Internet users , there are others who disagree .
It certainly wo n’t take long for a detailed analysis to appear .
There will doubtless be lots of finger - wagging and complaints that this tool has become available in this way , but as with unexpected leaks of anything from software , to movies , to music , rarely is the finger pointed at the initial supplier of the material .
That is usually way too embarrassing to reveal .
The United Airlines plane was due to take off from Heathrow Airport
A United Airlines pilot was arrested on suspicion of being drunk on board a plane at Heathrow Airport on Monday , a Scotland Yard spokesman has said .
The 51 - year - old , who has not been named , was breath - tested and taken to London 's Heathrow police station .
The plane 's departure to Chicago was " imminent " , with 124 passengers and 11 crew members on board , when the arrest took place , a Heathrow spokesman said .
Passengers were put on to other planes after the flight was cancelled .
' Strict policy '
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said : " At 12.30 pm on 9 November we attended a flight at Heathrow Airport and arrested a 51 - year - old man .
" He was arrested on suspicion of being aviation staff performing an aviation function while exceeding the prescribed alcohol limit . "
Police are awaiting the outcome of further tests on the man .
" He was reported to police by United Airlines staff , said a BAA Heathrow spokesman .
A United Airlines spokeswoman said : " Safety is our highest priority and the pilot has been removed from service while we are cooperating with authorities and conducting a full investigation .
" United Airlines ' alcohol policy is amongst the strictest in the industry and we have no tolerance for violation of this well - established policy . "
Also , I can actually verify that she does read what people post on Twitter , but the fact that she was able to cite specifics to audience members again just shocked me .
This is also the first time I 've ever heard a political candidate - either one of my clients or one I 've heard speak , who actually understood our potential beyond volunteerism .
She actually talked about the remarkable ability young people have at coming up with creative solutions that older generations would n't have thought about .
She talked about the ability of youth to think globally because we 're more connected globally and she talked about a key component to heartland youth specifically - jobs for young people within our own state .
" We need your help in figuring out what the ideas are to put in practice so we can tell every child in Oklahoma that a public education is a quality education in this state .
We need to be figuring out what you think are the best ways to keep those kids in school before they drop out .
And then we have to figure out for all of our young people , whether they stay in school or they do n't stay in school how do we help you get the skills that you need to fill the jobs that we have in Oklahoma , so that you know that you have the ability to stay here to meet your own bills here to do things in this state where your roots are . "
I 've worked for a lot of candidates , really good people that I believe in and who have been elected or should have been elected , but few of them understood young people on any kind of meaningful level .
I only work for good people , and I 'm proud of what they do , but seriously this is the first time with any candidate my old political cynicism fell to sheer amazement .
Watch the speech here :
So , even though its coming from someone who 's working part time on the race , please know I 've never had a client , not now ... not ever who has ever been so on the nose .
I 'm excited to be involved .
2010 UFO Conference
But if you go through the UFO University here for the whole week , it 's pretty hard not to come out of it a believer
The IUFOC is very pleased to welcome more than thirty researchers and authors from around the world , including Jaimie Maussan , Travis Walton , Richard Dolan , Stan Romanek , Dolores Cannon , and many more .
They ’ll all be here for this one amazing week to bring you the best of all the new research relating to UFOs and the paranormal .
Click
Here for complete listing of speakers and topics covered .
" Experiencer Sessions " will be led this year by Mary Rodwell of the Australian Close Encounter Resource Network , who will also be presenting testimony from over 1600 contact cases in her lecture .
The Experiencer Sessions , as always , will be closed to press and media .
Convention mainstays such as the Wednesday night Speaker Cocktail Party , the week - long Film Festival , and the Saturday night EBE Awards Banquet will also be a part of this year ’s conference .
Attendees will have plenty of opportunity to meet the presenters in a social setting as well as in a professional one .
In addition to the seven - day , eight - night " Full Package , " the UFO Congress is offering a " Conference Only Package " which covers all events and presentations but allows attendees to make other arrangements for lodging .
Individual passes and a la carte ticketing is also available for those seeking to attend specific events only .
Media passes to the lectures are available ; contact the UFO Congress for an application .
Early registration for the Full Package starts at only $ 499 each * until January 18 , 2010 .
After that , rates go to $ 539 per person .
This includes admission to all presentations , the film festival , EBE Awards Banquet , and Meet the Speaker Cocktail Party as well as eight nights at the beautiful Aquarius Resort in Laughlin , Nevada .
Note : rooms at the Aquarius must be booked through the UFO Congress registration desk at http://www.UFOCongress.com or by calling the phone number listed below .
Prices above are based on double occupancy .
For More Information , Contact :
International UFO Congress
67 S. Higley Rd. # 103-408
Gilbert AZ 85296
Phone ( 602 ) 889-3083 | http://www.ufocongress.com
###
Anatomy of a bug :
This “ CT scan ” shows the “ bodily ” positions of molecular motors vital to a Mycoplasma pneumoniae cell .
They include ribosomes ( yellow ) for making proteins , chaperonins for folding them ( red ) , RNA polymerases for “ reading ” genes and pyruvate dehydrogenase enzymes for producing energy ( Image : Science )
The inner workings of a supposedly simple bacterial cell have turned out to be much more sophisticated than expected .
An in - depth “ blueprint ” of an apparently minimalist species has revealed details that challenge preconceptions about how genes operate .
It also brings closer the day when it may be possible to create artificial life .
Mycoplasma pneumoniae , which causes a form of pneumonia in people , has just 689 genes , compared with 25,000 in humans and 4000 or more in most other bacteria .
Now a study of its inner workings has revealed that the bacterium has uncanny flexibility and sophistication , allowing it to react fast to changes in its diet and environment .
Advertisement
“ There were a lot of surprises , ” says Peer Bork , joint head of the structural and computational biology unit at the European Molecular Biology Laboratory ( EMBL ) in Heidelberg , Germany .
“ Although it ’s a very tiny genome , it ’s much more complicated than we thought . ”
Master controllor
The biggest shock was that the organism gets by with just eight gene “ switches ” , or transcription factors , compared with more than 50 in other bacteria such as Escherichia coli .
Transcription factors are generally thought of as the key components enabling living things to respond to environmental conditions by switching genes on and off .
So how does the cell get by with so few “ master controllers ” ?
One possibility is that stretches of “ antisense RNA ” – basically genes copied back to front – stand in for the transcription factors as gene switches .
An even more intriguing possibility is that chemicals thought to serve as food – such as the sugar - like substance glycerol – are signalling messengers in their own right , helping to fine - tune what the cell does and how it reacts to changes in its environment .
Family surprise
Another unexpected discovery was that bacterial genes grouped together in clumps or families called “ operons ” do n’t work as had been thought .
The assumption was that if there are four genes in an operon they always work in unison , but the new analyses show that only one , or perhaps two , operate at any one time .
Even more surprising , the proteins the genes make do n’t necessarily always couple with their nearest neighbours – again contrary to previous assumptions .
Instead , they often join up with proteins originating from other , distant operons , vastly increasing the bacterium ’s flexibility and versatility when faced with a changed environment .
“ What we ’ve learned is that if you want to understand any cell and the protein complexes it makes , you ca n’t infer what happens from the order the genes are in , ” says Anne- Claude Gavin , also at EMBL , who co-led the project .
The protein analysis also revealed that the bacterium compensates for having so few proteins by employing each one in a multitude of functions .
“ There ’s lots of moonlighting going on , as each protein has lots of jobs to do , ” says Bork .
Motor position
The researchers produced a “ CT scan ” of the bacterium , which shows the positions of some its major molecular “ motors ” , such as ribosome protein factories ( see image , above ) .
The image was created by taking an electron tomograph of the bacterium itself .
This initially revealed no more than indistinct blobs .
But by using profiles of electron density of similar molecular machines , taken from the scientific literature , and superimposing them on the tomograph image , the researchers were able to identify which blobs were which motors .
The hope is that when the resolution of such images is eventually increased , many of the smaller motors will also be identified , Bork says .
It may even one day be possible to monitor what is going on in real time , establishing exactly how the genes and proteins work together .
If this can be achieved , it could help researchers build artificial organisms .
Journal references : Science , DOI : 10.1126/science.1176951 ( how M. pneumoniae ‘s 700 genes are coordinated and controlled ) ;
DOI : 10.1126/science.1177263 ( how the bacterium extracts energy and building materials from food ) ;
DOI : 10.1126/science.1176343 ( how proteins made by the 689 genes are bolted together to perform functions )
In 1986 , In Brooklyn , New York , the dysfunctional family of pseudo intellectuals composed by the university professor Bernard and the prominent writer Joan split .
Bernard is a selfish , cheap and jealous decadent writer that rationalizes every attitude in his family and life and does not accept " philistines " - people that do not read books or watch movies , while the unfaithful Joan is growing as a writer and has no problems with " philistines " .
Their sons , the teenager Walt and the boy Frank , feel the separation and take side :
Walt stays with Bernard , and Frank with Joan , and both are affected with abnormal behaviors .
Frank drinks booze and smears with sperm the books in the library and a locker in the dress room of his school .
The messed - up and insecure Walt uses Roger Water 's song " Hey You " in a festival as if it was of his own , and breaks up with his girlfriend Sophie .
Meanwhile Joan has an affair with Frank 's tennis teacher Ivan and Bernard with his student Lili .
Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
It looks like Tiger Woods has been boxed into a corner and his best friend , now , is time -- because he 's again refused to meet with the Florida Highway Patrol about the incident with his wife early yesterday .
Tiger may well be waiting for the telltale wounds to heal .
Woods ' agent told the Florida Highway Patrol Tiger and wife Elin Nordegren would not make themselves available to speak with authorities today about the incident that left Tiger with lacerations and one less fire hydrant on his block .
We know the Highway Patrol is suspicious of the wife 's account ... that Tiger just drove off and hit a fire hydrant .
She told the first officer on the scene from the Windemere PD that she went inside the house after the crash to get a golf club and then hit the car in an attempt to free her husband .
But we know she told a very different story subsequently to the Highway Patrol .
As we first reported , Tiger told a friend that his wife went ballistic at around 2:00 AM yesterday and scratched his face up -- all because of reports he allegedly had cheated on her .
He left the house , started driving away and she attacked the SUV with a golf club , Tiger told the friend .
He got " distracted " and hit the hydrant .
If Tiger and his wife acknowledge she scratched him up , she could be arrested for domestic abuse .
And , as we first reported , Tiger told his friend he had been taking prescription painkillers and that was why he seemed out of it after the crash .
Although we 're told there was no alcohol involved ( and that seems to be the case ) , driving under the influence of painkillers could be a problem , if it 's provable .
By the way ... one of the things the Highway Patrol wants to see is the marks on Tiger 's face , and whether they are consistent with scratch marks or impact on a car .
As we reported , there was no blood on the steering wheel , making the accident scenario suspicious .
But if the marks indicate a human touch and they last for a few days , we 're guessing Tiger will not show up at his golf tourney on Thursday .
ST . LOUIS --
The lowly Rams have someone who loves them .
Conservative talk radio host Rush Limbaugh said Tuesday he is teaming up with St. Louis Blues owner Dave Checketts in a bid to buy the Rams , owners of the NFL 's longest current losing streak at 14 and just 5 - 31 since 2007 .
In a statement , Limbaugh declined to discuss details , citing a confidentiality agreement with Goldman Sachs , the investment firm hired by the family of former Rams owner Georgia Frontiere to review assets of her estate , including the NFL team .
Rush Limbaugh , who is from Missouri , is considered by some followers to be the voice of the Republican Party .
AP Photo / Rob Carr
Limbaugh also declined to discuss other partners who might be involved in the bid , but said he and Checketts would operate the team .
" Dave Checketts and I have made a bid to buy the Rams and we are continuing the process , " Limbaugh said .
Forbes magazine has estimated the Rams franchise has a value of $ 929 million .
Frontiere 's children , Chip Rosenbloom and Lucia Rodriguez , inherited 60 percent of the Rams when their mother died in January 2008 .
Stan Kroenke , a billionaire from Columbia , Mo. , owns the remaining 40 percent .
It was n't clear if the Limbaugh / Checketts bid was for 100 percent of the Rams or just the share owned by Rosenbloom and Rodriguez .
" Our strategic review of our ownership of the Rams continues , " Rosenbloom said in a statement released late Monday .
" We will make an announcement upon the completion of the process . "
NFL spokesman Greg Aiello declined comment .
Spokesmen for Checketts and the Blues declined comment .
Limbaugh is a native of Cape Girardeau , Mo. , about 100 miles south of St. Louis .
He 's so popular among conservatives -- fans of his show call themselves " dittoheads " -- that he has been called by some the voice of the Republican Party .
Limbaugh , who lives and works in Palm Beach , Fla. , once worked for the Kansas City Royals and is an avid sports fan .
In 2003 , Limbaugh worked briefly on ESPN 's NFL pregame show , but resigned after saying Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb was overrated because the media wanted to see a black quarterback succeed .
Under Dave Checketts ' ownership , the St. Louis Blues have risen from moribund franchise to playoff contender .
AP Photo / Tom Gannam
Checketts , 53 , and his SCP Worldwide and Towerbrook Capital Partners purchased the Blues in 2006 from Bill and Nancy Laurie .
The Blues have gradually rebuilt under his leadership and made the playoffs last season for the first time since 2004 .
Checketts first approached Rosenbloom in early 2009 about possibly buying the Rams .
Eric Gelfand , a spokesman for Checketts , said in June that Checketts had put together a group consisting of local and outside investors .
An NFL rule allows ownership of NFL teams and teams in other sports , but only if they are in the same market .
That would be a problem if Kroenke wanted to become majority owner of the Rams because he owns the NBA 's Denver Nuggets and the NHL's Colorado Avalanche .
Checketts ' company also owns Utah 's Real Salt Lake Major League Soccer team .
But an NFL spokesman has said the cross - ownership rule does not apply to the MLS .
The potential sale of the Rams has been rumored since Frontiere 's death .
Her children both are involved in other interests and neither has ties to St. Louis .
The sale has raised concerns in St. Louis , which lost the Cardinals franchise after the 1987 season when Bill Bidwill moved the team to Arizona .
The NFL passed over St. Louis for the smaller Jacksonville , Fla. , market when it awarded an expansion team in 1993 .
Two years later , civic leaders convinced Frontiere , a St. Louis native , to move the team from Los Angeles , the nation 's second - largest market , back to her hometown .
Los Angeles still is without a team , and a loophole in the Rams ' lease allows them to move as early as 2014 if the Edward Jones Dome is not deemed among the top quarter of all NFL stadiums .
Though just 14 years old , the dome is fast becoming one of the league 's older venues , and getting it into the top quarter seems unlikely .
Checketts became the youngest person ever to run an NBA team at age 28 when he became president and general manager of the Utah Jazz in 1984 .
He later ran the New York Knicks and Madison Square Garden .
Preserve the 2nd amendment and firearms , THE NRA NEEDS YOU NOW !
May the happiest day of your past , be the saddest day or your future .
Today is the very first day of the rest of your life !
Jack T Chick
Jack T. Chick was born in Boyle Heights , California , on April 13th , 1924 .
From early childhood , it was obvious that Jack had an ability to draw .
He even failed the first grade because he was so busy drawing airplanes in battle .
As he grew , Jack was constantly drawing , and honing skills that God would later use in a great way .
While Jack Chick was alive , one news reporter claimed that he was likely the most widely read living author , based on nearly 900 million copies of his gospel tracts printed and distributed .
The centerpiece of Jack ’s 200 + gospel tract titles was , This Was Your Life , one of the most widely read gospel tracts in the history of the world .
Jack went to Heaven on October 23rd , 2016 , but before he died , he assembled a staff of likeminded believers who will continue the vision that God gave him .
Anywhere else , it would be a cause for celebration .
Later this month , a debut feature is to be released by the director of one of Britain 's most popular TV comedies .
Bafta - nominated for his work on BBC2's The Mighty Boosh , Paul King is also an award - winning live comedy director – and his new film Bunny and the Bull was selected for both the Toronto and London film festivals .
Here , then , is a cheering tale of a home - grown talent making his way in cinema , right ?
If only it were that simple .
" There 's a pack mentality with British comic films to go , ' What a heap of shit ! ' " says King .
" Your worst nightmare is , ' Oh God , I just hope my film 's not one of those …' "
One of those ?
Does he mean Sex Lives of the Potato Men , the inglorious 2004 sex comedy that the Times branded the worst film ever made ?
Or this year 's Horne and Corden vehicle Lesbian Vampire Killers , which one critic ( in a review that began , " The history of British cinema is strewn with disastrous misadventures by TV comics … " ) branded " witless and consistently abominable " .
There are plenty of other examples to choose from .
But what would that prove ?
That British film comedies – particularly those that joined the goldrush following Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg 's hit zombie spoof Shaun of the Dead – are uniquely awful ?
Or that there 's a cultural cringe - factor at play that leads , according to Sam Bain , co-writer of the Channel 4 sitcom Peep Show and the Britfilm flop Magicians , to British cine - comedies " getting slammed in quite an emotive way " ?
King finds those recent " high - profile stinkers " easy to dismiss – " You put lesbians and sex in the title , the impression is not one of high aspiration , " he points out – but the general air of underachievement that surrounds UK film comedy is harder to deny .
" We 've got a good TV track record , " says King .
" But it does n't usually translate to the big screen . "
That failure can be exaggerated , and often is – notably by Ricky Gervais , who rarely misses an opportunity to denounce the " terrible , Lottery - funded , tacky shit " that passes for UK film comedy .
But even insiders admit there 's a problem .
As Simon Farnaby , standup comic and star of Bunny and the Bull , says : " Withnail and I was made in 1987 , and it 's still the standout British comedy .
As far as British comic film tradition goes , there does n't seem to be one . "
Bunny and the Bull is being sold , inauspiciously enough , as " Withnail and I for the mentally ill " – presumably because it's about two male friends , one of whom is mired in agoraphobia and post - traumatic stress .
But the more likely comparison is with The Mighty Boosh , from which King lifts his magical visual style .
The European road trip taken by Bunny ( Farnaby ) and Stephen ( Edward Hogg ) plays out wholly in the latter 's imagination , using Oliver - Postgate - meets - Jan - Sˇ vankmajer backdrops , livestock made out of cutlery and a fairground constructed from the cogs of a carriage clock .
This is King cocking a snook at the cheap aesthetic of Britfilm comedy .
" We have such an inventive art and theatre heritage , " he says , " so it 's annoying that 90 % of British film is set on a council estate . "
According to King , British filmmakers " hide behind their budget .
' We did n't have much money so we shot it in my mate 's living room …'
But I know what you can do for very little , and I wanted something with visual drive . "
The resulting animations will delight Boosh fans – perhaps more so than the film itself , which operates in a different register to the TV show .
An introspective indie tragicomedy whose comic element slightly misfires , Bunny and the Bull may feature Julian Barratt and Noel Fielding – but their conspicuous cameos emphasise the film 's distance from its small - screen source .
" I know some people will go wanting to see Mighty Boosh the Movie , " says King .
" But we 're going to not give them exactly what they 're after . "
( Barratt and Fielding recently announced plans for their own Mighty Boosh film . )
When comedy talents take on the cinema , they face a choice .
Do they just scale - up their small - screen success ?
Or try something else ?
King chose the latter .
" What Simon Pegg did with Shaun of the Dead was go , ' This is n't [ Channel 4 sitcom ] Spaced .
It 's got the same people in it , and if you liked Spaced , you might like it .
But it 's a different proposition . '
That 's a better way to go than making Rising Damp the feature - length episode . "
Time was , the League of Gentlemen 's Jeremy Dyson would have disputed that .
In 2005 , he wrote a piece for this paper championing the sitcom spin-offs of the 1970s , when On the Buses outsold Diamonds are Forever at the UK box office .
But after the disappointing performance of the film Dyson was then promoting – The League of Gentlemen 's Apocalypse – he now sees the TV tie - in as trickier cinematic territory .
" We were naive , " says Dyson .
" Doing a comedy show on BBC2 , you focus on : is it good ?
But film is capitalism in its brutal form , and it 's about : how are you going to get an audience ?
We 'd never thought like that before . "
Were he to make another film , says Dyson , he'd " plug into something , like Shaun of the Dead did , that has universal appeal .
Approach it like one of those low - budget horrors which are guaranteed to recoup money . "
The days of the surefire TV - to - cinema hit are gone , he says .
" Things are more atomised now .
On the Buses was getting 20 million viewers .
A comedy show is now doing well if it gets four or five million . "
One such comedy is Peep Show , whose writers Sam Bain and Jesse Armstrong scripted Andrew O'Connor 's film Magicians in 2007 .
Like King , they chose to distance themselves from their TV series .
But then " the problem we had , " says Bain , " was convincing people that its different style and tone was going to be as good as Peep Show . "
The casting of Peep Show 's stars David Mitchell and Robert Webb confused the issue .
Says Armstrong : " The comparison with Peep Show was n't helpful to us . "
In deviating from their TV hit , Bain and Armstrong honoured the received wisdom that different rules apply to film than TV .
The failure to observe certain basic principles , runs this theory , has poleaxed many a Britfilm comedy .
Says King : " A sitcom is judged by laughs per minute .
In film , you 're working more to a narrative end . "
According to Armstrong , " Sitcom is domestic and small - scale , and people enjoy it when it deals with minutiae .
That does n't translate to film well . "
Similarly , " sitcom characters never change .
That 's the whole idea .
With film , the characters have to change . "
Recent hit In the Loop , which Armstrong co-wrote , exemplifies the changes required when a sitcom ( BBC2's The Thick of It ) migrates .
" It had more scope , more of an emotional journey , " he says .
" It had a subject matter – war – that made it suitable for filmic treatment . "
But Bain believes those differences can be overstated .
" TV writers turning to cinema feel that there are all these abstract rules to obey .
It 's got to have a happy ending , or a romcom arc .
But the only rule in film comedy should be : speak with your own voice , and make up your own rules .
In the Loop makes up its own rules , which is why it works so well . "
Unsurprisingly , its writer / director Armando Iannucci agrees .
The secret , he says , is " not to make a film by committee .
The bigger the budget , the more people have a say " – which is why he turned down offers from the US to help fund In the Loop .
" You do n't want to refuse anyone 's money .
But you have to be careful what strings are attached .
Controllers and producers are n't the funniest people in the world , and yet the decisions about what comedies to make , and how , often rest with them .
I did n't want to dilute the film or come under pressure to change it .
I did n't want loud music and explosions , and I did n't want a song at the end . "
Some of these external pressures apply not just to comedies , but British films in general .
Bunny and the Bull star Simon Farnaby has had " a couple of meetings recently trying to get films off the ground .
And often what you hear is , ' Where 's our transatlantic appeal ?
Can we put an American in ? '
And I say , ' Well , it 's supposed to be set in Guernsey , so I 'm not sure . ' "
Then there 's the film industry 's wariness of TV talent .
" You do hear sometimes , ' Oh , he 's a TV star , not a film star , ' " says Bain .
" I 've heard that in a few meetings with film companies .
I do n't know what it means . "
But in other ways , comedy is uniquely vulnerable to the culture of the committee .
For a start , comedies are hard to pitch – on paper , if they 're any good , they probably sound ridiculous .
And " everyone has an opinion about comedy , " says Iannucci .
" Which is fair enough , because we all laugh or do n't laugh at things .
But others may not have as good judgment as those who actually make comedy . "
The actor and comedian Omid Djalili is currently making The Infidel , a comedy about a British - Asian Muslim who turns out to be Jewish .
And " the main challenge David [ Baddiel , the writer ] and I encountered , " Djalili says , " is that we 're standups and we have a specific idea of what 's funny .
And we 're working with people from the film world who do n't think the same things are funny . "
The result : endless finicky negotiations over each joke .
But a far bigger problem than lack of autonomy , Djalili says , is lack of funds .
" You can't get away from the fact that it will look like a cheap British comedy film , " he admits of The Infidel , despite his faith in the film .
" We just did n't have money for big sweeping crane - shots .
We could n't afford the 50 more extras we needed . "
Several of the writers and directors I spoke to have worked on films without taking a fee .
" You can't pretend that does n't impact on the process , " says Dyson .
That impact is to make a tough job tougher .
Making a film is " incredibly difficult " , says Dyson .
" On telly , you can recover from a duff sketch .
On film , anything that is n't great is amplified . "
And whereas TV is a protected environment , says Sam Bain , " in multiplexes , you 'll get one British film competing with seven or eight American ones .
It 's as if every British sitcom had to go up against Friends or Seinfeld . "
Our comedies too often look naff by comparison .
" People – and critics as well – feel like film is this big pedestal , " says Bain .
" They 'll forgive a TV show , but they wo n't forgive a film . "
Why are we surprised , then , when comic talents take time to adapt to this world and to master the movies ?
It 's revealing that some of the best comic filmmakers – Bruce Robinson , Bill Forsyth , Mike Leigh – did n't make their name in comedy , with all the pressure to be hilarious that that entails .
Instead , they spent years honing their cinematic skills .
" When we did Peep Show , " says Bain , " we got to rethink it over two pilots , which were n't broadcast , and the whole first series .
We got three bites of the cherry .
In film , you get one bite , and everyone has high expectations .
You do n't get any chance to fail .
It 's difficult to develop a craft in that environment . "
Or in an environment in which , after one bad film , you 're accused of debauching a nation 's film culture .
That 's just another consequence , says Armstrong , of having a small , unproductive industry .
" In Hollywood you get a hundred films , of which five are great and you forget the others .
But because there are n't that many here , it 's constantly crisis then epiphany .
It 's ' The British are coming ! ' then ' The British are fucked ! ' "
The truth is more complex , and less dramatic .
" Comic film is n't something we can't do here , or we always get wrong , or it's impossible , " says Armstrong .
" It 's just that it 's hard to make good stuff .
And we do n't make enough films . "
Edmontonians will be hoping the Beat the Heat goal - tracker scoreboard gets a big workout Friday night at Original Joe 's Restaurant on 109th Street .
It will mean the Oilers are filling the net against Public Enemy No. 1 — Dany Heatley and the visiting San Jose Sharks ( 7:30 p.m. MT ) .
Original Joe's is making a charitable donation each time forwards Dustin Penner and Andrew Cogliano , along with defenceman Ladislav Smid , score a goal this season .
They are the three players Edmonton general manager Steve Tambellini reportedly offered Ottawa Senators counterpart Bryan Murray in the summer for Heatley , who nixed a trade by exercising the no-movement clause in his contract .
" Edmonton is one of the most passionate hockey cities and you can understand why they 're upset , " Heatley , who was acquired by the Sharks for Milan Michalek , Jonathan Cheechoo and a draft , told the San Jose Mercury News .
" But , like I 've said , there 's more to this story , from my point of view .
Whether or not they ( fans ) accept it , it is what it is and it's in the past . "
Oilers fans probably are n't as quick to forgive and forget .
They , like many in the sporting world , do n't like to be jilted .
Pronger wanted out
In the summer of 2006 , Chris Pronger was granted his wish to be dealt out of Edmonton for personal family reasons after helping Edmonton come within a game of winning its first Stanley Cup in 16 years .
He would return that November as a member of the Anaheim Ducks and pick up an assist in a 3 - 2 win overtime win .
" The fans in Edmonton are tired of stars either not wanting to come here or bolting , " Edmonton Journal hockey columnist Jim Matheson told the Mercury News .
" They feel [ Heatley ] was a spoiled brat , not wanting to play in Ottawa or Edmonton , yet wanting to play for Canada in the [ 2010 ] Olympics . "
Heatley could take the ice in Vancouver in February and have teammates Joe Thornton and Patrick Marleau as his linemates .
They have racked up 39 goals in 26 games for the West - leading Sharks who saw their record slip to 16 - 6 - 4 following Wednesday 's 7 - 2 loss to Chicago in a battle of the conference 's top two teams .
Thornton , Heatley and Marleau are third , fifth and ninth , respectively , in league scoring .
Heatley is second in goals ( 18 ) and fifth in points ( 29 ) .
Penner tops the Oilers with 26 points in 25 games , while Cogliano has struggled , mustering just eight points in 25 contests .
Smid has been a solid contributor on the blue - line , posting five assists and a plus - 6 rating ( tops among Edmonton defencemen ) in 23 games .
Smid on Heatley : ' I 'll run him over '
The six - foot - three , 226 - pound Czech said he would play Heatley tough should they match up on the ice .
" If he 's in the corner , I 'll run him over , but I have no hard feelings towards him , " said Smid .
The Oilers have made a point of not thinking about Heatley , a former two - time 50 - goal scorer , this year .
" We made a good attempt to bring Heatley to this club , " Edmonton head coach Pat Quinn told reporters .
" You move on … there 's lots of things that do n't happen in life .
I wish I had a million bucks , too . "
He 'll take a victory Friday night at Rexall Place , where the Oilers are 8 - 5 - 1 this season and 10 - 12 - 3 overall .
They are 2 - 2 - 0 on their five - game homestand and will be minus top - line forward Ales Hemsky for at least the next two games .
He had an MRI on Thursday to have a suspected shoulder injury examined .
Originally , Hemsky , who is second to Penner with 22 points in 22 games , was thought to be concussed .
Right - winger Colin McDonald and centre Ryan O'Marra have been recalled from Springfield of the American Hockey League .
Jeff Deslauriers will get the start in goal for Edmonton .
OAKLAND , Calif . – For now , U.S. Army Specialist Alexis Hutchinson has not been forced to deploy to Afghanistan , leaving her 11 - month - old son , Kamani , in foster care .
But in recent days matters hung in the balance , after plans for Kamani ’s care fell apart under pressure of other family members ’ special needs .
Hutchinson , 21 and from Oakland , joined the Army in 2007 , and has been stationed at Hunter Army Airfield , near Savannah , Ga. , since early 2008 .
She had expected to deploy to Afghanistan with her unit earlier this month , and in preparation , had flown here to leave Kamani with her mother , Angelique Hughes .
But after a week , Hughes realized she could n’t continue to care for her grandson on top of her responsibilities to a special needs daughter and an ailing mother and sister .
The Army promised Hutchinson a four - week extension to work out a new plan for Kamani , and in the meantime Hughes brought the boy back to his mother in Georgia .
But midway through the promised extension , the Army told Hutchinson she would have to deploy right away .
She then decided not to appear for the flight to Afghanistan .
Although she is not a war resister or conscientious objector , she contacted Courage to Resist , an Oakland - based organization that supports military resisters .
Hutchinson returned to base voluntarily after less than 24 hours .
She was arrested , and Kamani placed in foster care until Hughes again brought him to Oakland .
Hutchinson was initially threatened with being flown to Afghanistan for a special court martial after which she would face a year in jail ; she is now under restriction .
Hughes continues to feel she cannot care for her grandson in the long term .
Courage to Resist spokesperson Jeff Paterson said Hutchinson ’s was the first such case with which the organization has been involved .
The group put the young mother in touch with an attorney , and in an Internet appeal , asked people to urge Rep. Barbara Lee , D - Oakland , to request the Army not deploy Hutchinson so she could care for her son .
Lee ’s office declined comment because of confidentiality issues .
But Paterson said “ hundreds ” called Lee ’s office , and she had contacted the Army on the matter .
Hutchinson says she would like to find a caregiver for Kamani , but with her family ’s many health issues , she does n’t have many possibilities .
Paterson said he had not expected the military “ to make a big issue of this , just because it pulls on so many heartstrings . ”
But , he said , the move shows the pressure the military is under in terms of deployments to Afghanistan .
“ Maybe a year or two ago they would have given her a few more months to figure out what do to , or even give her the chance to leave the military if she could n’t find a plan .
But basically they told her she was lying and to work something out or be put in jail , and actually followed through with their threat . ”
Hutchinson ’s civilian attorney , Rai Sue Sussman , told Inter Press Service the Army contends Hutchinson is using the family situation as a way to avoid deployment , and says Kamani ’s grandmother should be able to care for him .
“ I ’m outraged by this , ” Sussman told IPS .
“ I ’ve never gone to the media with a military client , but this situation is just completely over the top . ”
Meanwhile , Courage to Resist is raising funds to help with Hutchinson ’s civilian legal expenses and her mother ’s travel expenses with Kamani .
Watch www.couragetoresist.org for new developments .
' I would not say that I lost faith in Twitter , I would say that I lost faith in my ability to negotiate it , ' says Stephen Fry
Stephen Fry , technophile and a " twillionaire " having amassed more than a million followers on Twitter , yesterday explained what almost led him to commit " twitticide " last month and consider leaving the micro- blogging service .
" I would not say that I lost faith in Twitter , I would say that I lost faith in my ability to negotiate it , " Fry said at a social networking conference in London yesterday .
" I do n't know about you but whenever I read a blog I do not let my eye drop below half the screen in case I accidentally hit the bit where the comments reside .
Of all the stinking , sliding , scuttling , weird , entomological creatures that inhabit the floor of the internet those comments on blogs are the most unbearable , almost beyond imagining , " he added , getting into his stride and echoing comments made by fellow comedian David Mitchell earlier this year about the standard of online commentary .
" Their resentment , their desire to be heard at the most vituperative level , at the most unpleasant and malevolent , genuinely ill - willed malevolent , level is terrifying and I am very often simply not able to cope with that , " Fry said .
" Twitter is usually not like that ... [ but ]
I found that the @ mentions were just getting ...
I could see these comments that would just make me upset . "
" I have no excuse for getting upset .
I am a public figure and should be strong enough and thick - skinned enough to take it but sometimes when I am a bit low I just could not take it and I kind of lost it for a while and thought , shall I commit twitticide ?
I have slowly eased my way back and it is great , but I just have to be aware of that issue . "
His " hiccup " came at the end of a month that saw Twitter hit the headlines after the Guardian was gagged from reporting a question in parliament about the actions of oil company Trafigura and the " twitterverse " rose up in protest at an article by Daily Mail columnist Jan Moir about the death of Boyzone singer Stephen Gately .
Fry himself used Twitter to voice his own fury at Moir 's column saying , " I gather a repulsive nobody writing in a paper no one of any decency would be seen dead with has written something loathsome and inhumane " .
Fry was speaking yesterday in a panel discussion about social networking , alongside Twitter co-founder Biz Stone and Linked In founder Reid Hoffman , organised by the National Endowment for Science , Technology and the Arts ( Nesta ) .
During the debate he was asked by Tom Loosemore , who heads up Channel 4's 4IP innovation fund , whether there was a danger with the micro- blogging site that people would merely use it as a way of speaking to like - minded followers rather than engaging in real debate .
" It 's a very British question : this idea that somehow we have a duty to put ourselves in the position where our enemies are allowed to speak to us and we have to hear them , " Fry retorted .
" There is something faintly disgusting in someone who merely wants to have sycophantic voices cooing in his ear and licking his inner thigh ... but on the other hand it is a bit much that somehow people almost feel they have a right to be heard in their insulting of me .
If I do n't want to hear people being unpleasant about me I should have the right to turn it off . "
" It 's not like a cold shower : you must have a certain percentage of people telling you you are nothing and it's damn good for you . "
Twitter co-founder Stone , meanwhile , was called upon to defend his company against the charge that tweets are pointless musing while social networking sites are making people more isolated as they turn to their computer screens rather than meeting people in real life .
" I may send out a tweet that is seemingly of little value to most people like , ' I am enjoying a beer at Logan International Airport in Boston ' and someone may say , ' who cares ? ' , " Stone said .
" But someone else who is walking through the airport and receives that tweet on their mobile in real time could join me for a beer , and we could come up with an idea for a company that is wildly successful and we will have turned that lead into gold .
" That is happening a million times a second because people are communicating publicly .
It is untrue that we are becoming more isolated because of these tools , I think we are connecting more and we are finding new ways to do good .
" A friend of mine asked me , ' what do you hope people will say about Twitter in five or 10 years ? ' and my answer to him , which I was surprised to hear myself say , was that I hope people will not consider Twitter a triumph of technology , instead that they will consider it a triumph of humanity . "
" The idea that the open exchange of information can have a positive global impact .
If people are more informed then they become more engaged and if they are more engaged then they can become more empathetic . "
Plants may not have eyes and ears , but they can recognize their siblings , and researchers at the University of Delaware have discovered how .
The ID system lies in the roots and the chemical cues they secrete .
The finding not only sheds light on the intriguing sensing system in plants , but also may have implications for agriculture and even home gardening .
The study , which is reported in the scientific journal Communicative & Integrative Biology , was led by Harsh Bais , assistant professor of plant and soil sciences at the University of Delaware .
Canadian researchers published in 2007 that sea rocket , a common seashore plant , can recognize its siblings — plants grown from seeds from the same mother .
Susan Dudley , an evolutionary plant ecologist at McMaster University in Hamilton , Ontario , and her colleagues observed that when siblings are grown next to each other in the soil , they “ play nice ” and do n't send out more roots to compete with one another .
However , the moment one of the plants is thrown in with strangers , it begins competing with them by rapidly growing more roots to take up the water and mineral nutrients in the soil .
Bais , who has conducted a variety of research on plant signaling systems , read Dudley 's study and wanted to find the mechanism behind the sibling recognition .
“ Plants have no visible sensory markers , and they can't run away from where they are planted , ” Bais says .
“ It then becomes a search for more complex patterns of recognition . ”
Working in his laboratory at the Delaware Biotechnology Institute , a major center for life sciences research at UD , Bais and doctoral student Meredith Biedrzycki set up a study with wild populations of Arabidopsis thaliana .
They utilized wild populations to avoid issues with this common laboratory - bred species , which “ always has cousins floating around in the lab , ” Bais says .
In a series of experiments , young seedlings were exposed to liquid media containing the root secretions or “ exudates ” from siblings , from strangers ( non-siblings ) , or only their own exudates .
The length of the longest lateral root and of the hypocotyl , the first leaf - like structure that forms on the plant , were measured .
Additionally , in one experiment , the root exudates were inhibited by sodium orthovanadate , which specifically blocks root secretions without imparting adverse growth effects on roots .
The exposure of plants to the root exudates of strangers induced greater lateral root formation than exposure of plants to sibling exudates .
Stranger recognition was abolished upon treatment with the secretion inhibitor .
Biedrzycki did the painstaking laboratory research , rotating more than 3,000 plants involved in the study every day for seven consecutive days and documenting the root patterns .
“ The research was very painstaking because Arabidopsis roots are nearly translucent when they are young and were also tangled when I removed them from plates , so measuring the roots took a great amount of patience , ” Biedrzycki notes .
“ This manuscript is very important for my research since the focus of my thesis project is understanding the biochemical mechanism behind root secretions , ” she says .
“ This research has allowed me to probe the natural mechanism of kin recognition and root secretion . ”
The study was replicated by Dudley 's lab in Canada , with similar results .
Strangers planted next to each other are often shorter , Bais notes , because so much of their energy is directed at root growth .
Because siblings are n't competing against each other , their roots are often much shallower .
Bais says he and his colleagues also have noticed that as sibling plants grow next to each other , their leaves often will touch and intertwine compared to strangers that grow rigidly upright and avoid touching .
The study leaves a lot of unanswered questions that Bais hopes to explore further .
How might sibling plants grown in large “ monocultures , ” such as corn or other major crop plants , be affected ?
Are they more susceptible to pathogens ?
And how do they survive without competing ?
“ It 's possible that when kin are grown together , they may balance their nutrient uptake and not be greedy , ” Bais speculates .
The research also may have implications for the home gardener .
“ Often we 'll put plants in the ground next to each other and when they do n't do well , we blame the local garden center where we bought them or we attribute their failure to a pathogen , ” Bais says .
“ But maybe there 's more to it than that . ”
Bais 's research was supported by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) and by the NSF - Delaware Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research ( EPSCoR ) .
The Natural Science and Engineering Research Council of Canada provided research funding to Dudley .
Former French president vows to fight allegations that as mayor of Paris he paid cronies for non-existent jobs
Jacques Chirac , the former French president , has been ordered to stand trial on embezzlement charges over accusations he rewarded cronies with payments for non-existent jobs while mayor of Paris .
If the case goes ahead it will make Chirac the first holder of France 's highest office to face a corruption trial .
The Paris public prosecutor has previously said the charges should be thrown out and is expected to appeal against the ruling by an investigating magistrate , Xavière Simeoni , that the evidence against Chirac warrants a trial .
Chirac was mayor of the French capital between 1977 and 1995 before being elected to the Elyseé for 12 years .
He is accused of having used his position as mayor to award 21 " ghost " contracts to his political aides and paying them from the city payroll .
Upon hearing news of Simeoni's recommendation , Chirac declared himself to be " serene " and " determined to prove " that the allegations are false .
Protected throughout his two terms as president by constitutional immunity , the 76 - year - old political grandee 's name has been mentioned in several alleged corruption controversies since he was succeeded by Nicolas Sarkozy in 2007 .
The " sham jobs " affair , as the local media have dubbed it , is the first to have led to the prospect of him standing trial .
The charges were first made in November 2007 and stem from 35 allegedly fictitious contracts awarded while and just after he was Paris mayor .
After trawling through 481 supposedly fake deals , Simeoni decided that 21 of them were for non-existent employment .
Simeoni threw out other charges of forging government documents .
If the Paris prosecutor 's appeal fails and Simeoni gets her way , it will be a spectacular fall from grace for a man who in recent years has succeeded in transforming his public image from that of cynical political manipulator to genial grandfather of the nation .
Since vacating the Elyseé , Chirac has enjoyed an unexpected resurgence in popularity – due at least partly to the contrast between his conservative image and his successor 's ostentatiousness .
Next week will see the release of his keenly awaited memoirs .
His post - presidential comeback has not been to everyone 's taste .
A number of scandals emanating from his period in office have left his reputation largely unsullied while tearing those of other people to shreds .
This week , the former interior minister Charles Pasqua demanded that Chirac " shoulder his responsibilities " in an arms trafficking trial that led to convictions for Pasqua and several others .
The so - called Clearstream trial wrapped up last week .
Chirac 's former prime minister and key ally Dominique de Villepin stood accused of concocting an elaborate smear campaign against Sarkozy .
Day nine of the trial between anti-piracy group AFACT and Aussie ISP iiNet.
Today iiNet CEO Michael Malone was extensively cross-examined by AFACT 's senior counsel over his company 's piracy policy and moves he took to change that of Westnet , the ISP iiNet acquired in 2008 .
It ’s day nine in the copyright infringement case of AFACT – representing several Hollywood studios – and Aussie ISP iiNet ( earlier coverage of day one , day two , day three , day four , day five , day six , day seven , day eight .
Today , iiNet CEO Michael Malone was questioned at length over dealings he had with Westnet , another ISP which was acquired by his company for AUS $ 81 million in May 2008 .
Westnet had developed an automated system to pass on infringement notices from copyright holders to its customers , a process which Malone earlier described as “ making more work for no benefit , ” and was said to be scathing in defense of due process and consumer rights .
“ Taking the opposing argument , a random third party is lodging an unsubstantiated accusation against a customer and you ’re passing it on ? ” wrote Malone in an email to Westnet , continuing , “ Your current approach is doing damage to the industry and iiNet ’s position on this matter . ”
According to itNews , today Malone admitted he had “ hit the roof ” when he had discovered Westnet ’s policy on infringement notices .
When any company acquires another there is often a need to standardize procedures and policies , and with iiNet and Westnet the position was no different .
Malone said that whenever he found differences in policies between the two companies he took steps to bring those of Westnet into line with those at iiNet .
He also stated that he was unaware that Westnet had failed to follow his instructions and adopt iiNet group policy following the acquisition .
One of the reasons he sought to change the Westnet policy , he said , was to bring the company into line with the position held by the Internet Industry Association on the issue .
Cross-examining Malone on iiNet ’s role in providing a broadband service which enabled users to share movies using BitTorrent , senior counsel Tony Bannon for the movie industry referred to infringement notices sent to iiNet for the Sony movie , Pineapple Express .
According to CW , Malone responded that as a mere service provider , iiNet had no way of knowing if any of its customers were engaged in copyright infringement , but could confirm that the individual who allegedly committed the breaches was still an iiNet customer .
The company was not aware , however , if the customer continued to breach copyright .
The case continues tomorrow .
Beijing winters are bone - chillingly cold , but they do n’t feature much in the way of snow .
So when weather forecasts called for some snow over the weekend , along with freezing temperatures , few expected anything more than a light dusting of powder .
Instead , residents of the Chinese capital woke up to a surprisingly heavy snowfall Sunday morning that continued into the early afternoon .
But ...
The ship arrived in Indian waters on 8 October India has blocked entry to a former US naval ship heading for break - up at a scrap yard on its west coast , citing environmental and pollution concerns .
The ministry of environment and forests said it inspected Platinum - II and found the ship contained toxic material .
There are also concerns that the ship has been brought into India with false documentation , the ministry says .
The ship reached Indian waters last month , but was not allowed to dock until an investigation was completed .
A team inspected the ship on October 19 and 20 and submitted its report to the ministry on 26 October .
" The ship violated the US Toxic Substances Control Act ...
There have also been allegations that the ship has been brought into India with a falsified flag and registry , " a note from the ministry of environment to the Gujarat Maritime Board said .
" The ministry of environment and forests is of the view that granting permission for beaching and breaking purposes of the ship will not be advisable , " it adds .
There has been no comment as yet from the private owners of Platinum - II .
Ship graveyard The Platinum - II - formerly known as SS Oceanic or the SS Independence - was destined for the Alang ship - breaking yard .
The Gujarat Maritime Board leases out the yard to ship - breakers .
It is Asia 's largest ship - breaking yard and known as the " graveyard of ships " .
Thousands of ships from around the world come to this section of Gujarat state 's coastline to be dismantled .
Workers manually take apart huge liners , past their prime , with very basic tools .
Campaigners have been demanding the closure of the ship - breaking yards for many years now - they say the work adversely affects the health of the workers .
The decision to prohibit the Platinum - II from docking has been welcomed by campaigners .
" The order is a victory in the fight against toxic trafficking and dumping on third world countries , " said Jim Puckett , executive director of the Basel Action Network , a member organisation of the coalition group , Indian Platform on Shipbreaking .
" Until now , India has been reluctant to expose the horrors of its ship - breaking industry .
Hopefully they are beginning to realise that this industry is not worth the legacy of toxic waste , occupational disease and death , and illegality it leaves in its wake . "
Asbestos poisoning
There have long been environmental concerns surrounding the Alang ship - breaking yard .
In 2006 , the French government recalled the decommissioned aircraft carrier Clemenceau after a lengthy campaign by Greenpeace and other environmental groups who said the ship contained huge amounts of toxic chemicals , including asbestos .
A report commissioned by the Indian government three years ago showed that one in six workers at the Alang shipyard showed signs of asbestos poisoning .
It said many of the workers tested showed early signs of asbestosis - an incurable disease of the lungs .
Activists say the yards are not equipped to handle asbestos .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GREEN , Ohio --
Police said a man offered to return a woman 's stolen cell phone only if she would go out for a romantic dinner .
She agreed , but the would - be Romeo was met by undercover officers from the Summit County Sheriff ' 's office .
Police said the woman reported her phone stolen on Monday .
She said she then started getting text messages to her new phone from a man who said he would return the stolen phone if he would meet her on a date .
When police tried to arrest the suspect , he fought with deputies and had to be subdued .
Randy Willgues , 32 , of Cuyahoga Falls , was charged with receiving stolen property , menacing by stalking and resisting arrest .
He is in the Summit County Jail .
How girl adopted in Brazil died because of bullies
By Peter Jackson
BBC News
Two girls have been locked up for causing the death of a vicar 's daughter who leapt from a third floor window to escape their bullying .
Hatice Can , 15 , will be detained for eight years , while Kemi Ajose , 19 , was detained without limit of time at a psychiatric hospital .
As was once said : ' Bullies are always cowards at heart and may be credited with a pretty sure instinct in scenting their prey ' .
Rosi was the quiet one , which no doubt is why you picked on her
Judge Peter Thornton
Bully detained for girl 's fall death Rosimeiri Boxall was meant to be one of the lucky ones , but in the end her life ended as it began - in misery and pain .
Abandoned in a Brazilian children 's home by her mother , a chronic alcoholic , she was adopted days before her third birthday by missionaries determined to give her a better life .
The Reverend Simon Boxall and his wife Rachel raised her as their own , alongside their four natural sons , in Botafogo - a suburb of Rio de Janeiro .
The British couple had been missionaries in various parts of Brazil for more than 20 years , but in January 2005 decided to return to the UK .
Mr Boxall was to become the vicar at Open Gateway Community Church in Thamesmead , south - east London .
It was meant to be a fresh start for the whole family , not least for 16 - year - old Rosi , as she had become known .
Struggled to adapt
But while her brothers Josh , Luke , Nathan and Alex , settled into new lives and jobs , Rosi struggled to adapt .
She studied for two NVQs at nearby Plumstead Manor School but by March 2007 was asked to leave because she was not doing any work .
Mr Boxall said her behaviour " deteriorated " , she objected to helping around the house and " just wanted to do her own thing " .
Ajose bullied other inmates while on remand in prison
Two months later she ran away for two weeks and started staying out with friends without telling her parents where she was .
It was a path that led , ultimately , to her fateful friendship with Ajose .
In August she was a bridesmaid at her brother 's wedding , but left home the next day saying she had found somewhere to live with friends .
Contact with her family became " sporadic " after that , and was mainly through e-mail and telephone .
It is unclear when Rosi met Ajose and her friend Can , but all three were staying at Ajose 's third - floor bedsit at the time of the death .
The Victorian house in Blackheath , south - east London is a halfway house for young homeless people , split into eight flats by the local authority .
' Best friends ' Donna Honeyman , who was a friend of the younger girl , told the Old Bailey Rosi and Ajose were " best friends " - but her description was not borne out by the prosecution evidence .
In the hours before her death in May 2008 , Ajose and Can , then aged 17 and 13 , punched , slapped and pulled Rosi's hair while shouting abuse , the court heard .
Prosecutors say Can and Rosi had been rowing over some boys they all met the day before and who had come back to Ajose 's flat .
Ajose and Can had been drinking vodka .
Jurors were shown mobile phone footage taken by another resident of the house showing Ajose slapping Rosi and pulling her hair while Can laughed .
The court heard Ajose also sprayed air freshener in Rosi 's face and punched her around the head while she sat passively on the bed .
Rosi leapt from the third floor window " in fear of further violence "
There were more attacks , with Can ripping her T - shirt while Ajose , of Charlton , south - east London , punched her and called her names , prosecutors told the court .
Can , who told the court she had moved to south London from north London after her mother became a victim of domestic violence , claimed Ajose threatened to pour bleach down Rosi 's throat .
Roger Smart , prosecuting , said : " Rosi fell to her death having , in fear of further violence ... clambered out of a third floor window .
" Rosi leapt to her death from the kitchen window of Kemi 's flat to escape from a prolonged period of physical and verbal abuse . "
Even as she lay dying , soaked in blood on the floor outside , Can continued to jeer and swear at her , shouting " serves you right , bitch , " the court heard .
' Cruel bullying '
At first police thought Rosi may have been pushed , and arrested the girls on suspicion of murder , but later reduced the charge to manslaughter .
Judge Peter Thornton told them : " This was cruel , abject bullying .
It was ugly , vicious and repeated .
" As was once said : ' Bullies are always cowards at heart and may be credited with a pretty sure instinct in scenting their prey ' .
Rosi was the quiet one , which no doubt is why you picked on her . "
More than just a daughter and sister , she was also a great friend who will always be missed
The Reverend Simon Boxall Judge Thornton said Can had been the leader and Ajose had joined in .
He told Can that if she had been older , her eight - year youth custody order would have been higher .
The court heard Ajose had continued to bully vulnerable women in custody at Holloway prison in north London .
" You tried to get several of them to hang themselves with their bedding , " the judge said .
He said neither of the girls had shown " a flicker of remorse " .
No -one will ever know exactly how Rosi felt when she leapt , or her wider state of mind .
She had threatened to jump out of a window a few months earlier after an argument with her boyfriend , although she told doctors she would not have gone through with it .
Sounded ' upbeat '
But just three days before her death , Mr Boxall said she sounded " upbeat " , " hopeful " and " positive " when she called for clothes and bedding because the council had given her and some friends a flat .
In a family statement soon after the death , Mr Boxall and his wife said : " She was a loving , caring person who brought frequently - remembered times of fun and laughter to the family .
" More than just a daughter and sister , she was also a great friend who will always be missed . "
If they were n't adopted , many would have lived their lives in abysmal circumstances , so there 's always that ethical issue ' what would have happened if they had not been adopted
John Simmonds
The British Association for Adoption and Fostering ( BAAF ) said inter-country adoptions were less common in the UK than elsewhere in Europe , but came with issues .
Director John Simmonds told the BBC : " Taking children from overseas countries does disrupt them from their country , community , language , religion as well as family of origin .
" If they were n't adopted , many would have lived their lives in abysmal circumstances , so there 's always that ethical issue ' what would have happened if they had not been adopted ' ?
" It 's about what they lose and what they have to adjust to ... for some it clearly is something they never come to terms with . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tom Spina Designs makes custom , movie - inspired furniture , just like this Han Solo Frozen in Carbonite desk .
What it does n’t do is make officially licensed merchandise , so this is known only as a sci - fi themed desk , and the replica of Kirk ’s chair from Star Trek is called the “ Galactic Throne ” .
But who cares when you could work , surf the web and play Desktop Tower Defense with your fingers mere inches from the face of a petrified smuggler ?
I ’d be tempted to stay put and consume nothing but pizza and beer until I resembled a jiggly , gloating Jabba ( I might pop out first to grab a gold bikini and some chains for the Lady — she lost the last ones I bought her ) .
The bounty on the head of this desk is unknown , as it was a one - off custom job .
As a guide , though , the Galactic Throne can be beamed into your life for $ 5,500 .
Galactic Throne [ Tom Spina Designs ]
Custom made furniture [ Tom Spina Designs via Make ]
Bullockornis , nicknamed the ‘ demon duck of doom ’ , was a huge flightless bird , now extinct , that lived in Australia .
Larger specimens may have stood about 2.5 metres tall , and weighed up to 500 kilograms .
Features of its skull , including a large beak , suggest that it may have been carnivorous , although here it is eating fruit .
Vcare offers business process outsourcing services to leading organizations from all over the world .
Vcare has contact centers located in United States and India .
Our aim is to provide business centric call center outsourcing solutions that could enhance the sales and improve customer loyalty for our clients .
Our major services include outsourced call center services , software development , IT consultancy , product engineering and F&A outsourcing services .
Call Center Outsourcing :
Vcare provides customer support outsourcing solutions to leading organizations for their various business requirements .
Our efforts are directed towards providing a superior experience to your customers across various customer touchpoints .
We provide flexible customer care services that could be easily adjusted according to your specific business needs .
We understand that your customers are the most crucial assets of your organization .
We work towards obtaining high customer retention and customer satisfaction rate for your business .
Our call centers in USA and India operate 24x7 and are always ready to serve your customers .
Our call center agents can efficiently handle your inbound customer calls , communicate with them over web chat and respond to their emails .
Further , we can also take care of your outbound call center requirements such as lead generation , market research and market survey requirements .
We keep upgrading our services and technologies at our contact centers from time - to - time .
This keeps us updated with latest technologies and enables us to deliver cutting edge solutions for all your business process outsourcing requirements .
The table showing the excess deaths of veterans due to lack of insurance
A research team at Harvard Medical School estimates 2,266 U.S. military veterans under the age of 65 died last year because they lacked health insurance and thus had reduced access to care .
That figure is more than 14 times the number of deaths ( 155 ) suffered by U.S. troops in Afghanistan in 2008 , and more than twice as many as have died ( 911 as of Oct. 31 ) since the war began in 2001 .
The researchers , who released their analysis today , pointedly say the health reform legislation pending in the House and Senate will not significantly affect this grim picture .
The Harvard group analyzed data from the U.S. Census Bureau 's March 2009 Current Population Survey , which surveyed Americans about their insurance coverage and veteran status , and found that 1,461,615 veterans between the ages of 18 and 64 were uninsured in 2008 .
Veterans were only classified as uninsured if they neither had health insurance nor received ongoing care at Veterans Health Administration ( VA ) hospitals or clinics .
Using their recently published findings in the American Journal of Public Health that show being uninsured raises an individual 's odds of dying by 40 percent ( causing 44,798 deaths in the United States annually among those aged 17 to 64 ) , they arrived at their estimate of 2,266 preventable deaths of non-elderly veterans in 2008 .
( See table . )
" Like other uninsured Americans , most uninsured vets are working people - too poor to afford private coverage but not poor enough to qualify for Medicaid or means - tested VA care , " said Dr. Steffie Woolhandler , a professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School who testified before Congress about uninsured veterans in 2007 and carried out the analysis released today .
" As a result , veterans go without the care they need every day in the U.S. , and thousands die each year .
It 's a disgrace . "
Dr. David Himmelstein , co-author of the analysis and associate professor of medicine at Harvard , commented , " On this Veterans Day we should not only honor the nearly 500 soldiers who have died this year in Iraq and Afghanistan , but also the more than 2,200 veterans who were killed by our broken health insurance system .
That 's six preventable deaths a day . "
He continued : " These unnecessary deaths will continue under the legislation now before the House and Senate .
Those bills would do virtually nothing for the uninsured until 2013 , and leave at least 17 million uninsured over the long run .
We need a solution that works for all veterans - and for all Americans - single - payer national health insurance . "
While many Americans believe that all veterans can get care from the VA , even combat veterans may not be able to obtain VA care , Woolhandler said .
As a rule , VA facilities provide care for any veteran who is disabled by a condition connected to his or her military service and care for specific medical conditions acquired during military service .
Woolhandler said veterans who pass a means test are eligible for care in VA facilities , but have lower priority status ( Priority 5 or 7 , depending upon income level ) .
Veterans with higher incomes are classified in the lowest priority group and are not eligible for VA enrollment .
Source : Physicians for a National Health Program
A leaky nuclear reactor dragged a neglected Crown corporation into the public spotlight this spring .
Press releases churned , news media swarmed , and officials were called up to Ottawa to face questions from a Parliamentary committee .
The Little Reactors that Could n't read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
But all the attention on Atomic Energy of Canada 's shutdown NRU reactor -- and the resulting global shortage of medical isotopes -- seems to have pushed aside any broad public debate over the federal government 's plan to restructure and partially privatize the corporation .
The question of medical isotope supply , both in the short and long term , is important .
As bills mount in hospitals for expensive alternate supplies and a panel of government - appointed experts gets ready to release their assessment of proposals for alternate supplies , the subject will remain a matter of concern for Canadians and their political representatives .
But isotopes are just a side - business for Atomic Energy of Canada Limited ( AECL ) , the federal Crown corporation whose main focus remains the development , sale and maintenance of CANDU nuclear power reactors .
This past May , the federal government announced that it had accepted a proposal to restructure AECL and find private partners who can better " leverage " the company 's assets internationally through a " strategic alliance . "
What that means is not exactly clear .
The government has hired consultants to come up with a detailed plan , and are talking with potential private partners .
But one thing they do not seem interested in doing is consulting with the people that own the company -- you , me and the rest of the Canadian public .
That CANDU attitude
Atomic Energy of Canada Limited has been a 100 - per-cent federal government - owned Crown corporation since its foundation in 1952 , when it took control of research reactors and facilities that had been developed as part of a British - Canadian nuclear weapons program during World War II .
The new corporation was focused on adapting that technology to peaceful nuclear uses , and in 1954 it started work on a nuclear power demonstration plant in cooperation with Ontario Hydro and General Electric Canada .
From the 1960s through the 1980s the design was refined and commercial power reactors were built in three Canadian provinces and around the world .
All the AECL reactors built to date use " natural " ( unenriched ) uranium as fuel and heavy water ( with deuterium isotopes replacing ordinary hydrogen ) as a moderator .
Those features led to the name by which the unique design is known : the Canadian Deuterium Uranium , or CANDU , reactor .
( The corporation 's latest reactor design marks a significant departure from history .
It requires enriched uranium , something that can only be made in a few countries in the world , since the technology to make it can also make weapons - grade material and is therefore strictly controlled . )
Even as it transformed into a commercial business selling power reactors , AECL continued its research programs , both in reactor design and in other areas of nuclear science .
Its income from sales was complemented by an annual budget from the federal treasury .
For nuclear physicist Jeremy Whitlock -- a former President of the Canadian Nuclear Society and a public educator about the Canadian industry through his Nuclear FAQ website -- that money alone is reason to care about AECL .
" Even if people 's thoughts on that future are that it should be discontinued , you should at least get into the debate , " he told The Tyee , " because there has been a significant investment and if you 're talking about throwing it away for whatever reason , you have to balance that against the investment you 've put into it , and are you getting value for your money . "
The Minister of Natural Resources has recently pegged the total government investment in AECL at $ 8 billion over the nearly 60 years it has existed .
When that figure is adjusted for inflation , it rises to more than $ 13 billion as of 2006 , according to a study by the Canadian Energy Research Institute .
Government transfers to AECL shrunk in the 1990s , with no new prospects for reactors in Canada and management and maintenance problems with the reactors already running .
But in recent years , AECL has received extra grants of hundreds of millions of dollars each year to address specific problems : updating aging research infrastructure , the now - cancelled project to create dedicated isotope production facilities , and the design of a " next generation " power reactor , the Advanced CANDU Reactor .
In the past five years , AECL has directly received more than $ 1 billion in government funding for both regular research operations and special projects .
An additional half - billion - plus is being spent to deal with legacy wastes and decommissioned facilities from early research at Chalk River laboratories .
Even more concerning , federal funds are covering losses from AECL 's commercial business .
Over the past year , $ 300 million has been budgeted for the completion of over - budget contracts to refurbish nuclear reactors in New Brunswick and Ontario .
With all the extra money heading AECL's way , it was no surprise that the corporation received extra political attention .
That culminated in the government 's decision , announced in late November 2007 , to conduct a " full review " of the structure of the organization .
The move was described as part of the Conservatives ' " commitment to good governance . "
Open -ended review ?
From the start , the review process received second billing -- literally .
The official announcement was tacked - on to a press release announcing that Canada would be joining the Global Nuclear Energy Partnership , an initiative of the Bush administration in the United States aimed at developing next - generation nuclear technologies .
There may have been another reason for only taking up half a press release with the news : there was n't much to say .
The only thing that was being confirmed was that everything was on the table .
" We 're not ruling out anything , " said then - Natural Resources Minister Gary Lunn in an interview with the Globe and Mail 's Shawn McCarthy .
A week earlier , Lunn had told members of the House of Commons Natural Resources committee that " the government has no plans at this time .
It has not made any decision with respect to privatizing AECL . "
But the talk of privatization had been swirling for more than a year by then .
In 2006 and 2007 , the Globe and Mail , the Toronto Star and the Montreal Gazette all reported at various times about secret meetings or interest in the corporation from private companies .
Current Liberal Natural Resources critic Geoff Regan accuses the Conservatives of cooking up the entire review process to justify a predetermined desire for privatization .
" If they come into power having already decided what they want to do , and then they have a review to justify it , that is n't the same as doing a review with an open mind and letting your decision being based on evidence , " said Regan .
Nonetheless , political and media interest in the review of AECL and its potential outcomes was quickly overwhelmed in late 2007 and early 2008 by the furor over the shutdown of its NRU reactor and the resulting global shortage of medical isotopes .
Instead of parliamentary committee hearings on a potential major change to federal policy , opposition MPs were focused on the isotope shortage and the subsequent demotion of the President of the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission .
It therefore seemed awfully symmetrical when the results of the review of AECL were announced this May , shortly after the NRU reactor was shut down again .
Whether the timing was pure coincidence or whether it was -- as Regan alleges -- an attempt to make it seem like the government was doing something about the isotope shortage , the fact remains that once again the isotope crises had pushed aside discussion on the privatization proposal .
Open -ended recommendations
Of course , it is difficult to have meaningful debate about a proposal that is not well defined .
The conclusions and recommendations of the review , as expressed in a summary report ( original documents are n't being released ) , leave plenty of room for political discretion .
When the report was released in May , Minister Lisa Raitt said in an official statement that " we have preparing for this for quite some time . "
But in order to decide what to do next , the government hired investment firm N.M. Rothschild and Sons ( who specialize in bankruptcy restructuring ) to come up with a detailed plan and " negotiating mandates . "
They presented a confidential report to Raitt this fall .
In addition , consultant and former banker David Leith has been contracted to advise Raitt directly .
There are three main recommendations in the report that will presumably be adopted in the final plan .
First , the two sides of AECL -- research , including medical isotope production , and commercial development and support of CANDU reactors -- should be separated into distinct organizations .
Second , the government should retain complete ownership of the research - branch of AECL , but should hire a a private company to operate it , following a model used by national laboratories in the United States and United Kingdom .
Third , the commercial CANDU reactor division " can be best served by a strategic alliance with one or more partners with global scale that can leverage the technology , skills and experience of AECL in Canada and internationally . "
Whitlock , who has worked at AECL since 1994 but who spoke with The Tyee as an individual scientist , said he is " cautiously optimistic " about the plan to contract - out management of the research laboratories .
As for the reorganization of the company , he pointed out that it is nothing new .
" When I was hired , I was actually hired by AECL CANDU , which was a separate company from AECL Research , " he said .
" A few years after I joined the two were amalgamated ... and now the pendulum has swung back to it 's better to be split up , again .
The difference is now they 're talking about selling off , which kind of prevents the reversal in the future . "
It is in that third recommendation that this vision of the future of AECL gets a little hazy .
' Strategic ' sell off ?
According to the report , " a strategic alliance with one or more partners could take many forms , including project specific joint ventures , mergers or the sale of an equity position in which the Government retains either a majority or minority ownership position . "
AECL already engages in " project specific joint ventures " with its Team CANDU partners : SNC - Lavalin Nuclear and the Canadian subsidiaries of the nuclear divisions of Babcock & Wilcox , Hitachi , and General Electric ( the last two of which have merged to form GE - Hitachi Nuclear ) .
The group was formed to support AECL's bid for new nuclear plants in Ontario , and has also worked together on other proposals .
The companies all have a role in CANDU reactor development or operation -- for example , GE - Hitachi fabricates CANDU fuel rods .
But while " Team CANDU " members have a stake in AECL 's success , the Conservatives want more from a new partner .
They want someone to buy up shares in the company , providing capital for new projects , and also absorb the risk of cost overruns for those projects .
They want " partners and expertise and capital infusion , making sure that the risk associated with new builds is n't too strenuous on the Canadian taxpayer , " as Raitt put it to the House of Commons Natural Resources committee earlier this month .
Considering the current cost to taxpayers of the on - going refurbishment projects -- which are arguably less risky than building whole new reactors to a new design -- that seems a noble goal .
But if all the government 's consultants ' reports have figured out a way to achieve it , it 's a tightly kept secret .
Bringing it out of the backrooms
The secrecy , particularly the refusal to release the independent consulting reports -- to avoid revealing the government 's hand in the midst of commercial negotiations -- provides an easy mark for opposition politicians eager to criticize the Conservatives ' strategy .
It 's " offensive , " say 's New Democrat Natural Resources critic Nathan Cullen , " that they 're just going to do this all behind closed doors . "
It 's been six months since the government announced the restructuring plan , points out the Liberals ' Regan , and " we 're still waiting to see ... what exactly they have in mind . "
The wait has been hard on the company , too , with their best prospect for a new reactor contract on hold because the Ontario government was concerned about the corporations uncertain future -- and their higher - than - expected bid price .
Of course , the future of the Crown corporation has not exactly been a high priority for the opposition , either .
Although the Natural Resources committee -- of which both are members -- recently held a series of meetings on the " state of the nuclear industry in Canada and abroad , " including the future of AECL , the focus has primarily been on the medical isotope shortage and on a piece of legislation that would increase the minimum amount of liability insurance that nuclear reactors must carry .
The MPs will get a chance to weigh in on the proposal before anything is finalized .
Although the legislation that created AECL has been mostly repealed and replaced over the years , the one requirement it does contain is that all shares in the company must be held by a cabinet minister in trust for Canada .
Before the government sells shares in AECL to a private partner , they will have to pass new legislation through Parliament .
Regan and Cullen take opposite positions on nuclear energy .
Regan calls it an important part of the energy mix in a carbon - neutral future ; Cullen argues that it is an " insidious business " that would not survive without government subsidy .
But neither is willing to explicitly say what would or would not be an acceptable proposal for the future of AECL .
Cullen may consider government funding of the nuclear industry as an irrational subsidy , but he also described the sale of AECL , for much less than the money invested , as another form of subsidy .
Regan insists that the Liberals are " open " to various possibilities , so long as they enhance and promote the industry in Canada .
The only thing either politician was definitive about in interviews with The Tyee , is that the government ought to let them and the public know what is being considered .
" If the government treated Parliament like what it is -- the voice of the elected people , " said Cullen , " we could have a very good conversation about the options . "
" Stop being secretive , stop ... doing this behind closed doors , and stop leaving so much uncertainty , " said Regan .
" Bring it forward , let 's have a look at it , and let 's discuss it . "
Nothing gets between a prairie dog and his lunch as this one shows when fending off a gang of starlings .
The bird - brained bullies pounced on their victim at St Louis Zoo , Missouri , U.S. as it was about to tuck into a nutty treat .
The hungry squirrel - like rodent gripped hold of its food despite the cheeky birds trying to peck it out of his paws and nipping at its body .
Cheeky birds !
A hungry chipmunk stands firm against a gang of yobbish starlings trying to steal his lunch in St Louis Zoo , Missouri
Go get your own food !
Things get intense and look dangerous as the birds try to peck the food right out the chipmunk ’s grip
The situation gets worse for the prairie dog when the commotion attracts the attention of other birds who swoop to join the melee .
But they were too late and missed out on the food .
There are five different species of prairie dog , a type of ground squirrel native to North America .
They eat all sorts of vegetables , fruits – and , of course , nuts .
Prairie dogs are named for their habitat , the North American prairies , and their warning call , which sounds like a dog barking .
Check more Daily News
Ontario to invest further in skills , training and networking Three programmes set to focus on videogames will be given $ 605,000
Phil Elliott Thursday 5th November 2009
Share this article Share
Ontario , Canada , has unveiled three new programmes designed to expand the support on offer in the areas of skills , training and investor networking , to be run by Interactive Ontario .
In total the province will be putting CAD 605,000 ( GBP 343,000 ) into the schemes , which it is hoped will create new jobs and generate increased investment in the region .
The three programmes are as follows :
ONtheEdge , a training curriculum targeting videogame entrepreneurs to provide them with business skills tailored for the industry .
GamesID will provide market intelligence , marketing and promotional support to videogame companies by disseminating industry research and information and seeking domestic and international partnerships .
The Ontario Video Game and Digital Media Investor Network , which is designed to connect videogame and digital media developers with Canadian and international investors .
" We are proud to support Interactive Ontario in delivering these important programmes .
Ontario 's digital media sector is growing quickly , and shows even greater growth potential , " said Sandra Pupatello , Minister of Economic Development and Trade .
" As a government , we are committed to working with the industry to generate investment and create high - value jobs for Ontarians . "
And Ian Kelso , president and CEO of Interactive Ontario , added : " These programmes will provide Ontario video game companies with the support they need to reach their business goals .
The province 's videogame industry is amazingly vibrant and growing .
" With the convergence of highly creative companies , world - class schools , top - tier talent , and the continued support of the Government of Ontario , this province has very quickly become one of the fastest growing in the games industry . "
This news is the latest in a series of high profile announcements from Ontario , which also revealed the establishment of an 800 - person Ubisoft studio earlier in the year .
Steve Horwitz
Greg Ransom has found a new book with an interview done with Hayek in 1979 .
In it , Hayek says the following :
“ I agree with Milton Friedman that once the Crash had occurred , the Federal Reserve System pursued a silly deflationary policy .
I am not only against inflation but I am also against deflation .
So , once again , a badly programmed monetary policy prolonged the depression . ”
Those Austrians who think deflation is always and everywhere a good phenomenon strongly overlap with those Austrians who wonder whether Hayek is really an Austrian ( or a even a classical liberal ) anyway , so I 'm doubtful this will convince them of the claim that a concern with monetary deflation has been , and should be , a core part of Austrian monetary and macro theory .
However , it does , in fact , bolster the case for a monetary equilibrium reading of Hayek .
It is also useful to counter the claim that Hayek was a " liquidationist " in the sense often deployed by people like Brad DeLong , as well as the more general claim that Hayek thought we should do nothing during the depression .
By implication , if you think deflation is bad , you believe that the Fed ( given its existence ) should have behaved differently between 1930 and 33 .
It could have done something to prevent the events that " prolonged the depression . "
This also is some support for what I would call the Austrian - Monetarist - Interventionism explanation of why the Great Depression got started , got so deep so quickly , and lasted so long .
Each " school " ( think Rothbard , F&S , and Higgs if you want authors ) lines up with each element of the explanation in the order given .
Even Hayek agrees that traditional Austrian cycle theory alone can't explain the whole thing , even buttressed by Higgs or Cole & Ohanian .
If you want to explain why the Great Depression was both " great " and a " depression " not a recession , you need the Friedman and Schwartz story , and you 'll have Hayek on your side .
Whether the same situation as we faced in 1930 was in place last fall remains a debatable question .
However , if velocity was falling in the way some folks believed , doing nothing would have invited a potential repeat of the early 30s , and now we can say with even more certainty that Hayek , at least , would have recommended that the Fed act to avoid it .
( Of course , nothing in this paragraph is an endorsement of the extreme to which the Fed went , nor the other really stupid things it did last fall and since . )
A federal judge ruled Wednesday that the Army Corps of Engineers ’ failure to properly maintain a navigation channel led to massive flooding in Hurricane Katrina .
U.S. District Judge Stanwood Duval sided with five residents and one business who argued the Army Corps ’ shoddy oversight of the Mississippi River - Gulf Outlet led to the flooding of New Orleans ’ Lower Ninth Ward and neighboring St. Bernard Parish .
He said , however , the corps could n’t be held liable for the flooding of eastern New Orleans , where one of the plaintiffs lived .
ADVERTISEMENT
Duval awarded the plaintiffs $ 720,000 , or about $ 170,000 each , but the decision could eventually make the government vulnerable to a much larger payout .
The ruling should give more than 100,000 other individuals , businesses and government entities a better shot at claiming billions of dollars in damages .
Joe Bruno , one of the lead plaintiffs lawyer , said the ruling underscored the Army Corps ’ long history of failure to properly protect the New Orleans region .
“ It ’s high time we look at the way these guys do business and do a full re-evaluation of the way it does business , ” Bruno said .
FULL STORY BELOW
Mündliche Verhandlung in Sachen „ Vorratsdatenspeicherung “
Pressemitteilung Nr. 124/2009 vom 27 . Oktober 2009
1 BvR 256/08
1 BvR 263/08
1 BvR 586/08
Der Erste Senat des Bundesverfassungsgerichts verhandelt am
15 . Dezember 2009 , 10:00 Uhr ,
im Sitzungssaal des Bundesverfassungsgerichts ,
Schloßbezirk 3 , 76131 Karlsruhe
über mehrere Verfassungsbeschwerden , die sich gegen Vorschriften des Gesetzes zur Neuregelung der Telekommunikationsüberwachung ( TKG ) vom 21 .
Dezember 2007 richten .
Dieses Gesetz dient unter anderem dazu , die Richtlinie der Europäischen Union über die Vorratsdatenspeicherung in deutsches Recht umzusetzen .
§ 113a des Telekommunikationsgesetzes ( TKG ) sieht vor , dass Verkehrsdaten , die bei der Inanspruchnahme von Telekommunikationsdiensten entstehen , von den Anbietern der Dienste jeweils für sechs Monate zu speichern sind .
Dies gilt für Telefondienste ebenso wie für Internetzugangsdienste und e-Mail - Dienste .
Zu speichern sind etwa bei Telefongesprächen die Rufnummern des Anrufenden und des angerufenen Anschlusses sowie Beginn und Ende des Gesprächs .
Die anlasslos auf Vorrat gespeicherten Daten dürfen von den Diensteanbietern an die zuständigen Behörden zur Strafverfolgung ( § 113 b Satz 1 Nr. 1 TKG ) , zur Abwehr von erheblichen Gefahren für die öffentliche Sicherheit ( § 113 b Satz 1 Nr. 2 TKG ) und zur Erfüllung der Aufgaben des Verfassungsschutzes , des Bundesnachrichtendienstes und des militärischen Abschirmdienstes ( § 113 b Satz 1 Nr. 3 TKG ) übermittelt werden .
Gesetzliche Voraussetzung für die Übermittlung der Daten ist , dass die betreffenden Behörden jeweils durch eine Rechtsgrundlage zum Abruf ermächtigt sind , die auf § 113a TKG Bezug nimmt .
Für die Strafverfolgung gestattet den Zugriff auf die Vorratsdaten § 100g StPO .
Insoweit ist auch diese Regelung Gegenstand der Verfassungsbeschwerde .
Der von den Beschwerdeführern zunächst gestellte Antrag , §§ 113a , 113 b TKG im Wege der einstweiligen Anordnung bis zur Entscheidung über die Verfassungsbeschwerde außer Kraft zu setzen , hatte teilweise Erfolg .
Mit Beschluss vom 11 .
März 2008 ( verlängert durch Beschluss vom 1 . September 2008 ) erließ der Erste Senat des Bundesverfassungsgerichts auf Antrag der Beschwerdeführer eine einstweilige Anordnung , nach der die Übermittlung der Vorratsdaten zu Strafverfolgungszwecken nach § 113 b Satz 1 Nr. 1 TKG bis zu einer Entscheidung über die Verfassungsbeschwerde nur gemäß den in der einstweiligen Anordnung vorgesehenen Maßgaben erfolgen darf ( Pressemitteilung Nr. 37/2008 vom 19 . März 2008 ) .
Ein Anlass zur Erstreckung der einstweiligen Anordnung auf § 113 b Satz 1 Nr. 2 und 3 TKG bestand zum Zeitpunkt des Erlasses dieser Entscheidung nicht , weil weder im Bereich der Gefahrenabwehr noch des Verfassungsschutzes und der Nachrichtendienste Rechtsgrundlagen für einen Abruf der nach § 113a TKG gespeicherten Vorratsdaten vorhanden waren .
Mittlerweile verweisen zahlreiche Landesgesetze auf § 113a TKG und gestatten den behördlichen Zugriff auf die nach dieser Regelung zu speichernden Daten auch zur Gefahrenabwehr und zur Erfüllung der Aufgaben des Verfassungsschutzes .
Mit Beschluss vom 28 .
Oktober 2008 erneuerte und erweiterte der Erste Senat des Bundesverfassungsgerichts ( Pressemitteilung Nr. 92/2008 vom 6 . November 2008 ) auf entsprechende Anträge der Beschwerdeführer die einstweilige Anordnung dahingehend , dass die nach § 113a TKG auf Vorrat gespeicherten Daten für die Gefahrenabwehr ( § 113 b Satz 1 Nr. 2 TKG ) von den Telekommunikationsdiensteanbietern nur unter einschränkenden Bedingungen an die ersuchende Behörde übermittelt werden dürfen .
Die Beschwerdeführer sehen durch die Vorratsdatenspeicherung vor allem das Telekommunikationsgeheimnis und das Recht auf informationelle Selbstbestimmung verletzt .
Sie halten die anlasslose Speicherung aller Telekommunikationsverbindungen für unverhältnismäßig .
Insbesondere machen sie geltend , dass sich aus den gespeicherten Daten Persönlichkeits - und Bewegungsprofile erstellen ließen .
Einige Beschwerdeführer ( Rechtsanwälte / Ärzte/Journalisten/Steuerberater ) fühlen sich darüber hinaus durch die Vorratsdatenspeicherung in ihrer Berufsfreiheit verletzt , weil sie die Vertraulichkeit der Kontakte zum Mandanten beeinträchtige .
Eine Beschwerdeführerin , die einen Internetanonymisierungsdienst anbietet , rügt , die mit der Speicherung verbundenen Kosten beeinträchtigen die Anbieter von Telekommunikationsdiensten unverhältnismäßig in ihrer Berufsfreiheit .
Die Speicherungspflicht führe für Anonymisierungsdienste faktisch zu einem Berufsverbot .
Soweit sich das Bundesverfassungsgericht an einer verfassungsrechtlichen Prüfung in vollem Umfang gehindert sehe , weil es sich bei den beanstandeten Regelungen um die Umsetzung von EG - Recht handele , regen die Beschwerdeführer eine Vorlage an den Europäischen Gerichtshof im Rahmen eines Vorabentscheidungsverfahrens an , weil sie die umzusetzende Richtlinie für gemeinschaftsrechtswidrig halten .
Hinweis
Interessierte Bürgerinnen und Bürger , die an der mündlichen Verhandlung teilnehmen wollen , wenden sich bitte schriftlich an
Herrn Oberamtsrat Stadtler
Postfach 1771 , 76006 Karlsruhe
Telefon : 0721/9101-400
Fax : 0721 9101-461
Bei der Anmeldung sind Name , Vorname , Geburtsdatum und eine Telefon - oder Faxnummer anzugeben .
Akkreditierungshinweise für die Verhandlung des Ersten Senats am 15 .
Dezember 2009 , 10.00 Uhr
Akkreditierung
Alle Medienvertreter haben sich schriftlich bis zum 10 .
Dezember 2009 , 12:00 Uhr zu akkreditieren ( Fax Nr. 0721 9101-461 ) .
Die Akkreditierungen werden in der Reihenfolge ihres Eingangs berücksichtigt .
Nach Ablauf der Frist eingegangene oder per E - Mail gesendete Akkreditierungen können nicht berücksichtigt werden .
Auch die Pool - Mitglieder für die Fernseh - und Fotoaufnahmen ( siehe unten ) sind innerhalb der genannten Frist schriftlich mitzuteilen .
Die Anträge werden in der Reihenfolge ihres Eingangs berücksichtigt .
Allgemeines
Für Medienvertreter stehen auf der Presseempore insgesamt 43 Sitzplätze zur Verfügung .
Davon sind 11 Plätze für die Mitglieder der Justizpressekonferenz reserviert .
Soweit Medienvertreter auf der Presseempore keinen Platz haben , müssen sie sich nach der Feststellung der Anwesenheit der Beteiligten in den 1 .
Stock begeben .
Der weitere Aufenthalt vor dem Sitzungssaal ist nicht gestattet .
Im Presseraum stehen weitere 50 Sitzplätze zur Verfügung - davon sind 30 Plätze mit einem 230 V - Anschluss für Laptops ausgestattet .
Außerdem steht ein Analog - Modem ( mit TAE - Stecker ) zur Verfügung .
Es findet eine Tonübertragung aus dem Sitzungssaal statt .
Handys sind wegen der störenden Geräusche auszuschalten .
Laptops dürfen im Sitzungssaal ebenfalls nicht benutzt werden .
Foto - und Fernsehaufnahmen
1. Foto- , Film - und Tonaufnahmen sind zulässig , bis der Vorsitzende des Senats die Anwesenheit der Verfahrensbeteiligten festgestellt hat .
Danach haben Fotografen und Kamerateams die Ebene des Sitzungssaals ( auch äußeren Flurraum und Pressetribüne ) zu verlassen .
Zum Aufenthalt steht der Presseempfangsraum ( 1. OG ) zur Verfügung .
Für Foto - und Filmaufnahmen im Sitzungssaal werden zwei Fernsehteams ( ein öffentlich - rechtlicher und ein privat - rechtlicher Sender mit jeweils maximal drei Kameras ) sowie sechs Fotografen ( vier Agenturfotografen und zwei freie Fotografen ) zugelassen .
Die Bestimmung der " Pool - Mitglieder " bleibt den vorgenannten Fernsehsendern bzw .
den Agenturen und Fotografen überlassen .
Die " Pool - Mitglieder " verpflichten sich , auf entsprechende Anforderung die Aufnahmen anderen Rundfunkanstalten und Fotografen - Konkurrenzunternehmen zur Verfügung zu stellen .
2. Bei Foto- und Filmaufnahmen im Sitzungssaal darf durch Fotografen , Kameraleute und sonstige Medienvertreter das freie Blickfeld des Senats nach allen Seiten nicht verstellt werden .
Der Aufenthalt hinter der Richterbank ist nicht gestattet .
Entsprechenden Anweisungen der Sitzungsamtsmeister ist Folge zu leisten .
Standorte für die Fernsehkameras ( je zwei ) sind der Mittelgang und ( von der Richterbank aus gesehen ) die rechte Seite im Sitzungssaal sowie die Pressetribüne .
3. Nach Schluss der mündlichen Verhandlung sowie in der Mittagspause sind Interviews , Fernseh - und Fotoaufnahmen mit Verfahrensbeteiligten oder sonstigen Personen im Sitzungssaal lediglich für den Zeitraum von 20 Minuten zugelassen .
Für weitere Aufnahmen stehen der Presseempfangsraum ( 1. OG ) oder das Foyer ( EG ) zur Verfügung .
Fahrzeuge der Fernsehteams
Für SNG- , Schnitt - und Übertragungsfahrzeuge steht nur eine begrenzte Anzahl von Standplätzen zur Verfügung .
Falls ein Standplatz benötigt wird , ist dies bereits bei der Akkreditierung anzugeben .
Die Standplätze werden nach Eingang des Antrags vergeben .
Für die Zuweisung der Standplätze werden folgende Angaben benötigt : Größe , Gewicht , Kennzeichen und evtl .
Strombedarf .
Anfahrt und Aufbau sind am Vortag der mündlichen Verhandlung von 9:00 bis 18:00 sowie am Tag der mündlichen Verhandlung zwischen 7:00 und 9:00 Uhr möglich .
Falls Strom über das Bundesverfassungsgericht bezogen werden soll , ist dies bis spätestens 15:00 Uhr am Vortag der mündlichen Verhandlung mitzuteilen .
Aufbau von Studios
Der Aufbau von Studios ist in Absprache mit der Pressestelle ausschließlich im Presseempfangsraum ( 1. OG ) sowie im Foyer ( EG ) möglich .
Die Namen und Kfz - Kennzeichen der Teams sind bis spätestens 15:00 Uhr am Vortag der mündlichen Verhandlung mitzuteilen .
Diese Hinweise finden ihre Grundlage in § 17 a BVerfGG in Verbindung mit den ergänzenden Regelungen des Ersten und Zweiten Senats .
nach oben
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
A few Cleveland landmark buildings , such as the 81 - year - old trapezoidal - shaped Marathon gas station , and several nondescript commercial structures will be reduced to rubble to make way for the new westbound Inner Belt Bridge .
Appraisals are under way following the September ruling by the Federal Highway Administration that the Ohio Department of Transportation could proceed with the project .
The ruling freed up the $ 50 million ODOT expects to spend to acquire 57 parcels under the proposed bridge and the current Inner Belt Bridge from about 25 owners , said Dan Dougherty , real estate administrator for the ODOT district that includes Cleveland .
The transportation department hopes to have all property in hand by October , 2010 , so construction can begin the following year .
The $ 400 million bridge is scheduled to open in 2013 .
It will carry traffic in both directions for several years while the current Inner Belt Bridge is replaced .
Then it will carry five lanes of westbound traffic .
The new bridge , just north of the current one , will span a largely industrial area as it crosses the Cuyahoga River .
So it only displaces a few homes in Tremont and several businesses , ODOT officials said .
ODOT spent $ 985,510 in 2006 and 2007 to acquire six single - and multi-family homes after it finalized the location for the bridge , Dougherty said .
ODOT had offered to purchase property if owners faced hardship in renting or selling their buildings .
Others who owned land or buildings in the way of the bridge preferred to wait until ODOT got approval to build the bridge , knowing it could take years .
ODOT also had to agree to commemorate three buildings deemed eligible for the National Register of Historic Places that will be destroyed .
It will provide documentation to libraries about the Cleveland Cold Storage Building on West 14th Street , built in 1927 and used to store ice to be used in holds of ships .
There 's the Marathon gas station on Central Viaduct , a distinctive shaped structure built in 1928 .
And the Broadway Mills building , next to the gas station near Gateway , is considered one of the best surviving examples of mill architecture in the city , historians said .
It was built in 1894 .
ODOT plans to salvage brickwork and the large medallions from that building and use them in nearby retaining walls .
As appraisals are completed , ODOT will make offers to owners .
If the property is worth more than $ 500,000 , it undergoes two appraisals and a review by the Federal Highway Administration .
" We want to pay fair market value and purchase the property as if it was sold on the open market , " said Dougherty .
If an agreement cannot be reached with the owners , ODOT can acquire the property by eminent domain , in which the fair market value is determined in Cuyahoga County Probate Court .
That is how the sale of the Cold Storage Building likely will be settled , say ODOT officials and Fred Finley , the building 's owner until it was sold in October at a sheriff 's sale to a company that holds one of the mortgages .
A hearing to vacate that sale will be held in January in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court .
ODOT had offered to purchase the 12 - story building for $ 4.5 million .
It says the building is worth $ 400,000 and the remainder of the money would compensate Beautiful Signage , a company that has 99 - year lease for billboard advertising .
Finley claims the building is worth $ 8.85 million , its value had he been able to go forward with residential and commercial development plans that were abandoned when ODOT said it needed the building .
Negotiations will be less contentious with Scranton - Averill Inc. , a real estate corporation that owns about 60 acres in the Flats , has four of the parcels that ODOT needs to acquire .
" They are telling us they are finishing up the final details and will get to us with an offer , " said Thomas Stickney , the corporation 's president .
" They have been nothing but helpful , but this is the friendly time of the process . "
Even if the value of land has to be determined in court , he said he believes the process will be fair .
" They have a right to take the land , " he said .
" The city , the county , we all need this new bridge . "
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter : kfarkas@plaind.com , 216-999-5079
In conjunction with the relaunch of their website , CNN asked me to examine their web statistics and create a visual record of the site ’s last 13 years .
We were both interested in telling a larger story about the growth of the Internet and the public ’s changing media habits through the lens of such an influential and heavily trafficked site .
The process started by determining what metrics might hold an interesting narrative , and which ones were available over the entire lifespan of the site .
CNN was able to provide me with daily page views , the top 20 days for each year and the most popular pages on those days .
I was also provided with monthly category views and lists of the nations visiting the site .
The spike chart of average weekly page views forms the centerpiece of the chart .
The busiest 10 weeks are called out , and the events associated with the week are highlighted below the x -axis … along with other events of cultural significance or large week - over - week gains .
I also tracked the absolute and relative growth of their site categories over time , and highlighted several unique metrics at the top of the chart , including the busiest and slowest days of the year , and the number of countries that visit the site ( 192 at last count ) .
Finally , to put everything in context , I found milestones in the history of the Internet for each year which I placed along the bottom of the chart to create context for the narrative .
Ultimately , I think the most fascinating story here is the change in our news habits after September 11 , 2001 .
After this day , a new and higher baseline for visits to the site is established , and the inference is that this event really established CNN.com and the greater Internet as a reliable , timely and indispensable source for news .
Last week , a 41 - year - old woman who had recently had her first child walked into the office of Dr. Steven Teitelbaum in Santa Monica , Calif. , for an operation that tens of thousands of women like her have undergone this year : a breast lift .
“ I did n’t like the way they looked , ” said the woman , Jennifer , who asked that her full name not be used because she wanted to keep her medical procedures private .
“ And it ’s the best money I ever spent . ”
But the bill for the kind of operation Jennifer had  and other procedures to combat crow ’s feet , beer bellies and sags of other sorts  could also soon be higher under a 5 percent tax included in the health care bill being debated in the Senate .
The tax , which would be paid by the customer but collected by doctors , would be levied on any cosmetic surgery that is not necessary to address deformities arising from congenital abnormalities , personal injuries resulting from an accident or trauma , or disfiguring diseases , a definition taken directly from current tax code covering deductible medical expenses .
Phthalates are important components of many consumer products , including toys , cleaning materials , plastics , and personal care items .
Studies to date on phthalates have been inconsistent , with some linking exposure to these chemicals to hormone disruptions , birth defects , asthma , and reproductive problems , while others have found no significant association between exposure and adverse effects .
A new report by Korean scientists , published by Elsevier in the November 15th issue of Biological Psychiatry , adds to the potentially alarming findings about phthalates .
They measured urine phthalate concentrations and evaluated symptoms of attention - deficit / hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) using teacher - reported symptoms and computerized tests that measured attention and impulsivity .
They found a significant positive association between phthalate exposure and ADHD , meaning that the higher the concentration of phthalate metabolites in the urine , the worse the ADHD symptoms and / or test scores .
Senior author Yun -Chul Hong , MD , PhD , explained that " these data represent the first documented association between phthalate exposure and ADHD symptoms in school - aged children . "
John Krystal , MD , the Editor of Biological Psychiatry , also commented : " This emerging link between phthalates and symptoms of ADHD raises the concern that accidental environmental exposure to phthalates may be contributing to behavioral and cognitive problems in children .
This concern calls for more definitive research . "
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , in the Summary of their 2005 Third National Report on Human Exposure to Environmental Chemicals , state that " very limited scientific information is available on potential human health effects of phthalates at levels " found in the U.S. population .
Although this study was performed in a Korean population , their levels of exposure are likely comparable to a U.S. population .
The current findings do not prove that phthalate exposure caused ADHD symptoms .
However , these initial findings provide a rationale for further research on this association .
So I purchased a bong on a recent trip , a huge green ceramic bong , I named the Green Goblin .
I had to take it through airport security , where they made me take it out and set it on the counter for inspection .
These two old ladies were passing by and stopped to comment on my fantastic piece of pottery .
They asked me where I purchased this amazing artwork so I sent them to the local head shop .
I can just imagine these two 80 somethings walking into a den of paraphenalia to purchase a bong just like mine .
I would have loved to hear the conversation they had with the stoned hippie at the counter .
Together the world ’s 6.8 billion people use land equal in size to South America to grow food and raise livestock — an astounding agricultural footprint .
And demographers predict the planet will host 9.5 billion people by 2050 .
Because each of us requires a minimum of 1,500 calories a day , civilization will have to cultivate another Brazil ’s worth of land — 2.1 billion acres — if farming continues to be practiced as it is today .
That much new , arable earth simply does not exist .
To quote the great American humorist Mark Twain : “ Buy land .
They ’re not making it any more . ”
Sir Isaac Newton would be amazed by this awesome video , showing Saturn moons causing waves as they orbit near its F Ring .
These images can only be taken every 15 years , during Saturn 's equinox .
Thankfully , Cassini is there now .
Advertisement
In the video you can see Prometheus ( in the inner side ) and Pandora ( on the outer side ) , disturbing and smoothing the rings one after the other , which is why they are called shepherd moons .
Things get even more spectacular in the Keeler gap , inside the A ring .
There , Daphnis surfs the ring creating beautiful twirls .
These photos are very rare .
You can only take them during the equinox , when the sunlight hits its rings at an angle that makes them look their best .
That was one of the reasons that made NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory seek more funding to extend the mission .
Here 's where Cassini is today .
Advertisement
The Cassini Equinox Mission mission is going to last until September 2010 .
Hopefully , NASA will be able to secure more funds for the next mission extension , which will take Cassini closer and closer to the rings , crashing against Saturn on 2017 .
The technical term to describe that mission is : Fraking kick ass .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Head to the Big Picture or NASA to see more stills and videos .
[ NASA via Big Picture ]
Posted on November 3 , 2009
Gore Denies He Is Profiting From Global Warming
" Of course I invest according to my beliefs and values , " former Vice President Gore said in response to claims he is profiting from climate change .
" I put my money where my mouth is , " he added .
Twenty - one politicians and journalists who were abducted in the southern Philippines have been found dead .
The group was seized on the island of Mindanao by armed men as they tried to file nomination papers for a candidate in local elections next year .
More members of the group are missing , feared dead .
Elections in the Philippines are often marred by violence , particularly in the south , where clashes connected to local rivalries and insurgencies erupt .
The country is to hold nationwide elections in May 2010 .
Registration for local and national races began earlier this month .
Jesus Dureza , adviser to President Gloria Arroyo in the volatile Mindanao region , said it was " a gruesome massacre of civilians unequalled in recent history " .
He recommended that a state of emergency be imposed in the area .
In a statement , Mrs Arroyo condemned the violence and said no effort would be spared to find those responsible .
" Civilised society has no place for this kind of violence , " she said .
Clan leader According to local reports , the group was abducted early on Monday while on its way to an election office in Maguindanao province to file nomination papers for a local mayor , Ismael Mangudadatu .
ANALYSIS Vaudine England , BBC Asia analyst Election violence is not unusual in the Philippines but the scale of this attack is shocking .
Every election period features assassinations of rivals , particularly in provincial areas where the forces of law and order are often tightly connected to local clans .
Every local politician has some form of personal security which , in some areas , balloons to private armies of scores or hundreds of well - armed , unregulated gunmen .
In this case , the Mangudadatu and Ampatuan clans were not always at war - but the Mangudadatu family 's bid to run for governor appears to have provoked a dramatic rise in tension .
It remains unclear who was responsible , but these killings are unusual for including women and journalists .
At this stage the violence does not appear to be related to the broader Muslim insurgencies in Mindanao geared toward securing more autonomy from the central government .
Power and money - control over lucrative local interests - seem the most likely motives .
Clan link to killings
Mr Mangudadatu was reportedly planning to challenge local clan leader Datu Andal Ampatuan for the governor 's office in the mainly Muslim province .
He was not part of the group but his wife , lawyers , aides and journalists were among those abducted when their three - vehicle convoy was attacked .
Lt Col Romeo Brawner , a spokesman for the Philippines armed forces , told the BBC the military had recovered 21 bodies , 13 female and eight male .
" Some of them have been mutilated - there are signs of mutilation .
However there are also reports of beheading , but we have not yet received any confirmation about this , " he said .
According to reports , the group that set off numbered between 30 and 40 people in total .
It is not clear whether anyone survived the attack .
Lt Col Brawner said it was believed more bodies had been buried , and that his forces were trying to locate them .
It appeared the violence was linked to local political tensions , he said .
" This is not the first time that we are experiencing this kind of violence related to politics or related to the elections that we 're going to have next year , " he said .
" However , this is one of the bloodiest that we have experienced so far . "
Mr Mangudadatu told the Associated Press news agency that his wife and relatives were among the dead .
He said his wife , Genalyn Tiamzon - Mangudadatu , had telephoned him shortly before the group was abducted .
" She said ... they had been stopped by 100 uniformed armed men ... then her line got cut off , " he said .
Never in the history of journalism have the news media suffered such a heavy loss of life in one day
Reporters Without Borders The National Union of Journalists of the Philippines ( NUJP ) said 12 of the 21 killed were reporters , and called for justice for the victims .
" This is a direct challenge to our efforts to strengthen democracy in this country , " AFP news agency quoted NUJP spokesman Jaime Espina as saying .
International press freedom group Reporters Without Borders condemned what it called " an incomprehensible bloodbath " .
" Never in the history of journalism have the news media suffered such a heavy loss of life in one day , " the group said in a statement .
Elections can be particularly violent in Maguindano and other parts of Mindanao island .
Both communist rebels and separatist Muslim insurgents are fighting government troops there , and local politics can be dominated by strongmen backed up by private militias .
Vaudine England , former BBC reporter in the Philippines , says both clans in this case are allied to Mrs Arroyo , limiting analysts ' expectations of any effective response from the central government .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lisa P. Jackson , administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , said that a tougher law was " long overdue " and that industry must cover some costs of the new plan .
She added that she would pursue regulation of six high - priority chemical groups this fall under the existing law .
These include phthalates , which are used to make plastics flexible ; bisphenol A , found in the linings of certain food cans and plastics ; and perfluorinated compounds , which are used to make nonstick cookware .
The Shroud is said to show Christ 's face at his crucifixion The Shroud of Turin has been reproduced by an Italian scientist in another attempt to prove that the cloth bearing an image of Christ 's face is a fake .
A professor of organic chemistry at the University of Pavia said he had used materials and techniques that were available in the Middle Ages .
These included applying pigment to cloth and then heating it in an oven .
Tests 20 years ago dated the fabric to between 1260 and 1390 , but believers say it is an authentic image of Christ .
The linen cloth , measuring about 4.4 m by 1.1 m ( 14.4 ft by 3.6 ft ) , holds the concealed image of a man bearing all the signs of crucifixion , including blood stains .
Tests in 1988 have been repeatedly challenged , and scientists remain unsure how the image came to be on the cloth .
Scientist Luigi Garlaschelli , who is due to present his findings to a conference on the paranormal at the weekend , said many people believed that the shroud " has unexplainable characteristics that cannot be reproduced by human means " .
But , he added : " The result obtained clearly indicates that this could be done with the use of inexpensive materials and with a quite simple procedure . "
If they do n't want to believe carbon dating done by some of the world 's best laboratories they certainly wo n't believe me .
Luigi Garlaschelli
Mr Garlaschelli , funded by a group of Italian atheists and agnostics , reproduced the shroud by placing a linen sheet flat over a volunteer and then rubbing it with a pigment containing traces of acid .
A mask was used for the face .
The pigment was then artificially aged by heating the cloth in an oven and washing it .
This removed the pigment from the surface but left a half - tone image similar to that on the Shroud .
Blood stains , burn holes , scorches and water stains were then added to achieve the final effect .
Mr Garlaschelli said he expected people to challenge his research .
" If they do n't want to believe carbon dating done by some of the world 's best laboratories they certainly wo n't believe me . "
The Shroud is kept in Turin Cathedral and is rarely displayed in public .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of two people suspected of shattering 11 windows Tuesday morning at the state Democratic Party headquarters has an arrest record and a history of helping a Democratic political candidate , public records show .
Police said that about 2:20 a.m. , 24 - year - old Maurice Schwenkler , now in custody , and an at - large accomplice took a hammer to the picture windows displaying posters touting President Barack Obama and his health care reform efforts .
Early Tuesday , Democratic Party chairwoman Pat Waak said the damage to her building in Denver ’s art district was a consequence of “ an effort on the other side to stir up hate . ”
She tempered her statement after Schwenkler ’s political history was revealed .
“ What I ’ve been saying is there is a lot of rhetoric out there from both sides of the spectrum , ” Waak said .
“ That ’s what ’s been disturbing to me .
People are saying a lot of things not appropriate for civil discourse . ”
For weeks , people on both sides of the health care debate have rallied across the country .
Schwenkler is charged with criminal mischief and is to make his first appearance in Denver County Court today .
He is accused of doing an estimated $ 11,000 in damage and could face a felony conviction .
On the last day of the 2008 Republican National Convention , he was charged with misdemeanor unlawful assembly in St. Paul , Minn .
Court records provided through the St. Paul Pioneer Press show he was jailed about 2 a.m .
Schwenkler received $ 500 in November 2008 to walk door - to - door in support of Democrat Mollie Cullom , who lost her race to Republican state Rep. David Balmer of Centennial .
Waak , who was not involved with the group that paid Schwenkler , said she ’s never heard of the suspect and pointed out that just because he canvassed “ does n’t mean he ’s a good Democrat . ”
Schwenkler was one of dozens of paid canvassers bankrolled by the Colorado Citizens ’ Coalition , a political 527 committee funded by labor groups and well - known , wealthy liberal donors .
In those disclosures , Schwenkler ’s address is listed as Derailer Bicycle Cooperative , a free community bicycle collective that operates just around the corner from the Democratic headquarters .
Multiple volunteers at the collective declined to discuss Schwenkler , though they said he was affiliated with the group .
Balmer said he suspects the vandalism might have been aimed at making the GOP look bad .
“ This sounds like the type of Democratic tactic from the left fringe trying to make Republicans look mean - spirited , ” Balmer said .
“ In this case , it blew up in their face .
He was caught red-handed . ”
Schwenkler allegedly tried to conceal his identity while committing the crime by wearing a shirt over his face , a hooded sweat shirt and latex gloves , according to police descriptions .
When a Denver police officer on patrol spotted two people smashing windows , the suspects fled on bicycles .
Schwenkler was arrested after a short foot pursuit , but the other suspect sped away , police Detective Vicki Ferrari said .
She declined to release further details .
Staff writers Joey Bunch and Felisa Cardona contributed to this report .
Jessica Fender : 303-954-1244 or jfender@denverpost.com
Hanged Census Worker Staged Suicide in Apparent Insurance Scam Bill Sparkman was bound and hanging from a tree with " Fed " written on his chest .
Nov. 24 , 2009  --
The part - time census worker found naked , bound and hanging from a tree had staged his suicide to make it appear like murder , authorities said today .
When the body of Bill Sparkman , 51 , was found near a rural Kentucky cemetery in September , he was gagged , had duct tape over his eyes and neck , his hands and feet were bound with tape , and he had " fed " scrawled on his chest .
Authorities initially investigated whether Sparkman had been a victim of anti-government sentiment , but today they said in a statement that he died during an " intentional , self - inflicted act that was staged to appear as a homicide . "
Two life insurance plans had also been taken out by Sparkman , a single father , right before the time of his death , but payment for suicide was precluded , said police .
If Sparkman had been killed on the job , his family also would have been be eligible for up to $ 10,000 in death gratuity payments from the government , according to the Associated Press .
He was not eligible for a separate life insurance policy through the government because his census work was intermittent , Census Bureau spokesman Stephen Buckner said in September .
According to the Kentucky State Police , DNA evidence shows that Sparkman was the only person who " handled the key pieces of evidence " and there was no evidence of involvement by other individuals .
Kentucky State Police Capt .
Lisa Rudzinski said an analysis found that " fed " was written " from the bottom up . "
He was touching the ground , and to survive " all Mr. Sparkman had to do at any time was stand up , " she said .
Sparkman had also " discussed ending his own life , " according to the police statement , and had often talked about the " perceived negative attitudes toward federal entities " by members of the community .
Sparkman 's mother , Henrie Sparkman of Inverness , Fla. , bristled at the conclusion .
" I disagree ! " she wrote in an e-mail to The Associated Press .
Police said the official cause of death was asphyxiation and strangulation .
Slain Census Worker Was Cancer Survivor
Jerry Weaver of Fairfield , Ohio , was in the area for a family reunion when he discovered Sparkman 's body on Sept. 12 in Daniel Boone National Forest .
Sparkman 's truck was found nearby with his computer still inside .
" His tailgate was down , " Weaver told the AP at the time .
" I thought he could have been killed somewhere else and brought there and hanged up for display , or they actually could have killed him right there .
It was a bad , bad scene . "
Sparkman , his mother said , had moved to Kentucky to take a leadership position with the Boy Scouts of America .
He , himself , was an Eagle Scout .
A single father and non-Hodgkin lymphoma survivor , Sparkman was working two jobs -- as a census worker and a substitute teacher -- while he waited for a permanent teaching position to open up .
Carol Williams was Sparkman 's course mentor in the teacher education program at Western Governors University , where he took online classes and graduated in 2008 .
" He was going to be a middle school mathematics teacher , " she said .
" From what I recall , he was an instruction aide , what we call a paraprofessional .
He did a lot of things that teachers do . "
Williams said he was so devoted to education and such a hard worker that she nominated him to speak at commencement , which he attended in Salt Lake City after driving cross-country .
In a 2008 profile in The Times Tribune , which covers southeastern Kentucky , Sparkman talked about juggling school , work , chemotherapy treatments and being a single father to a teenage son .
" I know a lot of people were out there praying for me , and I have no doubt that it was a mixture of God 's will , the doctors , and my friends and family that got me through this , " he told the newspaper .
The Census Bureau said Sparkman 's death was the first suspicious death of a census worker since 1998 , although a 71 - year - old employee was killed by a dog in Nashville , Ind. , in 2000 .
ABC News ' Sarah Netter and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
RHONE GLACIER , Switzerland ( Reuters ) - Standing on the glacier at the source of the Rhone river , glaciologist Andreas Bauder poses next to a 3 - meter high pole sticking out of the ice , and gestures above his head .
The Grande Dixence dam is pictured with the Lac des Dix in Pralong , near Sion in southern Switzerland in this August 16 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Denis Balibouse / Files
“ This is about the melt of one month , ” he says , as fellow scientists drill into the ice .
“ I ’m about two meters tall . ”
From the Himalayas to the Andes , faster - melting glaciers spell short - term opportunities -- and long - term risks -- for hydroelectric power and the engineering and construction industries it drives .
The most widely used form of renewable energy globally , hydro meets more than half Switzerland ’s energy needs .
As summers dry and glaciers that help drive turbines with meltwater recede , that share may eventually fall .
A study by Lausanne ’s EPFL technical university forecast a decline to 46 percent by 2035 for hydro from around 60 percent now as precipitation declines and total energy use increases .
In the same way as the Himalayas are “ Asia ’s water - tower , ” Switzerland is the source of Europe ’s biggest rivers , supporting agriculture and waterways , and cooling nuclear power stations .
Water trickles down white - blue crevasses and ice cracks and creaks as Bauder , who for Zurich technical university spends about 20 to 30 days a year working on Swiss glaciers , explains that most of the mighty Rhone glacier will be gone by the end of the century .
“ Nature can adjust to the circumstances , ” he said .
“ It ’s just people who are much more fragile about living conditions . ”
More than a billion people worldwide live in river basins fed by glacier or snowmelt .
Glaciers have been retreating dramatically since the end of the Little Ice Age in the 19th century , particularly in the Himalayas where they feed rivers including the Mekong and Yangtze and ensure water and power for fast - growing economies .
A lack of water for hydropower is already “ critical ” in Bolivia , Peru , Colombia and Ecuador , according to the U.N. ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , which also sees risks to water supplies to southern California from the loss of the Sierra Nevada and Colorado River basin snowpack .
In Europe , 20 percent of electricity comes from hydro -- generating potential that is projected to decrease by the 2070s , falling sharpest in the Mediterranean .
Bauder pointed to an area of stony ground and small lakes beyond the end of Rhone glacier ice field : “ When I was a kid , I remember that the glacier was much larger .
The glacier tongue was still reaching over this rocky area . ”
WINNERS AND LOSERS
The Swiss hydroelectric industry is part - funding Bauder ’s research , to help it take a long view on new projects in an industry where licenses often run for up to a century .
Other risks researchers have identified include sudden floods from swollen glacial lakes .
Demand for more pumping technology and dams is one response in countries which can afford them .
Experts stress that forecasts so far ahead are highly uncertain , particularly in predicting precipitation , and note that some regions may even benefit .
“ With climate change there will be some areas in the world with more precipitation year round , ” said Petra Doell , a professor of hydrology at the University of Frankfurt and a member of the U.N. climate panel .
“ That will mean more hydropower generation even if glaciers melt . ”
For example Norway , which generates almost 100 percent of its power from hydroelectricity , is likely to get more rain and snow because of climate change even as glaciers retreat .
But if glaciers do disappear , one main impact will be lower river flows in dry seasons -- when irrigation is often needed for crops .
That would particularly threaten people in the world ’s biggest rice - growers , China and India .
Slideshow ( 11 images )
Nations with high power demand in dry seasons could suffer from lower flows , but Doell said hydropower reservoirs could be used to mute the overall impacts of melting glaciers downstream .
“ A reservoir helps to broaden the availability of water throughout the year , ” she said .
“ But there are few dams in south - east Asia , where the impacts of melting glaciers will be most severe . ”
WAYS TO STORE WATER
From the Swiss perspective , the Lausanne study forecasts run-off from the Swiss Alps will fall by 7 percent to 2049 , as glaciers recede and precipitation rises by 6 percent in winter and drops by 8 percent in summer .
These wetter winters and drier summers may force changes in the way Switzerland stores and moves water .
In the past , the country used to make sure its storage lakes were full in September to provide hydropower for heating as energy demand peaked in winter , while they were empty in April , ready to be replenished by melting snow and ice .
“ Since the electricity market was liberalized and listed companies involved , which are more oriented to earning money and delivering energy at the best price , it has been more difficult to fill the lakes in the winter , ” said Bruno Schaedler , a hydrologist from Bern University .
The melting glaciers will be a bonus in the short term , but the hydro industry will have to manage water more efficiently : “ When we do n’t have the reserves of the glaciers , we will need more storage dams , ” said Joerg Aeberhard , head of hydraulic production at Swiss energy company Alpiq .
Swiss hydropower is not completely dependent on glaciers , he stressed : melting snow is more important and provides run -off with less sediment .
“ We are worried about climate change , but I am more worried as a citizen than as a generator of hydroelectric power . ”
By the end of the century , the Lausanne study forecasts run-off will have fallen by 17 percent as the glaciers will have virtually disappeared .
About 55 percent of the 100 cubic km of water stored in Switzerland ’s glaciers at the end of the last mini Ice Age in 1850 was gone by 2006 .
Total water stored in the glaciers of the European Alps as a whole had fallen two - thirds to 61 cubic km in 2006 .
Bern University hydrologist Schaedler said Switzerland would probably need to make more use of pumped storage power stations -- which pump water into high reservoirs when demand is low , to release the water as demand peaks -- to manage changing flows in run-off and help the rest of Europe cope with more unpredictable precipitation .
While winters may be wetter and summers drier , he said the fact that the Alps attract three times heavier rainfall than the average for the rest of Europe suggests the country will still be relatively comfortable .
“ The role of Switzerland as a water tower will become more important for the rest of Europe with climate change and changing precipitation , ” Schaedler said .
Image : YLE Keski-Suomi / Petteri Juuti
The government had already decided to make a 100 Mb broadband connection a legal right by the end of 2015 .
On Wednesday , the Ministry announced the new goal as an intermediary step .
Some variation will be allowed , if connectivity can be arranged through mobile phone networks .
“ Mean ” Joe Greene finally got what was coming to him — and it was n’t a blindside tackle .
Thirty years after appearing in one of television ’s most iconic ads , the former Pittsburgh Steelers player and four - time Super Bowl champion was finally given an award for his part in a 1979 Coca - Cola commercial that has been cited as on of the best in television advertising history .
The ad shows the defensive tackle limping off the field and into the locker room , when a young fan stops Greene to tell him just how great he is and offers him a bottle of Coke .
After a bit of coaxing , Greene accepts the drink and shows his gratitude by flipping his jersey to the youthful admirer .
The ad concludes with the brand ’s famous tagline at the time , “ Have a Coke and smile . ”
Mean Joe , now 63 , was n’t available to receive the award at a ceremony when the award was first presented .
But that changed Sunday ahead of the Bengals - Steelers game with Greene on hand to accept the honor three decades later .
The ad ’s other star , Tommy Okon , who played the wide - eyed youngster and was 9 at the time of filming , was on hand for the award ’s presentation .
//
The commercial was awarded two CLIOS in 1980 , one for best ad and a second for best male performance , according to Atlanta - based Coca - Cola .
But Greene never got his statuette .
Despite the passage of time , the ad still has much of the charm it exuded when it first aired .
One obvious change , however , is the glass bottle from which Greene drinks .
Once as common as rotary - dial phones , glass bottles have largely been sidelined to make way for lighter plastic and aluminum .
No word yet on how the pro-football Hall of Famer feels about that strategy , but given his team ’s “ steely ” image , we ’re guessing Greene prefers glass to plastic .
Source AOL
NEW DELHI : Are fake drugs manufactured in China being pushed into various African countries with the ` Made in India ' tag ?
The Indian government has long suspected this to be the case , but it now has definite evidence for the first time .
Last week , the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control ( NAFDAC ) of Nigeria issued a press release stating that a large consignment of fake anti-malarial generic pharmaceuticals labelled ` Made in India ' were , in fact , found to have been produced in China .
New Delhi has registered ``strong protest '' with the Chinese mission and China 's foreign trade ministry , according to sources in the commerce ministry .
India 's High Commissioner in the Nigerian capital of Abuja , Mahesh Sachdev , had earlier written to then commerce secretary GSK Pillai , alerting him to the large seizure : `` While this is a case of a Chinese company exporting fake ` Made in India ' labelled medicines which has been accidentally exposed , it is unlikely to be an isolated incident .
Indeed there is no reason for Nigeria to be the only country to be receiving such consignments . ''
His letter went on to say : `` Fake foreign - made generics carrying ` Made in India ' label can do tremendous harm to our interests .
It not only dents our image and takes our legitimate market share , it also erodes the distinction between generic and fake medicines that we have been campaigning for at WHO and WTO '' .
Commerce ministry sources said : ``We have had many complaints about such fake drugs from China being offloaded as Indian drugs in countries like Ghana , South Africa , Ivory Coast and West Africa ��� in general , where India has a substantial market share .
But so far there has been no formal complaint .
This is the first time that such a large international consignment has been seized and this will be taken up strongly with the Chinese side . ''
Sachdev in his letter said that he had spoken to the director - general of NAFDAC Dr Paul Orhii who said that the Nigerian preference for generics made such cases of fake drugs more common .
He expressed NAFDAC 's determination to curb circulation of substandard fake medicines .
India and China have been held primarily responsible for fake drugs in the Nigerian market in particular and Africa in general .
About 60 % of drugs in Nigeria are imported .
Between 2001 and 2007 , more than 30 Indian and Chinese companies were banned in Nigeria for exporting fake drugs to the country .
However , Dr Mira Shiva of the Initiative for Health Equity and Society ( IHES ) told TOI that both India and China being large manufacturers of generics , multinational firms would look to discredit the two countries and label their drugs as substandard , so that they would have greater access to the African markets .
She warned against the two countries trying to run each other down before ascertaining the full facts in the case to rule out any orchestration , but added that India ought to be more careful to ensure the quality of the drugs exported as well as sold domestically .
Methylphenidate amplifies long - term plasticity in the hippocampus via noradrenergic mechanisms
Next Section Abstract Methylphenidate treatment is used for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and can improve learning and memory .
Previously , improvements were considered a by - product of increased attention ; however , we hypothesize that methylphenidate directly alters mechanisms underlying learning and memory , and therefore examined its effects on hippocampal long - term potentiation and long - term depression .
Methylphenidate enhanced both mechanisms in the absence of presynaptic changes and in a noradrenalin β- receptor - dependent manner .
These findings can explain both the improved learning and memory and decreased learning selectivity found with methylphenidate treatment and constitute the first demonstration of direct actions of methylphenidate on mechanisms implicated in cognition .
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) affects 8 % –12 % of children ( Biederman and Faraone 2005 ) and is characterized by inattention , hyperactivity , and impulsivity .
Consequences of the disorder include poorer academic performance , employment records , social relationships , and a higher risk of drug abuse ( Doggett 2004 ) .
While behavioral , cognitive , and psychosocial therapies exist for ADHD , they are often ineffective unless combined with pharmacological treatment ( Brown et al. 2005 ) , the most common of which is the psychostimulant , methylphenidate ( Ritalin , Concerta ) .
Methylphenidate is known to increase extracellular dopamine and noradrenalin ( Kuczenski and Segal 1997 , 2002 ) , but not serotonin ( Kuczenski and Segal 1997 ) suggesting that therapeutic efficacy relates to alterations in dopamine and noradrenalin .
Despite knowledge of these neurochemical effects , the mechanisms contributing to the effectiveness of methylphenidate are unclear ( Safer and Allen 1989 ; National Institutes of Health Consensus Development Conference Statement 2000 ; Greenhill 2001 ) .
One clue to mechanisms of efficacy can be found at a behavioral level , where methylphenidate improves academic performance ( Yang et al .
2004 ; McGough et al. 2006 ) , working ( Wright and White 2003 ) and visual ( Rhodes et al. 2004 ) memory , nonverbal ( O’ Toole et al. 1997 ) and visuospatial ( Bedard et al. 2004 ) learning , and reading skills ( Keulers et al. 2007 ) , which may explain why , in addition to its medicinal use , it is used illegally by healthy students to aid study ( Teter et al. 2006 ) .
Despite evidence of methylphenidate - induced changes in learning and memory , the mechanisms underlying these changes have received little focus and are commonly assumed to be a by - product of improved attention .
However , we suggest that these findings are the result of direct actions of methylphenidate on learning and memory mechanisms .
In support of this hypothesis , methylphenidate has been shown to increase hippocampal noradrenalin in vivo ( Kuczenski and Segal 2002 ) , and such changes are known to impact on plasticity such as long - term potentiation ( LTP ) and long - term depression ( LTD ) ( Hopkins and Johnston 1984 ; Izumi et al .
1992 ; Sah and Bekkers 1996 ; Thomas et al .
1996 ; Izumi and Zorumski 1999 ; Schimanski et al. 2007 ; Lin et al. 2008 ) , both of which are implicated in learning and memory ( Kemp and Manahan - Vaughan 2007 ) .
In order to test whether methylphenidate directly impacts learning and memory mechanisms , we investigated the effects of therapeutically relevant doses of methylphenidate on LTP and LTD in the hippocampus in vitro .
In order to ensure therapeutic relevance , we used rats aged between P22 and P35 .
This age is considered to be preadolescent ( Brown 2005 ) , and therefore corresponds to the child population commonly prescribed methylphenidate , and has been used in a number of studies on methylphenidate in the past ( Kuczenski and Segal 2002 , 2005 ; Carlezon et al. 2003 ) .
Horizontal hippocampal slices ( 400 μm ) were prepared from male Wister rats ( n = 130 ) killed by decapitation under isoflurane anesthesia .
The brain was removed and sectioned in ice - cold oxygenated artificial CSF ( aCSF ) containing ( in millimolars ) : 124 NaCl , 3.7 KCl , 26 NaHCO 3 , 2.4 CaCl 2 , 1.3 MgSO 4 , 1.3 KH 2 PO 4 , and 10 C 6 H 12 O 6 saturated with 95 % O 2 /5 % CO 2 .
After sectioning , slices were given 1 h to equilibrate at room temperature before being transferred to a heated submersion recording chamber 30 min before recording commenced , where they were maintained within 0.5 °C of their starting temperature for the duration of the experiment ( starting temperature 30.5 °C–31.5 °C ) with oxygenated aCSF flowing at a rate of 2.0 mL / minute .
Field potential recordings were made from the striatum radiatum in the CA1 region of the hippocampus using glass microelectrodes ( 3 –10 MΩ ) .
Field potentials were evoked by electrical stimulation of the CA1 Schaffer collaterals with concentric bipolar stimulating electrodes ( FHC ) .
Stimulus response curves were completed at the start of every experiment , and acceptable field potential amplitudes exceeded 1 mV at the maximum stimulation intensity .
The intensity that elicited the half maximal response was used for the remainder of the experiment .
Response size was measured as the slope of the response from the point after which the fiber volley finished to the trough .
For paired - pulse facilitation ( PPF ) five interpulse intervals were tested : 25 , 50 , 100 , 200 , and 500 ms , and paired - pulse ratios were calculated from averages of 10 stimulation presentations .
For LTP and LTD experiments , a stable baseline response to 0.03
Hz stimulation , which is an interstimulus interval of 30 s , was obtained before the conditioning stimuli were applied .
To measure LTP and LTD response size , the slope of the field potential was measured 30 min after the tetanus and normalized to baseline .
The lowest dose of methylphenidate used corresponds to the blood plasma level of the drug in children receiving treatment for ADHD ( 10 ng / mL ) .
Methylphenidate is known to reach higher concentrations in the brain than in the blood ( Hoffman and Lefkowitz 1996 ) , and therefore this dose was taken to be the minimum therapeutically relevant concentration , and two higher doses were also tested ( 20 and 50 ng / mL ) .
Whenever a drug was applied , an additional 30 min was given for equilibration , and all drugs , once added , were used for the duration of the experiment .
In order to fully characterize the effects of methylphenidate , we examined its effect on baseline responsiveness using a stimulus - response curve and PPF .
We found no significant effect of methylphenidate on the stimulus - response curve ( F ( 0.957 ) df = 3 , 186 , P > 0.05 ; control n = 41 , 10 ng / mL n = 37 , 20 ng / mL n = 40 , 50 ng / mL n = 48 ) , indicating that it does not effect baseline responsiveness in the hippocampus .
Wilcoxon tests revealed that in the absence of methylphenidate ( n = 9 ) , significant PPF was found with interstimulus intervals ( ISI ) of 25 ms ( P < 0.01 ) , 50 ms ( P < 0.01 ) , 100 ms ( P < 0.01 ) , and 200 ms ( P < 0.05 ) , but not 500 ms ( P > 0.05 ) .
This pattern of facilitation was maintained with methylphenidate ( 10 ng / mL n = 9 , 20 ng / mL n = 9 , 50 ng / mL n = 9 ) as shown in Figure 1 .
A two - factor ANOVA ( repeated - measures factor = ISI , between - measures factor = dose ) was used to compare the paired - pulse ratio at the different doses and revealed a significant main effect of ISI ( F ( 35.33 ) df = [ 4,128 ] , P < 0.001 ) but not dose ( F ( 1.29 ) df = [ 3,32 ] , P > 0.05 ) .
There was also a significant TIME × DOSE interaction ( F ( 1.91 ) df = [ 12,128 ] , P < 0.05 ) , and Figure 1 shows that the paired - pulse ratio tended to be larger for the drug conditions at shorter ISIs .
View larger version : Download as PowerPoint Slide Figure 1 .
Paired - pulse ratios in the presence and absence of methylphenidate .
Significant paired - pulse facilitation is shown in the absence of methylphenidate at all interstimulus intervals except 500 ms .
Methylphenidate ( 10 ng / mL , 20 ng / mL , and 50 mg / mL ) does not significantly alter this pattern of responses .
Paired - pulse ratio is calculated by dividing the slope of the response to the second pulse by the response to the first pulse .
In the absence of methylphenidate , LTP was induced by four 1 -s trains of pulses at 100 Hz ( HFS ) , with an intertrain interval of 15 s , and resulted in a response of 1.39 ± 0.02 ( n = 6 ) times the baseline .
There was a dose - dependent increase in LTP with methylphenidate as shown in Figure 2A–C : 10 ng/mL = 1.62 ± 0.12 ( n = 7 ) ; 20 ng/mL = 1.77 ± 0.08 ( n = 6 ) ; 50 ng/mL = 2.13 ± 0.21 ( n = 6 ) , and Kruskal - Wallis analysis revealed a significant effect of dose ( χ2 = 11.37 , df = 3 , P = 0.01 ) on LTP magnitude .
Individual Mann - Whitney U - tests showed that in the presence of the lowest dose , 10 ng / mL , LTP was not significantly greater than control ( P > 0.05 ) , while application of both the 20 and 50 ng / mL resulted in significantly greater potentiation relative to control ( P < 0.005 ) .
View larger version : Download as PowerPoint Slide Figure 2 . ( A ) Methylphenidate ( MPH ) significantly enhances long - term potentiation in the CA1 region of the hippocampus in response to HFS ( indicated by arrowhead ) .
( B ) Typical traces from each condition at 30 min post - tetanus ( gray ) compared with baseline ( black ) .
Horizontal scale bar , 10 ms ; vertical scale bars , 0.5 mV . ( C ) Level of potentiation 30 min after the tetanus was applied .
There is a dose - dependent increase in potentiation that only reaches significance for the 20 and 50 ng / mL doses .
( D ) Timolol reverses the effects of methylphenidate application on LTP in the CA1 region .
Arrowhead indicates time at which HFS was applied .
( E ) Typical traces from each condition at 30 min post - tetanus ( gray ) compared with baseline ( black ) .
Control and 50 ng / mL methylphenidate are replicated from B to allow comparison with Timolol and Timolol combined with methylphenidate .
( F ) Level of potentiation 30 min after the tetanus was applied .
Timolol alone has no effect on LTP ; however , when applied 30 min prior to 50 ng / mL methylphenidate , it reverses the effect of methylphenidate , returning LTP to within baseline levels .
In methylphenidate and methylphenidate +
Timolol conditions , the drugs were applied at least 30 min prior to the start of the baseline period and remained present throughout recording .
Application of the noradrenergic β- receptor antagonist Timolol ( 10 μM ) alone had no significant effect on LTP ( t = 0.25 , df = 7 , P > 0.05 ; n = 6 ) .
This is in line with previous studies showing that β- receptor antagonists have no effect of LTP in the CA1 region of the hippocampus ( Dunwiddie et al .
1982 ; Swanson - Park et al. 1999 ) , although most studies do find an alteration in other hippocampal regions ( Lacaille and Harley 1985 ; Hopkins and Johnston 1988 ; Ishihara et al .
1991 ; Huang and Kandel 1996 ; Munro et al. 2001 ) .
When we applied Timolol in combination with 50 ng / mL methylphenidate ( n = 6 ) , we found that the β- receptor antagonist could abolish the methylphenidate - induced enhancement ( 1.44 ± 0.16 : t = 0.28 , df = 5 , P > 0.05 compared with control ; t = 2.57 , df = 9 , P < 0.05 compared with methylphenidate alone , see Figure 2D–F ) , suggesting that the effect of methylphenidate is mediated by action at noradrenalin β-receptors .
When the HFS was repeated 30 min after the initial presentation , no further potentiation could be induced in the presence ( t = 0.75 , df = 5 , P > 0.05 ; n = 6 ) or absence of methylphenidate ( t = 0.50 , df = 5 , P > 0.05 ; n = 6 ) , suggesting that this stimulus was saturating in both conditions .
In order to determine whether methylphenidate altered LTP in the presence of a weaker stimulus , we tested the effects of methylphenidate on responses to 15 pulses at 100 Hz , which would ordinarily be ineffective at inducing LTP .
In control conditions this resulted in a mean response of 1.09 ± 0.02 ( n = 5 ) , that is , within baseline levels .
However , in the presence of methylphenidate , a significantly greater enhancement was found ( 1.22 ± 0.05 : t = 2.46 , df = 6 , P < 0.05 , n = 5 ) suggesting that methylphenidate may reduce the threshold for LTP induction .
Figure 3A shows the normalized magnitude of LTD induced by 900 paired - pulse stimuli ( interpulse interval 50 ms ) at 1 Hz was 0.95 ± 0.05 ( n = 6 ) of the baseline in control conditions , with the majority of records returning to baseline within 30 min .
Our failure to induce LTD was initially thought to be due to a general down - regulation of LTD with age often inferred from LTD being less inducible with standard low - frequency stimulation in adults compared with young animals ( Bashir and Collingridge 1994 ; Errington et al .
1995 ; Heynen et al. 1996 ; Kemp and Bashir 1999 ) .
However , the stimulation paradigm used in the current study uses paired - pulse low - frequency stimulation , which has been shown to be effective in similar age rats to those used here ( Kemp et al. 2000 ) , resulting in a depression of ∼ 30 % .
With the exception that the previous work with this age rat used females and the current study used males , we can find no explanation for the discrepancy in the results .
View larger version : Download as PowerPoint Slide Figure 3 . ( A ) Methylphenidate ( MPH ) significantly enhances long - term depression in the CA1 region of the hippocampus in response to LFS ( indicated by arrowhead ) .
( B ) Typical traces from each condition at 30 min post - tetanus ( gray ) compared with baseline ( black ) .
Horizontal scale bar , 10 ms ; vertical scale bars , 0.5 mV . ( C ) Level of potentiation 30 min after the tetanus was applied .
In the absence of methylphenidate , there is not significant long - term depression .
However , LTD becomes evident in the presence of all three doses of methylphenidate .
( D ) Timolol reverses the effects of methylphenidate application on LTD in the CA1 region .
Arrowhead indicates time at which LFS was applied .
( E ) Typical traces from each condition at 30 min post - tetanus ( gray ) compared with baseline ( black ) .
Control and 50 ng / mL methylphenidate are replicated from B to allow comparison with Timolol and Timolol combined with methylphenidate ( MPH ) .
( F ) Level of depression 30 min after the tetanus was applied .
Timolol alone has no effect on LTD ; however , when applied 30 min prior to 50 ng / mL methylphenidate , it reverses the effect of methylphenidate , abolishing LTD .
In methylphenidate and methylphenidate +
Timolol conditions , the drugs were applied at least 30 min prior to the start of the baseline period and remained present throughout recording .
As with LTP , LTD was enhanced with methylphenidate : 10 ng/mL = 0.78 ± 0.07 ( n = 6 ) ; 20 ng/mL = 0.81 ± 0.05 ( n = 7 ) ; 50 ng/mL = 0.75 ± 0.06 ( n = 6 ) .
A One - way ANOVA revealed a significant effect of dose ( F ( 3.21 ) df = 3,21 , P < 0.05 ) on magnitude , and t- tests corrected for multiple comparisons and effect size ( Holm 1979 ) show a significant increase in LTD for all doses ( 10 ng / mL : t = 2.23 , df = 10 , P < 0.05 ; 20 ng / mL : t = 2.70 , df = 11 , P < 0.025 ; 50 ng / mL : t = 3.05 , df = 10 , P < 0.0167 ) .
In line with the LTP , there was no significant effect of Timolol on LTD when applied alone ( n = 6 ; t = 1.08 , df = 10 , P > 0.05 ) , but when Timolol was applied prior to and during application of 50 ng / mL methylphenidate ( n = 6 ) , it significantly reduced the methylphenidate - induced enhancement ( t = 3.74 , df = 7 , P < 0.01 ) to within control levels ( t = 1.08 , df = 10 , P > 0.05 ) .
We have characterized the effects of acute application of methylphenidate on hippocampal LTP and LTD in vitro , demonstrating that methylphenidate enhances both mechanisms without significantly affecting PPF .
Given that PPF represents a form of short - term plasticity ( Creager et al. 1980 ; Zucker 1989 ) , which is , at least in part , mediated presynaptically as demonstrated by increases in quantal neurotransmitter content or number of quanta released and increased presynaptic calcium ( Hess et al .
1987 ; Foster and McNaughton 1991 ) , the lack of effect on PPF suggests that the drug acts postsynaptically .
Enhancements in LTP and LTD were blocked by a selective noradrenergic β- receptor antagonist , indicating that the effects were mediated by noradrenalin acting at β-receptors .
These findings are of interest at both a cellular level , where LTP and LTD represent long - term changes in the brain , and at a behavioral level , where they are implicated in learning and memory .
Considering first the cellular level , we suggest that methylphenidate increases noradrenalin levels and in turn alters plasticity .
Our finding that the effects of methylphenidate are mediated by noradrenalin is in line with previous work ; Kuczenski and Segal ( 1997 , 2002 ) found that therapeutically relevant doses of methylphenidate increased hippocampal noradrenalin in vivo .
In addition to this , noradrenalin is known to be a strong modulator of hippocampal activity ; the hippocampus receives adrenergic innervation from the locus coeruleus ( Moore and Bloom 1979 ; Loy et al. 1980 ) and activation of adrenergic receptors in this region alters excitability of CA1 pyramidal cells , with increases in excitability being attributed to activity at β-receptors , while decreases in excitability are thought to be mediated by α-receptor activity ( Mueller et al .
1982 ; Madison and Nicoll 1988 ; Gereau and Conn 1994 ) .
It might be expected that if methylphenidate were causing activation of adrenergic receptors , we should see alterations in the baseline responsiveness , which is not the case .
However , this may be due to the level of receptor activation ; for example , direct application of noradrenalin ( 10 μM ) has been shown to cause a depression in field potential activity in CA1 ( Katsuki et al. 1997 ) , but it is likely that activation of noradrenalin receptors following application of a low dose of methylphenidate is considerably lower than following 10 μM noradrenalin application , meaning a depression would not necessarily be evident .
As well as changes in baseline excitability in the hippocampus , noradrenalin plays a significant role in hippocampal plasticity .
For example , various studies have shown that application of noradrenalin or β-receptor agonists can induce a long - lasting potentiation in the absence of any conditioning stimuli ( Dahl and Sarvey 1989 ; Heginbotham and Dunwiddie 1991 ; Dahl and Jingmin 1994 ; Pelletier et al. 1994 ) .
In addition , and perhaps more comparable to the current data , are the effects of noradrenalin and its agonist on plasticity induced by electrical stimulation .
To date , a number of studies have shown that noradrenalin application increases amplitude of LTP ( Hopkins and Johnston 1984 ; Izumi and Zorumski 1999 ) , enables induction of LTP with lower frequency stimulation ( Sah and Bekkers 1996 ; Thomas et al. 1996 ) , reverses NMDA - mediated inhibition of LTP ( Izumi et al. 1992 ) , rescues impaired LTP in transgenic animals ( Schimanski et al. 2007 ) , and inhibits associative LTD ( Lin et al. 2008 ) .
Our results demonstrated that methylphenidate produced a significant enhancement of LTP amplitude , which is in line with this previous data , suggesting that activation of adrenergic receptors can enhance LTP .
Our finding that this effect is mediated by β-receptors is also in keeping with previous results ( Sah and Bekkers 1996 ; Thomas et al .
1996 ; Katsuki et al. 1997 ; Schimanski et al. 2007 ) , suggesting the importance of this receptor subtype in plasticity .
In addition to enhanced LTP , we showed that when methylphenidate is present , a weak , normally ineffective tetanus can induce LTP .
This adds support to the work by Thomas et al. ( 1996 ) and Sah and Bekkers ( 1996 ) , the latter of which suggests that this effect is elicited via activation of the noradrenergic system , which results in blockade of afterhyperpolarization .
While we were unable to demonstrate LTD , we were able to demonstrate a dose - dependent increase in LTD with methylphenidate application , which was also mediated by β-receptor activation .
The effects of noradrenalin on hippocampal LTD have received less attention than LTP ( Dahl and Sarvey 1989 ; Katsuki et al. 1997 ; Scheiderer et al. 2003 ) .
Dahl and Sarvey ( 1989 ) demonstrated that noradrenalin applied to the dentate gyrus could result in long - lasting depression or potentiation in a pathway - specific manner that could be abolished by β-receptor blockade , while Scheiderer et al. ( 2003 ) found noradrenalin induced long lasting depression in CA1 in a manner mediated by α-receptors .
Perhaps more comparable to the present study , which induced LTD with low - frequency stimulation , Katsuki et al. ( 1997 ) found noradrenalin suppressed LTD in the CA1 region .
Our data found that methylphenidate , via activity at the β-receptor , was able to enhance LTD rather than suppress it , which is at odds with the work of Katsuki et al. ( 1997 ) ; but differences in drug concentrations may underlie these discrepancies .
At a behavioral level , where LTP and LTD are implicated in learning and memory , our results are consistent with previous work examining the role of noradrenalin in memory .
A recent review by Ramos and Arnsten ( 2007 ) stated that noradrenalin increases the signal / noise ratio and enhances long - term memory consolidation in the hippocampus .
As well as consolidation , hippocampal noradrenalin is implicated in memory acquisition ( Mason and Iverson 1977 ; Mason and Fibiger 1978 ) and retrieval ( Murchison et al. 2004 ) , indicating that it is fundamental to learning and memory processes in the hippocampus .
Interestingly , and very relevant to ADHD treatment , the effects of noradrenalin on retrieval have been found to be independent of attention ( Murchison et al. 2004 ) , providing further evidence against the widely held belief that improvements in learning and memory with methylphenidate are due to increased attention .
Our demonstration that a weak stimulus , which ordinarily would not induce LTP , became effective in the presence of methylphenidate , suggests a decrease in stimulus selectivity .
ADHD has been characterized as a widening of the attentional window ( Shalev and Tsal 2003 ) ; therefore , it would be predicted that treatments should increase selectivity rather than decrease it .
However , our findings are supported by Horsley and Cassaday ( 2007 ) , who demonstrated an increase in conditioning to weaker stimuli following acute methylphenidate treatment .
They argued that while this is normally considered detrimental , ADHD sufferers show abnormal conditioning , and decreasing selectivity may represent an improvement .
The same may not be true of the healthy methylphenidate users , making it a very real possibility that incorrect plasticity may occur in this group .
While our work uses acutely applied methylphenidate , the mechanisms demonstrated may also underlie some of the effects of chronic use .
Indeed , recall that long - term methylphenidate treatment has been shown to improve working ( Wright and White 2003 ) and visual memory ( Rhodes et al. 2004 ) , nonverbal ( O’ Toole et al. 1997 ) and visuospatial learning ( Bedard et al. 2004 ) , and reading skills ( Keulers et al. 2007 ) .
It has also been found to attenuate memory deficits in Alzheimer ’s disease ( Kittur and Hauser 1999 ) and improve learning in children left with learning deficits following cancer ( Thompson et al. 2001 ) .
More firmly correlated to the hippocampal activity investigated in the current study , methylphenidate can increase visual–spatial memory ( Bedard et al. 2004 ) and Morris water - maze performance ( Kline et al. 2000 ) .
While significant improvements in learning and memory are not always found ( Rie et al. 1976 ; Swanson et al. 1991 ) , a recent review ( Pietrzak et al. 2006 ) suggested that improvements in short - and long - term memory are seen in 58 % of studies following methylphenidate treatment , and Swanson et al. ( 1991 ) suggest that improvements are not seen in all cases , as doses are calibrated according to behavior and not cognition .
Our results are also in line with the recent study showing that atomoxetine , a selective noradrenalin reuptake inhibitor , also used for treating ADHD , can enhance performance on a task aimed at modeling plasticity ( Foster et al. 2006 ) .
Although this is the first demonstration that methylphenidate can alter LTP and LTD , there is evidence for methylphenidate affecting other types of plasticity .
Recent work has shown that chronic methylphenidate treatment alters dendritic and synaptic development in the anterior cingulate cortex ( Zehle et al. 2007 ) , decreases adult neurogenesis ( Lagace et al. ( 2006 ) , and alters a number of factors associated with plasticity including gene expression ( Yano et al. 2006 ) and nitric oxide levels ( Itzak and Ali 2006 ) .
While the effects on LTP and LTD demonstrated here may seem advantageous , enhanced plasticity and decreased selectivity could be detrimental and result in inappropriate changes in plasticity .
While these experiments were carried out using neonatal rat brains , it is important to understand that the effects seen are highly unlikely to have resulted from changes in neuronal excitability due to alterations in NMDA and GABA receptors during development .
It has long been accepted that there are developmental changes in these transmitter systems that extend beyond birth ( Mueller et al .
1984 ; Ben Ari et al .
1989 , 1997 ; Fiszman et al.
1990 ; McDonald and Johnston 1990 ) , which result in changes in neuronal excitability .
GABA is known to have depolarizing effects in the neonatal hippocampus due to high intracellular Cl− levels ( Miles 1999 ; Herlenius and Lagercrantz 2004 ) .
However , evidence from a number of different groups has established that by the end of the first postnatal week , GABA has taken up its role as the dominant inhibitory transmitter in the brain , and there are no changes in GABA A receptors or the neuron - specific cotransporter of chloride ions ( Luhmann and Prince 1991 ; Gaiarsa et al .
1995 ; Miles 1999 ; Rivera et al. 1999 ; Herlenius and Lagercrantz 2004 ) during the age range used in the present study .
In addition to this , while the NMDA receptors are yet to function as they do in the adult rat at the age used , between P22 and P35 there are no changes in levels of expression of the receptor ( Herlenius and Lagercrantz 2004 ) .
Finally , we ensured that the age range used in the control condition ( P22 –P34 ) and methylphenidate conditions were comparable ( P22 –P35 ) , such that should any developmental changes occur , this would be true in both conditions , and as such , there is no reason to believe that the effects seen in the current study were due to receptor and , therefore , excitability changes .
In conclusion , we have demonstrated that acute application of methylphenidate enhances hippocampal LTP and LTD , thus providing direct evidence for methylphenidate altering the mechanisms underlying learning and memory .
The fact that improvements in learning and memory are thought to be a result of increased attention makes these findings even more important , as we show they may result from direct action of the drug .
We suggest that these noradrenergic - mediated changes are important in the efficacy of ADHD treatment .
While the current study investigated acute effects , which may differ from those of chronic treatment for ADHD , we suggest that the mechanisms demonstrated here are relevant to chronic treatment , which can result in improved learning and memory .
Previous Section Next Section Acknowledgments
This work was funded as part of the James Martin 21st Century School at Oxford University , with additional funds from the Barclay Foundation .
E.J.D. is a fellow of the James Martin Institute for the Future of the Mind and a Junior Research Fellow at Somerville College .
We thank Martyn Preston and Steven Clifford ( Cambridge Electronic Design ) for technical support and Drs. Edward Mann and Paul Overton for advice on stimulation protocols .
Photo Gallery The Day the Berlin Wall Fell
Nov. 9 1989 began with a meeting of the East German leadership and ended with the fall of the Wall .
Thousands of people streamed across the border , East and West Germans fell into each others arms as the world looked on , astounded .
SPIEGEL ONLINE presents a chronicle of those events in pictures .
A new study by the Wildlife Conservation Society says that western lowland gorillas living in a large swamp in the Republic of Congo -- part of the " mother lode " of more than 125,000 gorillas discovered last year -- are becoming increasingly threatened by growing humans activity in the region .
The study recommends protection of the swamp forests adjacent to the southwest border of Lac Télé Community Reserve after recent surveys confirmed that high densities of the great apes still exist in the remote location .
The findings and recommendations appear in the November issue of the journal Oryx .
The study 's authors include : Hugo Rainey , Emma Stokes , Fiona Maisels , Samantha Strindberg , Fortuné Iyenguet , Guy - Aimé Malanda , and Bola Madzoké from the Wildlife Conservation Society : and Domingos Dos Santos from the Republic of Congo Minstère de l'Economie Forestière .
The swamp also supports large numbers of chimpanzees , red colobus monkeys , elephants , and other rain forest species .
According to the study , imminent threats to the swamp include new logging operations , oil exploration , an influx of refugees from neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo , and , resulting from these developments , an increase in the human population , construction of roads and other infrastructure , and the escalation of the illegal bushmeat trade .
" We implore both the Government of the Republic of Congo and the international community to begin the groundwork for the creation of a new protected area to safeguard these gorillas and their unique environment for the benefit of future generations , " said Dr. James Deutsch , WCS Director for Africa Programs .
" Losing gorillas in this region after all the attention from their discovery would be a sad coda on an otherwise great story . "
" The world was electrified at the discovery of more than 125,000 western lowland gorillas still in existence in the heart of Africa 's rain forests , which include the recently surveyed gorillas just outside of Lac Télé , " said WCS researcher Dr. Hugo Rainey , the paper 's lead author .
" Now that the thrill is gone , we can't forget about the most important part of wildlife surveys : protecting what we find . "
Using methodologies based on counting the nests constructed by gorillas and the decay rates of these temporary structures , the researchers calculated that the study area ( measuring 1,029 square kilometers , or 379 square miles , in size ) contained an estimated population of 5,042 gorillas , more in fact than previous estimates for the site .
The result is one of the highest density estimates ever calculated for gorillas -- more than five gorillas per square kilometer ( more than 13 gorillas per square mile ) .
The study site was the easternmost part of the gorilla census announced last year that produced a jaw - dropping estimate of more than 125,000 western lowland gorillas for the region .
Funders for the surveys and project include the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service and the USAID - Central Africa Regional Program for the Environment ( CARPE ) .
A few years ago , some analysts lectured us about the effect of oil prices on the creation of new oil supply .
Now that this argument has clearly failed , they have decided over night that we do n't need oil anymore .
In this debate , it is important to distinguish between demand ( what you want or need ) and consumption ( what you get based on your ability to buy ) .
Following this logic , consumption is " satisfied demand " .
Conversly , we can define the " unsatisfied demand " or " excess demand " that has been suppressed .
Below the fold , I 'll show that the key driver behind the price increase since 2002 has been excess demand combined with unresponsive supply .
Lately , the concept of " Peak demand " has been suggested in a multitude of recent articles that unfortunately do not qualify their analysis of the status quo .
Some suggest that we are willing to and capable of moving away from oil .
Are we ?
Standard economic principles have demonstrated that price is a function of supply and demand .
The same is true for the recent oil prices fluctuations we have witnessed over the last few years , namely the equilibrium between supply and demand .
However , the following conundrum has not been resolved : are oil prices high due to greater demand or too little supply ?
This ambiguity allows for vastly divergent interpretations of the same data and depending on the agenda you are trying to push , will easily support either .
OECD Demand
In this analysis , I follow an approach similar to the one proposed by Ye et al. ( pdf ) using a model defining a desired inventory level .
The consumption trend observed between 1990 and 2001 , when the market was well supplied , can be easily and accurately modeled by a linear trend taking into account monthly fluctuations :
The fit result is shown as the magenta line illustrated on Figure 1 below .
The above model will define normal demand levels assuming low oil prices .
The OECD consumption has strongly reacted to higher oil prices and is now almost 10 mbpd the level expected by my nominal demand model .
Figure 2 . Observed OECD consumption and nominal demand model ( monthly , total petroleum products ) , volumes in million barrels per day ( mbpd ) .
data from the EIA .
Looking at the residuals C t - D t , the fall in consumption from the desired level is even more telling :
Figure 3 . Difference between the nominal demand models and the observed consumption ( monthly , total petroleum products ) , volumes in million barrels per day ( mbpd ) .
Data from the EIA .
I make the following assumptions :
because oil prices were so low during the 1992-2001 period ( i.e. virtually no excess demand ) , I will call " nominal demand model " the linear model defined above .
The difference between nominal demand and observed consumption is an estimate of the excess demand : ED t =D t - C t
Plotting the excess demand against oil prices clearly shows why prices rose until the financial collapse last year .
Before 2002 , prices and excess demand were contained within a tight cluster around 20 $ / barrel - evidence that the market was well supplied and at equilibrium .
The red line shows that prices increased by $ 20 per 1 million barrels per day of excess demand between 2004 and 2008 .
Figure 4 . OECD Excess demand versus oil prices ( WTI ) .
One could argue that the nominal demand model defined above is not stationary and has been affected by structural changes in demand .
Unfortunately , the only way structural changes in demand could be estimated is if the oil prices of tomorrow would go back to $ 20 a barrel for a few years within a pro-growth and healthy business environment .
Only then could a new nominal demand model be estimated ; those conditions wo n't be satisfied anytime soon .
Peak demand would suggest that the demand model would change over time , but then the level of unsatisfied demand would go down , bringing down prices with it .
Actually , the severe recession we are currently in since the fall of 2008 has destroyed demand as a result of high unemployment rates and reduced credit availability .
Looking at the price model on Figure 3 , a return to the $ 70 - 80 range is equivalent of a demand destruction of around 3 mbpd for all of the OECD .
What about Spare Capacity ?
Spare capacity , mainly provided by OPEC , is the amount of oil that can be made available within 30 days and sustained for at least 90 days ( EIA definition ) .
Looking at the available spare capacity and the excess demand estimate , it is obvious that OPEC spare capacity has become deficient since 2002 , and that the surge in excess demand coincides with the increase in oil prices as shown on Figure 5 .
Figure 5 . Oil prices ( right axis ) and estimated excess demand along with EIA estimate for OPEC spare capacity ( left axis ) .
So What is Causing High Oil Prices ?
As an interesting exercise , I looked at the causation between oil prices and demand / supply indicators .
Causal search algorithms systematically investigate patterns of conditional dependence and apply the Causal Markov Condition to reconstruct the graph of the data generating process ( A good overview is available here ) .
I define the following quantities :
P : Monthly oil prices
: Monthly oil prices S : Monthly oil supply
: Monthly oil supply C : OPEC spare capacity ( EIA )
: OPEC spare capacity ( EIA ) D : Excess demand
I used the remarkable TETRAD IV software ( family of software for causal modeling originating with Peter Spirtes , Clark Glymour , and Richard Scheines at CarnegieMellon University ) available online .
I split the dataset in two periods : 1998 - 2002 period when prices where relatively low and 2003 - 2008 .
1998 -2002 period :
Figure 6 . Graphical causal model for the period 1998 - 2002
2003 -2008 period :
Figure 7 . Graphical causal model for the period 2003 - 2008
Conclusions
Recession induced demand destruction ( e.g. business going bankrupt , rising unemployment , etc. ) , or Long - term structural changes in demand ( e.g. increase in the average car mileage , increase efficiency , etc . )
If we do not proactively implement demand side policies and instead wait for high prices to take their toll , social unrest and higher government deficits are likely to make things more challenging , or even completely unmanageable .
Sluggish supply growth is the main driver behind the 2002 - 2008 oil price increase .
OPEC spare capacity has become irrelevant or at least unresponsive .
Nominal demand is between 3 and 5 million barrels per day above production capacity .
Prices are increasing by $ 20 for every million barrels per day of excess demand .
OECD consumption is very elastic to oil prices .
Non recession induced peak demand is not supported by the data .
The financial collapse and the current economic recession has at least reduced demand by 3 million barrels per day for the OECD .
Spare capacity is dependent on prices and excess demand .
Prices and excess demand are independent unconditionally ; but are dependent conditional on spare capacity .
In short , OPEC spare capacity was playing a buffer role in order to absorb excess demand .
Prices is dependent on supply and excess demand .
Supply and excess demand are independent unconditionally ; but are dependent conditional on prices .
Spare capacity is independent of all the other variables at 5 % significance .
Lower consumption does not mean lower demand , nor does it mean the increase in alternate sources of energy .
If it did , it would be akin to saying that an alcoholic is sober implies he has effectively dealt with his addiction .
It may be that he is sober because he has simply exhausted all of his options for obtaining additional alcohol .
Also , I think it is important to differentiate between the following two causes of demand destruction :
In my opinion , the latter cause of demand destruction is the approach to take and can be implemented through adequate government policies ( e.g. higher CAFE standards ) .
When people are unemployed , energy efficiency is the last of their concerns .
Anemic supply growth , only a preamble to peak supply , was enough to create our present troubles .
Wait until supply growth is negative !
We have enough data from the OECD to draw the following conclusions :
In my next post , I will look at the non OECD demand .
A new advertising campaign is unlikely to convert the non-believer , writes Dr Paul Harrison , a senior lecturer in consumer behaviour and advertising at the Deakin Business School .
News that Christian churches in Australia are about to start an advertising blitz to persuade people to bring Jesus into their lives , once again shows how naive and uninformed businesses , government , and people are generally when they believe that advertising has some magical power to persuade people to behave the way they want them to .
It seems that thousands of churches across 15 Christian denominations in NSW are behind a project that aims to promote the message that the teachings of Jesus are still relevant .
The campaign , based around the slogan , " Jesus .
All About Life " begins in three weeks .
Unfortunately , those with faith have probably placed too much of it in the ability of an advertising campaign to convert non-believers , and even lapsed Christians .
Yes , advertising does have some influence over attitudes and behaviour , but the reality is that it can only really work as a " nudging " tool .
In other words , an advertisement will incrementally move you toward a decision , but there are a whole bunch of other variables that will determine your final behaviour or decision .
In reality , one - way advertising is a relatively weak motivator when it comes to consumer behaviour ( although the ad agencies would n't tell you that when you are about to give them $ 1 million ) .
It 's quite a romantic notion to think that advertising is powerful .
It is a myth partly propagated by the advertising industry , and partly supported by our experience as consumers .
We see a lot of ads , we know that businesses spend millions on it , so it must work ... must n't it ?
We see hundreds , even thousands of advertisements every day , but when you think about it , what do we do ?
Mostly nothing in response .
Advertising works best amongst people who are predisposed to notice your ads .
In other words , it is your loyal customers and current users who are most likely to notice your advertising , followed by people who have been primed to notice them .
For example , when are you most likely to notice advertisements for companies that sell car tyres ?
When you have a flat tyre or need to replace your tyres , of course .
You are primed to notice these advertisements , because you are cognitively predisposed to seek out information about that particular attitude object .
Who is most likely to notice , and be persuaded by a Christian advertisement , then ?
The people who commissioned the advertising campaign ; current , faithful , committed Christians , and maybe people who were already willing to be persuaded .
It 's a simple proposition , but one that is often not stated - advertising works best amongst current users .
It makes current users ( who are satisfied with the product ) feel good about themselves , and it has the potential to increase loyalty toward the product , but only amongst current users .
So an expensive ad campaign is not going to do the trick .
Advertising is most affective when combined with a complete and thorough marketing mix , i.e. , a product people " want " , a product that is easy to access , and something that requires little cost ( including factors such as effort , and social and psychological risk ) .
If you ask me , I think the thousands of churches spending so much money on an advertising campaign like this are not really getting good value .
They would be better off spending the money understanding why people are turning away from them , and then examining whether the church is able to respond to this .
But maybe I do n't have enough faith .
Dr Paul Harrison is senior lecturer in consumer behaviour and advertising at the Deakin Business School .
Twilight fans - Officially the dumbest people on the planetEnjoy as one of the guys girlfriends gets a laugh out of it after being dragged to see it .
GAZA ( Reuters ) - Gaza schools damaged by Israeli bombing will be exposed to the cold and rain this winter unless Israel relaxes its blockade to permit the import of windows , doors and building materials , officials said .
Palestinian students attend class at al - Taea school during the first day of the new school year in Khan Younis , in the southern Gaza Strip August 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Ibraheem Abu Mustafa
Officials of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) and Gaza ’s Education Ministry say thousands of pupils face “ darkness and cold ” this winter in poorly lit and sparsely furnished schoolrooms .
Ministry spokesman Khaled Radi said more than 170 schools that suffered some damaged in the three - week Israeli offensive from December 27 to January 18 had not yet been repaired .
“ The extent of the damage makes these schools unfit to face winter .
Thousands of our children will have to study in rooms without electricity or heating , ” Radi told Reuters .
“ Many will sit at broken desks next to windows without glass . ”
Israel restricts the import of cement , steel and other materials that could be used for military purposes by Gaza ’s Islamist rulers , Hamas , who refuse to recognize the Jewish state and remain committed to armed struggle against it .
RECONSTRUCTION STILL WAITING
UNRWA runs nearly 200 schools in the Gaza Strip , educating about half of the enclave ’s 450,000 students .
The agency said it had managed to obtain materials locally to repair most of the 50 schools damaged by bombs and artillery but some still need glass , cement and steel .
UNRWA Gaza adviser Adnan Abu Hasna said plans to build 100 new schools in Gaza to alleviate overcrowding in classes had been put on hold due to the Israeli blockade .
In one U.N. - run school in Jabalya refugee camp , home to more than 100,000 people , 14 - year - old Ola Atteya said cracked walls and a roof of metal sheeting would make her classroom uncomfortable when the rains arrive .
Abu Hasna said efforts to convince Israel to allow essential building materials had so far been “ useless . ”
“ We are in need of everything : cement , steel , glass , windows , wood , all sorts of building materials .
They are promising us , but nothing is coming into Gaza , ” he said .
Israel launched its offensive with the stated aim of stopping Hamas rocket and mortar fire at its southern towns .
Thousands of houses , factories and government buildings were destroyed , including Gaza ’s main cement plant .
Donor countries in February pledged more than $ 4 billion for the reconstruction of Gaza .
But organized reconstruction remains on hold because of the Israeli blockade .
Israel wants Hamas to release captured soldier Gilad Shalit before it makes any concessions .
He has been held for three years .
Sporadic rocket fire has continued since the offensive ended and Israeli air strikes have pounded smuggling tunnels in southern Gaza which bring in all sorts of goods .
The U.N. earlier this summer predicted it would take a year to clear some 420,000 metric tons of rubble left over from the three - week blitz , but Gazans deprived of concrete are recycling it as building material .
We have a severe mental health crisis in New Orleans .
We have a growing number of people with mental health needs while our mental health services are significantly lower since Katrina .
The closure of the New Orleans Adolescent Hospital ( NOAH ) , the only state run mental health facility in the New Orleans area , only exacerbates that problem .
Governor Jindal " line - item " vetoed that appropriation .
his plan is to send all mental health patients 60 miles away
Closing NOAH and having no mental health hospital services in New Orleans flies in the face of the entire reason NOAH was established in the first place
The non-sensical nature of NOAH 's closing is even more disheartening because it was n't about the money .
Louisiana , just like many other parts of the country , is facing economic issues and we had to cut spending in places .
In the legislature , we were able to allocate funding to keep NOAH open by still operating within our existing budget .
As public spending was cut across the board 15 % or so , we reduced NOAH by the same amount as other facilities .
Yet , we kept it open to provide the vital resources it does .
What is sometimes lost in the discussion is that NOAH services low - income , medicaid patients , and it was established to treat adolescents , although adults were treated or evaluated there after Katrina because of lack of other facilities .
These kids need to be close to their families , and the entire families need to be part of the counseling in order for the treatment to be productive .
Most of these kids and families do not have the ability or the means to travel to 60 miles , across a long bridge .
They can easily get to NOAH using public city transportation .
Therefore , moving the services to the Northshore is like throwing all of the money away because the services need to be in New Orleans to be worthwhile . [...]
It is already being reported that our Parish Jail is now becoming the new mental health hospital .
[ By this , Rep . Abramson means that " those who should be in NOAH are doing things they should n't , and end up in jail instead . " ]
In the legislature , we funded NOAH to keep it open .
Instead , , across a 24 mile bridge over Lake Ponchartrain , to receive critical mental health hospital services . [... ] .
And , there is more of a mental health need now than ever before .
Quite simply , it makes absolutely no sense .
This extremely confident letter from one half of the Wright Brothers – Wilbur – was their first contact with renowned engineer Octave Chanute , an aviation pioneer and author of Progress in Flying Machines who went on to offer the brothers much invaluable advice over the coming years .
It was written three years prior to their first controlled flight and presents their plans to Chanute with a view to obtaining some guidance in return .
In the letter , Wilbur also mentions the failures of Otto Lilienthal , a fellow aviator who was among the first to fly successfully using a glider .
He passed away in 1896 after falling and breaking his spine .
All 5 pages of the letter , in large format , can be seen here : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5
Transcript follows .
Transcript
Wright Cycle Company
1127 West Third Street
DAYTON , OHIO , May 13 , 1900
Mr. Octave Chanute , Esq .
Chicago , Ill .
Dear Sir ;
For some years I have been afflicted with the belief that flight is possible to man .
My disease has increased in severity and I feel that it will soon cost me an increased amount of money if not my life .
I have been trying to arrange my affairs in such a way that I can devote my entire time for a few months to experiment in this field .
My general ideas of the subject are similar to those held by most practical experimenters , to wit : that what is chiefly needed is skill rather than machinery .
The flight of the buzzard and similar sailors is a convincing demonstration of the value of skill , and the partial needlessness of motors .
It is possible to fly without motors , but not without knowledge & skill .
This I conceive to be fortunate , for man , by reason of his greater intellect , can more reasonably hope to equal birds in knowledge , than to equal nature in the perfection of her machinery .
Assuming then that Lilienthal was correct in his ideas of the principles on which man should proceed , I conceive that his failure was due chiefly to the inadequacy of his method , and of his apparatus .
As to his method , the fact that in five years ’ time he spent only about five hours , altogether , in actual flight is sufficient to show that his method was inadequate .
Even the simplest intellectual or acrobatic feats could never be learned with so short practice , and even Methuselah could never have become an expert stenographer with one hour per year for practice .
I also conceive Lilienthal ’s apparatus to be inadequate not only from the fact that he failed , but my observations of the flight of birds convince me that birds use more positive and energetic methods of regaining equilibrium than that of shifting the center of gravity .
With this general statement of my principles and belief I will proceed to describe the plan and apparatus it is my intention to test .
In explaining these , my object is to learn to what extent similar plans have been tested and found to be failures , and also to obtain such suggestions as your great knowledge and experience might enable you to give me .
I make no secret of my plans for the reason that I believe no financial profit will accrue to the inventor of the first flying machine , and that only those who are willing to give as well as to receive suggestions can hope to link their names with the honor of its discovery .
The problem is too great for one man alone and unaided to solve in secret .
My plan then is this .
I shall in a suitable locality erect a light tower about one hundred and fifty feet high .
A rope passing over a pulley at the top will serve as a sort of kite string .
It will be so counterbalanced that when the rope is drawn out one hundred & fifty feet it will sustain a pull equal to the weight of the operator and apparatus or nearly so .
The wind will blow the machine out from the base of the tower and the weight will be sustained partly by the upward pull of the rope and partly by the lift of the wind .
The counterbalance will be so arranged that the pull decreases as the line becomes shorter and ceases entirely when its length has been decreased to one hundred feet .
The aim will be to eventually practice in a wind capable of sustaining the operator at a height equal to the top of the tower .
The pull of the rope will take the place of a motor in counteracting drift .
I see , of course , that the pull of the rope will introduce complications which are not met in free flight , but if the plan will only enable me to remain in the air for practice by the hour instead of by the second , I hope to acquire skill sufficient to overcome both these difficulties and those inherent to flight .
Knowledge and skill in handling the machine are absolute essentials to flight and it is impossible to obtain them without extensive practice .
The method employed by Mr. Pilcher of towing with horses in many respects is better than that I propose to employ , but offers no guarantee that the experimenter will escape accident long enough to acquire skill sufficient to prevent accident .
In my plan I rely on the rope and counterbalance to at least break the force of a fall .
My observation of the flight of buzzards leads me to believe that they regain their lateral balance , when partly overturned by a gust of wind , by a torsion of the tips of the wings .
If the rear edge of the right wing tip is twisted upward and the left downward the bird becomes an animated windmill and instantly begins to turn , a line from its head to its tail being the axis .
It thus regains its level even if thrown on its beam ends , so to speak , as I have frequently seen them .
I think the bird also in general retains its lateral equilibrium , partly by presenting its two wings at different angles to the wind , and partly by drawing in one wing , thus reducing its area .
I incline to the belief that the first is the more important and usual method .
In the apparatus I intend to employ I make use of the torsion principle .
In appearance it is very similar to the “ double - deck ” machine with which the experiments of yourself and Mr. Herring were conducted in 1896 - 7 .
The point on which it differs in principle is that the cross-stays which prevent the upper plane from moving forward and backward are removed , and each end of the upper plane is independently moved forward or backward with respect to the lower plane by a suitable lever or other arrangement .
By this plan the whole upper plane may be moved forward or backward , to attain longitudinal equilibrium , by moving both hands forward or backward together .
Lateral equilibrium is gained by moving one end more than the other or by moving them in opposite directions .
If you will make a square cardboard tube two inches in diameter and eight or ten long and choose two sides for your planes you will at once see the torsional effect of moving one end of the upper plane forward and the other backward , and how this effect is attained without sacrificing lateral stiffness .
My plan is to attach the tail rigidly to the rear upright stays which connect the planes , the effect of which will be that when the upper plane is thrown forward the end of the tail is elevated , so that the tail assists gravity in restoring longitudinal balance .
My experiments hitherto with this apparatus have been confined to machines spreading about fifteen square feet of surface , and have been sufficiently encouraging to induce me to lay plans for a trial with a full - sized machine .
My business requires that my experimental work be confined to the months between September and January and I would be particularly thankful for advice as to a suitable locality where I could depend on winds of about fifteen miles per hour without rain or too inclement weather .
I am certain that such localities are rare .
I have your Progress in Flying Machines and your articles in the Annuals of ’95 , ’96 , & ’ 97 , as also your recent articles in the Independent .
If you can give me information as to where an account of Pilcher ’s experiments can be obtained I would greatly appreciate your kindness .
Yours truly ,
Wilbur Wright
It 's already been a banner year for white - collar crime , and it 's only going to get worse .
U.S. Attorney for New York 's Southern District , Preet Bharara , outlined the amazing opportunities crooks have today in a speech at NYU Law last week , but said his office is prepared with aggressive tactics more commonly associated with mafia investigations and HBO's The Wire .
Bharara has had a busy first three months on the job , including the $ 40 - plus million Galleon Group insider trading case ; the arrest and indictment of a high - level political booster Hassan Nemazee for a $ 292 million bank fraud ; and a real estate fraud case involving 41 defendants and $ 64 million in residential mortgages .
But there 's plenty more to come .
Bharara said three factors that – in combination – " suggest a crisis greater in potential and magnitude than anything we have seen so far . "
First , the " sheer scale of the frauds exposed in recent weeks and months has dwarfed anything we have ever seen . "
Second , the " current environment provides rich and historic opportunities for continuing fraud , " incuding $ 700 billion in TARP loans and ; the President ’s $ 787 billion stimulus ; and looming scams from health care reform .
Finally , Bharara says fraud is increasing difficulty to detect .
" Part of that is due to the growing complexity of financial systems and instruments ; part of it is due to the march of technology ; and part of it is due to the increasingly devious and clever methods that fraudsters are using to conceal their crimes . "
But , as the Galleon Group investigation illustrated , the Southern District is using increasingly aggressive tactics to catch white - collar criminals , especially wiretaps .
Bharara lists five in particular :
Wiretaps Good Old Fashioned Surveillance Cooperating Witnesses and Informants International Cooperation Aggressive Computer Surveillance
As we noted today , Raj Rajaratnam is challenging the legality of the wiretaps used against him ; his could could a test case for the effectiveness of their use in investigations .
Here 's the full speech :
Preet Bharara Address to NYU on White Collar Crime 11-19-09
BOISE , Idaho -
An Idaho junior hockey team was banished from a city ice rink after players engaged in " strip hockey " - shedding a piece of uniform every time a practice shot missed its mark .
Boise forbid the Idaho Junior Steelheads team from using the Idaho Ice World rink for four days ; one player who shed his underwear briefly was suspended until next week .
Doug Holloway , Boise 's recreation superintendent , says rink employees told him players would take something off every time they missed a shot .
An adult whose daughter was on another rink saw the 17 - to 20 - year - old Steelheads skating in their skivvies and complained to a city hotline .
Rink employees who noticed the scantily clad skaters urged them to cover up .
Police are investigating .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics ’s more inclusive U - 6 unemployment rate is at about 17.5 percent ( source ) .
This does not include “ discouraged ” workers , so the real proportion of the expected - to - be - working population that is unemployed is probably 20 percent or more .
More relevant is the number of Americans with jobs : 138 million in October 2009 , down from approximately 146 million in 2007 .
The U.S. population , meanwhile , has grown from to 301 million to 308 million .
In other words , an ever - smaller percentage of Americans are working , despite substantial growth in the number of government jobs .
Let ’s assume that businesses ignore Barack Obama ’s directives for them to hire more U.S. workers ( see “ Obama to push private sector to hire at forum ” ) .
Can the U.S. economy grow ?
Can U.S. businesses prosper ?
Current stock market investors seem to think so and have bid up the S&P 500 accordingly .
Are these investors irrational ?
Let ’s try to find some historical examples of economic growth despite limited labor market participation .
In the 1950s , our culture arbitrarily excluded a lot of people from the U.S. labor market because of sex .
Many employers did not want to hire women .
Many women did not want to work , especially after marriage .
Pressures to exclude women from the labor market were stronger in countries such as Japan .
Yet despite having a large fraction of the working - age population excluded from the labor market , both the U.S. and Japan achieved strong economic growth and investors received a healthy return ( almost 17 percent real return during the 1950s in the S&P 500 ; source ) .
If these economies could grow just fine with 50 percent of the population discouraged from working , why should n’t the U.S. economy circa 2010 be able to grow even if the unemployment rate were to grow substantially ?
In fact , because our labor force now benefits from the contributions of the best educated and most skilled women , in some ways the economy should be better - poised for growth than it was in the 1950s .
How can an investor prepare for a U.S. economy in which an ever - increasing number of working - age citizens are staying home and living off parents or spouses ?
Perhaps it is time to buy Nintendo , cable television , Sony , broadband Internet , and Dell .
After a dozen years with a small law firm and a brief period with the Maryland Attorney General 's office , I spent the last 15 years of my career before my retirement at the U.S. Department of Justice .
While there , I interviewed many young lawyers who very much wanted to work in the public sector , but who were struggling with the combination of the high cost of living in the D.C. area , the relatively low ( compared to private firms ) rate of pay for government lawyers , and the ruinous payments on their student loans .
Some of these people decide they simply can't afford public service , and others decide they CAN afford it at least for a while , but then , after they get married and have the first child on the way , decide that they 've got to pursue the vastly bigger bucks in private firms , because they can't simultanously make their mortgage payments , the auto loan payments , their student loan payments , and afford to feed a family in the D.C. area .
I KNOW , from personal experience , that the federal government ( and state and local governments and non-profits ) have lost some of their best potential advocates because those people simply can't afford to make their student loan payments and other expenses on the salaries those organizations offer .
This move by Georgetown was made possible , in signficant part , by the College Cost Reduction and Access Act , the principal sponsor of which was George Miller ( D , CA - 7 ) , which limited payments on student loans to 10 % of a student 's income .
After 10 years , Georgetown is forgiving whatever is left .
For those who favor boycotts of Democratic campaign organizations , I would point out that in the House , ALL Democrats who voted were in favor of the legislation , and more than 75 % of Republicans opposed it .
In the Senate , ALL Democrats again supported the legislation , and 18 Republicans still opposed it .
It was signed into law by President Bush , but at that point , it had become fairly clear that a veto would be overridden .
I hope this move is imitated not only by other major law schools , but by the major undergraduate institutions , and especially by medical schools .
It should be a major source of national shame that college students can't afford to become teachers because their student loan payments wo n't permit it , or that medical students can't become primary care docs in underserved areas because they can't make enough to repay their student loans by doing so .
I am convinced , having spent my career divided more or less equally between the private and public sectors , that the least expensive means of improving our national well - being would be to make it possible for more of our " best and brightest " young people to enter the public and non-profit sectors .
Here is a link to Georgetown 's thoroughly commendable announcement :
http://explore.georgetown.edu/...
Another Inconvenient Truth : The World 's Growing Population Poses a Malthusian Dilemma
Solving climate change , the Sixth Great Extinction and population growth ... at the same time
The debate about abortion , particularly as connected to health care reform , has been characterized as a “ conservative ” versus “ liberal ” debate .
What is missed in that approach is the fact that the foundational theologies among Jews , Muslims , and even many otherwise “ conservative ” Christians are more nuanced and complicated than the simplistic and absolutist stands taken by the “ C Street ” Democrats and their supporters .
The recently passed House health care bill might be paving the way to enact religious discrimination into law ; on the important and fundamental issues of life and health , many religious Americans will be unable to live and act according to their own religious consciences and beliefs .
Representative Bart Stupak ’s last - minute abortion amendment , supported by the direct lobbying of some Roman Catholic bishops , will have the effect of removing the possibility of abortion from the American health care system , even in cases where the health and life of the mother is at risk .
It goes beyond current law and practice , and inserts the theological views of a vocal religious minority as a roadblock to the religious beliefs and practices of many Americans .
Ensoulment , the Moment the Soul and Body are Joined
The Jewish tradition values life .
The biblical commandment to “ be fruitful and multiply , ” repeated over ten times , is taken as one of the most important commandments among all varieties of Jews , and the ritual importance of parenting is central to a Jewish life .
Nevertheless , abortion is neither forbidden nor regarded as murder in the Rabbinic Jewish system .
In Judaism , the fetus does not have the status of “ person ” with a separate juridical “ personhood ” until its head emerges from the womb .
In the Mishnah , the foundational work of Rabbinic law , we are told : “ If a woman suffers difficult labor in childbirth , the fetus must be cut up in her womb and brought out piece by piece , for her life takes precedence over its life .
If [ however ] its greater part has [ already ] come out , it must not be touched , for the [ claims of one ] life can not supersede [ that of another ] life . ” ( Oholoth 7:6 ) On the basis of this , rabbis have consistently argued that the health of the mother must take precedence over the fetus .
This position was clearly expounded by one of the most famous rabbis , Moses Maimonides .
As additional evidence that the fetus is not a person , it cannot receive gifts , and if aborted or lost by miscarriage , it cannot receive a Jewish name or a Jewish funeral .
Rabbinic discussions of when the soul enters the fetus are not part of the conversations about abortion in Judaism .
The rabbis were interested in ensoulment , the moment that the soul and the body were joined , but there was no agreement about the issue .
And , the soul in Judaism is pure soul and immortal whether joined to the body or not and is not entangled in anything like the Christian notion of “ Original Sin . ”
Most rabbis agree that trivial or material reasons for abortion are to be condemned , but that abortion for the life and health of the mother is both permissible and mandated .
Anything that limits this mandate restricts the Jewish mother from acting in a fully Jewish way .
Looking at Muslim beliefs about abortion , we see that there are many different views , just as there are among Jews and Christians .
The Qur’an condemns murder , as “ Do not kill a life that Allah has made sacred , except for just reasons , ” ( 6:151 or 4:29 ) but does not mention abortion .
It does prohibit killing children when there is not enough food to provide for them ( 17:31 ) , but Muslim theologians and jurists have interpreted that to mean that it is not permissible to kill a fetus once it has become a “ child , ” that is , a person .
In Sunni Islam , with its four different legal “ denominations , ” there is no agreement about when that is .
Among Hanafi Muslims , the legal practice common in the Middle East and Central Asia , ensoulment takes place 120 days after conception .
Up to that point , abortion is allowed for good cause .
This is true of the Shafi’i Muslims of Southeast Asia and East Africa .
For the Malikis in North Africa and the Hanbalis of Saudi Arabia and the Emirates , ensoulment occurs at day 40 , with abortions allowed up to that time .
On the basis of Qur’an 2:233 , which states that the mother should not be made to suffer on account of the child , many Muslim jurists allow abortion even after the period of ensoulment , particularly if the life of the mother is threatened , since the life of the already living mother is viewed to have precedence in the decision about the lesser of two evils .
As with Judaism , abortion for Muslims is not meant to be used for birth control or venal reasons , and like Judaism , Muslim thinkers recognize a nuanced and progressive development of the fetus into personhood .
This nuance , as well as the vicissitudes of human life , is taken into account by Islamic religious law and practice .
As with Judaism , the absolutist positions reflected in the House bill would discriminate against Muslims in America living a full religious life .
Views on abortion vary among the world ’s Buddhists .
Japanese Buddhists generally hold a more open view of abortion , and women will often participate in memorial ceremonies for the fetus lost by abortion or miscarriage .
Tibetan Buddhists , both in Tibet and in exile , on the other hand , regard abortion as destructive of innocent life and contrary to Buddhist principles .
The Dalai Lama has said that abortion is “ negative , ” but he also said in a 1993 interview that “ abortion should be approved or disapproved according to each circumstance . ”
Similarly , Hindus hold that the destruction of a fetus prevents a soul from participating in its karmic journey , but , following the principle of doing the least harm , abortion when it involves saving the life of the mother is held by many Hindus as permissible .
Also , some Hindus hold that personhood only begins at the age of three months , a doctrine similar to the Muslim and Jewish notions of ensoulment .
The Primacy of Individual Conscience
Finally , it should be remembered that on this issue there is no unanimity among Christians either now or in the historical past .
St. Augustine held that ensoulment occurred sometime after the beginning of the growth of the fetus and that abortion was not homicide .
He , like other theologians of his time , was more concerned with whether abortion was being used to cover up the greater sin of fornication or adultery .
In the late sixteenth century , Pope Sixtus V held that both contraception and abortion were homicide and punishable by excommunication , but his immediate successor , Pope Gregory XIV , held that this view was in conflict with Church practice and the theological views of ensoulment .
Only in modern times has the Roman Catholic Church generally condemned all forms of abortion , even therapeutic abortions meant to save the life of the mother .
Protestant Christians vary widely in their views on abortion , and often hold views that are not reflected in the pronouncements of their church ’s hierarchy , thus following the principle of the primacy of individual conscience .
As an example , Episcopalians reflect a wide range , with some holding a position like that of the Church of England that abortion is morally wrong but permissible in the case of saving the life of the mother .
Others stand in opposition to any state or federal law that would interfere with the woman ’s right to decide about the termination of the pregnancy .
If the House health care bill is allowed to stand and becomes the basis for new legislation , religious Americans across the spectrum of faiths will be subjected to limitations that will contravene their faith ’s most well - considered and cherished views about the major questions of life , reproduction , and freedom of religious conscience ; freedoms imagined by our nation ’s founders as central to the nature of our country .
There comes a stage in every budding romance when a God- fearing Englishman must stiffen the sinews , summon up deep reserves of courage , and introduce his new girlfriend to that precious group of people who monopolise the lion 's share of his waking hours : his workmates .
For Alex Reid , the muscular former Hollyoaks star who has become embroiled in the real - life soap - opera of a relationship with recently - divorced headline magnet that is Katie Price , this always - tricky process will have represented a particularly daunting prospect .
Why so ?
Well , to earn a crust , Mr Reid has lately pursued two distinct career paths .
One as a leading light of the adult entertainment industry , headlining low - budget British porn flicks like Killer Bitch ; the other as a fearsome professional in the fast - growing combat sport of Mixed Martial Arts [ MMA ] .
Cannily , he chose the latter arena for Price 's first outing before professional colleagues , taking the former glamour model and reality TV star – who has " rebranded " herself after for years being known as Jordan – to an event called the Extreme Brawl Fighting Championship .
As romantic venues go , their ringside seats floodlit at Heathrow 's Raddison hotel may seem slightly wanting .
But anyone familiar with sporting phenomenon that is MMA will tell you that Mr Reid has in fact now elevated his new squeeze to the very trendiest of sporting circles .
Football WAGs , who burst into the public consciousness during the 2006 World Cup , are now so sullied in the public imagination that any sprightly female with so much as an ounce of commonsense must surely now aspire to the more fashionable milieu of the cage - fighter 's octagon .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The upstart sport may not offer the financial rewards of its mainstream rival ( though it has certainly made millionaires of British stars like Michael Bisping ) but for straightforward street - credibility , it leaves the pie-and - chips world of the football terraces trailing in its wake .
In America , MMA has morphed into a billion - dollar industry , with the UFC , the Premier League of the sport , turning a profit of more than $ 200 m [ £ 130 m ] last year .
Ringside seats at top events change hands for up to $ 50,000 a pair .
More than a million pay - per - view punters pay $ 45 to watch each event .
The appeal is part aesthetic ( fans count MMA as the most thrilling and varied of all combat sports ) and part show business : the front rows at UFC events in Vegas , the sport 's spiritual home , contain a bejewelled mixture of Hollywood stars , and " legitimate " businessmen of the sort that , in a previous era , glamorised professional boxing .
The atmosphere , meanwhile , can veer between enthralling and bloodthirsty .
Educated fans , who despite their beefy appearance tend to be from solidly white - collar stock , appreciate the subtleties of a sport that can marry the best of ju-jitsu , boxing , Greco - Roman wrestling and kickboxing .
Fights can be won and lost in myriad fashions , which adds to the complex allure – even if a fair proportion of punters , particularly in the cheaper seats , turn up to witness the ground - and - pound and big knockouts that in MMA 's early days a decade back saw it dismissed as a human version of cockfighting .
On Monday , Price was perhaps brought face - to - face with the ugly side of the sport when " The Reidenator , " as her new boyfriend is known , became involved in an ugly ringside brawl .
Witnesses claim he was punched in the face by associates of the gypsy fighter Tony Giles .
" One of them fancied his chances and wanted to prove himself by asking Alex to step outside , " the event 's promoter Andy Jardine told reporters .
" Alex said , ' I 'm not being funny but ... I 've fought some of the best in the world . '
He did n't like that answer and the fight started there . "
The kerfuffle was eventually calmed by security .
Despite the setback , Reid and Price are surely now the Posh and Becks of their sport , slotting neatly on to the top table of British cage - fighting 's foremost celebrity couples .
Their peers include star welterweight Dan " the Outlaw " Hardy and his partner Elizabeth Holloway , and Liverpudlian lightweight Terry Etim , whose girlfriend Jodi Tennant turns out to be first cousin of the notorious football WAG Danielle Lloyd .
Both girls recently offered The Independent useful advice to advice to the new WAG on the block – including the thorny matter of watching the man you love being beaten to a bloody pulp before a paying audience .
" People often ask what it 's like being a fighter 's girlfriend , if you get stressed out , or concerned , or lose sleep , " admitted Ms Holloway .
" Well of course you do .
But you just have to accept that they are doing something they love .
When Dan has to take time off , and does n't get to the gym and spar , he 's a lot harder to deal with . "
Ms Tennant , for her part , suggested that Ms Price 's greatest struggle may in future involve tempering her famously extravagant libido , noting that bedroom recreation is strictly forbidden in the week that precedes a fight .
" That 's an absolute rule , " she said .
Looking for the best progesterone cream to treat infertility ?
If you are considering hormone therapy for any reason , you have to educate yourself on the differences between natural progesterone and synthetic progesterone .
If you need to supplement your body with estrogen , you will likely have to take progesterone as well , since taking estrogen alone can [... ]
The legend that is Sir Arthur C. Clarke is formidable .
As a science fiction author who knew how to mix imagination with scientific reality , Clarke left the world a legacy of wonderful stories as well as a firm contribution to science .
In 1945 , Clarke suggested the concept of utilizing geostationary satellites for communications , now a mainstay of our modern world .
Another technology , described in his novel " The Fountains of Paradise " , is the Space Elevator .
The concept was not new when Clarke used the construction of a Space Elevator as central element of his novel , but Clarke 's novel brought the concept to a larger audience .
The basic concept of a Space Elevator is rather simple .
A satellite at geostationary orbit is anchored to the Earth at the equator by a long tether .
This tether is then used to move payloads up and down the Elevator without the use of expensive chemical propellants or single - use launch vehicles .
Simple in concept , difficult in execution .
Between the need for extraordinarily high strength tethers , the construction of the climber with a way to power the climber over the 22,000 miles to geostationary orbit from the equator , and the construction of the anchor point itself , the Space Elevator has often seemed far off on the horizon .
Now , this week , a competition at NASA Dryden Flight Research Center in the desert in California is bringing the concept a Space Elevator closer to reality .
The competition , part of The Space Elevator Games seeks to award prizes that are funded by NASA , as part of the Centennial Challenges , and The Spaceward Foundation , for the development of technologies needed to build a Space Elevator .
The competition taking place this week is pitting prototype climber elements .
Yesterday , the group LaserMotive , successfully ran a climber up 1 kilometer of test cable at an average rate of just over 2 meters per second , qualifying for the 2nd place prize of $ 900,000 .
The craft is powered by a stationary laser beaming the power to operate to the climber .
There are two other teams competing , The Kansas City Space Pirates and The University of Saskatchewan Space Design Team , and there is still a first prize of $ 1.1 million out there for climbing the kilometer at an average rate of 5 meters per second .
These are the kind of early developments that could lead to a revolution in space travel as well as spark the imagination of the next generation .
A kilometer climb up a tether at a good clip with a remote power source beaming power to the climber is an important step forward .
This is exactly the kind of jump needed to bring Space Elevators from the world of scientific and engineering papers , as well as science fiction , to the reality of our space fairing world .
I hope somewhere , out there , Sir Arthur C. Clarke is smiling .
We believe # EveryChildMatters .
We ’re taking the time to learn about the realities & impacts of the residential school system .
We wear 🧡 to honour the experiences of thousands of Indigenous residential school survivors & acknowledge the loss of those who did not make it home .
DIALYSIS is not as bad as dying , but it is pretty unpleasant , nonetheless .
It involves being hooked up to a huge machine , three times a week , in order to have your blood cleansed of waste that would normally be voided , via the kidneys , as urine .
To make matters worse , three times a week does not appear to be enough .
Research now suggests that daily dialysis is better .
But who wants to tied to a machine — often in a hospital or a clinic — for hours every day for the rest of his life ?
Victor Gura , of the University of California , Los Angeles , hopes to solve this problem with an invention that is now undergoing clinical trials .
By going back to basics , he has come up with a completely new sort of dialyser — one you can wear .
A traditional dialyser uses around 120 litres of water to clean an individual 's blood .
This water flows past one side of a membrane while blood is pumped past the other side .
The membrane is impermeable to blood cells and large molecules such as proteins , but small ones can get through it .
Substances such as urea ( a leftover from protein metabolism ) and excess phosphate ions therefore flow from the blood to the water .
The good stuff , such as sodium and chloride ions , stays in the blood because the cleansing water has these substances dissolved in it as well , and so does not absorb more of them .
Both water and blood require a lot of pumping .
Those pumps are heavy and need electrical power .
The first thing Dr Gura did , therefore , was dispose of them .
The reason for using big pumps is to keep dialysis sessions short .
If machines are portable that matters less .
So Dr Gura replaced the 10kg pumps of a traditional machine with small ones weighing only 380 grams .
Besides being light , these smaller pumps use less power .
That means batteries can be employed instead of mains electricity — and modern lithium - ion batteries , the ones Dr Gura chose , are also light , and thus portable .
To reduce the other source of weight , the water , Dr Gura and his team designed disposable cartridges containing materials that capture toxins from the cleansing water , so that it can be recycled .
The upshot is a device that weighs around 5kg and can be strapped to a user 's waist .
Indeed , at a recent demonstration in London , one patient was able to dance while wearing the dialyser — for joy , presumably , at no longer having to go to hospital so often .
There is a race to make supercomputers as powerful as possible to solve some of the world 's most important problems , including climate change , the need for ultra - long - life batteries for cars , operating fusion reactors with plasma that reaches 150 million degrees Celsius and creating bio-fuels from weeds and not corn .
Supercomputers allow researchers to create three - dimensional visualizations , not unlike a video game , to run endless " what - if " scenarios with increasingly finer detail .
But as big as they are today , supercomputers are n't big enough -- and a key topic for some of the estimated 11,000 people now gathering in Portland , Ore. for the 22nd annual supercomputing conference , SC09 , will be the next performance goal : an exascale system .
Today , supercomputers are well short of an exascale .
The world 's fastest system at Oak Ridge National Laboratory , according to the just released Top500 list , is a Cray XT5 system , which has 224,256 processing cores from six - core Opteron chips made by Advanced Micro Devices Inc. ( AMD ) .
The Jaguar is capable of a peak performance of 2.3 petaflops .
But Jaguar 's record is just a blip , a fleeting benchmark .
The U.S. Department of Energy has already begun holding workshops on building a system that 's 1,000 times more powerful -- an exascale system , said Buddy Bland , project director at the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility that includes Jaguar .
The exascale systems will be needed for high - resolution climate models , bio energy products and smart grid development as well as fusion energy design .
The later project is now under way in France : the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor , which the U.S. is co-developing .
" There are serious exascale - class problems that just cannot be solved in any reasonable amount of time with the computers that we have today , " said Bland .
As amazing as supercomputing systems are , they remain primitive and current designs soak up too much power , space and money .
It was n't until 1997 that the first teraflop system , ASCI Red at Sandia National Lab , broke the teraflop barrier , reaching one trillion calculations per second .
In 2008 IBM 's Roadrunner at the Los Alamos National Laboratory achieved petaflop speed , or one thousand trillion ( one quadrillion ) sustained floating - point operations per second .
The Energy Department , which is responsible for funding many of the world 's largest systems , wants two machines somewhere in the 2011 - 13 timeframe that will reach approximately 10 petaflops , said Bland .
But the next milestone now getting attention from planners is something that can reach an exaflop , or a million trillion calculations per second , ( one quintillion ) .
That 's 1,000 times faster than a petaflop .
The exaflop will likely arrive around 2018 .
The big performance leaps are expected to happen every decade or so .
Moore 's Law , which says the number of transistors on a chip will double every 18 months or so , helps to explain the roughly 10 - year development period .
But the problems involved in reaching exaflop scale go well beyond Moore 's Law .
The Jaguar uses 7 megawatts of power or 7 million watts .
An exascale system that used CPU processing cores alone might take 2 gigawatts or two billion watts , says Dave Turek , IBM vice president of deep computing .
" That 's roughly the size of medium - sized nuclear power plant .
That 's an untenable proposition for the future , " he said .
IBM is in competition with Cray and other supercomputing makers , and finding a way to cut power demands for users is among the top problems .
But the vendors still have to decide how to build these systems .
Increasingly , they 're likely to use hybrid approaches that combine co-processors or accelerators with CPUs in an effort to cut power .
The Roadrunner , which uses 3.9 megawatts , achieved just over one petaflop when it was announced .
It uses a hybrid architecture that mixes AMD processors with Cell processors that include nine separate processor cores , including one PowerPC core and eight smaller co-processing units called synergistic processing elements .
The use of co-processors , which includes graphics processing units , and field - programmable gate arrays , are intended to help cut power demand by moving some of the work off CPUs to processors that handle more specialized work .
Estimates on the size of exascale systems range from 10 million to 100 million cores .
Turek believes the latter number is more likely .
" We think exascale is a 100 million - core kind of enterprise , and there does n't seem any real pathway around it , said Turek .
" Where the players in pursuit of exascale are today is [ at ] a state of investigation to see what the right model is .
So if hybridization is the key , then what is the ratio of special - purpose cores to conventional cores ? " he said .
These future systems will have to use less memory per core and will need more memory bandwidth .
Systems running 100 million cores will continually see core failures and the tools for dealing with them will have to be rethought " in a dramatic kind of way , " said Turek .
IBM 's design goal for an exascale system is to limit it to 20 megawatts of power and keep it at a size of between 70 and 80 racks .
Jaguar is entirely built of CPUs , but Bland also sees future systems as hybrids , and points to chip development by both Intel and AMD that combine CPUs and co-processors .
" We believe that using accelerators is going to be absolutely critical to any strategy to getting to exaflop computers , " he said .
Addison Snell , CEO of InterSect360 Research , an HPC research firm in Sunnyvale , Calif. , said accelerators are capable of providing vast computational capability for specific applications , and the applications that can take advantage of them can move toward exascale first . "
Eventually , a general - purpose exascale system will arrive , " but special - purpose will probably come first . "
Before exascale arrives , petaflop systems will continue to grow in size , and government - funded efforts to build massive systems seems to be on the rise .
Fujitsu is planning a 10 - petaflop computer in 2011 for Japan 's Institute of Physical and Chemical Research , and China has now reached petaflop scale .
Governments appear to be more willing to fund large systems , and an international race may be starting to build systems capable of solving some of the world 's most pressing problems .
by Don Paskini
Earlier this year , London Citizens asked its member organisations to come up with a ‘ citizens ’ response to the economic crisis ’ .
Thousands of people were involved in these discussions , and the following priorities were agreed :
1. Deepen and broaden the Living Wage
To ensure our London Citizens member institutions are moving towards being London Living Wage ( LLW ) employers ; to extend the Living Wage campaign to all low - paid sectors nationally ; to find out who , in our member institutions , is being paid less than the LLW ( currently £ 7.60 p/hour ) ; to call on the Corporation of London and City institutions to follow the example of councils and businesses across London by paying the LLW , which is the best defence against debt .
2. Introduce cap on interest rates
To call on the Government to curb exploitative lending ( usury ) through a 20 per cent cap on interest charged on unsecured personal loans by financial institutions ( eg credit card companies , store cards , doorstep lending ) , such as exists in major EU countries ; to call on banks to take the lead by introducing low - interest credit cards , etc .
3. Expand local , mutual lending
To call for infrastructural investment by banks and Government in community - based / relational forms of lending , eg credit unions and mutuals , to increase the access to credit of the financially excluded .
4. Educate in financial literacy
To seek sponsors ( eg. KPMG and the City of London ) to work with London Citizens and partners Moneysavingexpert.com and Credit Action to pilot a financial literacy project in our member schools which will focus on responsible lending and responsible borrowing .
If successful , this project to be extended to schools across London and the UK , administered by an independent organisation .
5 . Create statutory charter for responsible lending
To call on all political parties to commit to establishing a statutory charter of responsible lending overseen by an established regulatory body , eg OFT or FSA ; the charter to include , eg , debt management plans , transparency of charges and criteria for responsible marketing .
*
What makes this set of policy proposals unique is not just that so many people were involved in developing them , it is what will happen next .
This evening , at the Barbican Centre , London Citizens is holding a Citizens ’
Assembly where 2,000 people will witness these proposals being presented to some of the most powerful people in London .
Their idea is that change does n’t just come from thinking up clever new policies , but from organising people to campaign for change .
Tonight , we ’ll be able to see how well that works in practice .
The snooping dragon : social - malware surveillance of the Tibetan movement
Shishir Nagaraja , Ross Anderson
March 2009 , 12 pages
Abstract
In this note we document a case of malware - based electronic surveillance of a political organisation by the agents of a nation state .
While malware attacks are not new , two aspects of this case make it worth serious study .
First , it was a targeted surveillance attack designed to collect actionable intelligence for use by the police and security services of a repressive state , with potentially fatal consequences for those exposed .
Second , the modus operandi combined social phishing with high - grade malware .
This combination of well - written malware with well - designed email lures , which we call social malware , is devastatingly effective .
Few organisations outside the defence and intelligence sector could withstand such an attack , and although this particular case involved the agents of a major power , the attack could in fact have been mounted by a capable motivated individual .
This report is therefore of importance not just to companies who may attract the attention of government agencies , but to all organisations .
As social - malware attacks spread , they are bound to target people such as accounts - payable and payroll staff who use computers to make payments .
Prevention will be hard .
The traditional defence against social malware in government agencies involves expensive and intrusive measures that range from mandatory access controls to tiresome operational security procedures .
These will not be sustainable in the economy as a whole .
Evolving practical low - cost defences against social - malware attacks will be a real challenge .
Full text
PDF ( 0.3 MB )
BibTeX record
@TechReport{UCAM-CL -TR -746 , author = { Nagaraja , Shishir and Anderson , Ross} , title = {
{The snooping dragon : social - malware surveillance of the Tibetan movement}} , year = 2009 , month = mar , url = { https://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/techreports/UCAM-CL-TR-746.pdf}, institution = { University of Cambridge , Computer Laboratory} , number = { UCAM-CL-TR - 746} }
( Fortune magazine ) -- Thanksgiving is upon us .
That makes it a perfect time to contemplate turkeys -- as in " What a turkey that deal was ! "
Almost all of this year 's winners have some connection to the federal government , because the feds have been such a huge factor in the financial markets .
But have no fear : Rising stock prices and cheap money , combined with the greed that is beginning to displace fear , are producing plenty of private sector poults that will be tomorrow 's full - grown birds .
Cash for Clunkers .
It was a well - intentioned plan that was supposed to increase consumer confidence , spur fuel efficiency , jump - start the auto industry , and help create American jobs .
Instead it disproportionately benefited foreign car companies , which create fewer North American jobs per auto dollar than the Detroit Three do .
And sales came mostly from inventory , doing little to increase production and jobs .
What 's more , by junking clunkers , the program removed many low - end vehicles from the used - car market , running up prices for the lower - income people who 'd normally buy them .
So we hurt the people most in need of help , while throwing taxpayer dollars down the drain .
As the saying goes , the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
Citi sells Phibro too cheap .
Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) selling its energy - trading business to Occidental ( OXY , Fortune 500 ) seems a prudent sale of a risky operation by a troubled company .
In reality , it was a giveaway of taxpayer money because Citi , 34 % owned by the U.S. , got a crummy price .
Phibro fetched merely its book value -- the amount by which its assets exceeded debts .
That means no value was placed on the business itself , which had been churning out substantial annual profits .
Citi sold so that it would n't have to deal with whether -- or how -- to pay Phibro 's top guy his contractual bonus of about $ 100 million .
Alas , Citi 's politically expedient sale , designed to make the firm look good , shortchanged its creditors and shareholders .
Another example of how optics can be so expensive .
Selling TARP warrants the wrong way .
The smartest part of the Troubled Asset Relief Program , as far as taxpayers are concerned , was the Treasury 's getting stock purchase warrants from the institutions that borrowed TARP money .
The dumbest : Forcing the government to immediately sell back the warrants to institutions that repaid TARP loans and were willing to go through a complex pricing procedure .
Consequently the strongest borrowers , with the most attractive stocks , repaid the loans early and got their warrants back just as their stocks were rising .
In the real world , the idea is to cut your losses short and let your profits ride .
At TARP our gains were cut short .
The Treasury 's most desirable warrants , except for J.P. Morgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , have been sold , fetching $ 2.9 billion , according to SNL Financial .
Even with $ 1.3 billion ( my guesstimate ) for J.P. Morgan , warrant proceeds wo n't cover TARP 's $ 2.6 billion loss on bankrupt CIT and failed United Commercial Bank , and its likely losses on AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) , GMAC ( GJM ) , and about three dozen other borrowers who 've missed payments on $ 2 billion of loans .
Next time let 's remember :
Take losses first , gains last .
Turkey of the decade .
Now that Time Warner ( TWX , Fortune 500 ) , my employer , is finally dumping AOL , the old America Online , it 's time to close the books on the biggest takeover turkey ever that did n't end in bankruptcy .
That was Time Warner 's swapping its shares , which represented real assets , for AOL 's bubble stock .
The day the deal was announced , Jan. 10 , 2000 , Time Warner closed at the equivalent of $ 184.50 a share .
After almost 10 years of travail , the $ 184.50 has shrunk to about $ 42.25 , consisting of one Time Warner share and 0.25 of a Time Warner Cable ( TWC ) share .
The 77 % decline is triple the S&P 500's decline over the same period .
But enough grousing .
Let 's enjoy America 's quintessential holiday .
May your turkeys be on your plate , not in your portfolio .
I have a list of n-bit " words "
type BitWord = [ Bool ]
and a trie which stores the word from the top to bottom :
data Tree = Bs Tree Tree --
Bs ( zero_bit ) ( one_bit ) | X -- incomplete word | B -- final bit of word
I have a function :
seenPreviously :: BitWord -> Tree -> ( Tree , Bool )
The function steps through the bits in the BitWord , while descending through the Tree going left at a zero bit and vice versa .
We return a new tree with this BitWord " merged in " , along with True if we had to add subtrees at some point ( i.e. the BitWord was not in the trie already ) and False otherwise .
I map this function over a [ BitWord ] , passing the Tree as state .
My question is this : Could this benefit from parallelism offered by Control .
Parallel ?
And if so , how can I reason about laziness and evaluation only to weak head normal form , etc . ?
My instinct is that I can be inserting ( actually building a subtree ) down a left branch while doing the same thing down the right branch , as two independent threads .
Something like :
parallelMapSt :: [ BitWords ] -> Tree -> [ Bool ] parallelMapSt [ ] _ = [ ] parallelMapSt ( w:ws ) t = let ( b, t ' ) = seenPreviously w t bs = parralelMapSt ws t' in t' `par` bs `pseq` ( b:bs )
Inquiring minds are interested in figuring out how long it might take to get back to " full employment " defined as 5 % .
John Mauldin touched upon this theme in Welcome to the New Normal .
John 's analysis stopped short of making actual projections as to when full employment would return , or the detailed path it would take to get there year by year .
However , I thank John for providing a nice starting point for discussion .
In Scarred Job Market Expected to Weigh on Economy The Wall Street Journal offers this look at how long it would take to return to employment levels before the start of the recession .
Please consider the long road back .
The Long Road Back
Click On Any Chart In This Post For Sharper Image
The Journal states ...
" On average , the economists do n't expect unemployment to fall below 6 % until 2013 "
The Journal goes on ...
" On average the economists -- not all of whom answered every question -- expect the unemployment rate to peak at 10.2 % in February .
But even once the employment situation stops getting worse , economists expect recovery to come slowly .
" It could take until 2014 - 15 before we see a 5 % handle on unemployment again , " said Diane Swonk at Mesirow Financial . "
6 % by 2013 ?!
5 % by 2015 ?!
Really ?
Mapping Unemployment
To map unemployment projections year - by - year from now through 2020 there are a huge number of variables to take into consideration .
Factors Affecting Unemployment Projections
Current Hiring Trends
Demographics
Working Age Population Growth Projections
Boomer Retirements
Participation Rate
Part - Time Employment
Drivers For Jobs
Housing
Commercial Real Estate
Global Wage Arbitrage
Outsourcing
Double Dip Recession
Productivity
Manufacturing
Monthly Job Growth 1999 - 2009
At the height of the internet bubble with a nonsensical Y2 K scare on top of that , the economy managed to gain 264,000 jobs a month .
At the height of the housing bubble in 2005 , the economy added 212,000 jobs a month .
At the height of the commercial real estate bubble with massive store expansion , the economy added somewhere between 96,000 and 178,000 jobs per month depending on where you mark the peak .
No Genuine Driver For Jobs .
The retail sector has massive overcapacity .
We do not need more Home Depots , WalMarts , Lowes , Sears , Pizza Huts , Targets , Safeways , etc etc .
Commercial real estate is flooded with vacant offices and plagued by falling rents .
Housing inventory is enormous .
Boomers will be looking to downsize their lifestyles .
There is not going to be another internet boom .
Motor Vehicle Sales
Peak Growth In Jobs Is In
The internet boom peaked at 264,000 jobs per month in 1999 .
The housing bubble boom peaked at 212,000 jobs per month in 2005 .
The commercial real estate boom peaked at 178,000 jobs per month .
The next peak will be lower yet .
Current Picture
Table A Household Data October 2009
Table A - 12
Grim Statistics
Table A - 5 Part Time Status
The key take - away from this series are the millions of workers whose hours will rise before companies start hiring more workers .
Table B - 2 . Average weekly hours of production and nonsupervisory workers on private nonfarm payrolls
Population Estimates
Civilian Participation Rate
Year Men Women
1960 83.3 37.7
1970 79.7 43.3
1980 76.3 51.5
1985 76.3 54.5
1990 76.1 57.5
Participation Rate 1950 - Present
Civilian Participation Rate Detail
Table A - 1 Employment Status
Unemployment Classifications
Past Predictions
Wednesday , April 22 , 2009
Note that the adverse scenario assumes a 10.3 % unemployment rate at the end of 2010 .
Hells bells , it 's highly likely unemployment far exceeds 10.3 % before the end of 2009 .
Sunday , June 07 , 2009
Economics may be the " dismal science " but economists as a group sure seem to be an optimistic lot .
The consensus forecast of unemployment for 2009 was 8.4 % .
The Blue Chip Forecast , a survey of America 's leading business economists that costs $ 875 annually .
Blue Chip had the unemployment rate at 8.3 % for 2009 and 8.7 % for 2010 .
the Fed had a mere 10 % chance the unemployment numbers get as high as the adverse scenario .
The adverse scenario for 2009 has already been exceeded unless you think unemployment has peaked and is going lower over the next several months .
Meanwhile the Survey of Professional Forecasters pegged the unemployment rate at 8.4 % for 2009 and 8.8 % for 2010 ( now revised much higher as is always the case ) .
Across the board , the Fed 's adverse scenarios were a cakewalk , especially the unemployment forecasts .
Friday , October 02 , 2009
Sorry folks , I was one month early .
In January I forecast the unemployment rate would hit 9.8 % by August .
Meanwhile , even though it was clear the Fed was wildly off base in its adverse scenario , the Fed upped it total to a mere 9.2 % to 9.6 % for the year as noted on May 21 , 2009 in Fed 's Economic Forecast Worsens ; Still Ridiculously Optimistic .
The Fed 's forecasts , released as part of the minutes from its April meeting , show that its staff now expects the unemployment rate to rise to between 9.2 % and 9.6 % this year .
The central bank had forecast in January that the jobless rate would be in a range of 8.5 % to 8.8 % , but the unemployment rate topped that in April , hitting 8.9 % .
Assumptions
Job losses are likely to continue for a minimum of another year .
When job gains start , they will be very slow at first , then pick up .
An extremely generous monthly job gain stat over the course of the year would be 150,000 jobs .
A falling participation rate will continue to mask reported unemployment .
Starting in 2013 the labor pool will start decreasing because of boomer demographics .
The noninstitutional population will rise by 2.5 million workers a year
Historical Recap
Labor Pool Analysis
Dave Rosenberg 's Outlook
U.S. Unemployment Rate Headed For 12.0 - 13.0 % .
Scenario
Number One
Unemployment Scenario 1 Data
Click On Any Chart In This Post For Sharper Image
Extremely Generous Assumptions
I am assuming there will be job gains ( on average ) in 2010 even though history suggests otherwise .
I have the number of jobs gained per month increasing to 170,000 jobs per month for 2013 even though I think 150,000 is a more realistic maximum target for an entire year .
I have +150,000 jobs for 4 consecutive years through 2016 .
I have the Labor Pool decreasing dramatically as a result of boomer demographics starting in 2014 .
This acts to lower the unemployment rate .
I have the participation rate falling every year , accelerating rapidly starting in 2014 all the way through 2020 .
Labor Pool , Jobs , Participation Rate Projections
" On average , the economists do n't expect unemployment to fall below 6 % until 2013 . "
It could take until 2014 - 15 before we see a 5 % handle on unemployment again , " said Diane Swonk at Mesirow Financial .
Addendum :
Usage Notes :
New house prices have fallen more than 40 pc on average from peak 2007 levels , the Irish Home Builders Association said in a report today .
“ Reductions of this magnitude and more in many cases have already occurred , ” the association , whose members account for 90 pc of all homes built in Ireland , said in the report .
“ Current prices are not sustainable in the medium and long - run ” as they do n’t reflect all the costs of building the properties and “ a reasonable return ” on investment , the association said .
Prices may have reached a bottom , according to the report .
House prices , which quadrupled in the decade through 2007 , have declined as the economy suffers its worst - ever recession and as banks tighten lending criteria .
Prices for a two - bedroom apartment in the upscale Ballsbridge area of Dublin have been slashed by 42 pc to € 560,000 , according to the report .
The “ majority ” of developers are now selling properties below cost to generate cash and repay loans , Dominic Doheny , chairman of the group , said at a press conference in Dublin .
He said his own company had cut prices on houses in the midlands by 25 pc .
The group forecast that 28,000 new homes will be built this year , down from the 2007 peak of about 90,000 .
It said around 10,000 will be built in 2010 .
Bloomberg
Ok so there is a reason that radar is spelled in all caps on the title .
RADAR actually stands for Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting .
Men ’s rights activist groups like RADAR have made quite the stir in headlines lately .
RADAR recently rallied on the steps of congress to encourage their elected representative to look at the problems with domestic violence .
Specifically , they claim that , “ false allegations are rampant , that a feminist - run court system fraudulently separates innocent fathers from children , that battered women ’s shelters are running a racket that funnels federal dollars to feminists , that domestic - violence laws give cover to cagey mail - order brides seeking Green Cards , and finally , that men are victims of an unrecognized epidemic of violence at the hands of abusive wives . ”
These men are angry and want legislative action on their behalf similar to the laws that have been effectuated to protect their female counterparts .
One article notes the reason for the recent success of male rights activist groups - they have worked hard to clean up their image from angry ex-husbands forced to pay child support to potential victims of domestic violence .
In my opinion , their focus should be more on ensuring proper protection for men that are abused rather than on bringing attention to any discrepancies in protection there are between male and female victims .
Unfortunately , the movement had a major setback when Men ’s rights activist George Sodini opened fire in a Pittsburgh gym , killing three and injuring nine others .
The purpose of the rampage was chronicled in his online journal in which he wrote about his lifelong rejection by women .
A recent study conducted by LegalMatch found an increase in male inquires in all areas dealing with domestic abuse , disputes , and sexual harassment .
I recently blogged about the increase in male sexual harassment cases at work here .
This figure is not surprising as the more socially acceptable it becomes to report these problems , the more men will report them .
I also think that this type of increased visibility of the victims of these crimes and false accusations will serve as a catalyst for increased protection .
I think that this is a really interesting aspect of society to follow both from a legal standpoint and from a political one .
For the first time in more than a quarter - century , a new space vehicle stands ready in NASA Kennedy Space Center 's 52 - story Vehicle Assembly Building in Florida .
The final segments of the Ares I - X rocket , including the simulated crew module and launch abort system , were stacked on Aug. 13 on a mobile launcher platform , completing the 327 - foot launch vehicle and providing the first entire look of Ares I - X 's distinctive shape .
The Ares I - X flight test is targeted for Oct. 31 .
A faultypart in the steering system for NASA ?s new Ares I - X rocket has delayed thebooster ?s trek to its Florida launch pad by at least a day as engineers work tofix the glitch .
The rocket , a suborbital version of NASA ?s newAres I booster designed to launch astronauts into orbit and ultimately backto the moon , was slated to roll out to Launch Pad 39B at the Kennedy SpaceCenter Monday for a planned Oct. 27 test launch .
But a malfunctioninghydraulics component at the base of the towering , 327 - foot ( 100 - meter ) tallrocket has stalled that plan , NASA spokesperson George Diller told SPACE.com .
? It ?s atleast a day [ of delay ] , but it ? s still kind of a developing story , ?
Dillersaid . ?
We?ll have to see how things go for us .?
It is notyet clear if the glitch could threaten the AresI - X launch date , which NASA moved up from an Oct. 31 target earlier thismonth since work crews were ahead of schedule .
Engineers are expected toreplace the faulty component , called a hydraulic accumulator , on the aft skirtof the Ares I - X rocket ?s first stage and test its replacement over the next dayor so , Diller said .
?
It ? sassociated with the steering and stabilization of the rocket during flight , ?Diller said of the faulty hardware .
A similar glitch occurred on one of thesolid rocket boosters for NASA ?s STS - 117 shuttle mission in 2007 and alsorequired repairs , he added .
NASA ?s AresI - X rocket is a demonstration version of the full , two - stage Ares I booster , which NASA plans to use to launchits Orion spacecraft ?
a capsule - based vehicle slated to replace the agency ? saging space shuttle fleet .
NASA ?s three space shuttles ?
Discovery , Atlantisand Endeavour ?
are due to retire once the International Space Station iscompleted in the next year or so .
The Ares I usesa giant , five - segmentsolid rocket booster for its first stage that is similar to thefour - segment versions used to help launch NASA shuttles .
It is built to bereusable and parachute back to Earth to be recovered in the Atlantic Oceanafter liftoff .
The second stage is liquid - fueled and not reusable and isdesigned to ferry its Orion capsule to orbit .
For the Ares I - X launch , NASA will fly a four - segment first stage that includes a dummyfifth segment .
The booster ?s second stage , Orion capsule and launch abortsystem are all mock - ups and will be dumped into the ocean after stageseparation just over two minutes into the flight .
Mission managers have saidthe flight will demonstrate the Ares I rocket concept and shakedown groundpreparations procedures .
Currently , NASA only has two days ?
Oct. 27 and Oct. 28 ? and try to launch the Ares I - Xmission before standing down due to the unavailability of the Eastern Range itshares for launches with the nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and UnitedStates military .
Diller saidthat it may be possible to delay the Ares I - X rocket ?s rollout to Pad 39B byone day and still make the Oct. 27 target .
But any more delays could proveproblematic .
? Butit ?s still too early to tell , ?
Diller said .
Video - NASA 's Ares I - X Test Flight Unveiled
Video - See the Ares I Rocket Motor Test
Video Show - NASA 's Vision for Humans in Space
SPACE .comwill provide full coverage of NASA ?s Ares I - X test flight with Managing EditorTariq Malik and Staff Writer Clara Moskowitz .
Click here for full mission coverage .
At first , I got swept up in the spirit : there 's great fun in being united with other people in common dislike , so when the buzz on Twitter amongst publishing types turned to scoffing at Dan Brown 's new opus , my initial instinct was to join in the #danwho ?
disdain that reached fever pitch on Tuesday with the publication of The Lost Symbol .
I also hated The Da Vinci Code ( I threw it against a wall when I finished it ) and have more than once felt a wave of revulsion when noting an otherwise perfectly fanciable man reading it on the tube .
But as the angst increased , I began to feel uncomfortable with my spot on the bandwagon : should writers and publishers and literary readers reconsider our attitudes towards Brown ?
One of the most common complaints of the #danwho ?
cohort is that the publication and success of Brown 's books is undermining to those of greater merit – in other words , pretty much every book out there .
But I 'm quite sure that this is spurious : the infusion of cash into the industry that comes from Brown 's sales , as with other juggernauts like JK Rowling , will have an overall positive effect .
Within Random
House , increased profits means that there will be more money to punt on writers that are less of a sure thing ( as an RH author , this makes me especially optimistic ) , while increased traffic at booksellers can only help , rather than hinder , the sales of other books .
While there may well be people out there who read The Lost Symbol and think , " Ah , well , that was nice .
I look forward to reading another book five years from now , or whenever he finishes the next one .
Now , where 's that old issue of Heat ? " but there will also be other people who think , " Hey !
Reading a book is fun .
Perhaps I shall try another one . "
I can't hate Dan Brown for making these things happen .
But what swayed my view even more than these economic arguments was in fact , the poignant revelation that Brown shared a creative writing class at Amherst – one of the US 's finest small liberal arts colleges – with David Foster Wallace .
No one , I am certain , takes a creative writing course with the aim of writing over - wrought , long - winded , critically - reviled thrillers .
You take a creative writing course because you want to be a good writer ; because you go back to your dorm room and read the great books on your English Lit course syllabus ( or your genius classmate David 's coursework ) and regard the Pulitzer prize shortlist and think , " One day , that could be me . "
And then you sit down to write with all the best of intentions , and all that comes out is " The thirty - four - year - old initiate gazed down at the human skull cradled in his palms . "
Who has n't been there ?
I know I have : when writing my first volume of unabashed commercial non-fiction , every so often I found my mind drifting to the entertaining notion that some insightful critic would read it and say , " Ah , this volume of unabashed commercial non-fiction actually has surprising literary merit ! "
But I know that I will be waiting for ever .
I would thus be willing to wager all of the income I have ever made from writing fiction ( nothing , but the sentiment is there ) that sometimes , even as he wallows in his piles of money , Dan Brown wonders why he 'll never be able to write exactly as well as he wishes he could ; why while being one of the world 's most financially successful writers , literary acclaim eludes him ; why no one ever says , " actually , there 's a sentence on page 344 when Langdon says something rather profound and eloquent " .
Sometimes , despite our best intentions , we just cannot help the way that we write , and sometimes , it is just a bit crap .
Might our communal antipathy towards Brown in fact be a displacement of the energy that fuels the oft - unspoken but pervasive anxiety that the even attainment of longed - for commercial success is no guarantee that we are actually any good at writing ?
And yet would we keep writing at all if we did n't still have a shred of hope , deep down , that it might be possible that we might be brilliant ?
We are all Dan Brown .
Except for the staggering wealth .
CouchDB does replication , but replication needs to be set up after each server restart .
This means you need to ensure that replication is restarted whenever the daemon restarts CouchDB .
I have never seen replication stop working without a restart , but I prefer being safe to being sorry about replication .
To be perfectly honest , I do not trust that my replication initiation after a soft CouchDB restart works properly either so I prefer to monitor the replication and have a safety mechanism in place to restart replication if needed .
There are several ways to monitor replication .
You could fetch the status page of all servers and restart replication on servers with an empty page , but that is a kind of brute force approach in my world .
A better solution is to use the replication itself to monitor that it works .
Each server updates their timestamp in CouchDB and this is again replicated to the other servers .
This gets us a bit of the way , but not all the way .
The server you are checking might have received updates from all the other servers , but you do n’t know if it ’s pushed out anything to the other servers .
To solve this , you can add information about the other servers to the local server as well .
This will give you a matrix of server replication status .
For each server , you will see the timestamp replicated from the server and a list of timestamps replicated to that server .
The latter often being a generation older than the former .
Cron can be used to update this data .
The cronjob reads all the server timestamps and updates this servers timestamp followed by a list of the other servers timestamp .
A mapper to get a server id to server status out of the db .
map : function ( doc ) { emit( doc._id , doc ) ; }
Our monitroing database is called server_status .
The design containing the mapper is called collections and the view server_list .
A Ruby database checker that can run on cron .
require ' rubygems ' require ' couchrest ' require ' json ' require ' open-uri ' STATUS_DB = ' http://localhost:5984/server_status'
COLLECTIONS = ' collections ' SERVER_LIST = ' server_list ' hostname = ARGV [ 0 ] status_db = CouchRest.database !( STATUS_DB ) status_view = " # {STATUS_DB}/_design/#{COLLECTIONS}/_view/#{SERVER_LIST} " #
Get the current information about this server if available server_status = begin status_db.get ( hostname ) rescue RestClient :: ResourceNotFound {' _id' => hostname} end server_status [ ' time ' ] = Time.new.to_i #
Get the current times of the other servers and update this server 's # view of them JSON ( open ( status_view ) .read ) [ ' rows ' ] . map do |row| {' server ' => row [ ' id ' ] , ' status ' => row [ ' value ']} end.each do | status| unless status [ ' server ' ] == hostname server_status [ ' servers ' ] [ status [ ' server ' ] ] = status [ ' status ' ] [ ' time ' ] end end status_db.save_doc(server_status )
Now you need to determine when to trigger replication restart .
This can be handled in the watchdog cronjob .
If the highest timestamp seen for this server at other servers is above a threshold , restart replication .
The final loop triggering when the age is above a threshold .
The init_replication method just posts a continuous replication trigger to the db :
JSON ( open( status_view ) .read ) [ ' rows ' ] . map do |row| {' server ' => row [ ' id ' ] , ' status ' => row [ ' value ']} end.each do | status| if server_status [ ' time ' ] - status [ ' status ' ] [ ' time ' ] > THRESHOLD init_replication ( status [ ' server ' ] ) end unless status [ ' server ' ] == hostname server_status [ ' servers ' ] [ status [ ' server ' ] ] = status [ ' status ' ] [ ' time ' ] end end
Rudimentary init_replication method .
def init_replication ( server ) target = " http://#{server}:5984 " databases = [ ' server_status ' ] databases .
each do |db| config = { ' source ' => " #{db} " , ' target ' => " #{target} / #{db} " , ' continuous ' => true } payload = JSON.generate ( config ) result = Net:: HTTP.new ( '127.0.0.1 ' , ' 5984 ' ) .post ( '/ _replicate ' , payload , {' content - type ' => ' text /x-json'} ) unless result .
code == 200 p " replication to #{target} / #{db} failed with # {result.code} " end end end
We have a monitoring view of replication ages in our system .
It shows the matrix of timestamps as age in seconds rather than the actual timestamp since the age is the important metric .
A bonus of this replication monitoring system is that we can access the status page from a mobil phone and get an accurate picture of the replication status .
This does n’t worry me now , but it did when we first set it up .
Now it ’s just a part of our general monitoring view .
by Edgar J. Steele
What moves me today ?
It appears that the massive biological pandemic that I have forecast for many years , most recently specifying this Fall ( that 's right now , folks ) , has arrived in the break - away Soviet republic of Ukraine over the past week .
You say you have n't heard about it yet ?
You will .
There has been no news coverage in the West so far , so near as I can tell , but this story is too big and moving too fast to cover up much longer .
I have seen a number of Internet postings on the Ukrainian epidemic and , even , a few UTube videos already .
I have heard the story developing since last week from correspondents of mine in Ukraine who have been witnessing things first hand .
School and public offices have all been closed .
President Yuschenko has declared a state of emergency and issued a plea for international help .
Reports of up to 3,000 deaths ( unconfirmed ) already are leaking out .
So far , the worst of this outbreak is in Western Ukraine , in and around the city of Lviv , but a few hundred kilometers to the East , in the capital city of Kiev , nearly half the people now stalk the streets wearing surgical masks .
It would be an understatement to say that the people of Ukraine are moving into full panic mode .
I can see why .
So should you .
I will explain why in a moment .
Ukrainian authorities are unclear that this outbreak is the same as or , even , a close variant of the Swine Flu now sweeping over the planet .
Maybe it is just a lethal mutation .
Likely not , however .
They are calling it both a viral pneumonia and bacteriological hemorrhagic fever .
The symptoms mimic those of Swine Flu , though on steroids .
People die with their lungs dissolving almost overnight , filled with fluids and blood .
This is the exact , same pattern as followed by the 1917 Spanish Flu , which struck down the healthiest among the population , those with the strongest immune systems .
The rampup over the summer has been identical to 1917 , too .
Here 's why you are at special risk if you are young and healthy :
Your vital and responsive immune system is the very thing that kills you , by overreacting to the infection via what is called a Cytokeine Storm .
I wrote about this process earlier this year , in Flu Happens .
A great many of the people now dying have underlying conditions as well , particularly those of a respiratory nature such as asthma , when they take ill .
Now for the particularly interesting and sinister conspiracy twist ( you just knew this was coming , did n't you ? ) :
Incidentally , I have forecast in my Internet columns and my book , Defensive Racism , this very scenario , though I have not known where it would begin .
Three months ago , Israeli Mossad agent Joseph Moshe , who specializes in biological warfare , was taken down by Los Angeles police , allegedly for " threatening the White House . "
What was n't reported by the media at the time was that Moshe just had " called into a radio show to warn people about a biological weapon that was being made by Baxter international that would be spread through vaccine and would cause a plague upon its release . "
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/08/14/man-suspected-of-making-t_n_259330.html
Moshe also claimed that Ukraine would be the country in which it first would be released .
This was in early August .
How did he know ?
Three months ago , Moshe stated that this pandemic would begin in Ukraine , a country free of the flu until last week .
That is too much for coincidence .
Maybe it simply is coincidence , but I do not believe in coincidence .
And , suddenly , lots of people are dying in Ukraine from this flu outbreak - a much more deadly form of the flu than has been seen anywhere else .
Baxter Pharmaceuticals has a vaccine development and production lab in Ukraine and in the past has been proven to have shipped dangerous live agents to other countries , notably AIDS in blood products that killed thousands of people a few years ago .
This past spring , Czechoslovakia happened to test some Baxter vaccine and found live virus , something about which you may have heard .
Baxter , the source of the flu vaccine now being distributed over there , cannot be trusted !
The Ukrainian people are not being told any of this or about what this Moshe character said just prior to being arrested in August over here .
I am forwarding this column to all my friends in Ukraine tonight .
There is extreme danger from this flu pandemic in Ukraine right now and you should take especial precautions , wherever you live .
Particularly , get a supply of Tamiflu , if possible , and start taking it at the first sign of symptoms ( headache , fever , dry cough , aches / pains and extreme fatigue ) .
It works .
I have used it myself in the past .
This flu operates very fast , often within just 3 - 6 hours , and is very deadly .
You will not have time to get Tamiflu once you have symptoms .
I predict that we will see this all over the globe by the end of the month .
This could kill a lot of people .
A lot , as in millions .
Already , you can bank upon this infection being in many other countries , now going through its gestation period .
It is infectious before symptoms really manifest .
We will know by this time next week .
Hang on , folks .
I think this is just the crest .
Now comes the plunge downward .
Keep your hands and feet inside the ride at all times .
-###-
New America - an idea whose time has come .
Copyright ©2009 , Edgar J. Steele Forward as you wish .
Permission is granted to circulate this article and its related audio file among private individuals and groups , post on all Internet sites and publish in full in all not - for - profit publications .
Contact author for all other rights , which are reserved .
On - Line link to this rant in HTML format : http://www.nickelrant.com/rants/091105rant.htm
Please visit my web site , www.NickelRant.com, for other messages just like this one .
Submitted by Damien Hoffman of Wall St. Cheet Sheat
Will Lady Justice Weigh In On The Greatest Heist In History ?
Here we are approaching 2010 and we have not yet punished the thieves who caused the Greatest Heist in History .
It ’s one thing for justice to allude Osama bin Laden as he scurries through miles of mountainous terrain .
It ’s another when the assholes who screwed us are sitting in luxury high - rises going about their daily business in plain view .
When I was young my great - grandfather told me : “ Steal a loaf of bread and you ’ll go to jail .
Steal millions ( now Trillions ) on Wall Street and you can make it legal . ”
So true .
While petty criminals are filling our jails , the SEC has their head somewhere dark and moist because they can’t figure out how to categorize crimes which have been redefined by decades of lobbying and attached legislative amendments .
We have been consumed with the current health care legislation .
We have sighed as markets have recovered off satanic lows .
However , the only way for future generations to loyally invest in markets is to apprehend and punish the terrorists .
If you lost a significant portion of your retirement stash , or maybe even your job , you now have to work that many more hours of your life to make yourself whole for the crimes of megalomaniacs .
If that does n’t motivate you to take 5 short minutes to write your local representative to ask about punishments for the thieves , I do n’t know what will .
Until the criminals are brought to justice and sane rules are established on Wall Street , markets will remain nothing more than short term trading pits .
Lou Dobbs , August 14 :
It 's just killing the left wing in this country that they can't force CNN to fire me .
The PlayStation 3 was not only the top - selling home console in Japan for the week ended November 8 , but it even managed to edge out the typically dominant Nintendo DSi handheld .
Sony 's console , which recently saw a price cut and a hardware form factor revamp , sold 48,925 units during the course of the week , compared to the DSi , which sold 37,421 during the same period , Media Create reported .
Including the DS Lite , the DS line sold 42,936 units overall .
PS3 also has had the top - selling games for the past two weeks in the form of Konami 'sand Sega 's action game .
Both games also saw releases on Xbox 360 , but those versions did not perform as strongly as their PS3 counterparts .
A week without DSi as the top - selling piece of hardware is not typical .
The last time the DSi relinquished the top slot was in early September , when the cheaper , slimmer PS3 originally launched to the tune of over 150,000 units sold during the week .
Meanwhile , Sony's PSP came in third place after the PS3 and DSi with 33,784 .
Combined with PSP
Go sales , the PSP line sold 47,776 -- which would be enough to capture second place behind PS3 for the week .
PSP
Go sales , however , dropped substantially week - on - week from 29,109 sold in its debut week last week ( which included only one day of sales ) to 13,992 for this most recent week .
The Wii , which also saw a price cut recently to help boost sales , sold 31,810 units during the week to come in fourth overall .
Nintendo has recently characterized Wii sales as " stalled .
" Below are the Japanese hardware charts for the week ended November 8:PS3 48,925DSi 37,421PSP 33,784Wii 31,810 PSP
Go 13,992DS Lite 5,515Xbox 360 4,679PS2 2,066
Car insurance more expensive for men , says moneysupermarket.com
Public health experts worried about the spread of the H1N1 flu are raising concerns that workers who deal with the public , like waiters and child care employees , are jeopardizing others by reporting to work sick because they do not get paid for days they miss for illness .
Tens of millions of people , or about 40 percent of all private - sector workers , do not receive paid sick days , and as a result many of them cannot afford to stay home when they are ill .
Even some companies that provide paid sick days have policies that make it difficult to call in sick , like giving demerits each time someone misses a day .
Public health experts say policies like these encourage many people with H1N1 , commonly called swine flu , to report to work despite official warnings from the government and most companies that they should stay home .
“ For people who are really caught on a weekly income , if they ca n’t make a go of it , they might say , ‘ I ’m desperate .
I ’m going to do what I have to do , and I ’m going into work even though I ’m sick , ’ ” said Robert Blendon , a professor of health policy at Harvard .
An Introduction to Species Counterpoint
figure 1 figure 1a
C
J.J. Fux 's Gradus Ad Parnassum is the classic text dealing with species counterpoint and fugue ; it presents a set of rules for writing in the style of 16th century vocal composition ( i.e. Palestrina style ) .
Species counterpoint is dealt with in the first part of the book , where Fux defines five species , each of which is concerned with combining two or more voices subject to a well - defined set of rhythmic and harmonic constraints .
For two part exercises , the student is required to invent a melody above or below a cantus firmus ( CF ) ; the CF is a fixed , given melody which uses only semibreves ( whole notes ) .
Fux provided a cantus firmus in six of the ecclesiastical modes : Dorian Phrygian Lydian Mixolydian Aeolian Ionian
There are several rules governing melodic movement in the counterpoint ; these are common to all five species .
The main purpose of these rules is to prevent any sequence of notes which may be difficult to sing ( or more precisely , to try to prevent a succession of notes which would have been difficult or unstylistic for 16th century singers ) .
These melodic constraints state that :
Augmented or diminished intervals between succeeding notes are not allowed .
Leaps greater than an octave , or leaps of a major sixth or a seventh are prohibited .
An ascending leap of a minor sixth or an octave must be followed by a step back down within the compass of the leap ( figure 2 ) .
In the same way , a descending leap of an octave must be followed by a step back up within the compass of the leap .
A descending leap of a minor sixth is prohibited .
A sequence of notes forming an ' exposed ' tritone is prohibited ( figure 3 ) .
Accidentals should generally be avoided since they are not in the character of the ecclesiastical modes .
However , the penultimate bar in each species requires a specific sequence which may demand the use of a sharp .
figure 2 melodic direction reverses after the leap figure 3 this diminished fifth from B to F is ' exposed '
There are also some general rules governing the combination of the two parts ; these rules are common to all five species .
Perfect consonant intervals are unisons , fifths , and octaves .
Imperfect consonant intervals are thirds and sixths .
Seconds , fourths , sevenths , and all augmented and diminished intervals are dissonances .
When the two voices move in the same direction , such movement is called ' direct ' by Fux , ' similar ' , or ' parallel ' motion by others .
When the two voices move in different directions
Fux calls it ' contrary ' motion , others use the term ' opposite ' .
If one voice stays on the same note while the other moves , the movement is called ' oblique ' motion .
The two parts may not move in direct motion to a perfect consonance .
figure 4
First Species
In addition to the general rules listed above , the rules specific to the first species are :
The counterpoint consists of a single semibreve against each note of the cantus firmus .
No dissonances are allowed .
In the penultimate bar the counterpoint must be a major sixth above the cantus firmus .
This requires an accidental in the Dorian , Mixolydian , and Aeolian modes .
In the final bar the counterpoint must be an octave above the cantus firmus .
Unisons are not allowed , except in the first bar .
The counterpoint in the first bar must be an octave or a fifth above the cantus firmus , or a unison .
An example from Gradus
Points to note in this example :
In the penultimate bar the C has been sharpened in order to form the required major sixth .
All three types of motion have been used .
Melodic movement is mostly by step .
Java Runtime Environment
You must have the Java Runtime Environment installed on your computer in order to run Java applets .
If you do n't know whether Java is already on your computer or not , go to http://www.java.com/en/download/index.jsp
where you can test by clicking on the " Do I have Java " link .
If you DO NOT have Java , get the Free Java Download from the same page .
How to use the applet
Click in the bar in which you want to place a note .
A semibreve ( whole note ) will appear on the line or space which the mouse points at .
The note may be replaced by simply clicking in the same bar , or moved up or down by dragging it .
Measures which are not visible initially may be scrolled to by using the scroll bar under the staves .
A note may be preceeded by an accidental by selecting one of the buttons labelled ' Sharp ' or ' Flat ' , and then entering the note as just explained .
When the counterpoint is complete ( that is , there is a note in every bar ) , the counterpoint may be checked for conformance to the rules for first species by pressing the ' Check Answer ' button ; this results in a list of comments appearing in the text area below the buttons ( the comments generally identify exceptions to the rules ) .
A completed exercise may be played back by pressing the ' Play ' button .
A different mode may be selected by choosing from the ' Select a mode ' choice box .
Problems have been reported by users running Java applets on Mac OSX .
Apparently the version of Java on the Mac comes from Apple , instead of from Sun , and is well known to be buggy .
The most recent help I 've found for this problem comes from Michael Horowitz 's Java Tester page .
Also make sure you have the most recent version of Java for Mac ; instructions are at Apple support .
If you 're still having trouble you can Google " Java applets on Mac " .
I have n't got a Mac or access to one , sorry I can't help further on this ...
On some internet forums users have reported problems with Firefox 3.5 , not only in relation to Java applets running in that browser .
I have no problems with the applets in Firefox 3.0.1 .
The Firefox / applet problem may be resolved by disabling the " next - generation Java plugin " .
This plugin will be disabled by going to Control Panel > Java >
Advanced tab > Java Plug - in where ' Enable the next - generation " should be un-checked .
Most of the English translation by Alfred Mann of Gradus Ad Parnassum has been published by Norton in The Study of Counterpoint and by Dover ( now ) in The Study of Fugue .
As far as I am aware there is no English translation of the complete text , but there is a facsimile of the original Latin text published by Broude Brothers .
Other noteworthy texts on counterpoint include :
The part of Gradus Ad Parnassum which deals with fugue is in The Study of Fugue .
Fux wrote that this was the most important part of his book .
The following excerpt is from the back cover of Norton 's edition of The Study of Counterpoint
Composers who have been familiar with Gradus Ad Parnassum include J.S. Bach , who is known to have read the book and praised it ;
Haydn studied it meticulously for his own training in composition ; Leopold Mozart used it for his son's early composition lessons , and Beethoven made a condensed version with annotations , which he used when teaching his students .
More recently Richard Strauss and Paul Hindemith used it when teaching .
Earlier this year , federal regulators relaxed the " mark - to - market " accounting rules that forced banks to tell the truth about what their assets were worth .
This allowed banks to pretend that assets were worth , say , 90 cents on the dollar when their market value was closer to 50 cents .
This makes the banking system seem much healthier than it is ( look , ma , no writeoffs ! ) .
But because the market value of the assets is 50 cents for a reason , the change has likely just prolonged the agony .
Instead of banks that would have been fixed rapidly , if painfully , by marking to market , we 've got zombie banks .
And , now , regulators have essentially done the same thing for commercial real estate loans .
The commercial real - estate crisis is taking a while to play out , and the new rules will ensure that it takes even longer .
Instead of having to foreclose and take writeoffs , the new rules encourage banks to modify existing commercial real - estate loans , even when the value of the asset has fallen below the value of the loan .
Because interest rates are so low , many commercial real - estate owners , especially those with long - term leases , are not having trouble making payments , even when the value of their buildings is well below the amount they owe .
These property owners would not be able to refinance the loans because of the loan - to - value problem , so when the loans come due , they might be screwed .
There 's nothing wrong with encouraging modification :
If modification allows these companies to hold onto their properties until values recover , then the tactic will work .
If , however , values do n't recover in time , the modifcations will just kick the can down the road .
Why ?
Because , as the value of the buildings have fallen , rents have , too .
As current leases roll off , therefore , rents will drop , which will make payments harder to make .
If interest rates ever rise , moreover , the payments will become even more of a burden .
So it 's easy to imagine a scenario a few years down the road in which rates are moving higher and building values and rents are still in the tank .
This could prompt the wave of defaults that we 're just postponing now .
In the meantime , moreover , we will be prolonging the illusion that the banks are healthy .
The modified loans will still be classified as " performing " and carried at par -- even though the actual asset value is far lower .
Lingling Wei , WSJ : Federal bank regulators issued guidelines allowing banks to keep loans on their books as " performing " even if the value of the underlying properties have fallen below the loan amount .
The volume of troubled commercial real - estate loans is skyrocketing .
Regulators said that the rules were designed to encourage banks to restructure problem commercial mortgages with borrowers rather than foreclose on them .
But the move has prompted criticism that regulators are simply prolonging the financial crisis by not forcing borrowers and lenders to confront , rather than delay , inevitable problems .
The guidelines , released on Friday by agencies including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , provide guidance for bank examiners and financial institutions working with commercial property owners who are " experiencing diminished operating cash flows , depreciated collateral values , or prolonged delays in selling or renting commercial properties . "
Restructurings are often in the best interest of both lenders and borrowers , the guidelines point out .
Read the whole thing >
Here are the new guidelines : bcreg
I ’m doing a regular weekly visualisation for the excellent Guardian Datablog , the front - end for an amazing library of statistics and data , lovingly hand - gathered by The Guardian .
My first post is about Deadly Drugs .
There ’s been a furore over here in the UK about the dangers of illegal drugs .
The Government has sacked its most senior drugs advisor , Dr Professor Nutt , after he claimed cannabis was no more harmful than alcohol .
And that horse - riding , and specifically ‘ equasy ’ ( Equine Addiction Syndrome ) was riskier than taking ecstasy .
( Statistically he ’s correct .
His study here . ) .
Anyway , digging at the numbers behind his statements and how drugs are reported in the popular press , I found some stuff I did n’t expect about drug harms .
Check out the article on The Guardian blog for detail and data .
You want both right ?
Detention officer Adam Stoddard is shown on courtroom videotape taking a document from a defense attorney ’s file .
If he does n’t make a grand public apology to a defense attorney soon , a Maricopa County detention officer could find himself inside a jail cell rather than tending them .
A Maricopa County judge on Tuesday ordered detention officer Adam Stoddard to hold a news conference and publicly apologize for swiping a document from a defense attorney ’s file behind her back last month in an incident caught on courtroom videotape .
If the Maricopa County Sheriff ’s officer refuses or the defense attorney decides the apology is not “ sufficient , ” Judge Gary Donahoe ’s ruling said he would throw Stoddard in jail .
Donahoe ’s ruling held Stoddard in contempt for the Oct. 19 incident in which he could be seen on a courtroom security video sneaking up behind attorney Joanne Cuccia in the middle of a hearing and taking a document from her file .
During several days of testimony following the incident , Stoddard said he happened to have glanced at the file and saw the words “ going to , ” “ steal ” and “ money ” grouped together in a sentence .
It made him think a crime was taking place and gave him the authority to pull the document , he said .
But Donahoe rejected that story , saying there ’s no way “ a reasonable detention officer ” would have thought a crime was taking place based on what he saw .
“ There was no immediate or future security threat that would have justified a reasonable detention officer in DO Stoddard ’s situation removing , seizing and coping a document from a defense attorney ’s file , ” Donahoe wrote in his ruling , which was made public today .
“ A reasonable detention officer would have recognized after spending approximately 37 seconds reading the paragraph in question , that the ‘ key words ’ had nothing to do with an immediate or future security threat to the jail or anyone else . ”
Donahoe was skeptical last week that Arizona law gave him any authority to punish Stoddard for taking the file .
But in the ruling , Donahoe said he found case law that allowed him to do it .
It had to do with a 1995 case in which a judge determined that something that took place outside of his or her courtroom still affected the integrity of the court .
“ This case is not about disobeying a court order , ” Donahoe wrote .
“ It is about protecting a defense attorney from misbehavior and harassment by another officer of the court . ”
Donahoe ’s ruling is extraordinary in other ways , too .
Not only does it force Stoddard to hold a news conference or else go to jail , it lays out the specifics of what the news conference will look like .
The judge said the news conference should take place on or before Nov. 30 in the plaza on the north side of the central building Maricopa County Superior Courthouse .
There , Stoddard is to give the defense attorney a “ sincere verbal and written apology for invading her defense file and for the damage that his conduct may have caused to her professional reputation , ” the judge ruled .
Stoddard is also supposed to make sure that a press release is sent out to all print and broadcast media in Maricopa County at least 24 hours before the public apology .
Lastly , the judge gave Cuccia the authority to determine whether the apology is sufficient .
If not , then Stoddard will be thrown in jail on Dec. 1 and Donahoe will figure out what to do with him then .
Cuccia said last week she was concerned about her professional reputation because of what happened .
In multiple public statements , the Maricopa County Sheriff ’s Office said deputies and detention officers had been on high alert recently because two separate defense attorneys had allegedly helped smuggle drugs and other items to their clients who were members of the Mexica Mafia .
Stoddard said he was on particularly high alert that day because Cuccia ’s client , Antonio Lozano , was a documented member of the Mexican Mafia .
Donahoe said in his ruling those kinds of statements , which cast false suspicion on an attorney with a good record , are exactly why he is making Stoddard apologize in such a public fashion .
“ Because it was the public dissemination of the information that may have damaged Ms. Cuccia ’s reputation , perhaps by the public dissemination of information , any damage can be corrected or at least lessened , ” he wrote .
While Donahoe went full - throttle on Stoddard , he was far easier on the other sheriff ’s employee shown on the Oct. 19 video .
The judge determined that deputy Francisco Campillo was basically asked by a colleague to make a copy of a document , and did so without reading it .
Donahoe declined to hold Camillo in contempt .
The sheriff ’s office did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment .
Update : Sheriff Joe Arpaio and an attorney for his office say there ’s slim chance Stoddard will either apologize or go to jail in the case .
They plan to fight the judge ’s order .
Read more here .
Courtroom video of the Oct. 19 incident :
“ Direct access from the outside to the brain ’s dispenser of pleasure , its reward system , was never intended by nature .
It is too dangerous , a circumvention of the evolutionary forged link between work and reward , a key to adaptation . ”
This page is a sidebar to my article Personal Development Roadblocks : Pushing Pleasure Buttons .
In that article I provide some background about the brain ’s pleasure centers and items that naturally stimulate the pleasure centers
In this sidebar , let ’s review some items that hijack your brain ’s dopamine reward system – and the research that backs it up .
Drugs ( cocaine , amphetamines ) , Tobacco , Alcohol .
In Inside The Brain , Ronald Kotulak writes “ With astonishing precision , alcohol zips directly to the brains pleasure center . ”
He then goes on to describe in great detail exactly how alcohol affects our brains to make us feel pleasure , almost as soon as we start drinking .
Note : I ’m not including these three items together as a judgment , I am including them together because these are items that are tied together neatly in a discussion by the National Institute on Drug Abuse .
See their article on The Brain ’s Drug Reward System .
See also this research paper , Alcohol promotes dopamine release in the human nucleus accumbens .
.
In Inside The Brain , Ronald Kotulak writes “ With astonishing precision , alcohol zips directly to the brains pleasure center . ”
He then goes on to describe in great detail exactly how alcohol affects our brains to make us feel pleasure , almost as soon as we start drinking .
Video Games .
Research of the pleasure center being stimulated shown in this article , ( PDF ) Evidence for striatal dopamine release during a video game .
Note that the nucleus accumbens ( one of the pleasure centers discussed ) is in the striatum ( where “ striatal dopamine ” was found to be released ) .
I suspect they worded the title that way since they did not confirm for certain that the dopamine was released by the nucleus accumbens .
This one I think is a particular problem .
The pleasure centers have been shown to have a role in addiction , and while we do not have any evidence for what was going on in these people ’s minds at the time of their death , we do know that there have been some deaths from video game addiction – cases where people went days without food or sleep to play video games .
Research of the pleasure center being stimulated shown in this article , ( PDF ) Evidence for striatal dopamine release during a video game .
Note that the nucleus accumbens ( one of the pleasure centers discussed ) is in the striatum ( where “ striatal dopamine ” was found to be released ) .
I suspect they worded the title that way since they did not confirm for certain that the dopamine was released by the nucleus accumbens .
This one I think is a particular problem .
The pleasure centers have been shown to have a role in addiction , and while we do not have any evidence for what was going on in these people ’s minds at the time of their death , we do know that there have been some deaths from video game addiction – cases where people went days without food or sleep to play video games .
Television .
I ca n’t imagine this is a surprise to anyone .
What I found surprising though is it does n’t appear to even matter what people were watching .
According to the article :
“ Rapidly changing images , scenery andevents , and high - fidelity sounds are highly stimulating and extremely interesting .
Television [ provides ] unnatural levels of sensory stimulation .
Little in real life is comparable to this .
Television may overpay the child for paying attention to it , and in so doing it may physically corrupt the reward system [ … ] . ” “ [ A ] growing body of empirical evidence is indicating that watching television causes physiological changes , and not for the better .
Most of these effects occur irrespective of the [ what ] people watch [… ] .
It is the medium , not the message . ” “ [ D] opamine is seen as rewarding us for paying attention , especially to things that are novel and stimulating .
Screen entertainment causes our brain to release dopamine . ” – See Visual Voodoo : The Biological Impact of Watching TV .
. I ca n’t imagine this is a surprise to anyone .
What I found surprising though is it does n’t appear to even matter what people were watching .
According to the article : Music .
Research has shown increased levels of dopamine , as well as increased activity in the pleasure centers when listening to music .
“ [ L ] istening to music strongly modulates activity in [ the pleasure centers ] . [ … ]
Responses in the [ pleasure centers ] [ … ] were strongly correlated pointing to an association between dopamine
release and [ the pleasure center ’s ] response to music .
Responses in the [ pleasure centers ] [… ] were strongly correlated pointing to an association between dopamine release and [ the pleasure center ’s ] response to music . ”
See ( PDF )
The rewards of music listening : Response and physiological connectivity of the mesolimbic system .
Research has shown increased levels of dopamine , as well as increased activity in the pleasure centers when listening to music .
Fast Food ( High Fat , High Sugar Foods ) .
I discussed how food stimulates the pleasure centers .
High fat , high sugar foods were not a part of our natural environment – fast food is a man-made creation , and since we have not had time to evolve and adjust to this stimuli , they hyperstimulate the pleasure centers .
The levels of fat and sugar are so high in these foods that our body does not know how to respond , and so responds with extremely large rewards ( based on the extremely large energy content of the food ) .
David A. Kessler discusses this in his book The End of Overeating .
There are so many interesting things he discusses , and I wo n’t go into all of them right now – but I want to single out one section where he discusses how our brains are hyperstimulated by these foods : “ Just as a compulsive gambler ca n’t place a single bet and feel satisfied , many people ca n’t stop after a few bites of hyperpalatable food . [… ]
That ’s what the industry has engineered , with food built layer upon layer to stimulate our senses .
Foods high in sugar , fat , and salt [ … ] promote more of everything : more arousal , more thoughts of food , more urge to pursue food , more dopamine - stimulated approach behavior [ … ]
Hyperpalatable foods are hyperstimulants .
And when a stimulant produces a reward , we want more of it “
– Page 141 The End Of Overeating by David A. Kessler
Enjoy this article ?
You should Tweet This and share it with your friends
We now return you to the article you were previously reading : Personal Development Roadblocks : Pushing Pleasure Buttons .
OTTAWA - Despite recent insecurity , more than two hundred students at the Afghan - Canadian Community Center ( ACCC ) in Kandahar , Afghanistan graduated on November 2 , 2009 from a professional education program funded largely by the Canadian International Development Agency .
" Through the education and support provided by the Southern Alberta Institute of Technology , the Government of Canada and the Canadian people , the Center has given us hope for a better future , " said Class Valedictorian Bibi Zhilla , " Now it is our responsibility to share this precious gift with others in need . "
The ACCC provides professional education to approximately 1,000 students in Kandahar , more than half of them women .
A group of 30 students have had the opportunity to study Business Management with the Southern Alberta Institute of Technology ( SAIT ) via the Internet .
ACCC Director Ehsanullah Ehsan travelled to Calgary to receive an honourary degree from SAIT in June 2009 .
ACCC students had planned to accompany Ehsan during the trip , but were unable to do so for security reasons .
This group of students received graduation certificates from SAIT during this ceremony .
The ACCC was founded by Ehsan in early 2007 with the support of the Afghan School Project , which sponsors student scholarships and provides the Center with educational equipment , such as computers and textbooks .
The Project is managed by the Canadian International Learning Foundation ( CanILF ) , a registered Canadian charity .
The Foundation also provides Canadians with the opportunity to communicate with students in Kandahar via www.theafghanschool.org and an online Pen Pal program .
" We are incredibly proud of what our students have achieved under such difficult circumstances , " said Ryan Aldred , President of CanILF , " With the assistance of the Government of Canada , we have helped the people of Kandahar to create a vibrant and thriving school which has made a lasting difference in the lives of thousands of people . "
Several hundred students and graduates of the Afghan - Canadian Community Center have obtained long - term employment with local businesses and international organizations .
On average , each employed student provides economic support to more than seven family members .
We are committed to doing more than simply getting the maximum compensation for you .
We know how important it is for people to have the financial resources they need to help them deal with medical bills , lost wages and the other types of financial hits a serious injury can cause .
And with our extensive experience and litigation skills , we know how to secure the compensation people need .
But , more than that , we know how to treat people with the dignity and respect they deserve when they are going through tough times .
Let us put you and your needs first .
Sales of Sony's PSP Go , the disc- less version of the PlayStation Portable gaming console , got off to a low - key start in Japan on Sunday .
The handheld gaming device debuted in Japan a month after it hit store shelves in the U.S. and Europe , sold 28,275 units in its first day on sale , according to data from Enterbrain .
The company 's sales estimate is based on data from 3,500 computer game retailers in Japan .
The PSP has sold 1.7 million units in the year to Oct. 24 , putting average daily sales at 5,786 units until shortly before the PSP Go 's launch .
That puts the PSP Go's sales on Sunday at roughly five times average daily sales .
Other recent console refreshes , such as the PS3 slim and the PSP3000 , have boosted sales by a greater amount .
The start of sales of the PSP
Go did n't measure up to typical game hardware launches , with no major retailers opening their stores early to accommodate customers and stimulate demand .
The PSP
Go does away with the UMD storage medium in favor of downloads of new games over the network .
That has ruffled the features of some retailers in other countries because they wo n't benefit from game software sales once customers buy the device .
Last week Sony said sales of PlayStation Portable devices in the July to September quarter totaled 3 million worldwide , down from 3.2 million in the same period of 2008 .
For its April 2009 to March 2010 financial year the company expects to sell 15 million PlayStation Portable devices .
I was just recalling how , about a year ago , my country was swept up in a spasm of self - congratulation .
Not only had Barack Obama broken a seemingly insuperable historical barrier in winning the presidency , the media told us , but " we " had as well .
We had overcome centuries of gruesome history and proved to the world that America could live up to its promise .
The US press in those days duly reported but tended to downplay events that told the opposite story .
The footnote , for instance , that the white supremacist website stormfront.org temporarily went dead on 5 November , the day after the election , because it was so inundated with requests for membership .
And the tale about the Maine convenience store that started an " Osama Obama Shotgun Pool " inviting customers to bet on the date Obama would be shot , and saying : " Let 's hope we have a winner " .
These were treated as isolated events , and maybe they were .
The important thing was the people had spoken , and they 'd given proof that America was n't that kind of country any more .
A year later , we 've seen an epidemic of hatred against the president that I think is safe to call unprecedented .
Bill Clinton and George W Bush were hated – but not quite like this .
When we have a pastor , a real - live Baptist minister in Arizona , devoting a sermon to explaining why the president should " melt like a snail " ( and he was explicit – he meant Obama should be killed ) , we 've reached a new point .
Obama , it was reported over the summer , receives 30 death threats a day , three or four times the number issued against Bush .
And I think it can't be just a coincidence that you will almost never see him give a speech out of doors , the middle of a heavily guarded military base ( Fort Hood ) providing a recent and rare exception .
We 're not supposed to talk about race as a motivator for these kinds of things in this country .
There are some decent reasons why .
First , it 's said , the anger felt towards Obama – among the " tea party " contingent , for instance – is in the main ideological .
Let me be clear : I agree with this .
It is in the main ideological .
What a lot of the rest of us see as salvaging hundreds of thousands of jobs and averting a far deeper crisis by taking steps to bail out General Motors , Chrysler , Citigroup and Bank of America , they see as socialism .
Fine .
It 's a free country , as we like to say .
Second , race is hard to talk about because it 's unquantifiable .
If an incident occurs that looks as if it might be a hate crime but contains shadings of ambiguity , we can't say , " Well , that act had roots that were 61 % economic and 39 % racial " .
Likewise with Obama hatred .
And if something can't be measured , it 's hard even to argue about , let alone agree on .
And third , I do think it 's fair to say that , at this point in US history , most individuals are n't racist , at least in any blatant way .
Most white people , especially from middle age down , may have a black friend or two , or at least co-workers with whom they get along fine .
When conservatives complain that they feel they can't make criticisms of Obama without being called racist , they have a point , and on an individual level I have some sympathy with them .
But here 's the thing that most media discussions of race miss .
It has to do with the difference between the individual and the crowd .
The tea partiers are about 98 % white .
I went to the 12 September tea party march at the Capitol building .
I saw many thousands of people .
I spotted about a half dozen Asians , three or four Latinos , and one black person .
All the rest were white .
Look at the videos from the town halls over the summer .
Virtually all of the angry people are white .
Look , indeed , at the Republican party .
It 's almost entirely white .
Yes , Michael Steele , a black man , is its chairman .
But he was obviously a strategic and even cynical choice ( made after Obama was elected ) and was not culled from the ranks of numerous available black Republicans , because in truth there are hardly any .
Add to this the fact that it is a central article of faith for American conservatism that the whole business of diversity is nothing but a racket , forced on them by liberal elites .
I can't think of one measure meant to ameliorate America 's hideous history of racial discrimination that conservatives have supported .
Literally not one , in the 50 years we 've been trying them .
This is the Obama - hating crowd .
It 's deeply conservative , and it 's about 98 % white .
And the thing about crowds is that they develop a personality of their own that is not merely the sum of individual parts .
A crowd is an organism that grows in its own way and tends to be led and excited by its extremes .
It can mutate into being racist without many or even most of the individuals in it being so .
It can be a danger , as we 're often reminded , to overstate these things without that magical " proof " we 're always looking for .
But the greater danger rests in understating them .
Americans resist overstatement because we want to reassure ourselves we 're a good country at heart .
But history has more often proved on this topic that we 're not .
We 'd do well not to forget that .
Censorship of Japanese Films During the U.S. Occupation of Japan explains the basics of occupation era censorship , gives an interesting interpretation of Ozu , but offers quite little in terms of new Kurosawa scholarship .
Somewhat recommended .
Lars - Martin Sorensen ’s new book , Censorship of Japanese Films During the U.S. Occupation of Japan : The Cases of Yasujiro Ozu and Akira Kurosawa , is the latest English language Kurosawa book to make its way to the bookshops on the eve of 2010 , Kurosawa ’s centenary year .
Sorensen is a Danish postdoctoral Film & Media Studies research fellow from the University of Copenhagen , and may be familiar to many readers from the video essay that he recorded for Criterion ’s Drunken Angel .
Censorship of Japanese Films is a revised version of the author ’s PhD dissertation .
It is consequently fairly academic in its delivery , which among other things means that it has a relatively well defined thesis that it defends throughout , giving the book a comparatively good , solid structure that makes it easy to read .
This thesis argues that the typical “ good winners , good losers ” narrative , which sees the Japanese as having graciously accepted their defeat in World War II , is faulty , and that visible rebellion against the occupying Americans can be found , including in the films released during the occupation .
The book consequently sets out to show exactly how directors like Ozu and Kurosawa managed to smuggle in anti-occupation sentiments despite the ongoing censorship .
The book begins with Stephen Prince ‘s foreword , which is just over two pages in length and pretty much works as an overall description of the contents .
It could in fact have been shortened and printed on the back cover , which now only includes a picture of the author and the publisher ’s logo .
In his own introductory chapter ( pages 1- 33 ) , Sorensen notes that earlier English language film criticism has had the tendency to treat Japanese films as “ text ” , therefore “ ignor[ing ] the active meaning - making process of the contemporary audience ” ( 8 ) .
Sorensen calls for an approach which is more centred on the question how the intended contemporary audiences may have received and interpreted the works .
In addition to this overall approach , Sorensen references reception theory , cognitive film theory and cognitive philosophy , concluding that “ the theoretical and methodological basis of this work rests on socio- cognitive theory ” ( 10 - 11 ) .
Now , as the book is basically a dissertation , and therefore a text whose primary purpose at the time of writing must have been to earn the author his doctorate , there is some amount of what could be called “ academic exhibitionism ” , or referencing of theoretical and scientific frameworks that could well have been left out had Sorensen not needed to quite so overtly display his knowledge of the subjects discussed .
Fortunately this abundance of theories , as so often is the case , is by and large limited to the introductory chapter , and if the mentioned theories are actually put into practice later on , it is done without much fanfare or notice of the fact ( and I actually have some background in socio - cognitive theories ) .
All in all , the book therefore reads well , is never dry or drowned in empty academic complexities , and the discussion is pleasantly easy to follow in spite of supposedly resting on specific theoretical frameworks .
Chapter two ( pages 35 - 83 ) sets out to compile the profile of an average Japanese post - war film goer , or “ Moe-san ” .
Sorensen references a handful of contemporary studies that give interesting data about the age and sex distribution of audiences of the era : for instance , we get to know that a study conducted in 1950 found that a total of 82 % of film goers in Tokyo were 16 - 30 years of age , and that 16 - 25 year old men and women were equally active film goers , but from older audiences men were the majority .
( 37 )
Other surveys tell us that more than half of the film goers were either students or company employees ( the number of unemployed film goers declined as years passed and the economy grew ) , although data from rural areas is somewhat lacking .
( 37 - 38 )
As most film goers belonged to a relatively narrow profile group , this gives Sorensen an excellent opportunity to draw a more in - depth picture of Moe-san ; his or her educational background , overall wartime experiences , as well as relationship with the media can all , argues Sorensen , be reconstructed based on the film goers ’ average age .
While the result is certainly a very generic picture ( and Sorensen never pretends his profiling to be more than that ) , this exercise is extremely interesting for someone like me who has often asked the question what the target audience of Japanese post - war films may have been like , but has had no way of answering that question .
Although there is only so much that Sorensen can do within the space given , I would for this chapter alone recommend Censorship of Japanese Films for anyone interested in post - war Japanese cinema .
Chapter three ( pages 85 - 112 ) moves onto the actual censorship , explaining the dual system of film censorship that took place under the American Occupation , where work was divided – not always smoothly , Sorensen tells us – between the two separate bureaucratic bodies of Civil Information & Education Section ( pre-production censorship ) and Civil Censorship Detachment ( post - production censorship ) .
The chapter ends with a brief look at Japanese censorship after the Occupation , which continued to be heavily influenced by Occupation time practices .
In hindsight , I would have liked this chapter to be longer and more detailed .
In fact , considering the book ’s title , I feel that this chapter should have been the centre piece of the book , yet Sorensen gives it surprisingly little space , and consequently the reader is left without fully understanding the day - to - day workings of the two censorship bodies .
In my view , this chapter could therefore easily have done with more historical examples and anecdotes of censorship practices to better illustrate the system .
It would also have been helpful had Sorensen better described the state of the censorship documents today , where they are kept , in what kind of conditions , and how much scholarly work has actually been done on them , both in Japan and abroad .
Now , all these questions remain unanswered .
Chapter four ( pages 113 - 181 ) turns to Yasujiro Ozu .
Sorensen starts the chapter by giving us a brief introduction to earlier Ozu criticism , and then suggests that “ [ t ] wo aspects of Ozu ’s works go almost entirely unnoticed and unmentioned ” by earlier writers , namely “ that Ozu ’s occupation films were censored by the CI&E and the CCD ” and that Ozu “ appears to have engaged in a sustained effort to problematize and / or criticize the impact of westernization on Japanese society ” .
( 117 ) This is a statement that Sorensen is , in my view , able to back fairly well , and all in all the Ozu chapter is very interesting reading even for someone like me who has only a relatively superficial knowledge of the director and his ( major ) works .
Although the chapter focuses primarily on Ozu ’s 1949 film Late Spring , a good number of other wartime and post - war projects are also given a treatment , primarily with the intention of helping with the interpretation of Late Spring , which Sorensen claims to be the most interesting of Ozu ’s post - war films , as it on the first look appears to comply with the occupation censorship ’s recommendations , but on a closer look does not actually do so .
The approach here appears thorough , and Sorensen certainly looks at Late Spring from several angles , considering censorship documents , individual drafts , as well as films and unfilmed scripts preceding Late Spring , in addition to a typical close reading of the film itself .
In fact , going through Sorensen ’s treatment of Ozu gave me the impression that Ozu ’s body of work is highly interconnected , with later films referencing earlier ones on both concrete and metaphorical levels .
If Sorensen is right , these works perhaps cannot be fully appreciated without a fairly holistic approach like the one employed here .
The chapter also gains tremendously from observations derived from the censorship archives , including notes pencilled by censors on the synopses and drafts submitted by Ozu .
Chapter five , the longest of the book ’s six chapters ( pages 183-305 ) , sets to do with Kurosawa what the preceding chapter did with Ozu .
The Kurosawa that Sorensen describes is a director who collaborated with wartime Japanese censors and created pro-war propaganda works ( especially through his scripts for other directors ) , while further associating himself with wartime ideals through many of his predominantly nationalistic friends .
Once the war ends and the American occupation begins , Kurosawa – or so Sorensen argues – makes films that criticise the Americans and draws inspiration from the pre-war days and nationalistic ideals .
I have two problems with this assessment .
One is that Sorensen is not able to provide enough hard data to back up his claims , interesting as they may be .
Moreover , and even more importantly , I feel that Sorensen looks at Kurosawa from too polarised an angle , interpreting criticism of post - war changes as Kurosawa being anti-American and pro-tradition , rather than simply questioning the types of changes that were being made and wondering whether better alternatives might exist .
Sorensen also argues , despite Kurosawa ’s own account to the contrary ( see Kurosawa ’s autobiography , p.144 ) , that Kurosawa had more problems with occupation censors than he had had with the wartime Japanese ones , and that the director was consequently in constant conflict with the Americans .
Yet , Sorensen is unable to produce any significant documentary proof for this claim , and is then furthermore forced to suggest that some of Kurosawa ’s supposedly anti-American films made it through censorship solely because of internal confusion in the bureaus .
In addition to a general overview of Kurosawa ’s occupation films , Sorensen has chosen four of Kurosawa ’s post - war films for detailed discussion : No Regrets for our Youth ( 26 pages ) , Drunken Angel ( 35 pages ) , Stray Dog ( 15 pages ) and Rashomon ( 21 pages ) .
Many other Kurosawa films are also referred to in the discussion , some of which only in passing , others in more detail .
Considering Sorensen ’s chosen topic , his scope and selection of films is good .
Sorensen ’s treatment of No Regrets for our Youth attacks typical approaches to the work , which tend to describe the film as a “ democratization film ” .
Sorensen ’s own take is that the movie is in fact quite critical of the then - ongoing political and educational changes .
His arguments are interesting , yet not always entirely convincing .
Meanwhile , no censorship records unfortunately appear to exist for the film , giving us very little idea what the actual discourse with the censorship bodies may have been .
The following section on Drunken Angel is more interesting , and is much helped by existing censorship records that Sorensen peruses .
Yet , I cannot really say that Sorensen here either convinces me with his take on the film , which argues for an anti-American interpretation , with westernised gangsters and traditional values .
In his view , Drunken Angel is also an example where American censors in unintentionally made the film more anti-American through the changes that they requested , especially due to the change of ending .
Sorensen furthermore feels a strange need to quite prominently argue against the typical view of Drunken Angel as the first film where Kurosawa was able to realise his own vision ( following Kurosawa ’s comment in Richie , p.47 : “ It was my picture .
I was doing it and no one else . ” ) , insisting that with the presence of Kurosawa ’s co-writer Uekusa , all the meddling by censors , and Mifune ’s focus - shifting tour - de - force performance , “ this film was not ‘ only made by Kurosawa ' ” ( 270 ) , as if any film could be the work of just one man .
Sorensen ’s treatment of Stray Dog continues the search for Kurosawa ’s alleged anti-American sentiments .
Now , while Sorensen ’s interpretations of Kurosawa ’s films are throughout the book strongly influenced by Mitsuhiro Yoshimoto ’s Kurosawa : Film Studies and Japanese Cinema , this chapter is particularly indebted to the work .
Sorensen takes Yoshimoto ’s treatment as his starting point , and then asks the vital question how much of the textual references an average film goer of the era could have picked .
This is a good question , but one that Sorensen does not necessarily fully answer .
He does , however , offer a few additional observations about the film ’s textual pattern as well as a few notes about the film ’s history with the censors , but ultimately the section on Stray Dog has fairly few truly new insights .
The book ’s chapter on Kurosawa concludes with an interpretation of Rashomon , which is perhaps the most interesting and convincing of Sorensen ’s takes on Kurosawa .
Sorensen first notes that the character of Tajomaru can be seen as “ a sort of oni , or ogre , of Japanese folklore , which has often been interpreted as a representation of the foreigner ” ( 296 ; quoting Davidson ) .
What this can potentially mean becomes clear a few pages later when Sorensen introduces the Japanese word rashamen , which is a derogatory term used for Japanese women who are mistresses to foreign men .
As Sorensen points out , it was no secret that many American soldiers had such mistresses ; in fact , in 1946 “ roughly 40 % … had a Japanese girlfriend while stationed in Japan ” .
( 300 ) Sorensen also goes on to note that according to the Japanese film critic Tadao Sato , “ the reality of the rashamen gave name to a subgenre in the postwar years of films that treated relationships between Japanese women and American men : the ‘ rashamen genre ' ” .
( 300 ) The idea of Rashomon as a ‘ rashamen film ’ would certainly cast new light onto the rape / seduction scene at the centre of the story , while also giving an explanation why Kurosawa insisted on building the Rashomon gate in the first place ( which , as Sorensen notes , is as if hit by a bomb ) .
Sorensen ’s chapter on Kurosawa therefore ends on a high note .
Still , one relatively big problem with the chapter as a whole is that it ultimately has very little direct material connection with censorship , and has far more to do with Sorensen ’s underlying argument that Kurosawa ’s works were inherently anti-American , and therefore anti-censorship .
It consequently seems to me that this chapter is somewhat misplaced in a book about censorship practices in Japan , and would rather belong to a book with more generic interpretations of Kurosawa ’s works .
The chapter on Kurosawa also includes a number of small factual errors , such as calling Ishiro Honda “ Inoshiro Honda ” , claiming that Kagemusha was Honda ’s last collaboration with Kurosawa ( 198 ) , or noting that the only generally available English friendly release of No Regrets for Our Youth is the poor quality Mei Ah version ( 210 ) , although Criterion ’s release ( from the Postwar Kurosawa box set ) has been available for almost two years now .
It is possible that this last mentioned bit was written before the Criterion box set was announced , but considering that the book was published just now , this would have warranted at least a footnote , as now it gives the impression that Sorensen has not done his homework , casting doubt on other claims that I have no way of cross-checking .
Speaking of errors , the book could also have done with an extra round of proof - reading , as many typographical , typesetting and language errors remain on the pages .
These are never troublesome enough to become a real problem for the reader , but I did have to start a few sentences more than once before realising that the reason why the sentence seemed funny was because of a missing or misplaced glyph .
What is somewhat more disappointing than the occasional typo is that not all of the sources mentioned in Sorensen ’s footnotes appear to be listed in the book ’s bibliography .
What follows the Kurosawa chapter is the book ’s concluding chapter ( 307-324 ) , which summarises the discussion , while also briefly touching new topics .
My own conclusion is that the strongest parts of Censorship of Japanese Films are the ones where Sorensen deals with documentary evidence , and as such I would have liked to have seen more discussion of the censorship system itself .
Many of Sorensen ’s film interpretations meanwhile seem somewhat too eager to jump into preferred conclusions , tempting as those conclusions may appear .
In summary , I would definitely recommend Censorship of Japanese Films During the U.S. Occupation of Japan : The Cases of Yasujiro Ozu and Akira Kurosawa to anyone interested in post - war Japanese cinema and contemporary censorship .
To my untrained eye , the chapter on Ozu also seems very well written .
As for the book ’s Kurosawa criticism , there are certainly occasional gems in there , but there is also much of what has already been said elsewhere , and a fair amount of what I personally deem somewhat weak argumentation ( but as always , this may well mean that I simply fail to understand ) .
Consequently , if price is an issue and Kurosawa is your sole reason for considering this book , I would perhaps wait for a cheaper paperback edition , which will hopefully see a publication sooner or later ( there are no guarantees , of course ) .
But if price is not an issue and you want to keep your Kurosawa collection complete , Sorensen ’s book is certainly not only a must - have , but also capable of igniting discussion .
Lars - Martin Sorensen ’s Censorship of Japanese Films During the U.S. Occupation of Japan : The Cases of Yasujiro Ozu and Akira Kurosawa is now available in bookstores , including Amazon.com ( $ 119.95 ) and Amazon.co.uk ( £ 74.95 ) .
If you have read the book , drop a line or two in the comments section to let others know what your opinion of it is , and whether you agree with anything that I have written here !
SYRACUSE , N.Y. -- Christopher Johnson and Laurence Ekperigin hooted and hollered as they skipped off Jim Boeheim Court , huge smiles creasing their faces and seemingly as stunned as the Orange at what had just transpired .
Johnson scored 17 of his 22 points in the second half , including a 3 - pointer with 8.3 seconds remaining , and Division II Le Moyne stunned No. 25 Syracuse 82-79 in an exhibition game Tuesday night .
" We 've got an experienced group , " Le Moyne head coach Steve Evans said .
" Did we ever think that a day like this would happen ?
Probably not .
But we put together a game plan .
We did n't want to play Syracuse 's way .
We wanted to play our way .
It was just one of those days for Le Moyne basketball .
The kids will remember this forever . "
Wes Johnson , who led Syracuse with 34 points , hit a 3 from the left corner to put Syracuse ahead 79 - 78 with 22 seconds left .
Then Christopher Johnson responded with his sixth 3 - pointer of the game , which came from the left side after Syracuse 's Kris Joseph backed off defensively .
" We were sort of out of whack a little bit , " Christopher Johnson said .
" Everyone was rushing .
But as soon as I caught the ball , I saw an opening and I just let it fly .
Luckily , it went in . "
After Wes Johnson missed a 3 , Can Ozkaner added a free throw with 1.3 seconds left for Le Moyne and Syracuse had its first preseason exhibition loss since a setback against the Harlem Globetrotters six years ago .
" Le Moyne really outplayed us from the beginning of the game to the end , " Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim said .
" They [ the Orange ] are very , very young mentally .
They really have got to grow up .
We could n't stop them on the dribble .
That 's something we 've been looking at in practice . "
Ekperigin had 20 points and 11 rebounds , Damani Corbin had 11 points and five assists and Kevin Roth added 10 points for Le Moyne , which outscored Syracuse 42 - 30 in the paint .
Andy Rautins had 13 points and Rick Jackson finished with 10 points and eight rebounds for the Orange , who led 47 - 37 early in the second half .
But the Dolphins , who play across town , never let down .
Three 3s by Christopher Johnson helped narrow the gap and a three - point play by Ekperigin gave Le Moyne a 56 - 55 lead with 8:41 remaining .
The Dolphins , who repeatedly took advantage of Syracuse 's man - to - man defense with drives and back - door cuts , went up 76 - 71 after Ekperigin converted a lob from Corbin with 57.9 seconds left and held on .
" It 's very disappointing , " said Wes Johnson , in his first season after transferring from Iowa State .
" Hopefully , we can learn from this and move in the right direction . "
" It 's just embarrassing the way we played , " said Rautins , born and raised in Syracuse .
" It 's embarrassing to ourselves and our fans .
It was n't luck that they won .
They came out and beat us fair and square . "
Evans said he was n't really looking forward to reading and watching the news on Wednesday .
" I feel bad that the story tomorrow will be , ' What 's wrong with Syracuse basketball ? '
I do n't think there 's anything wrong , " he said .
" They 've got tremendous players .
It 's an exhibition game .
They 're young .
They 're going to be terrific . "
The weather was beautiful as I headed out with a friend to the trailhead one afternoon .
My hiking backpack loaded with snacks , water and medical supplies was on my back , and a light breeze coasted over the mountains
We parked on a sleepy little side street , applied our sunscreen and entered the trail marked by dirty pink ribbons .
After climbing sideways through a few switchbacks we made it onto a small clearing .
We could see the ocean , mountains in the distance , and our destination straight ahead : the summit at the end of the trail .
The Peak Ahead
From where we were standing the peak appeared to be an hour or two of solid hiking .
There was a small forest at the base of the hill we would need to climb – and along the way we would face elephant grass , cactus , rocks and good old fashioned heat : there was no shade anywhere once the clouds gave way .
Undaunted , we set our sights on the peak ahead and started hiking .
After hiking most of the way the obstacles we had encountered started taking their toll – our arms and legs were ( and actually still are ) scraped up from the elephant grass , thorny plants , rocks and the occasional branch or tree stump .
With sweat in our eyes and vog ( volcanic fog ) scratching our throats we trudged forward making steady progress .
A Rough Patch
We came across a portion of the trail that looked particularly difficult and taxing – a brutal , steep hill climb through some dense , tall elephant grass .
We were sure to get cut up , likely get lost inside it , and there was no way that any wind was penetrating that thick grass forest .
Just standing next to it we could feel the heat emanating out of the grass .
It was a short section , but uncomfortable and difficult .
We were unenthusiastic about conquering this section of the trail , so we took a step back and surveyed our options :
To the left , a steep fall off the ridge and certain doom .
To the right : a steep fall of the ridge into cactus plants , certain pain , and uncertain doom .
Straight ahead – suffering , but hopefully eventual triumph
There was only one way that we could reach our goal : we had to climb through that elephant grass hill .
It was either that or retreat .
After gathering our breath , we buckled down and began to push through the grass .
It took a a very long time – we could see the ribbons marking the trail ahead in the distance , and every step required concerted effort and ( optional ) grunting and yelling .
Finally I punched my hand through the last of the grass , grabbed some tree trunks and pulled myself up the last few feet of the hill – the salt from my sweat burning in my scrapes .
After crossing the elephant grass forest , everything else was easy and we reached the peak at the end of the trail .
Along the way I remember thinking at that particularly taxing section :
This is the bridge – and I must cross it .
This Is The Bridge – And I Must Cross It
That phrase has helped me through some difficult challenges in my life .
Just as we had to choose what we wanted to do when faced with the thick elephant grass forest , in life we often come across situations that really only have two options :
Retreat and accept failure
Realize that this is the bridge – and that we must cross it .
I define a bridge as any type of experience or path that will take me from where I am to where I want to go – or need to be .
Very often I ’ve seen friends and colleagues see a bridge in front of them , and then get stuck .
They know it ’s there , but are afraid ( or simply in denial ) of the chasm that exists .
I think part of this is because they do n’t realize that a bridge is just that – a connection .
It ’s a temporary situation , but one that must be endured to get to the other side .
I approach bridges with the mentality of “ This too shall pass ” – the difference being that we choose to put ourselves in situations that I call bridges .
In my life I ’ve encountered a few difficult situations – but simply realizing that I had come to a bridge , and needed to cross it , has made all the difference .
Crossing My Bridges
Here are two example of bridges I ’ve encountered in my life – where I could have retreated , but chose to instead push forward .
Lifting Weights In College
When I entered college , I weighed 114.5 lbs – at 5 ’ 11 .
I decided I wanted to gain some muscle , and convinced some of my friends to come down to the gym to lift weights with me .
When we got there , I learned that I was much weaker than all of them , and significantly less muscular than all the college athletes also training in the gym .
I was a little intimidated and considered giving up on weight training , or perhaps put it off until later – and that ’s when I realized I had come to a bridge – and I had to cross it .
Until I gained muscle I would always be the smallest guy in the gym .
I decided I could either give up , or just accept the feeling of awkwardness & discomfort – and cross this bridge .
So I continued to go to the gym , in spite of my awkwardness .
One of the regulars there , Jarius gave me some advice and helped show me proper form .
Another friend of mine , Justin , helped to keep me motivated and we discussed nutrition .
It was a slog , but eventually I was no longer out of place in the gym – I felt like I belonged .
Making New Friends
In Los Angeles
I moved to Los Angeles in 2003 , and I knew only a handful of people there .
After being there for a little while I started to feel a little homesick , and missed my friends and family .
I considered moving back home – and that ’s when I again realized I had come to a bridge – and I had to cross it .
I could either retreat back to the safety of home , or I could push through the awkwardness of learning my surroundings and making new friends .
It was a temporary situation that I could change if I chose to .
So I did – I stepped out of my comfort zone , and for the first time met random people through Craig ’s list .
I actively organized social events , and made friends with strangers everywhere .
I have always loved the culture and music of big cities , but by the time I left Los Angeles I enjoyed that as well as a healthy social circle – cultivated one person at a time through music , tennis , running and networking events .
Neither of the above two cases were easy for me – I had to work hard to get from where I was to where I wanted to be .
The important thing I realized however is that in each case , I was simply on a bridge – and had to make steady , dedicated progress to get to where I needed to be .
As long as we continue to put one foot in front of the other , we ’ll eventually cross our bridges .
Progress Is All You Need
Oftentimes when discussing goals and motivation we ’ll talk about peaks and valleys – times when we are very motivated , and times when our motivation and passion fades .
I think that one mistake we make however ( and I do this as well ) is believing that our progress with our goals is tied to the way we feel .
We believe that when we are highly motivated and feeling great that things are progressing quickly – and they often are .
Conversely when things are difficult , we feel less motivated , and it feels like very little progress is being made due to obstacles we encounter on the way .
We think that we ’ve hit a valley , and get discouraged .
This is where I think a change of perspective is in order , because against difficult obstacles , sometimes slow progress is the only kind of progress you can make .
Instead of viewing difficult situations as a valley , I mentally change my perspective and tell myself this is a bridge – a crossing , and that going through this is the only path to the other side , so I might as well get on with it .
Our progress through the elephant grass was much slower than walking through a golf course fairway , but nobody would expect us to go any faster .
So when things get difficult , and progress slows , I like to step back and see what I ’m doing wrong – and in some cases , there is nothing I ’m doing wrong – it ’s just the nature of the task at hand .
That ’s when I remind myself that :
I am responsible for everything I want in my life
I ’m still making progress .
This is the bridge – and I must cross it .
Enjoy this article ?
You should Tweet This and share it with your friends , or feel free to share it however you like using this shortened link :
http://j.mp/cross-bridges
Further Reading :
PALO ALTO , Calif .
On the hour they come , great clouds of cyclists pulsing between classes along the street called Serra Mall  the main axis of Stanford University  like so many slowly charged particles in a physics experiment .
Campus is flat enough  and large enough  and the weather so brilliant that nearly everyone cycles .
And whoever all these cyclists are , as individuals , their individuality is burnished by the bikes they ride and by the way they ride them .
It ’s as though the bikes are only partly transportation , as though they were really machines for differentiation .
And what aids the differencing is that few people wear helmets , and everyone is wearing ordinary clothes  none of the sleek and gaudy costumes you see on cyclists pumping through the peninsular hills and whistling down Sand Hill Road to the Caltrain station .
They are themselves on wheels .
There is a deeply pleasing randomness about the campus cyclists , as though one morning university officials had assigned a bicycle to every member of the Stanford community , come as you are , without considering for a moment matters of fit  or fitness .
Trust , but verify
Self - confident code does not ask questions about the data given to it .
It enforces validity , asserts that its expectations are met , or ignores data which is n’t up to its standards .
Previously we ’ve looked at some methods for enforcement , using fetch ( ) and Array ( ) .
Today I want to talk about the second tactic , assertions .
Assertions and contracts get comparatively little attention in the Ruby world .
I ’m not sure why that is .
Some might say that pervasive unit - testing has rendered contract - checking redundant or less important than it is in less test - infected programming communities .
Or even that TDD and assertions represent opposing philosophies of how to address correctness in software .
I disagree ; I think that the two techniques are complementary .
The pragmatic essence of code assertions is the idea of failing fast .
Most violations of a contract will eventually result in an error ; the question is , how far away from the original contract violation will the exception be raised ?
And will the expectation which was n’t satisfied be clearly marked ?
The advantages of assertions are more than theoretical .
Studies of software projects have shown that projects which employ assertions tend to have fewer defects .
Assertions need not use an elaborate Design by Contract framework ( although such libraries do exist for Ruby ) .
They do n’t even have to use the word “ assert ” .
Here ’s an idiom I like to use in methods which receive an “ options ” hash :
def initialize ( options={} ) @color = options .
delete( : color ) { " chartreuse " } @flavor = options .
delete( : flavor ) { " bacony " } @texture = options .
delete( : texture ) { " squamous " } raise " Unknown options # {options.keys.join ( ' , ') } " if !options.empty ?
end
The last line of the method guards against the not - uncommon scenario of a misspelled option key .
It ’s an assertion even though there ’s no assert ( ) in sight .
Ruby does not come with its own assert ( ) method , but implementing one of your own is a trivial exercise :
def assert ( condition , message = " Assertion failed " ) raise Exception , message unless condition end
The only thing notable about this code is that we raise Exception explicitly , rather than some derivative of it such as RuntimeError .
Assertion violations are by definition indicative of an error in the code , which means we should give the program little opportunity to rescue the exception and continue .
By raising Exception , we ensure the error will bypass default rescue clauses .
begin assert ( " black " == " white " , " Zebra attack ! " ) rescue nil end # raises " Zebra attack ! " despite the rescue
It ’s possible to go overboard with assertions .
Specifying every nitpicky detail about your inputs can lead to brittle , hard - to - test code and violates the spirit of dynamic typing .
But used judiciously they can help to document expectations , keep yourself and your API consumers honest , and reduce time spent debugging errors .
Some guidelines for using assertions effectively :
Assert at module boundaries .
Do n’t pepper every internal method with assertions .
Instead , use them as gatekeepers between modules .
Especially use them where your code interacts with a third - party API to document and validate your beliefs about how that API works .
This can greatly help your learning process as you get the hang of an unfamiliar library , as well as alerting you to changes introduced by new versions of the third - party code .
Only use assertions where coercion / enforcement is not an option .
If it is possible to coerce a value into what you need , or to provide a sensible default for a missing value , prefer those approaches to making assertions .
Do n’t assert exact types .
Idiomatic Ruby does n’t care about an object ’s class ; only that it supports the needed protocol ( methods ) .
Prefer value comparisons to respond_to ? ( ) checks , respond_to ? ( ) checks to kind_of ? ( ) , and kind_of ? ( ) to instance_of ? ( ) .
assert(s.instance_of ?( String ) ) # bad assert ( s.kind_of ?( String ) ) # better assert ( s.respond_to ?( : downcase ) ) # better assert (s =~ /[ [ : alnum ] ]
{6,20} / ) # best
Finally , if you like the idea of using more assertions in your code , you might be interested in FailFast , a gem I wrote which provides a number convenience methods for concise assertion checking .
by Aengus Cargo
Mr. President , Mr. Vice President , Speaker Pelosi , Majority Leader Reid , Senator Bennet , Senator Udall , Representative DeGette :
As we all know , the nation has been alive with discourse of all flavors over the current state of the health care system and the insurance industry .
Recently , Senator Baucus has brought forth his proposal , dubbed by some critics ( rightly so , in my opinion ) the “ Insurance Industry Profit Protection and Enhancement Act . ”
Please listen :
The very reason we need the government to intervene is because millions of us have a Sword of Damocles hanging over our heads .
Private industry has already proven that it cannot be trusted to look out for its bottom line and simultaneously safeguard and maintain the health of the American people , even if some of us are misguidedly rallying in the streets against our interests at the urgings of their preferred Chicken Littles of media and industry .
It is my belief that what needs to be accomplished is the affirmation of every American citizen ’s right to a basic level of health , security and well - being above a private company ’s right to make a profit , which it currently does in part by conveniently discounting and disregarding its customers ’ human rights at its whims .
Private insurers need to know , as my mother would say , that “ your rights stop where another one ’s starts . ”
Legislation that hands millions of new customers directly over to health insurers , who have made clear that they give their profit motives precedence over honoring their commitments to their policyholders , sometimes with deadly consequences , is simply a conversion of taxpayer money into more income for the industry and a tacit acceptance of its horrific business practices .
As a taxpayer , I have no qualms about the cost of health care reform –I consider it our duty to one another as citizens , as a community , and as a nation .
How do you think it looks when Washington puts us all further in hock frivolously throwing money down the toilets of the banking industry , tax cuts for the rich , and Iraq , to cite a few recent examples ( our last president tried to flush Social Security as well ) , and then tries to tell us that we ’re not entitled to a health care system that wo n’t be tainted by continued rewards to an industry with no reservations about flipping us the middle finger and leaving us for dead when we dare get sick ?
Why are regular people being taught to accept the ever - growing obligations to war , to creditors , and to failed industry , and at the same time not to make an across - the - board investment in one another as this nation ’s human capital : workers ; thinkers ; doers ; entrepreneurs ; taxpayers ; human beings ?
I am free to help pay your medical bills , and those of my grandparents , and for those of us in states of extraordinary need , but not for a system that ’s going to be there for me , free from the tentacles and inflated costs of private interests , even if I do n’t have the right job , the right friends , a trust fund , a winning Powerball ticket , or the good fortune to remain healthy and free of accidents between now , at the age of 29 , and my 65th birthday , should I find myself again without income or coverage ?
Is continued corporate captivity the thanks we are going to get from our representatives for supporting them with our votes and paying for their salaries , benefits and pension plans ?
We not only sacrifice our own salaries , benefits and pension plans ( and for many of us , our homes ) for others ’ bad decisions and greed , but now we can expect to be groomed to accept some compromise from Capitol Hill that may or may not improve our lives while the jackpots continue to flow upward ?
A hostile climate has been created for every working person in this country .
We have been told for years by the powerful , privileged and obscenely well - compensated that we are going to have to do things like “ tighten our belts ” and “ weather the storm ” ( or , as some have called it , the “ rough patch ” ) .
We ’ve individually and collectively been subjected to repeated assaults on our financial well - being , our employment opportunities , our civil rights , our health and our futures by an ever more demanding section of the population so far insulated from what we are truly facing .
One can turn on the television and at any given time watch a politician , executive , “ industry expert ” or news reporter talk about our right to access affordable health care , even though they themselves would never fathom or accept such treatment , as though United States citizens were no better than numbers on a balance sheet or some rogue band of freeloaders trying to burgle the upper class .
We all know who is really being burgled .
Let me tell you something : I do n’t care to hear what anybody in a position of privilege has to say unless they have truly done their homework or they have first - hand life experience to back it up .
I do n’t care if some insurance executive is going to have to postpone the construction of his exact replica of the M.C. Hammer mansion in Dubai if he does n’t get some additional payoff from the American public .
I ’ve got skin in the game here , too , and you and the rest of our representatives have the opportunity to come through with flying colors for me and for my fellow citizens .
We ’re all counting on you , even those of us who do n’t know it or wo n’t admit it because it would n’t fit their politics or their way of thinking to do so .
We as Americans need to join the rest of the West in providing each other , across income , party and racial lines , with a guarantee of basic care not as some so - called “ middle - class entitlement , ” as I have heard wafting condescendingly out of the windpipes of more than one multimillionaire , but as a long - overdue recognition of our needs and our rights , and perhaps the making of amends over the treatment so many of us have endured from entities that have been allowed growing and crippling control over the quality , course , and length , of our lives .
If a strong stand is not ultimately taken on our behalf , it will be a damning and ominous indicator of what this country truly thinks of me , my neighbors , my family , my friends , and the rest of my fellow citizens .
I implore you : Keep an irrevocable public option on the table and stick to your guns on it .
To be blunt , some of your colleagues absolutely will do their best to beat you over the head with whatever you do , so you might as well make it worth doing in the first place and roll with the punches so that we , as a nation , will come out better for it .
I do n’t want something for nothing , as the elites would put it –I want something better for what I have put in and will continue to put in , and the people of this nation have more than paid for it in service to their employers , their families , their communities , their country–and some with their lives .
Thank you ,
A. N. Cargo
Denver , Colorado ( CO - 01 )
Different types of terrorism have been defined by lawmakers , security professionals , and scholars .
Types differ according to what kind of attack agents an attacker uses ( biological , for example ) or by what they are trying to defend ( as in ecoterrorism ) .
Researchers in the United States began to distinguish different types of terrorism in the 1970s , following a decade in which both domestic and international groups flourished .
By that point , modern groups had begun to use techniques such as hijacking , bombing , diplomatic kidnapping , and assassination to assert their demands and , for the first time , they appeared as real threats to Western democracies , in the view of politicians , lawmakers , law enforcement and researchers .
They began to distinguish different types of terrorism as part of the larger effort to understand how to counter and deter it .
Here is a comprehensive list of types of terrorism , with links to more information , examples , and definitions .
State Terrorism
Many definitions of terrorism restrict it to acts by non-state actors .
But it can also be argued that states can , and have , been terrorists .
State terrorists can use force or the threat of force , without declaring war , to terrorize citizens and achieve a political goal .
Germany under Nazi rule has been described in this way .​
It has also been argued that states participate in international terrorism , often by proxy .
The United States considers Iran the most prolific sponsor of terrorism because Iran arms groups , such as Hizballah , that help carry out its foreign policy objectives .
The United States has also been called a terrorist , for example through its covert sponsorship of Nicaraguan Contras in the 1980s .
Bioterrorism Bioterrorism refers to the intentional release of toxic biological agents to harm and terrorize civilians , in the name of a political or other cause .
The U.S. Center for Disease Control has classified the viruses , bacteria , and toxins that could be used in an attack .
Category A Biological Diseases are those most likely to do the most damage .
They include : Anthrax ( Bacillus anthracis )
Botulism ( Clostridium botulinum toxin )
The Plague ( Yersinia pestis )
Smallpox ( Variola major )
Tularemia ( Francisella tularensis )
Hemorrhagic fever , due to Ebola Virus or Marburg Virus
Cyberterrorism Cyberterrorists use information technology to attack civilians and draw attention to their cause .
This may mean that they use information technology , such as computer systems or telecommunications , as a tool to orchestrate a traditional attack .
More often , cyberterrorism refers to an attack on information technology itself in a way that would radically disrupt networked services .
For example , cyber terrorists could disable networked emergency systems or hack into networks housing critical financial information .
There is wide disagreement over the extent of the existing threat by ​cyber terrorists .
Ecoterrorism Ecoterrorism is a recently coined term describing violence in the interests of environmentalism .
In general , environmental extremists sabotage property to inflict economic damage on industries or actors they see as harming animals or the natural environment .
These have included fur companies , logging companies , and animal research laboratories , for example .
Nuclear Terrorism
Nuclear terrorism refers to a number of different ways nuclear materials might be exploited as a terrorist tactic .
These include attacking nuclear facilities , purchasing nuclear weapons , or building nuclear weapons or otherwise finding ways to disperse radioactive materials .
The first hurdle on the remaining road to the West Coast is far closer , however , sitting about 75 minutes down U.S. Highway 82 in Starkville , Miss .
And those Mississippi State Bulldogs intend to be ready .
" It 's going to be electric , " MSU athletics director Greg Byrne said .
Byrne expects the largest crowd in the history of Davis Wade Stadium when third - ranked Alabama ( 9 - 0 , 6 - 0 SEC ) visits Mississippi State ( 4 - 5 , 2 - 3 ) at 6 p.m. Saturday in a game to be televised nationally by ESPN .
For this game only , the Bulldogs have brought in temporary seating and sold standing room - only tickets to match the demand .
As a result , the attendance should surpass the 57,178 that attended the Oct. 24 game against top- ranked Florida .
" I think our fans are going to be into it from the beginning , " Byrne said .
" That will create great energy .
It 's hard not to have that come through the television set .
" This is a wonderful opportunity for Mississippi State to put out a good product to get our future recruits and future students excited . "
Alabama 's 24 - 15 victory Saturday over LSU pushed the Crimson Tide back to No. 2 in the BCS standings , though it remained third in The Associated Press and USA Today coaches polls .
It also clinched a second consecutive SEC Western Division title for a team that knows it will face East champ Florida on Dec. 5 in Atlanta 's Georgia Dome .
But before that , the Crimson Tide encounters a three - game stretch against Mississippi State , UT - Chattanooga and Auburn .
The final two SEC games are on the road .
While Alabama figures to be a heavy favorite in all three games , a slip would be disastrous while within range of the school 's first appearance in a BCS title game .
" We need to focus and get ready to play our best football and continue to improve , " Crimson Tide coach Nick Saban said .
" And that never ends .
" We have an opponent next week , and they 're a good opponent .
We certainly respect them , and we 're going to have to do a good job . "
Mississippi State dropped three of its first four conference games but entered its bye week boosted by a 31 - 24 victory at Kentucky on Oct. 31 .
Immediate goals may not be as lofty as what the Crimson Tide is chasing , but the Bulldogs need two victories in their final three games to return to a bowl .
" Things for us have n't changed , " first - year coach Dan Mullen said .
" We have three games left , and every one of them is critical .
Our approach going in this one is to find a way to win this game to put us one step closer to our goal of getting bowl - eligible . "
After last season , Byrne snatched Mullen away from Urban Meyer 's staff at Florida , landing the Gators ' offensive coordinator for two national title teams .
It was another step in a rapid football renewal plan that included cosmetic improvements such as the addition of new banners at Davis Wade Stadium and a new high - definition videoboard with a screen 111 - feet wide by 47 - feet high .
The board appeared late last season and is " as good as anywhere in the country , " Byrne said .
" People want to be entertained , " Byrne said .
" Obviously , first and foremost , we 're in the education business .
But we 're also in the entertainment business .
" Our coaching staff has done a really good job of putting an exciting product out there on the field that our fans go into every game feeling like -- and our team as well -- that we can win this game , and we 're going to go out and battle hard . "
Mullen watched Alabama 's game against LSU and described the Crimson Tide as " loaded with NFL talent from top to bottom . "
But he also knows he 'll have plenty of help while tangling with Saban and company .
" We 're expecting a great crowd , " Mullen said , " for the whole state to get behind us and support us and have a great atmosphere for a nationally televised game . "
See CMS e-commentary for live updates .
“ Beam - splashes ” are when a beam is threaded part - way through the LHC ring , then deliberately collided with an absorbing block of tungsten to stop it , upstream of a detector .
Many particles are created in this collision , most of them are absorbed , with the exception of the muons and neutrinos .
CMS can detect muons , and what it sees is a huge splash of activity , shown in this event display from September , 2008 .
The blue bars indicate huge deposits of energy in the calorimeters .
They seem to project from the center of the detector , but this is an artifact of the software , which was designed to visualize collisions from the center .
The calorimeter cells measure energy , not direction , so when it sees energy coming from a flood of particles arriving from the right , it draws them as though they came from the center .
You can also see little parallel lines surrounding the central burst like a school of fish .
These are individual muons seen by the barrel muon detectors , which do measure direction .
Update : here it is , the first CMS beam - splash of 2009 ( from the e-commentary page ) !
The little red lines are reconstructed muon tracks , blue dots are raw hits , and the yellow / blue starburst in the center is the calorimeter energy .
You can tell that the beam is coming from the right - hand side of the detector ( “ LHC beam - 1 ” , the clockwise direction around the ring ) .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
" There are entire families of seven and eight people who have been killed ... adding it up , the numbers are huge , " insisted Hernandez Lara .
" They have been buried in mudslides , by sand , rocks , mud ...
Some are turning up in the Lempa River , others in the Acahuapa River ( and ) even out at sea as the current was so strong . "
Mark Blinder developed pain in his right arm , doctors diagnosed him with Ewing 's sarcoma , a rare bone tumor .
Chemotherapy was n't working and radiation would have destroyed the growth plates in his bones .
So instead of amputating the arm , doctors tried an experimental approach -- implanting an artificial , expandable bone made of titanium and cobalt chrome , designed specifically for Mark .
The bone , produced by the company Biomet Inc. , is small enough to fit inside the 3 - year - old 's arm , but should be sturdy enough to last his entire life .
When 3 - year - old
Most artificial bones are used to replace only part of a bone , so they are glued securely to remaining bone .
In Mark 's case , the entire humerus was being removed , so the prosthetic had to be attached to soft tissue [ Los Angeles Times ] .
To install the bone , doctors first had to remove the tumor by carving out the fat around it , a process one of the doctor 's likened to carving out a peach pit without ever touching the pit .
The surgery was a success but Mark , who is now 4 years old , underwent chemotherapy as a precaution .
Mark is gradually relearning how to use his arm .
He 's moving his wrist and fingers , can pick up small objects , and is receiving physiotherapy to rebuild strength and flexibility in the elbow and shoulder .
He wo n't ever regain full function in those joints , but he is using the arm more each day , his mother said
[ Los Angeles Times ]
.
He will have to undergo three or four minor surgeries over the years so doctors can extend the prosthetic bone as he grows -- but since the only other option open to Mark was amputating his arm completely , he probably wo n't complain .
Related Content : Science Not Fiction : Dr. Terminator : The Prosthetics Designer Who Makes Sci-Fi Sculptures DISCOVER : High Powered Prosthetics : a bionic muscle 100 times stronger than yours DISCOVER : Neural Prosthetics may be the next frontier Image : iStockphoto
Other pages for this artwork cycle :
Ubuntu Sun
As some people like dark themes and some people like bright themes , why not combine them into one set of matching themes with different shades ?
This theme is based on the idea of having the sun shine into your windows .
Could there be a better leitmotiv for the window design of a lucid release ?
Concept
The user can choose between three different moods of the theme , representing different positions of the sun and thus different levels of brightness : Dawn , Day and Dusk .
Each consists of a custom Metacity theme and a GTK theme using the Murrine engine .
Download Theme
Here you can download the current version of this theme .
You can also look at ingolemo 's version which has been created independently from this one .
It can be found here on GNOME - Look.org .
Screenshots
All versions
Here you can also download older versions of the theme .
Mockups - rev.3
PNG files : Dawn Day Dusk
Source files ( Inkscape SVG ) : Dawn Day Dusk
Older Mockups - rev. 2
PNG files : Dawn Day Dusk
Source files ( Inkscape SVG ) : Dawn Day Dusk
Older mockups - rev. 1
PNG file : Dawn Source file ( Inkscape SVG ) : Dawn
I guess Dawn would fit best to be used as a default , but it should be made easy for the user to choose one of the others - or create their own by modifying the colors of an existing one .
Contributions
--
I really would like to see this concept as default themes in Lucid .
One thing I would change is adding a subtle outline ( resembling the current buttons ) to the x button to make it appear larger , like so :
Although we know we can hit anywhere in the general region and close the window , we interpret it as easier if the target is bigger .
Plus I just think it would look better if the button were more defined .
My only real concerns are that the light blue titlebar on " Day " looks too much like vista basic and the dark grey of " Dawn " has a windows 98 feel to it .
-- jtkese 2009-11-21 23:13:06
Thank you !
I like your idea of the outline and also like its resemblance to the current buttons , but I do n't know yet how the minimize / maximize buttons could be integrated with it - I 'd rather not have three buttons up there as it might look a bit heavy .
So I tried to seperate the close button by a small line , but I do n't know if that 's a good solution , the outline would probably still be better .
If I look at the " Dawn " version again , I agree that the background looks a bit like Windows 95/98 or Motif .
I 've added a little touch of brown / orange to it to change that , but maybe there are other possibilities to improve it .
I do n't know if " Day " looks like Vista Basic ( I 've never used Vista ... ) , and I do n't know what to do about it .
The title bar could be changed to also be orange , but I think that would not be very day - like ( and I know that many people like blue title bars , so if they choose Day , they could have their blue title and still a consistent ubuntu interface ) .
-- plippo 2009 - 11-23 11:13:26
The small line separating the close button from the rest looks fine under normal circumstances , but I prefer my close , minimize , maximize buttons on the left side , so the small line appears on the very end of the border .
I think an outline would work much better .
-- eddie.ringle 2009-12-23 17:29:00
Yes , that is a valid point .
I 'll look into it asap .
-- plippo 2010-01-03 09:50:44
Nice job man , but if the down theme as de default , i propose some changes :
Daniels revision
the base color is a light gray gardient with a little smoth brown , I think is best for the default , what do you think ? -- daniplanas .a 2009-11-23 11:17:24
I like your idea with the gradient , but I guess these light colors it would fit better for Day .
I will try to create a variant of Day with orange instead of blue and integrate your ideas .
-- plippo 2009-11-27 08:19:25
I really like these themes .
I hope that they will be included in Lucid .
I think that since this is a mock up there is no actual theme but if there is I would like to have it .
EDIT : Someone has written the theme files end they are available for download !
http://www.gnome-look.org/content/show.php/Ubuntu+Sun?content=116344
Looks great , esp. if it can be applied to " any " theme .
Further , how about an option to have the version of the theme change , e.g. dawn in morning , day in afternoon , dusk at night ?
Perhaps even attached to localised dawn / dusk data that the gnome weather applet pulls in ?
I would find this really nice .
Looks great .
Another idea that may be cool with this theme is having Ubuntu change the theme depending on the time of the day .
It 's its morning , turn to the dawn theme , 10:00 AM comes around , turn to the day theme .
6:00 PM is nearing and its getting dark , turn to the dusk theme .
Looks very good indeed .
Should make a dark blue one ( with stars maybe ? ) for Xubuntu and a light blue one for KDE .
As I proposed on the author blog .
We can use gnome - weather sunrise and sunset data to auto fade the themes .
Hi .
I think , that Dusk in rev. 2 looks much better than in rev .
3 . It 's too gray and also the gradient could be flipped .
Here , I am sending my edited Dusk .
Also , the bottom bar ( where is now " Ready " ) may have the color of the gradient 's ending .
Hope you know what I mean and it helps .
-- jakub - jurovych
Thank you , I was n't happy with the gradient either .
Your version looks much better !
-- plippo 2009-12-04 08:22:50
Is something like this possible ?
It could be used as an alternate and applications that do n't support it could use the default .
It would streamline the titlebar and the window to make them feel like one object .
-- natewiebe13
A separate GTK theme would have to be made to go with the metacity theme .
However , it looks like that would be more work , a lot more .
-- coldReactive
Fantastic !
I love this theme ; I 'm using Dusk , which fits in perfectly with my Darklooks GTK theme and the Breathe icon theme ( along with a custom shiny gnome - panel ) .
If Ubuntu looked like this by default , I 'd love it !
Here 's a link if anyone cares to see my awesome , easy - on - the - eyes - yet - dark - at - the - same - time look , check this link out : My Current Desktop Theme ( Flickr ) .
Here 's the desktop wallpaper I was using : Burst ( GNOME - Look ) .
-- sloshy42
Dusk has problems with scrollbars - very hard to see the actual element itself .
Looks great otherwise though .
-- vperetokin
I think window borders are the stars here , but the overall integration and the cool look are awesome too .
Since the theme is one of the must customizable and well integrated I 've seen , I created two alternate versions , a light and a dark one : - Dusk Sand .
The Dust Sand theme is used for the window controls .
The only things I do n't like about it are the scroll bars .
Everything matches perfectly and looks really unified .
- Night .
A really dark ( read black ) theme for GNOME .
It is based on the Darklooks GTK theme and looks really well , not like a negative of a light theme with all the colors messed up .
As the user above said , it 's really easy on the eyes .
Greetings . -- jerivasmelgar 2009-12-07 03:00:19
I like your Night version , especially the moon looks very nice , not too moon - ish but still recognizable .
-- plippo 2009-12-12 16:40:24
Should make the actice tab in Firefox and Nautilus more distinguished .
Sometimes hard to tell what is the active tab , especially in Dawn .
http://img130.imageshack.us/img130/4088/screenshotur.png
It seems you 're not using the newest version .
Could you please download the newest version ( v4 ) from above and check if the problem still occurs ?
-- plippo 2010-02-03 15:50:02
Yeah , the download page confused me .
Now I have this :
http://img535.imageshack.us/img535/2595/screenshotd.png
It seems to me that the difference between the active tab and the others should be a bit more apparent , just a little bit .
Especially when you have more Firefox tabs open and you would like to see immediately which one is the active one .
b.a. koenig
Yes , I see your point and will try to make the inactive tabs a bit darker , especially in Dawn .
( I 've also tried to make the download link a bit more visible . ) -- plippo 2010-02-07 20:56:27
New version is online .
I hope it 's better now .
-- plippo 2010-02-09 18:41:59
< Sigh > .
Just stumbled accross this by accident , and it looks so much nicer than the OS X look that they actually chose .
There is lots worth copying in OS X , like their attention to detail , but sadly so many people get stuck on the superficial bits .
-- Michael
CategoryCleanup
By now you ’ve seen Verizon ’s iDon’t / DROID Does campaign on TV or on the streets .
The first commercial can be found here .
It ’s a bit tongue - in - cheek and Verizon has admitted this , but it does highlight a handful of things that the iPhone clearly cannot do .
It should also serve as a clear indication that any rumor of the iPhone moving to the network is now squashed .
Or they ’re confident enough that Apple wo n’t hold a grudge .
The former scenario is more likely .
( See the best travel gadgets of 2009 . )
Motorola ’s DROID has a very industrial look and feel to it .
Gone are the days of lightweight and dainty devices .
You do n’t have to coddle the DROID or shell out an extra $ 30 for a case .
Wrapped mostly in metal , the DROID is chock - full of features that have become standard on ‘ smartphones ’ or whatever else you want to call these mini computers .
Here ’s a quick rundown on features and specs :
Network : Verizon Wireless ( CDMA 1X 800/1900 , EVDO rev. A )
Operating System : Android v2.0
Processor : Arm Cortex A8 processor 550mHz
Memory : 256MB built - in , ships with 16GB microSD card ( expandable to 32GB )
Display : 3.7 - inch capacitive touchscreen ( 480 ×854 )
Camera : 5 - megapixel with dual - LED flash , auto - focus and image stabilization
Browser : Webkit HTML5 , Flash Player 10.1 ready ( coming soon )
GPS : aGPS / sGPS
Bluetooth : v2.1+EDR
Wi -Fi : 802.11b/g
Battery : 1400 mAh battery
Sensors : proximity , ambient light and eCompass
Size / Weight : 2.4 x 4.6 x 0.5 in. , 6 oz .
DROID ’s 3.7 - inch display is the best looking capacitive touchscreen we ’ve ever seen on any device .
It renders images and text beautifully .
Colors appear to pop right off the screen .
In other words , you can read e-mail , browse Web pages , read eBooks or comics for hours without suffering major eye fatigue .
Touch response is good and most taps are registered with very little lag or issue .
But the DROID is the only Android device running version 2.0 , so it ’s difficult to say whether or not it ’s perfect .
There ’s very little evidence to dispute this claim , though .
Just below the screen are four touch - sensitive buttons : back , menu , home and search .
For some odd reason , Motorola has excluded buttons dedicated to initiate or end phone calls .
You ’ll have to initiate the dialer from one of three home screens that you can use to populate various applications or widgets .
The buttons are awkwardly placed and often times , we inadvertently tapped the search button when doing anything one - handed ( right hand of course ) .
A short tap of the search button will bring up Google Search and the virtual keyboard .
A long press initiates Google ’s Voice Search , which works amazingly well .
The rest of the buttons are pretty self - explanatory .
Home takes you back to the home screen and so on .
( See the top iPhone applications . )
Underneath the screen is an offset full QWERTY keyboard and directional pad .
Anyone used to a BlackBerry or Sidekick will feel at home with the DROID ’s keyboard , but will quickly find that it does n’t offer the same experience .
The keys are a tad cramped and there is n’t enough tactile feedback making it difficult to know where your thumbs are without having to look down .
It works and is by no means a deal breaker , but depending on how big or small your hands , you ’ll want to check one out in person .
The directional pad is great for navigating through mobs of text but does n’t offer much else .
( Watch TIME ’s video “ iPhone vs. BlackBerry : Which Wins ? ” )
On top of the DROID , you ’ll find the on / off switch and 3.5 mm headset jack .
Around the upper right corner on the right rail , the chintzy volume switch does it what it needs to do .
The lower left corner is where the camera button has been placed in all its brown sugar colored glory .
Moving to the back of the device you ’ll find the 5 - megapixel camera and brown sugar colored speaker .
The camera is horrible .
Probably the worst of any phone on the market and there are a lot of bad camera phones on the market .
Start up takes a long time , focusing takes even longer if it can even manage to focus and then you may as well pull out the La - Z - Boy while it takes the image .
However , we ’re confident that an over - the - air ( OTA ) update will remedy the situation as it does n’t appear to be a hardware issue and mainly a software one .
The jury is out until Motorola tries to fix this flaw .
( See pictures of the cell phone ’s history . )
First and foremost , the DROID is a phone , which is something people seem to forget when fawning over the latest devices .
Does it make it phone calls ?
Yes .
Will you experience dropped calls like your iPhone user friends ?
No. Verizon ’s 3G network is the nation ’s largest and it ’s close to perfect .
The caller and receiver sound crisp and clear .
The speakerphone is loud and clear .
Shoddy battery life from any 3G device with GPS , a Web browser , Wi-Fi are commonplace , but the DROID seems to be ahead of the pack .
Mileage will vary here , but light Web browsing , sporadic app usage , background tasks , a phone call or two and Gmail will have you running anywhere from 10 - 14 hours .
Certain measures can be taken to lengthen your battery life , like switching from 3G to EDGE ( d’oh ) , lowering screen brightness and turning off GPS , but it ’s something we all have to deal with these days .
( See the 50 best websites of 2009 . )
From a hardware standpoint , the DROID flies but the software will either take advantage of the hardware in a manner that offers a flawless user experience or it ’ll crap its pants trying to take a picture .
Android became a viable contender with version 1.6 .
Check out the video below .
[ vodpod id =Groupvideo.3840485&w=425&h=350&fv=%26rel%3D0%26border%3D0%26 ]
And here ’s what new with 2.0 .
[ vodpod id =Groupvideo.3763837&w=425&h=350&fv=%26rel%3D0%26border%3D0%26 ]
Google Maps Navigation ( BETA ) is a major coup for Verizon and Motorola .
It offers free turn - by - turn voice commands as well as Street Views along your route so you can actually see what the upcoming turn will look like and it even says the full name of the street .
A dedicated car mode allows you to use the device when driving hands free .
It ’s driven purely by voice commands whether you ’re trying to call someone , find the closest gas station or plotting a new destination .
But do n’t worry , it wo n’t replace your Garmin or whichever PND you might currently own .
It ’s a good start but it has a ways to go before it will actually replace your PND .
Android 2.0 also comes with Microsoft Exchange support ( calendar too ! ) , a better Web browser and more functional camera .
But it does n’t support multitouch even though it ’s been proven to work relatively well in previous builds of the operating system .
For whatever reason - legal or not -
Google wo n’t allow us to pinch to zoom on Web pages or when we ’re viewing images .
Speaking of browsing the Web , 2.0 offers a more polished experience , but it still plays second fiddle to the iPhone ’s Safari browser and that ’s because there ’s official support for multitouch .
( See the 25 best blogs of 2009 . )
We ’re pretty sure the camera stinks because of the software .
You can now fiddle with settings , but that becomes a moot point because of its lackluster performance .
Multimedia playback continues to be a disappointment as well .
There ’s no way to natively sync your music library so you ’re relegated to dragging and dropping files .
There are , however , third party applications that will allow you to do so .
With only 256MB of on - board storage , the DROID is limited to the amount of applications you can store and maybe even the possibility of not being able to run future updates of the OS .
It was rumored that 2.0 would allow you to store apps to the external memory card , but that ’s obviously not true .
At $ 200 , the DROID is without a doubt the best Android device currently available ; it ’s also the best phone Verizon has to offer and it does n’t hurt that Verizon is the best network .
Android , as a platform , has a come a long way and 2.0 adds more polish and sheen to the OS .
It might not be as friendly as we ’d like it to be , but it comes in right behind the iPhone in terms of a seamless user experience .
Verizon DROID
See the 50 best inventions of 2008 .
See pictures of vintage computers .
Tinkering with various electronics and software things , and a bit of math and science in general .
BLOG@CACM Introductory Computer Science Lessons -- Take Heart !
I was somewhat alarmed to read Mark Guzdial 's excellent and thought provoking article which argues that the way we teach introductory computer science is wrong .
His argument is that some of the educational pychology literature claims that minimally guided instruction techniques ( such as discovery learning , constructivism , problem based learning etc ) are less effective than strongly guided instruction techniques .
As an extension to this : teaching programming through the practice of programming itself is not effective for novices .
As a lecturer of a first year programming module myself , I spluttered into my cup of tea and hurried off to read the Kirshcner , Sweller and Clark article Mark recommended .
Kirschner , Sweller and Clark have some strong words to say against minimally guided instruction approaches .
For example " The goal of instruction is rarely simply to search for or discover information .
The goal is to give learners explicit guidance about how to cognitively manipulate information in ways that are consistent with a learning goal and store the result in long term memory . "
( p77 ) But hang on : in higher education we generally regard it as important that students know how to search and discover information for themselves .
They require skills in self directed learning .
In the context of programming , for example , we may wish them to know how to look up documentation for themselves .
We would also generally expect them to be able to search for information sources in the first stage of carrying out a research project .
I suspect this is a question of the stage of cognitive and metacognitive development the learner is at in first year , and whether it is reasonable to expect more of them than manipulating information and storing it in long term memory .
The authors also write : " It may be a fundamental error to assume that the pedagogic content of the learning experience is identical to the methods and processes ( i.e. the epistomology ) of the discipline being studied and a mistake to assume that instruction should exclusively focus on methods and processes . " p78 .
I do n't think that introductory computer science teaching does focus only on methods and processes .
In fact , it is a bit of a straw man to consider what goes on in first year computer science classes as pure minimally guided instruction anyway .
Obviously there are a huge range of teaching approaches to novice programming across the world , but let 's take the Barnes and Kolling " Objects First With Java " text book and Blue J environment .
It 's very popular ( ranked as number 1 in three of the Amazon technical books categories for what it 's worth ) and used as an introductory text in many computer science departments .
One of the features of this well designed textbook is that it aims to teach high level concepts as a priority over lower level language constructs .
The BlueJ environment enables students to experiment with object orientation by calling methods on objects in a graphical environment .
The text book encourages students to read code before they write it , and " wire in " small segments of their own code into a pre-written program .
The lecture slides which come with the book give specific instruction and worked examples ; students typically recieve this sort of instruction before working on small examples in the lab .
In fact , working on small examples after a lecture on programming concepts is in my experience a fairly common pattern in first year instruction .
Kirschner , Sweller and Clark recommend the practices of a ) providing worked examples for students to read and b ) providing process worksheets which explain to students the processes they should go through when solving problems .
These are both sensible suggestions but I would n't say they were unusual for computer science teaching .
I would suggest that we tend to use a mixed bag of instructional techniques rather than basing our pedagogy on pure theory .
And so therefore : we probably get our first year teaching right at least part of the time .
Which is a bit of a comfort .
Comments
William Doane
Judy , I 'm unclear whether your primary concern is ( a ) that KSC 's presumptions may be flawed or ( b ) that some of us are likely already doing what KSC call for .
Granted that ( b ) is almost certainly true , given the wide variation in teaching styles and philosophies of those teaching introductory programming courses , let 's consider ( a ) for a moment .
I like the idea that there is a cognitive / metacognitive stage issue , and I believe Mark speaks to that : the reversal of guided instruction vs. minimally guided instruction in reading , in particular .
I find myself wondering what a typical person would do , given no prior knowledge of automobiles , if faced with a car for the first time .
Presumably , our mastery level goals are for the person to learn to drive ( skill ) , to feel confident driving ( affect ) , and to know the common syntax ( dashboard gauges , road signs ) and semantics ( low fuel , merge right ) of driving ( knowledge ) .
But what are the cognitive barriers to novices developing those ?
Finding the fuel tank and understanding the role of gasoline ; finding the ignition and understanding the use of keys ; realizing the correlation of steering wheel movement to wheel movement ; the use of the pedal system ; gears ; etc etc etc .
Does the mastery level task of driving parallel the novice task of learning enough about the car to be able to drive ?
I think KSC speaks to the latter : ( a ) there are start - up costs to learning about / how to do X that are unlike actually doing X and ( b ) those costs are difficult to address without guidance .
We tell the novice to put the gear shifter in park , put their foot on the break , and the key in the ignition , before turning the key specifically because they would have a very hard time stumbling upon that combination on their own .
Charles Downing
I am an alumnus of Colorado School of Mines in the Class of 1962 .
During the last almost 50 years I have felt , and bragged to others , that the cornerstone of my training at CSM was being taught how to use the index of a book .
I do not have problems with my long - term memory , but , in the fields of engineering and computer programming , knowing how to find the answer has been more important than having it memorized .
How else can one make any new discoveries ?
In summary , I see nothing wrong with your premises .
Your students are fortunate to have you .
Michael Lewchuk
Please see my comment blog 45725 .
thx .
Displaying all 3 comments
WARSAW , Poland , Nov. 17 ( UPI ) --
A dramatic drop in male enrollment means some Polish universities could face bankruptcy , authorities in Warsaw said .
Just 33 percent of Polish college students enrolled this year are men , a drop from 2003 when men accounted for more than half the students attending colleges , Polish Radio reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
The decline , expected to increase in coming years , was caused by Poland 's abolition of compulsory military service , said a government report on finance and management at universities in Poland .
Men often used college enrollment to avoid serving in the armed forces .
Now that military conscription has been abolished , many men no longer see the need for a college education , the report said .
The decrease in enrollment is expected to harm universities , especially private colleges that depend on high enrollments to sustain their budgets .
Those colleges could face bankruptcy if more students do n't attend , the report said .
Il passapomodoro è uno strumento che si utilizza prettamente per la preparazione della passata di pomodoro , alimento che è un po ’ una delle basi della cucina mediterranea e italiana .
Una passata di pomodoro preparata in casa sarà sicuramente più genuina rispetto a quella che potreste acquistare presso un supermercato , e inoltre potreste decidere il tipo di pomodori da utilizzare per la preparazione della passata e anche come andare a realizzarla in modo che sia più o meno densa in base alle vostre preferenze .
Pur trattandosi di uno strumento piuttosto semplice da utilizzare , ci sono alcuni piccoli accorgimenti per renderne l’utilizzo perfettamente sicuro per chi lo utilizzerà .
La cosa principale da fare per rendere un passapomodoro del tutto sicuro è assicurarsi che sia dotato di tutte le componenti di sicurezza .
Queste componenti non sono certo obbligatorie , ma sono particolarmente adatte a …
... The car has a big piece of glass just in front of the steering wheel with the bonnet sitting in the lions ' enclosure , but from the right angle , it looks like there is no glass
Credit : BARCROFT MEDIA
The day after the terrible terrorist attack at Islamabad ’s Islamic University that took the lives of eight innocent students , certain TV news channels ran a footage of a dozen or so angered students of the university pelting stones .
The first question that popped up in my mind after watching the spectacle was , what on earth were these understandably enraged young men throwing their stones at ?
So I waited for the TV cameras to pan towards the direction where the stones were landing .
But that did not happen .
It seemed as if the students were pelting stones just for the heck of it .
So I called a fellow journalist friend who was covering the story for a local TV channel and asked him about the protest .
He told me the students were pelting stones at a handful of cops .
Now , why in God ’s good name would one throw stones at cops after being attacked by demented men who call themselves the Taliban ?
The very next day another protest took place outside the attacked University in which the students , both male and female , were holding banners that said : ‘ Kerry - Lugar Bill namanzoor ! ’ ( Kerry - Lugar Bill Not Acceptable ) .
I could barely stop myself from bursting into a short sharp fit of manic laughter .
It was unbelievable .
Or was it , really ?
Here we have a university that was attacked by a psychotic suicide bomber who slaughtered and injured dozens of students so he could get his share of hooris in Paradise .
The attack was then proudly owned by the Tekrik - e - Taliban Pakistan .
And in its wake , we saw enraged students protesting against the Kerry - Lugar act ?
What a response !
What did the Kerry - Lugar act have to do with the suicide attack ?
Was n’t this remarkably idiotic ‘ protest rally ’ by the students actually an insult to those who were so mercilessly slaughtered by holy barbarians ?
But then , some would suggest that in a society like Pakistan , such idiosyncrasies should be swallowed as a norm .
And I agree .
What else can one expect from a society living in a curiously delusional state of denial , gleefully mistaking it as ‘ patriotism ’ and ‘ concern . ’
It seems no amount of proof will ever be enough to dent Pakistanis ' resolve to defend the unsubstantiated , wild theories that they so dearly hold in their rapidly shrinking heads .
Take for instance the recent case of a famous TV anchorman who visited a devastated area in Peshawar that was bombed by a remote - controlled car bomb .
He talked to about 10 people at the scene .
More than half of the folks interviewed spouted out those squarely unproven and thoroughly clichéd tirades about RAW / CIA / Mossad being the ‘ real perpetrators ’ and that ‘ no Muslim is capable of inflicting such acts of barbarity . ’
A friend of mine who was also watching this hapless exhibition of the usual top - of - mind nonsense suddenly announced that he wanted to jump in , hold these men by the arms , and shake them violently so they could be ‘ awoken from their dreadful sleepwalking state . ’
Pakistanis routinely continue to deny the fact that the monsters who are behind all the faithful barbarism that is cutting this country into bits are the mutant product of what our governments , military , intelligence agencies , and society as a whole have been up to in the past 30 years or so .
Well , this is exactly what happens to a society that responds so enthusiastically to all the major symptoms of fascist thought .
Symptoms such as powerful and continuing nationalism ; disdain for the recognition of human rights ; identification of enemies / scapegoats as a unifying cause ; supremacy of the military ; obsession with national security ; the intertwining of religion and government ; disdain for intellectuals and the arts ; an obsession with crime and punishment , etc .
Have not the bulk of Pakistanis willingly allowed themselves to be captured in all the macho and paranoid trappings of the above - mentioned symptoms of collective psychosis .
It clearly smacks of a society that has been ripening and readying itself for an all - round fascist scenario .
This is the scenario some among us are really talking about when they speak of ‘ imposing the system of the Khulfa Rashideen ’ or shariah , or whatever profound buzzwords adopted to explain Pakistan 's march towards a wonderful society of equality and justice ?
Words that mean absolutely nothing , or systems and theories either based on ancient musings of tribal societies or on glorified myths of bravado .
I felt bad for the few bystanders at that Peshawar bombing site who kept contradicting their more gung - ho contemporaries by reminding them that for months the shopkeepers where receiving threatening letters from the Taliban warning them that they should stop selling products for women and ban the entry of women in the area .
One shop - owner who said he lost more than millions of rupees worth of goods in the blast was slightly taken aback when the anchor asked him who he thought was behind the bomb attack .
For a few seconds he looked curiously at the anchor ’s face , as if wondering why would a major TV news channel be asking a question whose answer was so obvious .
' What do you mean , who was responsible ? ' he asked .
' The Taliban , of course !'
Fasi Zaka wrote a scathing piece on the floozy response of some students who chanted slogans against the Kerry - Lugar Bill outside the freshly bombed Islamic University .
He was battered with hate mail , even from those who did agree with him that it were the Taliban who bombed the unfortunate university .
But these folks turned out to be even worse than the deniers .
They are apologists of all the mayhem that takes place in the name of Islam in this country .
Every time the barbarians set themselves off taking innocent men , women , and children with them , these apologists suddenly emerge to write letters to newspapers and try to dominate internet forums explaining the intricate ‘ socio- economic problems ’ that are turning men into terrorists .
Or worse - as is expected from reactionary news reporters like Ansar Abbasi - they will start giving details about the infidel targets that the terrorists were really after at the place of the attack .
Zaka told me that he got letters suggesting that the Taliban attacked the canteen of the Islamic University because ‘ women students were not behaving and dressing according to Islam . ’
The state under Ziaul Haq had the Hudood Ordinance for such ‘ loose women , ’ but now the Taliban have bombs for them .
And mind you , those who were trying to justify the bombing in this respect at the University were ‘ educated ’ young men and even women .
Recently , we also heard about a hijab - clad female student at the prestigious and ‘ liberal ’ Lahore University of Management Sciences , who bagged her 15 minutes of fame by capturing images through her mobile phone of students indulging in ‘ immoral activities ’ on campus .
Of course , the same lady ’s ‘ concern ’ and righteousness ends at becoming a self - appointed paparazzi for the reactionaries , whereas it was young women ( in hijabs ) and men with beards who died so senselessly at the Islamabad Islamic University campus .
Pathetic , indeed .
Nadeem F. Paracha is a cultural critic and senior columnist for Dawn Newspaper and Dawn.com .
The views expressed by this blogger and in the following reader comments do not necessarily reflect the views and policies of the Dawn Media Group .
“ Helena Pierce , Borderlands debut trailer
You wo n't last long here , not without help , not without guns ... a hell of a lot of guns . ”
According to Gearbox Software , there are over 17,750,000 different variations of weapons in Borderlands , as of its release .
Borderlands uses a procedural process to generate its various guns in certain classes , such as handguns , shotguns , assault rifles , sniper rifles , and more , but with many variations of firing speed , reload speed , damage type and more .
Contents show ]
Weapon Type & Proficiency
The different types of weapons are :
Specific Weapon Proficiencies apply to each weapon type and are displayed on the character screen .
They boost a character 's skill with the individual weapon types and can increase to a maximum level of 50 for each weapon type .
Gains to the proficiency of the equipped weapon are made when experience is gained from killing enemies , and such gains happen regardless of whether the kill was made by the shooter , or an alternative source .
Item Card
Inspecting a weapon on the ground or in inventory evokes the weapon 's item card .
The item card displays the name of the weapon , color coded by its rarity ; its damage , accuracy , and rate of fire attributes ; the maximum capacity of its magazine ; the level of elemental tech , if any ; the monetary value of the weapon , if resold at a vending machine ; and up to five lines of additional information , including elemental effects , stat modifiers significant to the weapon , and weapon zoom .
Note that any weapon statistics displayed on an item card already take into account any bonuses listed on that card .
A weapon with an item card that shows Damage 751 and +53 % Damage has a damage stat of 751 , not 1149 .
Flavor Text
Flavor text is red text found on unique , legendary , and pearlescent weapons ' item cards , just above any stat modifiers .
Usually cryptic or humorous , these lines usually give a hint of what a weapon 's special ability does , and are often a reference to a video game , movie , or any number of non -game things .
Rarity
Borderlands uses a classification system for gear that follows a color - coding system for RPGs ( which was pioneered by Blizzard 's ) .
A common ( white ) gun would be average , an uncommon ( green ) would be slightly above average , a rare ( blue ) would be a premium gun , a very rare ( purple ) would be a very strong gun , and legendary ( orange ) guns are second only to pearlescent .
The rarity of each gun is indicated by color as stated on the page of each gun .
There are eight confirmed rarity levels .
Weapons listed in the inventory screen might have a darker text color than what is shown in the weapon box when that weapon is selected , so it would help to compare , say , across all orange rarity weapons to check for differences in color .
Level Color Rarity 1 White 0 - 4 2 Green 5 - 10 3 Blue 11 -15 4 Purple 16 -49 5 Yellow 50 - 60 6 Orange 61-65 7 Dark Orange 66 -100 8 Pearlescent 101 +
Further rarity levels are present in - game , but are not assigned to weapons .
Level Color Rarity Item 9 Green 170 Backpack SDUs 10 Red 171 Health pickups such as Insta-Health vials and Healing Kits 11 Yellow 180 - 181 Cash bundles 12 Yellow 182-190 Cash bobbleheads 13 Orange 191-200 Elemental artifacts [ 1 ]
14 Cyan 500 Supply drops in the Underdome coliseums
Generally speaking , the rarity of a weapon describes its power , with rarer weapons being more effective in combat .
However , this is a very crude heuristic , with many exceptions .
The rarity values assigned to a gun 's parts do not necessarily correspond to how much damage they can do , nor can the weapon generator account for the gun 's actual performance , synergy between parts ( e.g. a Carnage shotgun barrel with an elemental accessory ) or lack thereof ( e.g. a low - accuracy sniper rifle barrel with a high - powered sniper scope ) , or a human player 's preferences ( e.g. , preferring iron sights to a scope on a close combat weapon ) .
See also : Legendary
Elemental Effects
Main article : Elemental Damage
The elemental effects include incendiary , shock , explosive , and corrosive .
The damage of the elemental effect is a multiplier indicated by the elemental plaque and a " xN " in the weapon description , where N is a number from 1 to 4 .
The chance an elemental effect will occur depends on the difference between the level of the character and the level of the enemy .
On all Maliwan weapons , a weapon description will include text reading " chance to cause elemental effect , " " high elemental effect chance , " " higher elemental effect chance " or " very high elemental effect chance " , which implies that the gun has a greater than normal chance of causing its elemental effect , depending on the material quality of the weapon .
Elemental attacks are added to the base damage of the weapon used and can have secondary benefits , such as a splash damage effect on multiple enemies .
Each element has a specific benefit to use against differing enemies :
Fire is effective against enemies with unshielded flesh and may cause the target to burn for a length of time .
There is a chance the fire will spread to nearby opponents .
is effective against enemies with unshielded flesh and may cause the target to burn for a length of time .
There is a chance the fire will spread to nearby opponents .
Shock is effective against shields , but is less effective against flesh and natural armor , such as chitinous plating , than a normal weapon of the same type .
It also has a chance of briefly stunning an enemy .
is effective against shields , but is less effective against flesh and natural armor , such as chitinous plating , than a normal weapon of the same type .
It also has a chance of briefly stunning an enemy .
Explosive weapons have a chance for the round to explode in enemies , dealing much more damage and leading to an incredibly messy death on a critical hit .
weapons have a chance for the round to explode in enemies , dealing much more damage and leading to an incredibly messy death on a critical hit .
Corrosive is effective against armored enemies , slowly draining health and making them weaker to other attacks as the ongoing damage progresses .
There is a chance that the acid will spread to nearby opponents .
Each element also has its own specific death animation :
Fire slowly incinerates the target .
Human victims will scream while burning .
No trace of the victim will remain .
slowly incinerates the target .
Human victims will scream while burning .
No trace of the victim will remain .
Shock makes lightning arc up and down a target 's body , eventually leading to the head exploding .
The victim will leave a headless corpse and a few giblets .
makes lightning arc up and down a target 's body , eventually leading to the head exploding .
The victim will leave a headless corpse and a few giblets .
Explosive yields a loud bang and reduces the victim completely to giblets .
yields a loud bang and reduces the victim completely to giblets .
Corrosive rapidly liquefies the target .
Human victims will scream while melting .
No trace of the victim will remain .
Weapon Manufacturer
Main article : Manufacturer
Weapon manufacturers produce weapons that incorporate specific attributes associated with their respective brands .
An in - game means of learning these different attributes is to listen to Marcus Kincaid 's vending machine sales pitches .
These offer a comprehensive commentary on the manufacturers and their attributes .
There are twelve official weapons manufacturers in the Borderlands series :
Atlas – Above - average balanced attributes .
Bandit – Highest magazine - capacity ; below - average balanced attributes .
Dahl – Highest accuracy and recoil reduction , burst - fire when aiming .
Eridians – Energy - based alien weapons – with no reload – only a recharge time ( giving them infinite ammo ) .
Gearbox – Balanced attributes ; acquirable only through certain missions .
Hyperion – Highest accuracy , damage and recoil reduction , above - average balanced attributes ; high tech , expensive .
Jakobs – Highest damage and accuracy , hidden critical - hit bonus , lever - action / semi-automatic weapons - only ; heavy recoil , no automatic or elemental weapons , expensive .
Maliwan – Highest elemental effect - chance , elemental weapons - only ; high tech , expensive .
S&S Munitions – Highest magazine capacity ; high tech , expensive .
Tediore – Fastest reload speed , cheapest price - tags ; below - average balanced attributes ( when reloading , gun is thrown like a grenade ) .
Torgue – Highest damage , explosive ammunition ; decreased accuracy and heavy recoil .
Vladof – Highest rate of fire and recoil reduction , automatic weapons - only ( as the trigger is held , rate of fire and recoil reduction increases ) ; no semi-automatic weapons .
The various manufacturers offer weapons in different Material Grades .
These change the appearance of the weapon , as well as further modifying the weapon 's attributes , with higher grades offering stronger attribute augmentation .
They also affect each manufacturer 's weapon naming scheme .
Weapon Components
Main article : Gun Component Charts
This illustration of a hypothetical [ 1 ] combat rifle identifies the different components that go into assembling a single weapon .
Stock : Provides stability and accuracy .
Smaller stocks and stockless weapons achieve faster reloads and equip speed in exchange for less stability .
Body : Affects the weapon 's firing rate and damage rating .
Barrel : Affects the weapon damage ratings and accuracy .
Magazine : Affects ammunition capacity , reload speed , and equip speed .
The smallest magazines increase damage .
Sight : Affects field of view when zoomed , with the degree dependent on the quality of the sight or scope .
Accessory :
If present , may provide one of a diverse range of benefits including elemental effects , damage modifiers , and stability bonuses .
Grip : Represents the Manufacturer , with no further effects on the weapon .
( As a notable exception , the Atlas Patton derives its increased damage from its proprietary grip . )
Weapon Names
Following the game 's random weapon generation AI , a system formulates each weapon 's model number and name according to its type , manufacturer and capabilities .
Weapon List
See also : Weapons category page
Due to the number of possible different weapons that the game can generate , this Wiki does not contain a page for every variant .
It instead lists groups of similar weapons by their title .
Guaranteed Weapons
Main article : Unique
See also : Guaranteed Drops
These weapons and modifications have a 100 % chance to be dropped by a specific enemy , or be contained in a specific location .
Ammunition
Main article : Ammunition
Most weapons in the game require ammunition ( or ammo for short ) .
The exceptions are Eridian weapons , which rely on an alien power source which will slowly recharge , and certain rare exceptions such as The Dove , and some other dark - orange rarity - leveled weapons .
Ammunition can be acquired in several ways throughout the game ; ammo can be purchased from ammo vendor , dropped by killed enemies , concealed in lootable objects , or it may be regenerated by a class mod , skill , or special weapon effect .
Types of ammunition :
Combat Rifle Ammo
Repeater Pistol Ammo
Revolver Ammo
Launcher Ammo
Shotgun Shells
SMG Ammo
Sniper Rifle Ammo
A character is able to carry a specific amount of each type of ammunition .
At the start of the game , a character is only able to pick up ammunition of a particular type after they have acquired a weapon of that class .
As the game progresses , and characters increase in level , they will be able to purchase Ammunition SDUs from the ammunition vending machines .
Weapon Damage Multipliers
The base damage of a weapon is the amount of damage the target should take on each successful hit .
Some weapons ' item card Damage stat will show the base damage and a multiplier , represented by flashing yellow multiplier text ( such as " x7 " ) alternating with the damage number .
If a multiplier is present , the weapon will fire the number of projectiles given by the modifier for each trigger squeeze .
Take note that in some cases , certain features of the weapon will lead to the consumption of more than one unit of ammunition expended per shot fired .
The most common type of weapon to show damage multiplier stats are Shotguns , firing several pellets per shot ( the number of pellets varies according to Shotgun type ) .
Other weapon types can have a damage modifier , but in such cases these are special features rather than a typical feature of the weapon .
Comparing a single - shot Rocket Launcher to a Helix Rocket Launcher :
A normal Rocket Launcher with 500 damage and a 3 round magazine .
With every pull of the trigger , 1 rocket is fired and will do 500 damage to its target and 1 round of Launcher ammo will be used , its potential damage per magazine adds up to 1,500 .
A Helix Rocket Launcher with 200 damage with a x3 modifier , and a 3 round magazine .
With every pull of the trigger , 3 micro-rockets will fire at the target in a spiraling pattern doing 200 damage per micro-rocket if the target is hit and 1 round of Launcher ammo will be used , its potential damage per magazine adds up to 1,800 .
Damage Per Second ( DPS )
Main article : DPS
Damage per second , or DPS , is a commonly used way to compare the effectiveness between skills , weapons , or other damage - dealing methods in various games .
Notes
Endnotes
It seems like Ubisoft is taking a page right out of the Bungie / Microsoft Viral Marketing book .
Make a live action short film based off of your video game Post it in three parts onto YouTube ???
Profit
It worked for both Halo 3 and ODST .
I still love watching those films over and over .
Something that brings the game to life .
Something that makes you want to see an actual live action movie , but hope they do n’t and keep it short filmed and straight - to - web .
I can see high sales figures for Assassins Creed 2 from this high quality trailer .
The first of 3 parts of the short film hits the web on Oct. 27th .
Then the following two parts leading up to the release of Assassins Creed 2 .
Flip flops with the texas flag say " taxes " instead of " texas " .
Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy ( HBOT ) has grown in popularity over the last few years .
This growth has occurred without any evidence that HBOT is at all beneficial .
A recent study , published in the journal Research in Autism Spectrum Disorders entitled Randomized trial of hyperbaric oxygen therapy for children with autism , explores this question .
The study was performed by CARD , the Center for Autism and Related Disorders and ICDRC the International Child Development Resource Center .
CARD is a very large ABA provider run by Doreen Granpeesheh .
Dr. Granpeesheh is also associated with Thoughful House , the Clinic founded by Dr. Andrew Wakefield .
Dr. Wakefield , is the prime proponent of the notion that the MMR vaccine causes autism .
ICDRC is the clinic run by Dr. Jeffrey Bradstreet , a prominent name in the autism alternative medical community .
As you might surmise from their press release , Center for Autism and Related Disorders Study Finds Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy Ineffective Treatment for Children with Autism , they did not find HBOT to be effective .
Children were given 80 1 hour sessions in a Vitaeris 320 inflatable chamber ( a model used commonly in HBOT treatment ) .
6 -10 sessions / week were performed .
Children were split into two groups matched by age and number of ABA hours already received .
Parameters like supplement use and diets remained unchanged during the time of the study .
For the treatment group the chambers were inflated to 1.3 atm , with enriched oxygen air ( 24 - 28 % O2 , compared to 21 % for regular air ) .
The children were given multiple assessments :
All assessments were conducted by trained assessors who were blind to group assignment .
To maximize the study ’s ability to detect change in any symptom area relevant to autism , a large variety of assessments were used , including the following : the ABC ( Aman & Singh , 1994 ) , ADOS ( Lord et al. , 1999 ) , Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Functioning ( BRIEF ; Gioia , Isquith , Guy , & Kenworthy , 2000 ) , Clinical Global Impression Scale ( CGI ; Guy , 1976 ) , Parent Stress Index ( PSI ; Abidin , 1995 ) , Peabody Picture Vocabulary Test ( PPVT - III ; Dunn & Dunn , 1997 ) , Repetitive Behavior Scale ( RBS ; Bodfish , Symons , & Lewis , 1999 ) , SRS , Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales — Second Edition ( VABS - II ; Sparrow , Cicchetti , & Balla , 2005 ) , and the Beery - Buktenica Developmental Test of Visual - Motor Integration — 5th edition ( VMI - 5 ; Berry and Berry , 2004 K.E. Berry and N.A. Berry , The Berry - Buktenica developmental test of visual - motor integration : Administration , score , and teaching manual , NCS Pearson , Minneapolis , MN ( 2004 ) .
Berry & Berry , 2004 ) .
The ADOS , BRIEF , PPVT - III , SRS , VABS , and VMI - 5 were administered pre and post - treatment .
The ABC , CGI , and RBS were administered weekly .
The PSI was administered four times , once at baseline , twice during treatment , and once at completion .
The study was relatively small , with 46 participants .
Forty six participants began the study and 12 withdrew , resulting in 18 previous HBOT participants and 16 placebo participants completing all 80 sessions and follow - up measures .
The primary reason reported for withdrawal was the travel required to the clinic .
One participant in the placebo group withdrew after having a seizure for the first time .
Mean participant age was 6.18 ( previous HBOT 6.11 ; placebo 6.25 ) and mean number of ABA treatment hours per month was 109 ( previous HBOT 114.7 ; placebo 103.3 ) .
I wo n’t go into details about the specific outcomes , but the conclusion was pretty straightforward : HBOT had no effect .
No significant differences between the previous tHBOT and placebo groups were found on any of the outcome measures .
Thus , the results of this study indicate that previous HBOT delivering 24 % oxygen at 1.3 atm did not produce a therapeutic effect for the children who participated in our study .
Therefore , previous HBOT at this dose is not recommended for the treatment of ASD symptoms .
I found it interesting how they referred to a previous HBOT study by Rossignal ( another prominent member of the autism alternative medical community ) :
The results of this study corroborate the findings of the only other published study on previous termHBOTnext term which included a control group ( Rossignol et al. , 2009 D.A. Rossignol , L.W. Rossignol , S. Smith , C. Schneider , S. Logerquist and A. Usman et al. , Hyperbaric treatment for children with autism : a multicenter , randomized , double - blind , controlled trial , BMC Pediatrics 9 ( 2009 ) 10.1186/1471-2431-9-21.Rossignol et al. , 2009 ) — albeit , not the study authors ’ interpretations of their findings .
In both the Rossignol et al. ( 2009 ) study and the current study , both treatment and control groups improved over time , but the difference in improvement between groups appeared insignificant .
In addition , the current study employed dependent measures which were far more comprehensive than in previous research on previous HBOT for ASDs , thereby increasing the probability that a therapeutic effect would have been detected if indeed one had been present .
Yes , the current study is consistent with the Rossignol group ’s results , just not their interpretation .
Commentary :
There was much discussion and excitement earlier this year when the Rossignol group study came out .
Do ’C at the Autism Street blog compiled a list of many of the skeptical discussions .
There has not been anywhere near the interest in the newer CARD study .
Will this mean the end of HBOT treatments for Autism ?
I sincerely doubt it .
Take a look at Dr. Bradstreet ’s website ( Dr. Bradstreet being one of the coauthors of the current study showing no effect ) .
The first page of the site still links to the older study by Dr. Rossignol ’s group ( claiming that HBOT is effective ) and not his own study ( which shows HBOT to be not effective ) .
Of course , it is all the more complicated since Dr. Rossignol is also one of the ICDRC doctors .
The alternative - medical community is a pretty small pond , is n’t it ?
Back to the question : will this mean the end of HBOT in autism ?
I wish I could make bets this safe .
Of course not .
No alternative therapy is abandoned .
As shown above , one of the authors of this study showing that HBOT is not effective for treating autism and he has n’t stopped .
For more than 50 years a ghost known only as " Dorothy " has haunted the Hockey Hall of Fame .
The Star is now able to publicly reveal her full identity and confirm what actually happened .
In the early 1990s , a few years before the Hockey Hall of Fame moved into the historic building that had been a Bank of Montreal branch for close to 100 years , Toronto musician Joanna Jordan saw a female ghost looking down on her from a second - floor ceiling .
Jordan , who was playing the harp at an event being held in the building 's Great Hall , was unaware at the time that a ghost purportedly haunted the space .
" I remember it so vividly , " she says , " because it 's one of those things you 'll never forget . "
Jordan refused to go up to the second floor by herself when she played at the Hall , which opened in 1993 , some years later .
" It was just too spooky up there . "
It is assumed , by those who believe in such things , that Jordan had seen the spirit of a young teller known as Dorothy , who had killed herself in the bank some time between the early 1900s and the 1960s , according to various sources .
Although Dorothy has been written about in numerous books and articles , she has never been given a last name .
Nor was the reason for her death confirmed .
Until now .
The Star has learned that she was Dorothea Mae Elliott , 19 years old .
She shot herself early in the morning of Wednesday March 11 , 1953 and died 22 hours later at St. Michael 's Hospital .
Her death did n't garner much attention from the newspapers of the day .
The long - defunct Toronto Telegram ran a brief item on March 11 , which reported that police were checking a story that the " attractive young brunette may have been despondent over a love affair . "
The Telegram did n't follow - up on the story .
But the Toronto Daily Star , as The Star was then known , ran a three - paragraph item on page 14 the next day that announced her death , citing the cause as loneliness because her boyfriend had left her to " take a job on the boats . "
Neither paper mentioned her name , but it did appear on a death notice on March 13 that The Star discovered .
Over the years other rumours emerged .
One version accused her of having been caught stealing money .
Another said she had been discovered helping members of the Irish Republican Army , who were planning to rob the bank to fund their cause back home .
And a psychic , several years ago , said she was murdered because she had uncovered a scheme involving the bank manager , the chief of police and a leading judge , all of whom were embezzling money belonging to farmers .
The most common theory , however , was that she was having an affair with either another teller or the branch manager , a married man who had an apartment in the bank .
The latter account is the accurate one , according to someone who knows the details but for personal reasons does n't want to go on the record .
" She was a beautiful young woman who was very popular , " this person says .
" She looked like the actress Rita Hayworth . "
The source also told The Star that Dorothy had been orphaned at the age of 9 , following the deaths of her parents a few years apart .
Len Redwood , the bank 's messenger in 1953 , described her in a 1982 interview as " the life of the party , the most popular girl in the bank . "
He said she shot herself in the women 's second - floor washroom with the bank 's revolver , a .38 calibre , which was kept in his drawer .
Years later , his son Vic said his late father " told me that he and an ambulance attendant carried Dorothy downstairs , likely still alive , in a wooden , Windsor - style chair .
That chair was at my parents ' cottage as late as 1990 . "
A few years ago I spoke with one of Dorothy 's fellow workers , who thinks she 's the last person to have seen her alive .
" Dorothy was a beautiful girl , tall and buxom , " said Doreen Bracken .
" I was n't very sophisticated at the time but she was .
The men liked her , eh ? "
Bracken remembered the day of the shooting .
" I came in about 8 a.m. and she was already there , " she said .
Bracken noted that Dorothy , who was wearing a blue - knitted dress , looked " distressed and dishevelled . "
Just after nine o'clock another employee , Zeta Rushbrook , began screaming and yelling over the balcony , Bracken said .
Len Redwood raced upstairs to see what was wrong and discovered Dorothy 's body .
" We did n't hear a shot , " Bracken said .
There have been countless reports of strange occurrences in the building over the decades that are believed to be connected to Dorothy : lights flicking on and off ; doors and windows opening and closing for no apparent reason ; and moans , screams and other eerie sounds echoing through the historic structure .
Some staff and employees have heard footsteps when working alone at night .
A few have felt a phantom hand on their shoulder or leg .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Rob Hynes , who formerly worked at the Hall as a special events supervisor , had an encounter that spooked him .
While preparing for an event , he entered a narrow kitchen that runs behind a second - floor conference room to get some coffee urns at around 6 a.m .
A strong feeling , as if being watched by someone , " but different than that , " enticed him to enter the conference room , which was in darkness .
" One of the chairs , and this is the God 's honest truth , was turning , as if a breeze was in there , " he says .
" It actually moved right into my hand .
I 'm rather skeptical about ghosts , but I just freaked out and ran out of there . "
Despite all the reports , only one other person is believed to have actually seen the spirit .
One summer a young boy was visiting the Hall of Fame when he started screaming , " Do n't you see her , do n't you see her , " says Jane Rodney , who was the Hall 's coordinator of resource centre services at the time .
" He claimed a woman with long black hair was going in and out of the walls . "
Dorothy 's family does not speak about her death , nor would they comment for this article .
They have objected , over the years , to her being seen as an object of fun .
Read more about :
If history is anything to go by , Russell T. Davies will try to top all his previous gonzo conclusions with his final Doctor Who , " The End Of Time . "
Is it too much to hope he 's learned from his past mistakes ?
Advertisement
Though there 's absolutely no denying Davies has successfully forged a massive popular ( and , to a slightly lesser extent , critical ) success with his revival of Doctor Who , I 'm sorry to say that I 'm still not entirely convinced he's all that good at writing episodes of Doctor Who .
Of the twenty - two stories he 's written for the new series ( not counting his two recent collaborations ) , I 'd only consider " Midnight " a classic , although I could maybe be talked into counting " Utopia " as well , if only for nostalgia value .
The rest are a mix of solid but unremarkable filler ( " The Long Game " , " Smith and Jones " ) , weird morality plays with seriously muddled points ( " Boomtown " , " Love & Monsters " ) , decent premises let down by gratingly absurd setpieces ( " Tooth & Claw " , " Gridlock " ) , and fat jokes ( " Aliens of London " , " Partners in Crime " ) .
Oh , and the finales .
But more on them in a second .
Advertisement
There have has more than enough written over the last five years attacking Davies , and I 'm honestly not interested in adding to that tally .
Suffice it to say that while he's not my favorite writer , I still respect what he 's done for the program , I do think he 's been a fantastic executive producer and showrunner , and " Midnight " almost makes up for all the other missteps .
There are definitely some things Davies knows how to do really well .
But if there 's one thing I 'm really not sure he knows how to do at all , it 's epic series finales .
Which gives me serious pause as we head into the biggest , craziest , most epic finale of them all , as both he and David Tennant unfold their swansong on Doctor Who .
Still , I am above all a Doctor Who fan , and I desperately want " The End of Time " to be good .
I 'll try to keep this post spoiler - free , but if you do n't mind getting a sense of why I 'm cautiously excited , check out the trailer :
There 's plenty about that to really like ( I'm particularly excited about the guy doing the voice - over ) .
But the track record here is mixed at best .
Let 's take a look back at Davies 's four previous epic finales , and try to figure out what worked and what did n't .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" Bad Wolf " / " Parting of the Ways " ( 2005 )
What Worked : When I rewatched the Christopher Eccleston episodes recently , I was struck by how much less predictable they felt than those starring David Tennant .
Maybe it 's because Eccleston never quite fit comfortably into the world of Doctor Who like his successor did , maybe it's because the creative team was still figuring things out as they went along , or maybe it 's just that nobody has yet matched the flair director Joe Ahearne brought to his series one episodes , but there 's a mad energy to this two - parter that no later episodes quite match .
It 's a bit hard to describe concretely , but there 's a moment around when the Doctor thinks Rose is dead and morosely allows himself to be imprisoned ( before leading a jailbreak , of course ) that I got the sense that this really was a show where anything could happen .
The series has gotten a little too comfortable over the past couple of series , and though that 's made for a more consistent quality of episode I think it 's robbed the series of a bit of its magic .
Advertisement
What Didn't :
This episode throws into high relief two of my biggest problems with Davies .
One , it relies heavily on a bunch of trite pop culture references that are almost certainly going to age even worse than the creaky special effects of the classic series .
As an American , I still do n't really know anything about half of the reality shows Davies was spoofing , and I can't for the life of me find any coherent satirical point in their inclusion .
I think they 're just there because ... well , it 's kind of funny , I guess , and it says something about people being lazy .
Then there 's the fact that the plot does n't really make all that much sense .
The Dalek plan is convoluted — to put it mildly — and a whole bunch of seemingly important stuff ( like the Daleks melting entire Earth continents ) is brushed aside in the rush to the Doctor 's big moral dilemma .
At this point , it 's a cliche to point out that Rose resolves the plot through pretty much a literal deus ex machina , but that does n't mean it 's not worth pointing out .
The Bottom Line : Ultimately , this story did some things Doctor Who had never tried before .
Sometimes , there 's good reason for that .
Advertisement
" Army of Ghosts " / " Doomsday " ( 2006 )
Advertisement
What Worked : Of all the Doctor Who finales , this is probably the most coherently plotted .
The mystery of the void stuff is set up early with the 3D glasses , and a lot of the apparent logical problems ( like the ghosts not looking anything like Cybermen ) is deftly handled .
The nature of the Genesis Ark is a nice touch , there 's some amusing character stuff in the relationships at Torchwood One , and the reunion between Jackie and Alt - Pete always gets me , despite my best efforts .
I was never a big fan of the special status the series accorded Rose , but I 'll admit the conclusion is well handled .
What Didn't :
There are still a couple minor plot holes , like exactly how an organization as elite as Torchwood One could fail to notice the Cybermen converting their own employees in one of their hallways .
Davies can't resist a couple moments of abject silliness , like Cyber - Yvonne crying an oily tear at the end of the story .
And for what is supposed to be the big Cybermen / Daleks showdown , the Daleks really do kick just a little too much ass to make the fight seem worth talking about .
But then , they did n't face the real Cybermen .
I 'd like to see the Daleks go fifteen rounds with the original bruisers from Mondas .
( Yes , the Daleks would still win , but there 'd be way more insane schemes and cries of " Excellent ! " )
Advertisement
The Bottom Line : Honestly , for a story that is essentially one big excuse to pit the Daleks against the Cybermen , it makes a surprising amount of sense and packs a pretty decent emotional punch .
This is probably my favorite of the bunch .
" The Sound of Drums " / " Last of the Time Lords " ( 2007 )
Advertisement
What Worked : The Toclafane are probably the single creepiest idea in the history of Doctor Who .
Just thinking about them weirds me out all over again , so I really have to give Davies credit for that .
I have to admit , I hated this story on first viewing , but on a rewatch I realized why it 's sort of insanely brilliant — the whole thing is about what it would be like if the Master won .
Davies is so audacious in following through on that premise that " Last of the Time Lords " ends up being the most wonderfully perverse episode in Doctor Who history , as you slowly realize even the tiniest details of the Master 's plot are meant to hurt the Doctor .
What Didn't : Well , there 's the fact that President Winters is a really obnoxious parody of Americans ( and as a politics nerd , I 'm still bothered by the fact that he calls himself " President - Elect " , which just makes absolutely zero sense ) .
Davies writes himself into a corner by making the Master 's victory such a complete one , and he never really comes up with a good solution .
I 'm sorry , but the Doctor being restored by the combined faith of humanity is one of the silliest things I 've ever seen , even if it is kind of set up by the existence of the Master 's telepathic network .
And the ultra-ancient Doctor is really too ridiculous for words .
Advertisement
The Bottom Line : The Master takes over for two episodes , and Doctor Who goes completely insane .
That 's actually a pretty compelling way to look at it , I 'd say , but I still do n't think that excuses some of the just plain silly stuff Davies includes .
" The Stolen Earth " / " Journey 's End " ( 2008 )
Advertisement
What Worked : A lot of the setup is pretty strong .
Honestly , Davies has always been a lot better at building up to the big payoff than actually delivering on said payoff ( " Utopia " is a perfect example of this , as it's pretty much all setup and thus works surprisingly well , delaying the payoff to the finale ) .
Julian Bleach 's Davros might just be the best villain of the new series , even if he really is n't given all that much to do .
The fate of Donna is actually kind of powerful , but its impact is diminished after all the gratuitous guest stars .
The one thing those guests do help do , though , is really hammer home that all the Doctor 's friends eventually leave him .
So there 's that .
What Didn't : Charlie Jane said it best with her recap - this is really just one big fan fiction .
And it is n't even all that good as fan fiction .
It just throws a bunch of unrelated characters together because they happen to have their own TV shows , sets up a pretty tedious moral debate that the Doctor is clearly going to win , and wastes time giving characters entirely gratuitous resolutions when they had already had much better ones ( why yes , I am looking at Rose ) .
I really do n't like the fake regeneration , as I think it cheapens the whole concept , but that might just be me being cranky .
Advertisement
Doctor Who 's Midlife Metacrisis
Wow .
I have n't been so eager for a Doctor Who episode as I was for last night 's finale since the… Read more
The Bottom Line : While " Last of the Time Lords " is insane , " Journey 's End " is just nonsensical .
There 's a big difference , and I 'm not sure what this episode does that any of the previous epics did n't already do .
Advertisement
So based on all that , here are the five things I 'd most like to see " End of Time " accomplish :
1 . Tell a coherent story .
Advertisement
Yep , I 'm shooting for the moon right out of the gate .
Considering all the unlikely returns and longstanding prophecies we already know are going to figure in " The End of Time " , I fear that this is unlikely , but Davies has shown he 's capable of doing this .
I 'd really like to not have to shut off my brain to get through these specials , and I really do n't want to spend an hour afterward coming up with insanely convoluted , fannish explanations to resolve all the plot holes .
If I wanted to do that , I 'd probably just watch " The Two Doctors " again .
( Oh , Season 6B .
You 're my oldest friend . )
2. Realize that giant stakes do n't necessarily equal giant drama .
Advertisement
Davies has made no secret that he tries to make every finale and special more epic than the one before it , and there 's been a solid progression of that in the last four finales .
After all , we 've gone from future Earth in jeopardy to present Earth in jeopardy to present Earth destroyed to entire universe in jeopardy .
That last one was a bit of a big leap , but from the title of " The End of Time " I 'd guess that he 's upped the stakes once again , this time putting all existence for all time in danger .
Which is all well and good , but the scope of the threat does n't necessarily mean all that much in terms of the story 's dramatic heft .
After all , look at the fourth and fifth Doctor 's finales .
In " Logopolis " , the entire universe is under threat , and the whole thing is completely dramatically inert .
In " The Caves of Androzani " , the whole thing does n't really extend beyond a few soldiers , a corrupt CEO , and some gun runners , but it 's maybe the tensest four episodes in Doctor Who history because the Doctor is so completely invested in saving Peri .
If there is n't a solid personal motivation for the Doctor 's actions , the whole thing could become rather painfully abstract and devolve into yet another pseudo - profound moral dilemma .
Here 's hoping Donna will provide just such a motivation .
Advertisement
3 . Lay off the pop culture .
Advertisement
" Bad Wolf " aside , most of this has been limited to the opening post - crisis flip through the TV channels .
It 's relatively unobtrusive , I guess , and I suppose I do n't really have anything against Richard Dawkins having a cameo on Doctor Who ( although everything I 've learned about Ann Widdecombe suggests I should have a problem with her putting in an appearance ) .
Even so , I 'd sort of like David Tennant 's swansong to have a more timeless quality .
It 's kind of a shame that Christopher Eccleston 's final appearance will forever be linked to Big Brother .
4 . Come up with a coherent reason for all the guest stars .
Advertisement
Again , I wo n't spoil it for people by naming specific characters , but characters are coming back .
A lot of them .
And it would be nice for there to be a better reason behind it than a thinly veiled excuse for Captain Jack to flirt with Sarah Jane Smith ( although that was admittedly kinda awesome . )
I actually think " The End of Time " has a shot at pulling this off , as it might in part be a lyrical look back on the Doctor 's past , which would actually somewhat justify all the guest appearances .
Such an approach requires a fairly deft hand , though , and Davies ' strengths have generally been the polar opposite of subtlety .
5 . Make it actually possible for the Doctor to resolve the conflict .
Advertisement
In " Parting of the Ways " , the Doctor was sidelined in favor of Bad Wolf Rose , but then he had already shown he was n't going to do anything to stop the Daleks .
( This was somehow considered a good thing . )
The " other " Doctor has to make the hard decision to destroy the Daleks in " Journey 's End " , which the real Doctor then kind of illogically excoriates him for , banishing him to a human life with Rose .
( Not that anyone was complaining , but still . )
" Last of the Time Lords " is just a little too batshit insane for me to really tell you how the Doctor resolved that one .
I mean , I kind of understand it , but I think I go slightly mad every time I try to think about it .
That just leaves " Doomsday " , in which he does actually solve the story 's big problem .
The reason the void stuff solution works so well is that it 's scientific ( ish ) .
The Doctor is able to think of a solution that requires action , but does n't require superhuman action .
The threats in " Parting of the Ways " and " Journey 's End " were just too big for him to really be capable of fixing .
They 're the kind of things Superman might be able to solve , but not the Doctor .
Obviously , it 's harder coming up with crises that a thinking hero can solve , but Davies has done it before , so hopefully he can do it again .
Advertisement
Ultimately , I 'm going to watch " The End of Time " , and unless it 's a complete train wreck I 'm probably going to enjoy it .
( And even if it is , I 'll probably still enjoy it , just on another level . )
Like so much of Davies 's tenure , I 'm guessing it will be frustrating but largely enjoyable .
But here 's hoping that he can learn a few lessons from his previous forays into epic storytelling and deliver a swansong that 's worthy of his best moments with Doctor Who .
Google 's much - anticipated operating system , Chrome OS , will be available for download next week , or so goes the latest buzz on the Internet .
The latest talk about Google 's operating system is courtesy of TechCrunch 's Michael Arrington , who says this information comes from a " reliable source . "
This is the second rumor saying an early release of Chrome OS was imminent .
Last month , various sources in China were claiming devices running preview builds of the OS would be available for purchase as early as November .
It also follows a string of premature reports of sightings of the OS in the wild that all turned out to be incorrect reports .
While Arrington 's rumor may sound exciting , it 's actually not that surprising considering Google 's past statements .
But if you 're hoping to have Chrome OS running on your laptop before Thanksgiving you might be disappointed .
The Rumor
An early version of Google Chrome OS will be publicly available next week , according to Arrington .
He also says this rumor falls in line with previous plans to release an early version of Chrome OS this fall .
Arrington also believes the early build of Chrome OS will lack support for hardware drivers , which have yet to be built .
From the sounds of it , Arrington is talking about driver support for basic hardware components like network and graphics cards as opposed to peripheral equipment like printers and scanners .
" A robust set of functioning drivers is extremely important to Chrome OS 's success , " Arrington said .
" People will want to download this to whatever computer they use and have it just work . "
Without driver support the OS will be essentially useless .
So Arrington 's best guess is that Chrome OS will only be ready to work on a small number of computers at launch , such as the Asus Eee PC and possibly some of Google 's Chrome OS partners like Acer , Toshiba , and Hewlett - Packard .
Will We Really Get a Glimpse of Chrome OS Next Week ?
When Google announced its new OS last fall the company said they would open source the code for Chrome OS " later this year . "
That would fall in line with Arrington 's rumor , but Google also said that netbooks running Chrome OS would n't be available for consumers until the second half of 2010 .
So what 's likely to happen next week is that Google will make good on its promise and release the Chrome OS source code to developers .
But that does n't necessarily mean the average person will be able to download these files and get the OS up and running .
Source code is just a collection of text files meant for software developers to tinker with .
As I understand it , to get the source code to work as a computer program , you need a compiler that brings all the source code together and turns it into something your computer can actually boot up .
So if Google is only releasing source code and not actual builds of the Chrome OS , getting it to work will probably be out of reach for most users .
To give you an idea of how technical building from source code can be , check out Google 's page detailing how to build your own version of Chrome for Mac .
Good thing Google has already released a developer build that you can just download and install the easy way .
But who knows ?
Maybe Google will release a Chrome OS build that anyone can download and test .
I sure hope so , but somehow I doubt it .
You dirty rat .
Chicago and Cook County residents are n’t the only ones about to get shocking tax news ; the city is debuting a “ tax whistle - blower ” plan that could turn neighbor against neighbor in Chicago ’s business community .
The folks at city hall will pay cash bounties to informants who turn in business tax cheats around the city .
The reward would amount to some sort of percentage of the tax money that the city recovers .
" It 's just another way of bringing people into compliance , " Revenue Department spokesman Ed Walsh told the Sun -Times .
" It would probably be ... a business knowing that a competitor is not remitting a tax .
An employee [ of the tax - dodging business ] could know that , too .
Typically , you need to provide some type of incentive . "
Get NBCChicago's iPhone App .
Be More Awesome .
exploring sustainable development and health from the home front
If Comcast takes over NBC Universal , will Jay Leno return to 11:35 pm ?
That unimportant question is emblematic of the pending sale by GE of a controlling stake in its media properties to the cable giant .
Mr. Leno was moved to 10 p.m. as a cost - saving gesture :
Since his show is so cheap , GE can make money even after chasing away much of its audience for the high - end scripted shows that used to appear at that hour .
As Mr. Leno explained in a candid interview with trade bible Broadcasting & Cable : " If you are making buggy whips and no one is buying buggies anymore , do you keep making buggy whips ?
I do n't know .
This is an economic decision . "
In Jack Welch 's day , an employee perhaps would not have expounded so freely .
Otherwise , however , GE is behaving like what it 's always been , an unsentimental owner of a business that it no longer likes and does n't know how to fix .
Yet , truth be told , Comcast 's shareholders do n't want the job of fixing NBC either .
Only the controlling Roberts family does — and then because the alternative may be having no great future as a prominent American business family .
Ergo , a deal merging " content " and " distribution " seems inevitable , even though the track record of such deals is unpropitious .
More than a year after his first appearance , The Today Show revisited Paul Karason , who suffered an extremely rare side effect when he took colloidal silver to treat a skin condition :
His skin turned blue .
Not a light shade of azure or a sky blue — we 're talking full - on Smurf .
While the 58 - year - old is n't exactly the picture of health — he was recently treated for a blocked artery and prostate cancer — a recent physical indicated that his heart , lungs , kidney and liver were all healthy .
Watch the full interview here :
Visit msnbc.com for Breaking News , World News , and News about the Economy
Screw the poor policies
A recent report out by the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy ( ITEP ) explains :
This study assesses the fairness of each state ’s tax system , measuring the state and local taxes paid by different income groups in 2007 ( including the impact of tax changes enacted through October of 2009 ) as shares of income for every state and the District of Columbia .
The report provides valuable comparisons among the states , showing which states have done the best — and the worst — job of providing a modicum of fairness in their tax systems overall .
The study ’s main finding is that nearly every state and local tax system takes a much greater share of income from middle - and low - income families than from the wealthy .
That is , when all state and local income , sales , excise and property taxes are added up , most state tax systems are regressive .
Let that sink in .
Rome Um ... a number of states are burning down .
State workers are losing jobs , left and right , and a number of state university systems are contemplating tuition hikes that will force a big chunk of the working class , face it folks you either live by wealth or work ( middle class=working class with a social safety net ) out of higher education .
We have state tax systems in which the wealthy refuse to pay their fair share , and yet it 's supposed to be some sort of mystery why this is happening .
You 've got to appreciate how craven the masterminds , from neo-liberal thinktanks , have to be to create a tax system in which those who receive the greatest benefits of our system are those who sacrifice the least for its upkeep .
What am I talking about ?
This is what I 'm talking about .
The effective state tax rate ( Sales , Property , and Income ) for the top 1 % is 5.2 percent of their total income .
For the bottom 20 % ?
10.9 percent of their total family income .
That 's right .
The top 1 % of earners pay less than half the state tax rate of those in the bottom 20 % .
Remember that we 're talking about 3 different kinds of taxation here : Income , Property , and Sales / Excise taxes .
The next time that you hear some jackoff come along with some fair tax bullshit about how a national sales tax could save the country , show them this table .
Then ask them what exactly is fair about sticking those for whom an extra dollar or two means the difference between making rent , and trying to find a cardboard box to make a pup tent , with the bill for the services we all enjoy .
This is the single most important reason that a national sales tax is a bad , bad , bad idea .
And to finish that " low tax " canard off show them this graphic .
" Low tax " states that balance the budget with sales and property taxes are only low tax for the wealthy .
What follows is a table of the highest effective tax rates on the lowest income citizens .
Hmm ...
Those sure look like high tax states to me .
The bottom line is that many so - called " low - tax " states are high - tax states for the poor , and most of them do not offer a good deal to middle - income families either .
Only the wealthy in such states pay relatively little .
What is to be done ?
Once upon a time , when a bank robber was asked why he robbed banks , he famously said : " Because that 's where the money is . "
State governments obviously are n't as smart as this particular bank robber .
Or , more likely .
We 've got a financial - political complex that kills off any attempt to restore fair taxation in committee .
Yes , we 've got a crisis on our hands , but it 's also an opportunity .
It 's time for the President , and the Congress , to fix this mess .
How ?
Go all Liddy Dole on their asses .
During the early 1980s a number of states still had their legal drinking age at 18 , and this really got the Reagan administration up in commotion .
They wanted to show recalcitrant states who was boss , and they did .
The National Minimum Drinking Age Act of 1984 ( 23 U.S.C. § 158 ) , made it so that states which refused to raise their legal drinking age to 21 would lose 10 % of their federal highway funding .
South Dakota was not pleased , and challenged the constitutionality of the legislation in the US Supreme Court .
In the end the case found that :
Congress may attach conditions on the receipt of federal funds , and has repeatedly employed the power " to further broad policy objectives by conditioning receipt of federal moneys upon compliance by the recipient with federal statutory and administrative directives .
This is the key .
A number of states are getting ready to line up for money from the federal government .
Many state unemployment funds are being kept solvent by loans from the federal government .
South Dakota vs .
Dole made clear that it is within the power of the federal government to attach conditions to the fund transfers to the states in order to further public policy .
It 's time that Congress and the President go all Libby Dole on these state governments .
Either they establish income tax regimes that make the wealthy pay their fair share , or they lose access to federal fund transfers .
Beyond the fairness issue , reformulating state tax regimes so as to take the burden off of low income residents and make the wealthy carry their fair share will have a tremendous multiplier effect .
When you put an extra $ 10 a week into the hands of someone whose gross pay is about $ 300 ( 40 hrs a week at min. wage ) they will spend it .
And they will spend it locally , stimulating they economy at the ground level by generating demand .
The option is obvious .
Congress and the President can have an immediate , and lasting , effect on the lives of millions of lower income Americans .
Doubtless generating a great deal of gratitude going into the 2010 midterms .
All the while , addressing a fundamental limit on growth in our economy .
Why not ?
I am a co-editor of a “ new ” journal Surveys in Operations Research and Management Science published by Elsevier .
I ’ll write more about that journal and my thoughts about it in another post .
I expect to be blasted by some people whose opinions I value about teaming up with a commercial publisher , but I did have my reasons !
I spent time this past weekend in Phoenix at an Elsevier editors conference where there were about 70 editors from a wide variety of fields ( lots of medicine and chemistry ) .
During the weekend , there were a number of presentations on things like blogging and electronic paper handling and so on .
One session I enjoyed very much was about bibliometrics : measures to determine the impact of a journal .
I had kinda known some of this before , but it was interesting to get a synopsis of how these things work .
The standard “ impact factor ” comes from the different companies that have owned the Science Citation Index and now the ISI Web of Science ( Thomson Reuters ) .
Briefly , if you want to calculate the impact factor ( IF ) of a journal in 2005 , you look at the 2005 articles from that journal , add up all the references to those articles published in any ISI journal in 2006 and 2007 ( no later ) , and divide by the number of articles in 2005 .
There are lots of details to argue over : what is an “ article ” ?
What is a “ reference ” ?
What journals should be ISI ? and so on .
Even the basic structure certainly gives one pause in determining impact .
This definition of impact means that all the wonderful citations I get for my old papers on voting in Social Choice and Welfare , a set of papers from the late 80s that are currently in vogue , are never measured for the impact of that journal for any year : they fall outside a two year window .
For some very fast moving fields ( say , genetics ) , this two year window might be appropriate .
But for others , including operations research I would say , this window seems to measure the wrong things , ignoring the peak for many papers .
Further , there are lots of ways to manipulate this value ( I will point out that the Elsevier presenter explicitly stated that journals should not do anything specifically to manipulate any impact factor ) .
I have heard of journals that , upon accepting a paper , provide authors with a list of reference suggestions from that journal within the two year window .
“ No pressure , mate , but you might consider these references … helps us out a lot , you know ! ”
Pretty slimy in my view , but it is done .
What I found most interesting is that there are other measures of impact , some of which seem to be gaining traction .
The most intriguing is a measure that uses the same eigenfactor approach that Google uses in its PageRank .
Imagine journals as a network , with edges giving the number of times an article in a journal references the other journal .
This gives an influence diagram , and eigenvalues give ( in a well defined way ) the importance of a node relative to number of references .
It is certainly not clear that number of references is a good proxy for influence , and not every reference is the same .
Consider “ In the fundamental work of [ 1 ] , disproving the absurd argument of [ 2 ] , which built on [ 3,4,5,6,7,8 ] ” : all those articles are referred to once , but I know which one I would like as my article .
But , if you are going to base a measure on counts of references , I would certainly trust an eigenvalue - based approach over a pure counting approach .
The approach , outlined in detail at eigenfactor.com , has the further advantages that it uses a five year window and it ignores journal - level self - citations .
The five - year window gives more time for citations to count towards a paper , without giving a huge advantage to older journals .
Ignoring self - citations gets rid of the easiest method for a journal editor manipulation .
So I like it !
The site eigenfactor.com lets you look at journal eigenfactor and per article influence rankings .
There are a couple of different classifications of journals , so let ’s look at JCR ’s “ Operations Research and Management Science ” list .
The 2007 per article rankings are :
Management Science Mathematical Programming Operations Research Mathematics of OR Transportation Science
Eigenfactor scores ( which measures the overall impact of the journal ) moves things around a bit :
European Journal of Operational Research Management Science Mathematical Programming Operations Research Systems and Control Letters
EJOR is on top since the journal has a good per article impact factor and publishes lots of articles .
INFORMS Journals do pretty well with 4 of the top 5 in the first list and 3 out of five of the second .
What is really neat is to look at the cost to get those eigenfactor values .
It would cost $ 93,408 to subscribe to the 58 journals ( this is the individual journal costs : undoubtedly the large publishers bundle their subscriptions , as does INFORMS ) .
Paying the $ 656 ( in 2007 ) for Management Science is 0.7 % of that cost but gets you more than 10 % of the total eigenfactor in this field .
Subscribing to the top 11 journals in this ranking would cost $ 5723 ( and get you 7 INFORMS journals ) and get you more than 1/3 of the total eigenfactor .
Adding the 12th would get you European Journal of Operational Research but at $ 5298 would practically double your cost while increasing your total eigenfactor amount from 37.8 % to just 49.4 % .
Other amazing prices are with Engineering Optimization that costs $ 4338 for much less than 1 % of the field ’s eigenfactor and International Journal of Production Research which costs $ 7684 , albeit for 8 % of the total eigenfactor .
Now , there are lots of caveats here .
Most importantly , while reference numbers are a proxy for impact , they are not equivalent .
If you have a paper that applies operations research to a real problem , publishing in Interfaces might have the most impact , even if the journal is ranked 21st by eigenfactor .
And when it comes to costs , I am not sure anyone really pays “ list price ” in this day of aggregation ( and prices for individuals are much lower for many journals ) .
When you are arguing with your librarian on which journals to cut ( or , more rarely , add ) , you might want to look at some of this data .
And might I suggest the full suite of INFORMS journals ?
At $ 99 for an individual for online access ( and under $ 5000 for institutions ) , this should give you the recommended daily allowance of eigenfactors at a very affordable price .
Makes a great stocking stuffer at Christmas !
Palm will introduce a Web - based development environment for WebOS applications , called Ares , by the end of this year .
Ares got its first public demonstration on Thursday at the Open Mobile Summit conference in San Francisco .
It is designed to make it easy for developers to pull various components together in Javascript to build applications for the Palm Pre and Pixi , the two handsets that run Palm 's WebOS .
The storied mobile - device company is up against tough competition for developers against the Apple iPhone , Google Android , Research In Motion BlackBerry and other mobile platforms .
It released the WebOS SDK ( software development kit ) to a select group in April and to the public in July .
The company said the SDK has been downloaded tens of thousands of times .
Ares will give developers another way to write WebOS applications and will allow fast development through a drag - and - drop interface , Palm said .
It 's designed to help Web developers make the leap to becoming mobile developers , said Michael Abbott , senior vice president of application software and services at Palm .
Ares will be available by year 's end through the WebOS developer site .
It wo n't require any downloads or configuration , Abbott said .
The environment includes debugging and a mechanism for developers to share libraries and APIs ( application programming interfaces ) , Abbott said .
In a demonstration at the conference , a Palm engineer created a search application for the Flickr Web photo site .
Using a simulation of the WebOS phone interface , he dragged logos , a search field and button , a list widget and other components onto successive screens of the application .
To link the new application to Flickr , he used an Ajax request that called a Flickr API .
Within the phone emulator in Ares , developers can see what the application will look like in both portrait and landscape view .
When the application is finished , the developer can package it up , download it to a phone to try it out , share it with friends or submit it to Palm 's application catalog .
Palm is moving cautiously on its application strategy .
Developers who got the SDK on its early release in April have been able to put their applications on Palm 's app catalog since October , but there are only about 300 applications on it today , compared with about 12,000 for Android and more than 100,000 for the iPhone .
Abbott said Palm wants to make sure all the pieces are in place before its full launch at year 's end , when all developers will be able to submit their apps .
For example , the company does n't want to launch without all the necessary development tools in place , he said .
Ares will work on a variety of Web browsers , including Firefox and Safari , though Palm has not worked on making it work on Internet Explorer , Abbott said .
, 8.4 out of 10 based on 35 ratings
Southeast Water Scarcity Blamed on Overpopulation , Not Climate
Researchers from Columbia 's Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory have showed that the 2005 - 2007 drought was mild compared to many others and was no worse than one just a decade ago .
The study finds that climate change has played no detectable role in the frequency or severity of droughts in the region , and its future effects there are uncertain ; but droughts there are essentially unpredictable , and could strike again at any time .
The study appears in the
" The drought that caused so much trouble was pathetically normal and short , far less than what the climate system is capable of generating , " said lead author Richard Seager , a climate modeler at Lamont - Doherty .
" People were saying that this was a 100 - year drought , but it was pretty run -of - the - mill , " he said .
" The problem is , in the last 10 years population has grown phenomenally , and hardly anyone , including the politicians , has been paying any attention . "
Region wide , the drought ran from late 2005 to winter 2007 - 2008 , though many areas in the south were still dry until September , when the weather turned and flooding killed at least eight people .
Shrunken Lake Lanier , November 2007 .
( Photo by Robert Lz )
During the height of the dry period , Atlanta 's main reservoir , Lake Lanier , sank more than 14 feet , usage restrictions were declared , and states sued each other and the federal government over use of water in rivers and reservoirs .
Seager and his coauthors Alexandrina Tzanova and Jennifer Nakamura put the period in context by comparing it with instrumental weather records from the last century and studies of tree - growth rings , which vary according to rainfall , for the last 1,000 years .
These records show that more severe , extended region - wide droughts came in 1555 - 1574 , 1798 - 1826 and 1834-1861 .
The 1500s drought , which ran into the 1600s in some areas , has been linked by other studies to the destruction of early Spanish and English New World colonies , including Jamestown , Virginia , where 80 percent of settlers died in a short time .
The 20th century was relatively wet , but the study showed that even the 1998 - 2002 drought was worse than that in 2005 - 2007 .
The factor that has changed is population .
In 1990 , Georgia , which uses a quarter of the region 's water , had 6.5 million people .
By 2007 , there were 9.5 million - a rise of almost 50 percent in 17 years .
The population is still growing with many people migrating into the region , but little has been done to increase water storage or reduce consumption , the study finds .
There has been increased sewage discharge near water supplies , and lands have been covered with impermeable roofs , roads and parking lots , which allow rainfall to run off instead of storing it .
Previous studies by Seager and his colleagues have shown that droughts in the American Southwest and Great Plains states are controlled by cyclic changes in tropical Pacific Ocean sea-surface temperatures - the El Niño - Southern Oscillation cycle .
This means that dry weather , which goes along with the cold phase of the cycle , can be predicted to some extent .
But in the current study , the scientists found only a weak correlation between Southeast weather and the tropical Pacific .
Instead , says Seager , dry spells appear to be generated by random changes in regional atmospheric circulation .
This means Southeast weather could dry up at any time .
Seager 's studies also suggest that global warming caused by human activities is beginning to disturb precipitation patterns across the globe .
As a result , he says , the Southwest may have already entered a period of long - term aridity .
In contrast , global warming does not appear to have yet affected rainfall one way or the other in the Southeast .
Most climate models project that higher temperatures will increase rainfall in the Southeast , but as temperatures rise , evaporation will also increase .
At best , says Seager , the two effects may balance each other out ; at worst , evaporation will prove stronger , and result in drier soils and reduced river flows in the long term .
" It was a lot drier in the 19th century than it has been recently , but there were so few people around , it did n't harm anyone , " said Seager .
" Now , we are building big urban centers that make us vulnerable to even slight downturns . "
Mark Svoboda , a climatologist at the National Drought Mitigation Center at the University of Nebraska who was not involved in the Columbia research , said of the study 's results , " This should be a wake - up call .
If this is not the worst case scenario , what are we going to do when the worst - case scenario arrives ? "
David Stahle , a tree-ring scientist at the University of Arkansas who made the link between 1500s - 1600s droughts and the struggles of early Southeast colonies , said settlers then were so vulnerable because they had just arrived and lacked sufficient infrastructure or backup supplies .
Stahle called the Lamont study " a bedtime story with a moral for modern times . "
" Are we returning to a period of sensitivity and danger like the colonists experienced ? " said Stahle .
" Yes , it looks like we are . "
" The Columbia research shows that while the drought was a natural event , the water shortages were indeed caused by humans , " said Randy Serraglio , conservation advocate at the Center for Biological Diversity .
" This is what happens when you have a dramatically increasing population relying on the same limited supply of water . "
" The culprit is us - a rapidly growing human population with unsustainable consumption habits , " Serraglio said .
" Unfortunately , it is usually other species that pay the price for our inability to responsibly manage growth and consumption . "
Handy CSS Debug Snippet
/ Published in : CSS Save to your folder (s )
Great little debuging snippet found while browsing .
The code adds different coloured borders to the assets depending on its level .
Leave commented out if not needed .
Expand | Embed | Plain Text
Copy this code and paste it in your HTML * { outline : 2 px dotted red } * * { outline : 2 px dotted green } * * * { outline : 2 px dotted orange } * * * * { outline : 2 px dotted blue } * * * * * { outline : 1 px solid red } * * * * * * { outline : 1 px solid green } * * * * * * * { outline : 1 px solid orange } * * * * * * * * { outline : 1 px solid blue }
URL : http://homepage.mac.com/chrispage/iblog/C42511381/E20060806095030/index.html
Report this snippet Tweet
Comments
Electric Wizard are a band from Dorset , UK .
They have a distinct , yet traditional doom metal sound that incorporates stoner and sludge traits , with lyrics typically involving the occult , witchcraft , H.P. Lovecraft , horror films and marijuana .
During 2003 , founding members Tim Bagshaw and Mark Greening left to form the band Ramesses , leaving guitarist / vocalist Jus Oborn the only remaining founding member .
The oblivion and ecstasy of crushing doom and high grade marijuana , a sonic aural trip far , far away from this world , where only cyclopean walls of crackling vintage tube amps in fu… read more
Hayley in Room 518
She was beautiful beyond belief and when she smiled , she smiled at you .
You saw her across the room the second you entered .
There was a glow around her , or a magnetism , or some extraordinary grace that caught your eye , a movement of her arm , or a sweep of her hair , or a curve of her body .
Her eyes twinkled an invitation to everyone , yet especially to you .
And then she was gone , and your heart sank .
Had you waited too long to approach her ?
Had she left with friends ?
Had you dreamed the whole thing ?
She had to be staying in this hotel .
But what room ?
What could you do ?
How could you find her ?
What might have been had you had more nerve ?
Let Hayley show you , in room 518 .
More ...
If all of the maximum performance standards were met , about $ 66 million would be paid out , far more than bonuses paid in the past , at a time when total revenue declined by $ 800 million .
At a hearing on the bonuses , a union accountant testified that if the maximum incentives were paid , they would eat up 15.5 percent of operating cash flow .
The bonus plan , which is an effort to replace awards of equity given to managers in the past , was announced in February , just about the time that the company was issuing memos about wage freezes and “ shared sacrifice . ”
At a hearing in May on the previous year ’s bonuses , which the bankruptcy judge granted , Mr. Bigelow said , “ I will tell you that not being rewarded for hard work and hard effort is demotivating . ”
Steve Lopez , a columnist for The Los Angeles Times , knows the feeling .
“ We ’ve got empty desks throughout the newsroom .
Working journalists used to sit at them and serve up good stuff daily .
Then there ’s the issue of our bankruptcy , ” he wrote in an e-mail message , adding , “ Yeah , I ’d have to say the brain trust was tone - deaf , to say the least , in handing out bonuses to the big dogs . ”
In their motion in support of the plan , the Tribune ’s lawyers said , “ the debtors ’ need to maintain these incentives for 2009 remains as strong as ever , as its key personnel are still being called upon to surmount significant industry and macroeconomic challenges while at the same time working diligently toward a successful reorganization . ”
A company spokesman added that in spite of opposition from the unions and the trustee , “ both our senior lender steering committee and the unsecured creditors committee support this plan as in the best interests of the future of the company . ”
Joseph J. McMahon Jr. , the acting trustee for the Tribune bankruptcy , does not agree and filed an objection to the plan on Aug.
4 , writing that the threshold for such payments was high , and he cited relevant case law requiring that the bonuses had to be “ essential to retention of the person because the individual has a bona fide job offer from another business at the same or greater rate of compensation . ”
Nostalgia is a terrible adversary , especially for tactics - based RPG lovers .
So when BioWare officially started calling Dragon Age : Origins the " spiritual successor to Baldur 's Gate II , " you could almost hear a large sigh being let out from the role - playing contingent who worshipped that seminal game and have been disappointed time and time again by similar claims over the years .
While a large part of that uproar was imaginary , fingers were validly pointed towards the non-party - based focus of Neverwinter Nights and the gradual loss of complexity in BioWare 's trio of console - first RPG franchises -- KOTOR , Jade Empire , and Mass Effect -- released over the last decade .
After spending some 60 hours with Dragon
Age , the only bit of soothing calm I can offer towards that worry is that this game is not only the deepest , most story - focused title yet from BioWare , but one you will instantly want to replay .
The classic isometric viewpoint is available in the PC version .
Dragon
Age features superb voice - acting , with Morrigan stealing the show .
The radial menu used in the console version will feel familiar to fans of Mass Effect .
At its core , Dragon
Age is a traditional party - based tactical role - playing game where you command a party of four characters with varying abilities though large dungeons as you move through a grand story arc .
Actions and spells are assigned to each individual party member by pausing the game mid-battle and issuing orders .
Although the game comes with a fairly robust tactical AI editor that lets you set some basic if / else scenarios , you 'll probably spend a good portion of time in pause mode , manually issuing commands to your entire group , especially if you 're working with more than one mage or if you 're the type to obsess over the survival of each party member .
When it comes to comparing Origins with BioWare 's PC RPG past , the biggest change is that Dragon
Age takes place in its own universe , rather than working within the familiar confines of the Dungeons & Dragons license .
Instead of the Forgotten Realms , DA : O is set in the world of Ferelden .
While the names have changed , Ferelden is as traditional a fantasy setting as you can get .
It 's a world populated by elves , dwarves , and humans who all have varying opinions on the merits of good and evil .
While there are subtle shifts in roles here ( elves , or " knife ears , " for example , are a recently liberated slave race ) , the trappings of Dragon Age 's lore still feel familiar and rooted in the standard fantasy archetypes .
But just because it 's familiar in spots does n't mean that it 's poorly executed .
There are a lot of subtle touches -- like the way humans from the neighboring state of the Orlesian Empire speak with a French - tinged accent -- that help make the world work .
The basics of the plot are that you 're a newly minted Grey Warden , the newest recruit of an ancient warrior caste entrusted with keeping the impending Darkspawn threat at bay .
Depending upon your character creation choices , you 'll start with one of six origin stories that define the first hour of your game .
In my playthrough as a mage this meant I was an apprentice within The Circle , an order of mages who are watched over by a company of Templars .
My origin not only impacted how others would react to me , but it also gave me new dialogue choices and introduced characters I would see again later in my journey .
After starting a new character -- the son of a dwarven lord -- it was surprising to see that this character 's origin fit into stories that the mage character heard about while visiting the dwarven lands .
The way the different aspects of the origins are referenced help make the world feel like a more cohesive place .
Getting more specific would likely spoil your fun so just know that your origin , along with the different dialogue choices you 'll make throughout the game , make separate playthroughs feel decidedly unique .
Dragon
Age excels because its story is driven more by the needs of your party than by the overarching plot - lines they witness .
For example , it 's possible for your primary character to become completely overshadowed by the deeds of a fellow party member .
Personally , I attempted to stick to a very altruistic path throughout the game , but it 's not as easy as simply picking the obviously " good " dialogue choices .
You 'll be presented with tough scenarios where none of the options at hand seem particularly good , leaving you to choose what may seem like merely the least evil choice .
In the weeks after completing the game , I still feel sincere regret about how some of those decisions played out and am already making plans to handle them differently in my next playthrough .
The choices cut deep .
The combat in Dragon
Age is where the game feels closest to its computer RPG roots .
This is a classic " pause - and - command " type of game , and it comes with all of the difficulty and micromanagement that , if you 're familiar with old games in this genre , you 'd expect to see .
The changes from the old D&D system that the developer has employed are mostly in its easy - upgrade spell tree , along with a World of Warcraft - like cooldown system on many abilities .
While combat may have been simplified a bit , it 's offset with significantly longer fights .
The game 's boss fights , in particular , get extremely tough and require proper mana management , some well - timed potion - chugging , and a keen eye to watch out for scripted events .
The long dungeon crawls feel like you 're controlling every character in a five - man World of Warcraft instance .
It 's not so much about out - battling your opposition , but outlasting them .
To help give you a bit of an edge in battle , Dragon Age lets you combine some spells and abilities with devastating effects .
Frozen enemies can be shattered by the brunt force of hammers or shields , and it 's easier to give a foe nightmares if you 've already put him to sleep .
You 'll need as much of an edge as you can get , too , because the combat gets tougher to keep up with as you progress into the back half of the story .
Though players looking for less of a challenge can mitigate things a bit by turning the quest down to an easier difficulty , know that if you do n't like the idea of having to pause the action to issue orders , you 're probably not going to enjoy Dragon Age : Origins .
Even with all of the work that 's been done to improve on BioWare 's Infinity - style formula , this is still a difficult game that requires patience and strategy .
In addition to getting tough , it 's also important to note that Dragon Age is not a short game .
My first character ( Mordecai the mage ) completed his journey in just over 50 hours of game time , though if you were to be very particular about completing more side quests , that number could go way , way higher .
In general , the main quest is well - written , and it 's backed up by excellent voicework .
That said , if you stay up on your fantasy fiction , you 'll probably notice some story elements that beat not - so - subtle similarities to the classic Arthurian saga or even portions of recent pulp epics , like George Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire novels .
After your origin prologue and initiation into the Grey Wardens , you 're essentially given free reign to complete the main plot in whichever order you deem prudent .
While mixing this sequence can change the story slightly , it 's mostly a linear affair on your way to the game 's final two chapters .
Shifts in the narrative are more drastic within the chapters themselves , and the choices you 'll make regarding certain party members make the game immensely replayable .
There are multiple endings to see here , and they feel more fleshed - out and satisfying than the hastily stiched - together conclusions of something like , say , Fallout 3
The main difference between the PC version of Dragon Age and its console counterparts are in the interface .
The PC version sports a classic hotbar configuration and a more tactical perspective on the action , while the console versions opt for a Mass Effect - style radial menu and over - the - shoulder camera .
The console versions certainly are n't bad , but if you 're looking to pick the best version , the PC 's layout is more elegant and functional than the comparatively limited radial menus on the console release .
Also , the PC version is capable of looking significantly better than the console versions , though all editions feature impressive spell effects and environments .
Though the PC version offers a more pulled - out view , I found myself zoomed in more often than not .
In fact , the inclusion of things like skies and ceilings ( which were n't exactly present in most previous games of this sort ) make the environments complicated enough that the zoomed - out , isometric perspective gets a little clunky .
In the end , Dragon Age : Origins feels like a real throwback to the good old days of PC role - playing epics .
It also feels like exactly what you expect the makers of Baldur 's Gate to come up with as a follow - up to that classic .
While that means you could rightfully fault the game for not being especially innovative , it 's this adherence to a classic style of gameplay that will ensure that it 's welcomed by the legions of nostalgic RPG players that make up this genre 's core audience .
That said , this is definitely not the game for those frightened of the idea of micromanaging a game to the point where a large portion of it will be spent in a pause screen .
However , as the sort of guy that has lovingly played an Infinity Engine game at least once every year for the past decade , I can think of no higher praise for this throwback than to say that Dragon Age : Origins leaves me feeling fairly confident I wo n't need to dig out the classics for this ritual next year .
Earlier this week , Nouriel Roubini came out with a very gloomy op - ed in the FT essentially warning that there 's a gigantic bubble being inflated with cheap US dollars being used in a carry trade .
Analyst David Goldman argues that this theory is pure and total rubbish :
There is NO evidence that the world is borrowing money to buy equities .
American assets have gotten cheaper , American companies earning cash flows in foreign currency or producing international tradables are worth more — and that ’s it .
Now , I think stocks will fall from present levels for a number of reasons , but that is not a collapsing bubble .
Bubbles are created through leverage .
There are plenty of worrying applications of leverage , for example , the Private - Public Investment Partnerships that have levered up distressed structured securities a dozen times , and goosed up the price of what used to be called toxic waste .
I described this as a mini-bubble toxic waste which contributed to high “ trading profits ” during the third quarter .
My recommendation was to sell the banks .
As the mini-bubble burst at the end of October ( I reported last week ) banks stocks have come down .
So what should we be worried about ?
Stocks are overpriced , the economy ’s weak , and things are bad .
That ’s not quite the same as the end of the world .
If we do get an end - of - the - world scenario , it will be due to some outside the usual range of worries ( e..g , Israel strikes Iran ’s nuclear program , Iran shuts down the Straits of Hormuz , and oil goes to $ 300 a barrel ) .
Read the whole thing >
Tuesday , November 10 , 12:00 AM EDT
Things I 'd Rather Do Than Watch the New Twilight Movie
11 . Eat a breakfast of Frost Broken Glass Flakes drenched in sulphuric acid.
10 .
Create a corn maze which reads " Twilight Sucks " when viewed from the air .
9 . Remove my fingernails with my Swiss Army Knife then reattach them with salted duct tape .
8 . Become a taste tester at Miller Brewing .
7 . Start an Internet rumor that Robert Pattinson has died , and they are n't going to finish the movies because of it .
6 . Let a real vampire show me what being a vampire is all about .
5 . Tell 4 chan they suck then give them my home phone number and address .
4 . Dive into a swimming pool filled with double - edged razor blades .
3 . Poke out my eyes to see if hidden regeneration ability makes them grow back .
2 . Change my WoW password to a randomly generated 64 - character string , and not write it down .
1 . Drink decaf .
This one goes to 11 .
Previous Story :
MPAA Studios to Liquidate Due to Losses from Movie Piracy Next Story :
Geek Horoscopes
Included on the official site as part of their videos for The Waters of Mars is an interview with Russell T Davies where he discusses what the phrase , " He will knock four times " means .
See it in the player below .
Labels : 2009 Christmas Special , end of time , RTD Interview , Russell T Davies , The End of Time , Video
This article may be reprinted free of charge provided 1 ) that there is clear attribution to the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , and 2 ) that both the OMNS free subscription link http://orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html and also the OMNS archive link http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/index.shtml are included .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , November 13 , 2008
Why treat nutritional deficiency with drugs ?
by Andrew W. Saul ( OMNS , November 13 , 2008 )
A recent study suggested that statins might be used to avoid the effects of nutritional deficiency .
Writing in the New England Journal of Medicine , the Jupiter group described a study of statin drugs in people with high C- reactive protein and low cholesterol .
( 1 ) High C- reactive protein levels are associated with inflammation and heart disease / stroke .
The authors concluded that , in apparently healthy persons with elevated C- reactive protein levels , rosuvastatin ( Crestor ) significantly reduced the incidence of major cardiovascular events .
Their much - publicized claim , that this statin lowers the risk of heart attack by approximately one half , is technically correct though highly misleading .
The reported annual incidence of coronary events was 37 people in 10,000 ( controls ) and 17 people in 10,000 ( treated ) .
Similar results were reported for risk of stroke .
When expressed as a proportion , a 46 % improvement ( 17/37 ) sounds large .
However , an improvement of 20 events ( 37 - 17 ) in 10,000 people known to be at risk is less impressive .
Such an improvement means that 500 people ( 10,000 /20 ) with this increased risk would need to take the tablet daily for a year , to prevent one person suffering an event .
The paper does not explicitly report deaths .
One reason for this may be that if a person on statins suffered a heart attack , that person was about three times more likely to die than a control who was not on statins .
The cost of rosuvastatin per person is approximately $ 1000 per year .
So , treating enough people to prevent one heart attack costs $ 500,000 per year .
Since about 70 % of the heart attacks were not fatal , prevention of a single death from heart attack would cost even more , approximately $ 1,700,000 .
Giving the benefit of the doubt , we may allow for a similar reduction in stroke and say that " only " $ 250,000 is needed to protect one person from a stroke or heart attack .
It is hardly surprising that Astra Zeneca 's share price increased by $ 1.3 billion dollars on release of this paper and the corresponding media hype .
( 2 ) The media suggested millions of healthy people could cut their risk of heart disease by taking statins .
( 3 ) They also claimed that statins could cut the risk of heart attack for " everyone " .
( 4 ) This is inaccurate and incorrect .
The study did not include normal healthy people , only a sample of a relatively small number of people , suffering from inflammation ( increased C- reactive protein ) - a known cause of heart disease and stroke .
Out of 89,890 people considered for inclusion , 17,802 people ( 19.8 % ) met the specific criteria of poor health for the study .
Widespread prescription of statins to healthy people is not supported by these findings .
The fact that statins produce a modest improvement is unsurprising , since they are known to lower inflammation , as do many nutritional supplements .
As Bill Sardi has pointed out , Crestor lowered C- reactive protein by 37 % , but vitamin E lowers it by 32 % , ( 5 ) and vitamin C by 25.3 % .
( 6,7 ) These effects are similar to those of statins and would be expected to provide comparable benefits , without side effects and at a lower cost .
Crestor and other statin drugs have serious side effects .
The incidence of established side - effects , such as rhabdomyolysis ( 0.3 per 10,000 per year ) , myopathy ( 1.1 per 10,000 ) and peripheral neuropathy ( 1.2 per 10,000 per year ) seems low , ( 8 ) but may be underestimated as it takes time to establish long - term side - effects .
( The depletion of coenzyme Q10 by statins is a particular concern . )
The figures imply that for every ten people who avoid a cardiovascular event , at least one previously healthy person will suffer a non-trivial side effect of the statin drug .
The doctors reported a statistically significant increase ( 270 ) in diabetes in the statin group compared to the placebo group ( 216 ) .
Over the course of the study , this corresponds to an increased risk of approximately 61 in 10,000 people .
So , the number of people on statins reported to become diabetic was greater than the number that avoided a heart attack !
These people might have shorter lives and be at greater risk of heart disease in the long term .
Notably , the Jupiter study was stopped early , which the authors admit prevents assessment of how side - effects might outweigh reported benefits in the longer term .
The study was to last 3 - 5 years and the criteria for stopping were not included in the original published design .
( 9 ) The paper claims that when the study was stopped " these [ diabetic ] events were not adjudicated by the end - point committee " .
The committee either knew about the diabetes in which case it was considered , or it did not and the committee was not doing its job properly .
The Jupiter name stands for Justification for the Use of statins in Prevention : an Intervention Trial Evaluating Rosuvastatin ; the reader might think this " justification " sounds more like a marketing plan than a scientific endeavor .
The researchers did not address the underlying cause of the inflammation and increased C - reactive protein : they simply treated the condition with drugs .
In many cases , raised C- reactive protein is a result of nutritional deficiency .
( 10 )
It is worth mentioning that several nutritional supplements inhibit inflammation and lower C - reactive protein , without causing known side effects .
Deficiency in vitamins A , ( 11 ) B6 , C , E , A , folate , carotenoids and lycopene , ( 12 ) and selenium ( for example ) is associated with raised C - reactive protein .
( 13,14,15 ) We suggest that the $ 250,000 cost of preventing a single cardiovascular event with rosuvastatin might be better spent funding a study of such inexpensive alternatives the deficiency of which may be the cause of the problem .
The people at risk could be encouraged to supplement their diet and restore their health without using these expensive drugs to conceal their underlying sickness .
Stick with the supplements !
References : ( 1 ) Ridker P.M. Danielson E. Fonseca F.A.H. Genest J. Gotto A.M. Kastelein J.J.P. Koenig W. Libby P. Lorenzatti A.J. MacFadyen J.G. Nordestgaard B.G. Shepherd J. Willerson J.T. Glynn R.J. for the JUPITER Study Group ( 2008 ) Rosuvastatin to Prevent Vascular Events in Men and Women with Elevated C- Reactive Protein , NEJM , 359 ( 21 ) , 2195 -2207 .
(2) Mail Online ( 2008 ) Crestor news helps AstraZeneca market value leap by more than £ 1.3bn , 9:25 PM , 10th Nov .
(3) Smith R. ( 2008 ) Millions could cut heart attack risk by taking statins , study finds , telegraph.co.uk , 7:55 AM GMT , 10 Nov .
(4) Hope J. ( 2008 )
The new statin drug that cuts the risk of heart attacks and strokes for EVERYONE , Daily Mail , 11th Nov .
(5) Devaraj S. Tang R. Adams - Huet B. Harris A. Seenivasan T. de Lemos J.A. Jialal I. ( 2007 ) Effect of high - dose alpha - tocopherol supplementation on biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation and carotid atherosclerosis in patients with coronary artery disease , Am J Clin Nutr , 86 ( 5 ) , 1392-1398 .
(6) Block G. Jensen C.D. Dalvi T.B. Norkus E.P. Hudes M. Crawford P.B. Holland N. Fung E.B. Schumacher L. Harmatz P. ( 2008 ) Vitamin C treatment reduces elevated C- reactive protein , Free Radic Biol Med , Oct 10 . [ Epub ]
(7) Sardi B. ( 2008 ) The Headline You Should Be Reading : Statin Drugs Don't Save Lives And May Increase Your Risk For Diabetes , Knowledge of Health Report , Nov 11 .
(8) Law M. Rudnicka A.R. Statin Safety : A Systematic Review , The American Journal of Cardiology , 97 ( 8 ) , Suppl 1 , S52 - S60 .
(9 ) Ridker P.M. JUPITER Study Group ( 2003 ) Rosuvastatin in the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease among patients with low levels of low - density lipoprotein cholesterol and elevated high - sensitivity C- reactive protein : rationale and design of the JUPITER trial , Circulation , 108( 19 ) , 2292-2297 .
( 10 ) Ford E.S. Liu S. Mannino D.M. Giles W.H. Smith S.J. ( 2003 ) C- reactive protein concentration and concentrations of blood vitamins , carotenoids , and selenium among United States adults , European Journal of Clinical Nutrition , 57 , 1157 - 1163 .
( 11 ) Root M.M. Hu J. Stephenson L.S. Parker R.S. Campbell T.C. ( 1999 ) Determinants of plasma retinol concentrations of middle - aged women in rural China .
Nutrition 15 , 101-107 .
( 12 ) Boosalis M.G. Snowdon D.A. Tully C.L. Gross M.D. ( 1996 ) : Acute phase response and plasma carotenoid concentrations in older women : findings from the nun study , Nutrition , 12 , 475-478 .
( 13 ) Friso S. Jacques P.F. Wilson P.W. Rosenberg I.H. Selhub J.( 2001 )
Low circulating vitamin B ( 6 ) is associated with elevation of the inflammation marker C- reactive protein independently of plasma homocysteine levels , Circulation , 103 ( 23 ) , 2788-2791 .
( 14 ) Devaraja S. Jialal I. ( 2000 ) Alpha tocopherol supplementation decreases serum C- reactive protein and monocyte interleukin - 6 levels in normal volunteers and type 2 diabetic patients , Free Radical Biology and Medicine , 29 ( 8 ) , 790-792 .
( 15 ) Upritchard J.E. Sutherland W.H. Mann J.I. ( 2000 ) : Effect of supplementation with tomato juice , vitamin E , and vitamin C on LDL oxidation and products of inflammatory activity in type 2 diabetes , Diabetes Care , 23 , 733-738 .
Nutritional Medicine is Orthomolecular Medicine Orthomolecular medicine uses safe , effective nutritional therapy to fight illness .
For more information : http://www.orthomolecular.org
The peer - reviewed Orthomolecular Medicine News Service is a non-profit and non-commercial informational resource .
Editorial Review Board : Damien Downing , M.D .
Harold D. Foster , Ph.D .
Steve Hickey , Ph.D .
Abram Hoffer , M.D. , Ph.D .
James A. Jackson , PhD
Bo H. Jonsson , MD , Ph.D
Thomas Levy , M.D. , J.D .
Erik Paterson , M.D .
Gert E. Shuitemaker , Ph.D. Andrew W. Saul , Ph.D. , Editor and contact person .
Email : omns@orthomolecular.org
To Subscribe at no charge : http://www.orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html
Earlier this week , the inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program , a k a , the bank bailout fund , released his report on the 2008 rescue of the American International Group , the insurer .
The gist of the report is that government officials made no serious attempt to extract concessions from bankers , even though these bankers received huge benefits from the rescue .
And more than money was lost .
By making what was in effect a multibillion - dollar gift to Wall Street , policy makers undermined their own credibility  and put the broader economy at risk .
For the A.I.G. rescue was part of a pattern : Throughout the financial crisis key officials  most notably Timothy Geithner , who was president of the New York Fed in 2008 and is now Treasury secretary  have shied away from doing anything that might rattle Wall Street .
And the bitter paradox is that this play - it - safe approach has ended up undermining prospects for economic recovery .
For the job of fixing the broken economy is far from done  yet finishing the job has become nearly impossible now that the public has lost faith in the government ’s efforts , viewing them as little more than handouts to the people who got us into this mess .
About the A.I.G. affair : During the bubble years , many financial companies created the illusion of financial soundness by buying credit - default swaps from A.I.G.  basically , insurance policies in which A.I.G. promised to make up the difference if borrowers defaulted on their debts .
It was an illusion because the insurer did n’t have remotely enough money to make good on its promises if things went bad .
And sure enough , things went bad .
So why protect bankers from the consequences of their errors ?
Well , by the time A.I.G. ’s hollowness became apparent , the world financial system was on the edge of collapse and officials judged  probably correctly  that letting A.I.G. go bankrupt would push the financial system over that edge .
So A.I.G. was effectively nationalized ; its promises became taxpayer liabilities .
Polls show that between one - third and one - half of Americans still believe that there is " no solid " evidence of global warming , or that if warming is happening it can be attributed to natural variability .
Others believe that scientists are still debating the point .
Join scientist and renowned historian Naomi Oreskes as she describes her investigation into the reasons for such widespread mistrust and misunderstanding of scientific consensus and probes the history of organized campaigns designed to create public doubt and confusion about science .
( # 13459 )
A man has died after being shot by police opposite a primary school in Sydney 's south - west .
Just before 9:00 am AEDT , four officers were called to a home in Wangee Road at Lakemba after reports a man was trying to hurt himself .
They say when they got there the 36 - year - old had stabbed himself .
His father , aged 65 , was at home .
Assistant Commissioner Stuart Wilkins said the officers found the man lying on the ground but he then moved , threatening police .
" We believe he has grabbed a knife from the kitchen and confronted police , " he said .
A sergeant , with 21 years of experience in the force , reacted by shooting him .
The man was taken to Canterbury Hospital in a critical condition but later died .
It is not yet known if he died from a bullet or a self - inflicted stab wound .
Assistant Commissioner
Wilkins said the policewoman did have a taser but he does not know why she did not use it .
He says she is being counselled at Campsie Police Station and an internal investigation is underway .
One neighbour told the ABC he was shocked by the shooting .
" As you can see there is a school opposite , mothers dropping off kids ; [ the street ] has been very quiet , " he said .
The New South Wales Government rolled out tasers to frontline officers last year , promoting their importance as an alternative weapon to a gun for police dealing with the mentally ill .
Michael Steele 's buffoonery knows no bounds , but I wonder if he 's telling the truth this time or just trying to play the race card to save his job .
Republican National Committee ( RNC ) chairman Michael Steele , who is known for making controversial statements , on Sunday said that white Republicans are afraid of him .
Steele also took aim at some in his own party last week as well , saying that he would " come after " centrist Republicans who support healthcare reform .
The Republican chairman appeared on NewsOne 's " Washington Watch " this weekend , a new Sunday political talk show aimed at a black audience .
The host , Roland Martin , asked Steele how Republicans could reach out to black voters .
Steele responded by talking about issues such as education , small business , jobs and the economy , The rest is in a partial transcript : MARTIN : But your candidates got to talk to them .
One of the criticisms I 've always had is Republicans -- white Republicans -- have been scared of black folks .
STEELE : You 're absolutely right .
I mean I 've been in the room and they 've been scared of me .
I 'm like , " I 'm on your side " and so I can imagine going out there and talking to someone like you , you know , [ say ] " I 'll listen . "
And they 're like " Well . "
Let me tell you .
You saw in Christie and you saw in McDonnell a door open because they went in and engaged .
McDonnell was very deliberate about spending ...
MARTIN : Right .
STEELE : I mean , Sheila Johnson was on his team .
I mean , that was a big deal .
That 's because he engaged her and she helped navigate him through that relationship .
Where are the black Congress members ?
Michael Steele is saying that because of the color of his skin , his fellow Republicans are afraid of him .
He is proving the point that we 've been making for a long time .
When you look at tea parties , they are predominantly white folks shouting down Obama 's race and religion .
If the party Establishment is afraid of Steele , how is there any room for race relations to improve in this country --- ever ?
This poll -- showing that Americans do n't think Obama has improved race relations in the country -- first of all makes no sense :
How is President Obama supposed to improve race relations when he has white supremacists , birthers , Oathers and militia members filling up the ranks the tea party brigades that are out there in full view of the American people and are smearing non-whites on a consistent basis ?
How is the president supposed to suddenly ease racial tensions when Republicans and mouthpieces like Fox News are promoting racial division , telling their audiences that the president is a radical black who hates white people ?
Why is n't Michael Steele using his position in the Republick Party to do something about it himself ?
David Cameron is facing a major revolt by the Conservative Party grassroots over his policy on Europe , according to a survey for The Independent .
The poll of 2,205 Tory members by the ConservativeHome.com website found that more than eight in 10 want him to call a referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon even if it has been approved by the next general election – a pledge he is refusing to make .
Total withdrawal from the European Union is the most favoured option among party members when asked how a Tory government should handle the issue , putting them totally at odds with a Tory leadership committed to British membership .
Some 82 per cent want to freeze Britain 's financial contributions to the EU .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The findings suggest that the damaging divisions on Europe which destabilised the last Tory government could resurface at the party 's annual conference in Manchester .
Mr Cameron has played down the issue but it is firmly back on the agenda because of yesterday 's referendum on the Lisbon Treaty in Ireland , the result of which will be announced today .
The expected Yes vote would remove the biggest remaining hurdle to ratification by all 27 EU member states .
Mr Cameron has promised a referendum in Britain if he becomes prime minister and the treaty has not been ratified by then .
But he is reluctant to call one if it has already won EU - wide approval , as withdrawing from it would plunge Britain 's relations with its EU partners into chaos .
Conservative Eurosceptics will demand a referendum even if Ireland votes Yes .
Mr Cameron will play for time , arguing that the treaty still needs approval by Poland and the Czech Republic .
Although he would " not let matters rest " if the treaty has been approved throughout Europe when the election is held , he refuses to say what that means .
Tory MPs believe his approach will come under severe strain if the party wins .
Many share the Euroscepticism of the party grassroots highlighted by ConservativeHome 's online survey this week .
Asked to outline Britain 's ideal relationship with the EU , 39 per cent of Tory members believe it should pull out and set up a free trade deal with other European countries .
A further 29 per cent say it should remain an EU member but seek a fundamental renegotiation of Britain 's terms .
Another 20 per cent want to repatriate some powers from Brussels .
Only 9 per cent want to stay in the EU and oppose a further loss of sovereignty .
In a sign of how far the Tories have shifted on Europe , a tiny 3 per cent of party members say Britain should play a full part in building an " ever closer union " .
More than half ( 55 per cent ) want to start a new referendum process if the Lisbon Treaty has been approved and the Tories win power , while 29 per cent say the treaty should be declared illegitimate and a British referendum held to give a Cameron government the authority to opt out of the treaty 's provisions .
Only 11 per cent of Tory members would accept that the treaty could not be undone – Mr Cameron 's likely stance as prime minister – while only 5 per cent would welcome it and put Britain " at the heart of Europe " .
Mr Cameron is also under pressure from Tory members to outline a clearer policy on the economy .
Some 46 per cent say the Opposition should give specific examples of public services that would be cut and of some taxes that would rise .
A further 12 per cent say that the Tories should spell out exactly what would be cut and which taxes would rise .
But 42 per cent believe the party cannot set out precise plans until it takes office .
If Mr Cameron were to fall under the proverbial bus , the former leader William Hague ( 59 per cent ) is the overwhelming favourite to succeed him .
David Davis , now on the Tory back benches , is favoured by 17 per cent , ahead of the London Mayor Boris Johnson ( 7 per cent ) , the shadow Defence Secretary Liam Fox ( 5 per cent ) and the shadow Education Secretary Michael Gove ( 3 per cent ) .
The shadow Chancellor George Osborne is backed by a surprisingly low 2 per cent , the same proportion which favours the culture spokesman Jeremy Hunt .
Mr Osborne is the third most popular member of Mr Cameron 's Shadow Cabinet among party members .
He enjoys a net satisfaction rating of 61 per cent ( down from 70 per cent a year ago ) .
Mr Hague keeps his place at the top of the popularity chart ( 83 per cent ) , while Mr Fox ( 61 per cent ) moves up from seventh to second place .
Eric Pickles , the Tory chairman ( 49 per cent ) , drops from second to eighth place , while the shadow Home Secretary Chris Grayling ( 50 per cent ) slips from fourth to seventh .
NGINX HTTP Push Module is now obsolete .
It has been remolded , reworked , and rebooted into Nchan , which is 99 % backwards compatible with the Push Module .
You should really upgrade , unless you do n't want to .
This module turns Nginx into an adept HTTP Push and Comet server .
It takes care of all the connection juggling , and exposes a simple interface to broadcast messages to clients via plain old HTTP requests .
This lets you write live - updating asynchronous web applications as easily as their oldschool classic counterparts , since your code does not need to manage requests with delayed responses .
NHPM fully implements the Basic HTTP Push Relay Protocol , a no-frills publisher / subscriber protocol centered on uniquely identifiable channels .
It is an order of magnitude simpler and more basic than similar protocols ( such as Bayeux ) .
However , this basic functionality together with the flexibility of the server configuration make it possible to reformulate most HTTP Push use cases in Basic HTTP Push Relay Protocol language with very little application - and client - side programming overhead .
You 're writing a live - updating web application .
Maybe it 's some sort of chat , a multiplayer Flash game , a live feed reader , or maybe it's a realtime HTCPCP teapot controller .
Either way , you wo n't have status updates come only when the user refreshes a page , and polling the server every couple of seconds seems to you ugly and insufficient .
But you do n't quite want to commit to writing your application in any of the available asynchronous scripted web server frameworks .
You 're also not crazy about CometD , maybe because you think the Bayeux protocol is overkill .
You download , install , and configure the module .
In a few lines of javascript you implement a subscriber client , and with nothing else but an HTTP request from your application to the server ( maybe with curl , maybe with something else ) , you send live messages to long - polling subscribers .
The latest beta release is 0.731 ( October 2 2015 ) . ( changelog )
md5 : d25cfe12dd8ea54115b88c0753ce91ec sha1 : 07857771763b8d017c668a3b10226d690c7d8ddf
Nginx HTTP Push Module is distrbuted under the MIT Licence .
Modules are added by compiling them along with the Nginx source .
Download the push module , untar , and run ./ configure --add-module=path/to/nginx_http_push_module ...
make Install via make install
NHPM is compatible with Nginx versions 0.8 and above ( tested up to 1.8 ) .
$ push_channel_id
A token uniquely identifying a communication channel .
Must be present in the context of the push_subscriber and push_publisher directives .
Example : set $ push_channel_id $ arg_id ; # channel id is now the url query string parameter " id " #(/foo/bar?id=channel_id_string )
[ long - poll | interval - poll ] default : long - poll context : server , location Defines a server or location as a subscriber .
This location represents a subscriber 's interface to a channel 's message queue .
The queue is traversed automatically via entity - caching request headers ( If - Modified - Since and If - None - Match ) , beginning with the oldest available message .
Requests for upcoming messages are handled in accordance with the setting provided .
See the protocol documentation for a detailed description .
The directive value controls server behavior when a subscriber requests a message that has yet to arrive .
Naturally , long - poll long - polls the request , while interval - poll is responded to immediately with a 304 Not Modified status code until the requested message becomes available .
[ last | first | broadcast ] default : broadcast context : http , server , location Controls how multiple subscriber requests to a channel ( identified by some common channel id ) are handled .
The values work as follows : broadcast : any number of concurrent subscriber requests may be held .
last : only the most recent subscriber request is kept , all others get a 409 Conflict response .
first : only the oldest subscriber request is kept , all others get a 409 Conflict response .
push_publisher default : none context : server , location Defines a server or location as a message publisher .
Requests to a publisher location are treated as messages to be sent to subscribers .
See the protocol documentation for a detailed description .
push_store_messages [ on | off ] default : on context : http , server , location Whether or not message queuing is enabled .
" Off " is equivalent to the setting push_message_buffer_length 0 ;
push_max_reserved_memory [ size ] default : 32 M context : http
The size of the memory chunk this module will use for all message queuing and buffering .
push_min_message_buffer_length [ number ] default : 1 context : http , server , location
The minimum number of messages to store per channel .
A channel 's message buffer will retain at least this many most recent messages .
push_max_message_buffer_length [ number ] default : 10 context : http , server , location
The maximum number of messages to store per channel .
A channel 's message buffer will retain at most this many most recent messages .
push_message_buffer_length [ number ] default : off context : http , server , location
The exact number of messages to store per channel .
Sets both push_max_message_buffer_length and push_min_message_buffer_length to this value .
push_delete_oldest_received_message [ off ] default : 0 context : http , server , location
When enabled , as soon as the oldest message in a channel 's message queue has been received by a subscriber , it is deleted -- provided there are more than push_max_message_buffer_length messages in the channel 's message buffer .
Recommend avoiding this directive as it violates subscribers ' assumptions of GET request idempotence .
push_message_timeout [ time ] default : 1h context : http , server , location
The length of time a message may be queued before it is considered expired .
If you do not want messages to expire , set this to 0 .
Applicable only if a push_publisher is present in this or a child context .
push_authorized_channels_only [ on | off ] default : off context : http , server , location
Whether or not a subscriber may create a channel by making a request to a push_subscriber location .
If set to on , a publisher must send a POST or PUT request before a subscriber can request messages on the channel .
Otherwise , all subscriber requests to nonexistent channels will get a 403 Forbidden response .
push_channel_group [ string ] default : none context : server , location Because settings are bound to locations and not individual channels , it is useful to be able to have channels that can be reached only from some locations and never others .
That 's where this setting comes in .
Think of it as a prefix string for the channel id .
push_max_channel_id_length [ number ] default : 512 context : main , server , location Maximum permissible channel id length ( number of characters ) .
Longer ids will be truncated .
[ number ] default : 0 ( unlimited ) context : main , server , location Maximum concurrent subscribers .
Pretty self - explanatory .
For an overview and some configuration examples , take a look at this excellent ( but slightly outdated ) post by Ilya Grigorik .
This section will be expanded further .
Sit tight .
Make sure your subscriber clients handle caching headers correctly , and are not confused by the Vary header .
( I 'm looking at you , Internet Explorer . )
For maximum cross - browser compliance , you may wish to forward the Last - Modified and Etag headers manually ( see dumbchat.js for an example ) .
header .
( I 'm looking at you , Internet Explorer . )
For maximum cross - browser compliance , you may wish to forward the and headers manually ( see dumbchat.js for an example ) .
When using $ arg_PARAMETER variables for a $ push_channel_id , keep in mind that Nginx does not parse the value if it is url - encoded .
variables for a $ push_channel_id , keep in mind that Nginx does not parse the value if it is url - encoded .
Be careful writing a subscriber client with jQuery — it has the inexplicable tendency of adding a random parameter to the query string , which understandably confuses the browser trying to forward caching headers .
Make sure to turn off this weird behavior .
If your application makes publisher requests , make sure to use keep - alive connections in your production environment .
Otherwise , it will bear the ( slight but perhaps meaningful ) overhead of a TCP / IP handshake for every publisher request .
This section will be expanded further .
Sit tight .
Nginx is quite excellent at dealing with open connections .
Using this module adds a small amount of overhead -- a dozen or so bytes per channel , and around a hundred per each open subscriber request ( depending , of course , on the size of the request ) .
Channel messages are stored either in memory or , when they exceed some reasonable size threshold , in temporary files .
If you intend to have millions of channels open with millions of messages that take weeks to expire and be purged , consider increasing the push_max_reserved_memory setting .
CPU usage should be completely unnoticeable .
Channels are stored in a red - black tree , and have an O ( log ( N ) ) retrieval cost .
All other NHPM operations are constant - time , so things should scale quite well .
Oh , hi there .
I'm Leo .
Got questions ?
A successful large - scale deployment ?
A failing one ?
Found a bug ?
Want to submit a patch ?
Send money ? ... Cake ?
Email me at push.harder@slact.net , or get in touch with me on github .
Lucky was raised by the Westgarths in a farming town in south - east Australia
The world 's oldest sheep has died in Australia at the age of 23 - twice the normal life expectancy - after succumbing to a record heatwave .
Lucky hit the Guinness record in 2007 and was a celebrity in her hometown of Lake Bolac , near Melbourne .
The ewe had died on Monday at the farm where she had been found as a little lamb , her owner Delrae Westgarth said .
Lucky was hand - reared from birth after being abandoned by her mother .
She went on to have 35 offspring of her own .
" She used to come and howl at the back gate , torment the dogs and that sort of thing , " Mrs Westgarth told public broadcaster ABC .
Lucky , a Polwarth - Dorchester cross , succumbed to a weeklong heatwave , as temperatures soared above 30C ( 86 F ) .
" We brought her into the shed where she was reared and put air conditioners on her , " Mrs Westgarth said , but she did not survive .
Lucky - who became toothless and arthritic in her old age - had been buried under her favourite nectarine tree , Mrs Westgarth added .
A copy of her Guinness World Record certificate is on the wall of Lake Bolac 's tourist information centre , which carries Lucky postcards , bookmarks and wool samples for sale , the Melbourne Herald - Sun reports .
Last week , HP ( NYSE : HPQ ) held a hacking challenge to test participants ' security abilities .
The challenge had both an internal HP and a public online component , with the purpose of teaching people about security by putting them through a series of challenges .
Those challenges were based on real - world login examples , with participants trying to figure out how to break in by taking advantage of Web application security vulnerabilities .
While HP has a number of commercial products that are used to help IT administrators secure their environments , the company believes that tools alone are not enough to meet the hacking challenge .
" Most of our log - in challenges were designed to subvert tools , " Matt Wood , senior security research at HP web security research group , told InternetNews.com .
" The way they were designed , HP WebInspect or any other Web application scanning tool would not have been able to identify every single one of the hacks automatically . "
HP WebInspect is HP 's automated test suite for helping users quickly find security vulnerabilities .
The platform was upgraded earlier this year to version 8 , with additional Flash and JavaScript inspection capabilities .
Wood said 446 individuals participated in the hacking challenge , of whom 52 percent were able to solve the first challenge , which was a JavaScript log - in that could be determined and bypassed by a researcher if they simply viewed the underlying HTML source code .
" They viewed the source code and were able to understand the JavaScript , " Wood said .
" It gives you a good baseline of how many people understand what is on the Internet and how willing they are to explore a Web page beyond just looking at a page inside of a browser . "
While more than half the participants could solve the JavaScript challenge , by the fifth level only 9 percent of the 446 participants made the cut .
The fifth challenge involved a SQL injection vulnerability that participants needed to exploit .
SQL Injection attacks are among the most commonly found type of vulnerabilities .
The Heartland Payment Systems security breach , which nabbed over 130 million credit cards , stemmed from a SQL Injection .
The challenges were not just theoretical scenarios .
" Basically , the challenges were very distilled versions of examples we saw online , " Wood said .
The most difficult level of the HP hacking challenge was the hidden sixth level , which only two people were able to solve .
Wood declined to detail the vulnerability , though he did hint at what it involved .
" While you 're visiting Web pages , the Web browser makes specific requests to files that are on the Web page that you 're not even aware you are making requests for , " Wood said .
" So your browser makes a request for the .fav icon , the little icon that shows up in a browser address bar , and there are other little ones like that where if you 're not monitoring those requests through a proxy , you might miss the hint for the hidden challenge . "
Overall ,
Wood noted that the challenge results serve as validation that more education is needed when it comes to Web security techniques .
Web scanners alone are n't enough to secure applications for a number of important reasons .
" Trying to use a Web page automatically is really different from a user trying to use the Web page , " Wood said .
" We have all sorts of visual cues , like images and font sizes that are difficult techniques for an automated scanner to detect . "
The Book Review has made these selections from books reviewed since Dec. 7 , 2008 , when we published our previous Notables list .
It was not easy picking the winners , and we doubtless made mistakes .
To the authors who made the list : congratulations .
To the equally deserving ones who did not : our apologies .
The ever expanding literary universe resists generalizing , but one heartening development has been the resurgence of the short story — and of the short - story writer .
Twelve collections made our fiction list , and four biographies of short - story masters are on the nonfiction list .
This list will appear in print on Dec. 6 , 2009 .
— The Editors
Previous Years : 2008 | 2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003 | 2002 | 2001 | 2000 | 1999
So take this little test : if you were interested in pursuing a partner for a short - term relationship which would you be most interested in … their face or their body ?
And for a long - term relationship , face or body ?
That is , if you were forced to choose , of course .
Well two PhD students and their advisor , David Buss professor of psychology at the University of Texas at Austin , did force people to make this very choice .
They asked 375 college students to pick whether to date someone based on either seeing just their face or their body .
Nearly all participants chose to see the face .
Except for one of the sexes in one situation .
Can you guess which one ?
Here ’s Jaime Confer , one of the student researchers :
" Everyone was more interested in the opposite sex person ’s face than their body — except for men in the short - term mating condition . "
Which implies ?
" When men were evaluating a short - term mate for a one - night stand they showed equal interest in her face and body instead of the face winning by a blowout . "
For long - term 75 percent of male participants wanted to see the face , but for short - term flings 50 percent of men chose face and 50 percent chose the body .
And why would this be ?
" Because cues of immediate fertility which are more important to a man pursuing short - term relationships are more densely concentrated in her body than in her face .
Where as her face may have more cues of reproductive value like age and health . "
Such as ?
" Skin and wrinkling gives a cue to her age and her reproductive value .
So if I 'm going to secure this woman for many years , I want to make sure she ’s not at the tail end of the fertility window . "
Presumably you could tell that by looking at her body , as well ?
" You could but it might be relatively more concentrated in her face than in her body . "
And this is not the case in men ?
" There is not this huge discrepancy in cues that women are interested in , like his good genes cues and good dad cues , health and symmetry .
Those are present in face and body equally . "
Freud famously asked , what do women want .
I guess it was clear to him what men wanted .
A new multi-telescope image has revealed the beauty of the center of the Milky Way across the electromagnetic spectrum .
The Hubble and Spitzer space telescopes teamed up with the Chandra X - ray Observatory to provide a glimpse of our galaxy that shows far more than our human eyes can see .
The effort allows a tremendous amount of data to be grasped in one glorious , mind - blowing space photo .
Spitzer investigated the infrared light ( red in the final image ) emanating from the region , which largely comes from glowing dust clouds created by stellar radiation and wind .
Chandra captured the X - rays ( blue and violet in the final image ) emanating from stellar explosions and the supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy .
And the Hubble looked at the near infrared light closest to the visible part of the spectrum ( yellow in the final image ) to reveal hundreds of thousands of stars .
If you want to know more about how amazing photos like this are made by amateur and professional astronomers alike , check out our story on the making of a mind - blowing space photo .
Image : NASA , ESA , SSC , CXC , STScI
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
The New Place is thought to be where Shakespeare died in 1616 Archaeologists are preparing to excavate the site of Shakespeare 's final home to find out more about the history of the building .
The New Place , in Stratford - upon - Avon , was built in 1483 and is thought to be where the playwright died in 1616 .
The building itself was demolished in 1759 , but it is thought remains of the old house are still underground .
Archaeologists will start initial tests on the site on Tuesday and a full dig could be carried out next year .
The experts from Birmingham Archaeology will be searching for the foundations of the New Place and will be looking through the original wells and possibly rubbish pits .
' Modern record '
When the New Place was originally built in the 15th Century , it was made of innovative materials such as brick .
It was made to be one of the most distinguished buildings around and was thought to be the second - largest house in the town .
The site of the New Place today is a landscaped garden
It was demolished by the then owner the Reverend Gastrell , and the site was excavated in the 1860s .
At the site of the New Place today is a landscaped garden which is looked after by the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust .
Visitors can still see the later cellar walls of the 17th Century mansion but little remains above ground of the house Shakespeare would have lived in .
Dr Diana Owen , director of the Shakespeare Birthplace Trust , said : " Our purpose would be to create a modern record of New Place , providing us with a better understanding of the site , and potentially revealing new information about the house in which Shakespeare died and the way in which the family lived there . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How do programmers differ , and why should you care ?
Steven Clarke from Microsoft ’s usability labs has identified and demonstrated at least three different programmer styles , which has been reported in quite a few places , hence programmers do indeed differ .
The types Clarke found are :
THE SYSTEMATIC DEVELOPER : Writes code defensively .
Does everything he or she can to protect code from unstable and untrustworthy processes running in parallel with their code .
Develops a deep understanding of a technology before using it .
Prides himself or herself on building elegant solutions .
THE PRAGMATIC DEVELOPER : Writes code methodically .
Develops sufficient understanding of a technology to enable competent use of it .
Prides himself or herself on building robust applications .
THE OPPORTUNISTIC DEVELOPER : Writes code in an exploratory fashion .
Develops a sufficient understanding of a technology to understand how it can solve a business problem .
Prides himself / herself on solving business problems .
Now why should you care ?
Almost every mention I ’ve seen of this online – or of any other personality type categorization system – is usually followed by a “ which type are you ? ” .
This misses the point utterly and completely .
Psychological research like this first becomes really valueable when you stop thinking about yourself and start asking how this can help you understand other people .
If you design API ’s and base your design on what makes most sense to your own coding style , you will create something that two thirds of your audience will find difficult to use .
Even if you do n’t like or agree with their style .
Granted , that makes the assumption that programmers are always equally distributed among styles , which is a pretty wild assumption .
The point is that other people are more likely to think differently than similarly to you .
That is also a good thing to keep in mind when formatting code for readability : if your coding style differs from standard Perl Tidy or your company ’s coding standard , keep in mind that you are not formatting for yourself , but a colleague , maintainer or anonymous CPAN downloader .
They are more likely to understand a common standard than your standard .
It sounds obvious , do n’t it ?
I do n’t think many ( any ) programmers think like this even so .
Now , Clarke , in an article to Dr. Dobbs Journal , has an example of a cognitive mapping of programmer types and API traits which is quite illustrative .
In Figure 1 , thick blue lines shows the expectations of a particular programmer type , while the dark lines shows the score of a particular API .
As you can see in this case , the match is bad .
Now the good thing is that Clarke ’s research gives you a framework to discuss how and why .
That ’s important because programming style is n’t related to experience level or educational background .
An programmer with an opportunistic style will not necessarily grow into a systematic programmer with more experience , neither will a systematic programmer become more pragmatic with age .
Or perhaps they will – but you ca n’t assume that .
Finally , the dimensions which Clarke suggests APIs can be understood on at a cognitive level :
• Abstraction level .
The minimum and maximum levels of abstraction exposed by the API , and the minimum and maximum levels usable by a targeted developer .
• Learning style .
The learning requirements posed by the API , and the learning styles available to a targeted developer .
• Working framework .
The size of the conceptual chunk ( developer working set ) needed to work effectively .
• Work - step unit .
How much of a programming task must / can be completed in a single step .
• Progressive evaluation .
To what extent partially completed code can be executed to obtain feedback on code behavior .
• Premature commitment .
The amount of decisions that developers have to make when writing code for a given scenario and the consequences of those decisions .
• Penetrability .
How the API facilitates exploration , analysis , and understanding of its components , and how targeted de- velopers go about retrieving what is needed .
• API elaboration .
The extent to which the API must be adapted to meet the needs of targeted developers .
• API viscosity .
The barriers to change inherent in the API , and how much effort a targeted developer needs to expend to make a change .
• Consistency .
How much of the rest of an API can be inferred once part of it is learned .
• Role expressiveness .
How apparent the relationship is between each component exposed by an API and the program as a whole .
• Domain correspondence .
How clearly the API components map to the domain and any special tricks that the developer needs to be aware of to accomplish some functionality .
Steven Clarke seems to have discontinued his blog , but his scientific work is chronicled at Scentific Commons .
( Found , among other places , assertTrue ( ) ) .
Congressional Budget Office Thrashes Republican Health - Care Plan
Republicans are learning an unpleasant lesson this morning :
The only thing worse than having no health - care reform plan is releasing a bad one , getting thrashed by CBO and making the House Democrats look good in comparison .
Late last night , the Congressional Budget Office released its initial analysis of the health - care reform plan that Republican Minority Leader John Boehner offered as a substitute to the Democratic legislation .
CBO begins with the baseline estimate that 17 percent of legal , non-elderly residents wo n't have health - care insurance in 2010 .
In 2019 , after 10 years of the Republican plan , CBO estimates that ... 17 percent of legal , non-elderly residents wo n't have health - care insurance .
The Republican alternative will have helped 3 million people secure coverage , which is barely keeping up with population growth .
Compare that to the Democratic bill , which covers 36 million more people and cuts the uninsured population to 4 percent .
But maybe , you say , the Republican bill does a really good job cutting costs .
According to CBO , the GOP 's alternative will shave $ 68 billion off the deficit in the next 10 years .
The Democrats , CBO says , will slice $ 104 billion off the deficit .
The Democratic bill , in other words , covers 12 times as many people and saves $ 36 billion more than the Republican plan .
And amazingly , the Democratic bill has already been through three committees and a merger process .
It 's already been shown to interest groups and advocacy organizations and industry stakeholders .
It 's already made its compromises with reality .
It 's already been through the legislative sausage grinder .
And yet it saves more money and covers more people than the blank - slate alternative proposed by John Boehner and the House Republicans .
The Democrats , constrained by reality , produced a far better plan than Boehner , who was constrained solely by his political imagination and legislative skill .
This is a major embarrassment for the Republicans .
It 's one thing to keep your cards close to your chest .
Republicans are in the minority , after all , and their plan stands no chance of passage .
It 's another to lay them out on the table and show everyone that you have no hand , and are n't even totally sure how to play the game .
The Democratic plan is n't perfect , but in comparison , it 's looking astonishingly good .
Photo credit : AP Photo / Harry Hamburg .
Mr Ichihashi is thought to have recently had plastic surgery
The suspect in the murder of British teacher Lindsay Ann Hawker has been arrested by police in Japan , the Foreign Office has confirmed .
Tatsuya Ichihashi , 30 , is being held in police custody in Osaka .
Miss Hawker , 22 , from Brandon , near Coventry , was buried in a sand - filled bath at the suspect 's Tokyo flat in March 2007 , but Ichihashi disappeared .
Her father , Bill Hawker , said : " The chief investigator office told me we always get our man and they have done . "
' Worked tirelessly '
Mr Hawker said it had been " a long , hard battle " for the family .
" We have worked tirelessly as a family and have never given in for our daughter , " he added .
" We wanted justice and we have finally got it . "
Timeline : Lindsay Ann Hawker murder
At a press conference at their home , Mr Hawker praised Japanese police who , he said , " after a very bungled start " to the inquiry " had got their man " .
He said the family was relieved and added : " I can go down to my daughter 's grave this afternoon to tell her . "
Mr Hawker said he wanted the Japanese authorities to punish Ichihashi " severely " .
" We accept whatever the Japanese authorities have to do to him , if that is life imprisonment or if he gets capital punishment . "
Earlier Mr Ichihashi's mother appeared on television urging her son to turn himself in to police .
A Foreign Office spokeswoman said : " We are glad and relieved that the only suspect in this case , Tatsuya Ichihashi , has been found and is now in police custody .
" We are grateful to the Japanese police for their efforts and we remain in close contact with the Hawker family . "
A spokesman for the Osaka Prefectural Police said : " We have detained a person in Osaka city who appears to be the suspect in the murder . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Miss Hawker , a Leeds University graduate , was teaching English at Koiwa school in Tokyo when she went missing on 25 March , 2007 .
Her body was discovered on the balcony of Mr Ichihashi's flat , taped - up and half - buried in a bathtub .
The suspect escaped as police arrived at his flat .
According to unconfirmed reports in the Japanese media , police detained a man believed to be Mr Ichihashi at Osaka ferry port at about 1800 local time .
It was suggested he was waiting for a ferry bound for the island of Okinawa in the far south - west of Japan .
Incident ' shame '
He is reported to have told officers : " I am Ichihashi . "
Mr Ichihashi is thought to have recently had plastic surgery to change his appearance .
He is believed to have had cheek implants and lip - thinning .
Police went to the clinic where a plastic surgery patient believed to be Mr Ichihashi had a follow - up appointment , but he never arrived .
It was reported that detectives then examined photographs provided by the hospital and believed their patient was the suspect .
Miss Hawker 's family had visited Japan several times , appealing to police and the public for help in finding the suspect .
Her father appealed to the Japanese public for her killer to be caught and said the incident " brought shame " on the country .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Bit by bit , as happened with Iraq , the reasons for staying in Afghanistan slide into gibberish .
So Gordon Brown 's reasons for the war seem to change every week .
At one point we were there to stop the opium , then to install democracy , now to prevent terrorist attacks in Britain .
Next week he 'll tell us the Taliban must be defeated as emissions from burqas are the greatest cause of climate change , or the plan is to buy the Taliban with public money until Afghanistan is back on its feet , and sell off the profitable sections such as Jihad training camps at a rate that makes sound economic sense .
At least Tony Blair used to come up with a pile of nonsense and stick to it .
In his latest speech , Brown promised , " Early action on corruption " .
How early is this likely to be , given that even if he starts this morning that will be eight years after we arrived ?
Even the shabbiest of builders , if they 'd been round for eight years , would n't have the cheek to say , " Right , we 'll have one more cup of tea and then get started ' cos it 's nice to get some action in early . "
Their most important ally in this early crusade against corruption is Hamid Karzai , who became President in an election that had to be re-run because of corruption , and will now take place again with only one candidate .
Still , it 's always best to have someone in charge who is familiar with the subject .
The scale of the task is such that yesterday the human rights group Transparency International published a league table of the world 's most corrupt countries , with Afghanistan coming second after Somalia .
And Karzai will probably feel offended by this , saying " WE should have come first , " blaming the Somalians for cheating by bribing the judges .
This is n't just a matter of Afghan fiddling .
Private militias are employed by the US army , so The Asian Times reports – " US and NATO contingents spend hundreds of millions of dollars annually on Afghan security providers , most of which are local warlords guilty of human rights abuses . "
This must be part of the plan to open up the country to the free market .
The next step will be a version of Dragon 's Den on Afghan television , in which a warlord stands before some Nato officials and insists with just one million dollars backing he can torture anyone he 's told to on the hills north of Kandahar , and a narrator says : " The British do n't think the warlord 's figures add up , but General McChrystal is about to make an offer . "
Nor can the British Government believe their own argument that the war is essential to destroy the bases of terrorism .
The group that bombed London came from Leeds , so presumably we 'll be paying warlords to take control there next , gunning down the odd wedding party to make extra sure .
Al - Qa'ida are n't tied to one country , so even if Nato took over Afghanistan they 'd just move somewhere else , unless we think they 'll say : " There 's no point in carrying on , the facilities in the Helmand Province were marvellous , with all the latest explosives , wonderful editing facilities for making pre-suicide video messages , it just wo n't be the same anywhere else , we 're giving up . "
Brown also claimed there was a plan to take control of the country , " District by district . "
What have they been trying up to now then ?
Is n't that always how an army wins a war ?
For example the allies got Normandy , then the rest of France and then Germany .
They did n't yell : " Never mind hanging about like that , let 's get everywhere at once . "
Perhaps he 'll tell us the district - by - district strategy was n't possible before , because we did n't have the postcodes to put into the sat -nav , but we 've finally heard back from the Post Office so we can get going with some early district action .
The war , it 's often forgotten , was begun by George W Bush in response to the attack on the Twin Towers .
Later it became clear the war was part of an overall strategy for " A New American Century , " and was one step on the way to Iraq .
So the real reason , and even most of the fake reasons , that the war was initiated have become redundant .
So the next move will probably be to revert to an early favourite , the claim we 're fighting for women 's rights , which is why we only sell a billion dollars worth of weapons to places that respect women , like Saudi Arabia , where it 's just feminism feminism feminism .
Indeed we were so keen for that women 's regime to be properly armed we did most of it through international corruption , so there 's sure to be some early action on that any day soon .
Source : Independent
Belfast Telegraph
When it comes to hurricane disaster response New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin , during his recent six - day trip to Cuba , said the U.S. should learn from the socialist island .
Nagin acknowledged Cuba does “ a much better job than we do . ”
“ One of the biggest weaknesses we had during Hurricane Katrina is it was n’t clear who was the top authority , ” Nagin told the Associated Press .
“ The president and the governor were going back and forth , ” he added .
“ In Cuba you do n’t have that problem .
The government says , ‘ This is what we ’re doing , these are the resources we are going to deploy , ’ and it pretty much happens . ”
Nagin said Cuba ’s success arose from its ability to mobilize people and get them out of harms way .
Storm evacuations are mandatory in Cuba but not in the United States .
Nagin and 15 U.S. city and state officials , including from police , fire and port agencies met with Cuban civil defense authorities and were given presentations about how the island mobilizes during disasters .
Nagin is the first U.S. mayor to make a diplomatic visit to Cuba in 50 years .
In 2005 Hurricane Katrina flooded 80 percent of New Orleans , killing more than 1,600 people in Louisiana and Mississippi and causing $ 4.1 billion in property damage .
At the time Cuba assembled over 1500 doctors with a stockpile of medicine within 48 hours and offered to send them free of charge to help mitigate the disaster .
The State Department under the Bush administration declined the offer .
The people of New Orleans are still recovering from Katrina , which smashed levees and completely destroyed most of the city leaving tens of thousands homeless .
Cuba deals with hurricanes nearly every year and when one hits , the country closes highways and enforces mandatory evacuations .
Last year Hurricanes Gustav , Ike and Paloma all hit the island , causing more than $ 10 billion in damage killing seven .
“ I think they do a much better job than we do on knowing their citizens at a very , very detailed level , block by block , ” notes Nagin .
In Cuba , Revolutionary Defense Committees organize communities at the neighborhood level , providing social services including health care and vaccinations .
They also help with evacuations during hurricanes .
New Orleans officials said they advised Cuba to be prepared for a Katrina - like storm of disastrous proportions .
“ We ’re trying to get them to think about the ultimate catastrophe , where 80 percent of Havana is damaged and they have no communications , no electricity and law enforcement agencies are overwhelmed , ” said Nagin .
Thinking that way is a difficult mental shift for the Cubans , notes Nagin .
“ They ’ll tell you , ‘ We ’re prepared for everything , ' ” he said .
Nagin also met with the head of the Cuban Chamber of Commerce and spoke to tourism officials including those at the Port of Havana .
Cuba was the top source of trade for the Port of New Orleans in the late 1950s .
Nagin is hoping the U.S. and Cuba can eventually become trading partners again .
Since Cuba ’s 1959 revolution the U.S. has imposed a 47 - year - old trade embargo on the socialist island that bars American tourists from visiting .
“ They do n’t have to go to Vietnam for rice , and China for this and that .
They could get it directly from us , ” said Nagin .
“ We grow it all . ”
Nagin was granted permission to visit Cuba by the State Department since Cuba has been recognized internationally as a leader in emergency management .
In recent weeks a growing number of U.S. officials have been visiting Cuba including State Department official Bisa Williams and New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson .
“ I think there is a recognition that something better is going to happen between Cuba and the Unites States , ” said Nagin .
“ The question is how much ? ”
Nagin has lobbied for U.S. and Cuban authorities to allow special charter flights between New Orleans and Cuba .
Charter flights are currently allowed between the two countries , but direct commercial flights are not .
Having flights to and from Havana would benefit New Orleans including a potential increase in tourist traffic , said Nagin .
The mayor said since Katrina , the number of visitors to New Orleans has fallen from 10 million a year to 8 million and that revenues are significantly down .
Since taking office President Barack Obama has ended Bush - era sanctions to allow Cuban - Americans to visit their homeland whenever they want and send unlimited remittances back home .
Meanwhile bills are pending in the U.S. Congress that would end a general ban on Americans visiting the island .
Obama has said he would like a more normal relationship with Cuba but has not set out a specific strategy for attaining that goal .
In July , both countries officially restarted a dialogue on migration issues , which had been suspended since 2003 and talks are also underway aimed at restarting a bilateral mail service that was cut off in 1963 .
Critics welcome Obama ’s new policies however many are demanding an end to the U.S. embargo on Cuba , which was recently extended for another year by the president .
Critics of the embargo say it ’s a major roadblock in receiving badly needed medical supplies and other industrial resources that deter Cuba ’s economic development .
The United Nations General Assembly during the last week of October will once again take up the Cuban resolution calling for an end to the U.S. blockade .
Nagin began his trip to Cuba the day after Obama visited New Orleans .
It was Obama ’s first trip to the jazzy city since taking office in 2008 .
During a town hall there Obama said in days after “ that terrible storm struck your shores , all the world bore witness to the fact that the damage from Katrina was not caused by just a disaster of nature but also by a breakdown of government , that government was n’t adequately prepared and we did n’t appropriately respond . ”
Obama added , “ We know how much work is left to be done .
Whether you ’re driving through New Orleans , Biloxi or the southern part of Louisiana , it ’s clear how far we have to go before we can call this recovery a real success . ”
We are not going to forget about New Orleans , said Obama .
“ We are going to keep on working and we are not going to forget about the Gulf Coast .
Together , we will rebuild this region , and we will rebuild it stronger than before , ” he said .
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
Q :
Jose :
The Road :
After your initial years in the commercial sector you wanted to work in the humanitarian world .
What triggered that ?
It was nothing in particular .
Not " a documentary " I saw or " a terrible image in the news " which made me take that decision .
It was more the lust to travel and discover .
I wanted to travel through Asia , but I knew from the very beginning that I would n't go as yet another backpacker .
I had to leave with ' a mission ' .
I wanted to make a difference .
When you started to look for a job in the humanitarian world , what did you try , on whose doors did you knock ?
I did n't try .
I did n't know anything at all .
It would have been very pretentious to do that since I had never been in Asia before and I did n't know if I would like it there or not .
So I thought that a great introduction into the humanitarian world would be perhaps to volunteer .
How did you choose the organisation you volunteered for ?
I was quite lost .
On the Internet , I found lots of information related to volunteering .
I had something in mind : I wanted to go to Nepal .
After some research and a lot of reading through load of websites I decided finally for a kiwi based recognised NGO .
They work all over the world .
They seemed very professional and reliable and had a programme going on in Nepal .
You could pick among several kind of volunteering there : children 's homes , teaching English , etc ...
I signed up for the community maintenance programme , although the description about the programme was very vague .
I thought I could use some of my skills as an architect in that task .
Volunteer fees were involved in all the programmes / countries .
As most almost all volunteering sites asked for fees , I assumed it was a normal and indispensable practice when it comes to volunteering .
What was the procedure to register , to get started with that organisation ?
It was way pretty sophisticated .
You fill your application on - line and submit it .
After they receive it and give you the ' ok ' , you have to pay a US $ 350 ' volunteer fee ' immediately .
Once they receive your fee , they contact you again giving you ' the volunteer package ' : a massive amount of information in the form of emails and pdf - file , which you have to read through .
If you have some doubts you can contact the programme coordinator via telephone or email .
Eight weeks before departure you have to follow up with the rest of the volunteer programme payment that varies depending on the amount of weeks you stay .
I signed up for 4 months and I paid US $ 1,722 .
In total , I paid them US $ 2.072 .
Plus your ticket ?
Yes .
What were the promises the NGO made , what were your expectations before you took up the job ?
The NGO promises emergency assistance during your stay .
They covered placement with Nepalese families , which included accommodation and food .
They would also provide a briefing and formation once I got there .
I was very excited about it although I could n't have any real expectations since it was still unclear which specific job I would be doing .
So , you arrived in Nepal .
What were your immediate first impressions .
How were you welcomed , briefed , set to work ?
Every placement starts the 1st of every month .
You are welcomed by the local branch of the NGO right on arrival .
During one week you receive information about the country , basic local language classes , explanation of the programmes .
You get to spend 3 days with a Nepalese family to have a first " taste " of the basic life you will be leading in the coming weeks or months .
After the briefing week you are sent to your placement , and you start to work .
What were your tasks ?
During the briefing , we , the community maintenance volunteers , learnt we would be helping in the construction of a brand new orphanage that was about to start right after we arrived .
After knowing what we would be doing I could n't be more excited , after all , I was an architect .
It looked very challenging work .
Even though I knew that I would be mainly doing " labor " work , I hoped to bring some input in the tasks .
Local and experience workers were doing all the ' real ' construction work supervised by a foreman and a local architect .
Our tasks were merely to assist with some ' extra ' work , work not budgeted and ' easy ' to do by non-experience Westerners .
That work included clearing off a bamboo " forest " , building a bamboo hut for storage and the construction of a boundary fence .
These were " crumbles " in my opinion .
This was the most ambitious project that this NGO had ever done , so they were quite focused with the fundraising , and unfortunately not really with the volunteers on site .
We were left sometimes for a week without feedback from the NGO .
We were working with broken tools .
The jobs we did , were needed for sure and I believe we achieved a very good result .
But i wondered many times if that work could n't have been done faster and better by local people .
What did the NGO cater for ?
The NGO works with some Nepalese families .
These families are used to have foreigners and can speak some English .
They provide accommodation and food under basic conditions .
I learned after , they were paid US $ 60 per a month per volunteer by the NGO .
Some of the families had up to 4 volunteers .
They provided as well the tools , gloves , etc ... what work was the NGO actually doing .
What projects did they have , who did they partner with ?
The NGO was involved in several projects besides the construction of the new orphanage .
They were sending volunteers to several children homes in different areas of Kathmandu run by local management .
They helped help with teaching English and supervisory tasks .
There were some health programme going on as well , which were carried out by volunteers with some medical training .
You worked with colleague volunteers .
What was your impression of them : " well willing " , " adventurers " , " lost souls " ?
Another thing I was very excited about was to meet different people from different countries coming with the same purpose .
The reality was way different from that .
I was so disappointed to realize most of them were kids in their twenties .
They were not focused on the job , at all .
Most had come there because their parents paid the volunteering fees .
I realized that those kids were probably attracted to volunteering because they did n't have to pay the expenses , themselves , which is quite sad .
I met some good apples amongst the rotten ones .
I still keep keep in touch with them .
Even if the work itself were you able to use your presence there , " in the field " to network , to make contacts with other organisations , with other aid workers ?
The aid workers network is very big in Nepal .
Maybe too big and too corporated .
I met some interesting people though and made some contacts I hope to use in the future .
Your experience was rather negative .
In how far is this a generalization ?
I would rather say " not absolutely satisfying " .
I was unable to share my negative impressions with most of the volunteers since they did n't pay the fees themselves .
I met some other people and volunteers on the way and I did share this with them , we all agreed that is not certainly the way to go when it comes to volunteering .
It would be naive if I would say that money is not necessary her .
It is if you want your aid project to reach somewhere .
But there are different ways .
If you accept money from volunteers willing to help , people that have crossed half the world in a very expensive flight , but do n't put them to good use , you are a soulless NGO .
No matter if you are using the money for a good cause .
How did you end your assignment with them .
What did you do after that ?
Construction takes some time .
I worked in several tasks on the building site during my stay .
When I left , the construction was still going on .
After that I spent some months in Nepal , did some trekking and thought of my next move .
In the end , I did another volunteering task in Thailand .
But this time with there was no money involved whatsoever .
In those months in Nepal , I had the chance to meet some amazing Nepalese people .
They were completely astonished when they learnt we had paid US $ 2.000 to ' do labor work ' .
That really enhances the idea we are spoiled Westerners , willing to give up so much money to end up dirty with mud and with blisters in their hands .
They thought nobody should pay to do that kind of job , volunteering ot not .
What is your advice for those trying to enter the aidworld or who want to volunteer ?
Volunteering , is a job or task that should be done honestly .
It is understood you are not getting paid for it .
It is very sad nowadays you HAVE TO PAY for it .
No way .
We have to stop the way this is working .
What happens is that NGOs are relying more and more on volunteers .
Not to do the work , but to fundraise for their projects .
The goal is honest but the way this is done , is not .
My advice is simple : " Do n't pay to volunteer " .
When money is involved , the word loses its meaning .
Instead , I would advise people to travel to the country were aid is needed and once on site do some research .
My second volunteering experience in Thailand showed me this is still possible .
Jose , thank you for your blunt answers .
I wish you the very best .
If you think of starting as an aidworker , here is my advise to you .
Read more interviews on The Road
Umpire Tony Hill signals for a referral during England 's Caribbean series
The controversial umpire referral system is in crisis and will not be in place for England 's Test series in South Africa , BBC Sport has learned .
An updated version of the TV referral system which was trialled during England 's Test tour of the West Indies has been approved for use in all Tests .
It was set to be available to India and Sri Lanka in their current Test series .
But it is believed a stand - off has now emerged between cricket 's stakeholders over who will fund the equipment .
BBC cricket correspondent Jonathan Agnew explained that while the England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) were always against the Umpire Decision Review System ( UDRS ) , the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) was initially in favour of the review system .
But the Indian board has reportedly changed its mind after their players raised concerns , and Agnew believes Cricket South Africa is likely to follow suit .
The view of the cricket boards is if the ICC want it they must pay for it , while the majority of the players would rather do without it
BBC cricket correspondent Jonathan Agnew The International Cricket Council announced in June that , following trials at domestic and international level , the UDRS would come into use from October .
Under the updated rules , each side would be allowed two unsuccessful challenges per innings in a system similar to that used in American football and tennis .
" Despite serious reservations from many quarters , the ICC 's cricket committee approved the use of technology - including , controversially , the predictive element of Hawk - Eye - starting with the series between India and Sri Lanka , " Agnew told BBC Radio 5 live .
" But there 's now a stand - off between the boards , the host television companies and the ICC about who will fund the very expensive equipment .
" The Indian board has now rejected the scheme and , as things stand , Cricket South Africa will do the same .
The referral system wo n't be used for the Test series against England .
606 : DEBATE
" The ECB was the only board to vote against the use of technology , which has been pushed through by the ICC despite failing spectacularly in the West Indies earlier this year .
" The view of the cricket boards is if the ICC want it they must pay for it , while the majority of the players , it seems , would rather do without it . "
ECB chairman Giles Clarke added : " We were n't keen on the referral system so we voted against it .
" We lost the ICC vote , comprehensively , but we run a democratic world in cricket so we accepted the decision .
" Then the question came of who is going to pay for it .
We 're not going to .
Cricket South Africa do n't want to pay and I quite understand why .
" It seems the broadcaster does not want to pay .
I do n't think the ICC is going to step in but I may be wrong .
If no one 's going to pay , you ca n't use it . "
The UDRS was designed to let players request that umpire 's decisions are reviewed by a third official using TV pictures .
Either the dismissed batsman or the fielding captain can call for a review by making a " T " symbol with his forearms .
Despite an unsuccessful experiment in English county cricket 's Friends Provident Trophy in 2007 , the review system was first trialled during a series between Sri Lanka and India in the summer of 2008 - with Sri Lanka 's Tillakaratne Dilshan becoming the first player to successfully appeal against a decision .
The experiment was also used in several other series - although for the West Indies versus England series in 2009 , the number of unsuccessful challenges permitted was reduced from three to two .
" I 'm excited that the committee concluded the Umpire Decision Review System had a positive effect on the game , " ICC chief executive Haroon Lorgat said in June .
" It reduced the number of incorrect decisions and also cut down on instances of player dissent . "
Hawk - Eye ( measuring the trajectory of the ball until the point of impact with bat , pad or batsman ) , ultra - slow motion cameras and " Hot Spot " were among the expensive devices experimented with during the ICC 's trials - although the predictive element of Hawk - Eye has not yet been used in Tests .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
UPDATE : Variety reports Roman Polanski will be kept under housse arrest and under electronic monitoring at his Swiss chalet .
He will , however , remain n jail until authorities decide whether or not to appeal his release .
This Reuters " Flash " just popped up on Twitter .
It seems surprising that a man famous for two things -- being a film director and skipping town decades ago after pleading guilty for charges relating to having sex with a 13 - year - old -- would be granted bail after Swiss authorities bothered to decide to arrest him .
Maybe there are all sorts of conditions ... we 'll update as necessary .
And Lech makes it to his real point ?
Lol , let ’s get on with the shenanigans , I mean rescue !
Found a pic on Reddit yesterday of a big pack of black bears going to town on a pile of fermenting apples under a tree - I think I would find it a little awkward to have that many drunken bears wandering around my back yard , let alone one …
And today is the LAST DAY TO VOTE FOR MANDOWEEN IN THE HALLOWEEN DERBY AT SHIRT WOOT :)
This design just managed to limp into the fog , and then fall out again .
I do n’t know if it ’s anywhere close to the top 3 so every vote helps :D
Sheep in County Tyrone have been targeted in a sectarian attack when they were sprayed with Green and Orange dye to form an Irish tricolour on their coats .
Sheep in County Tyrone have been targeted in a sectarian attack when they were sprayed with Green and Orange dye to form an Irish tricolour on their coats .
Six pregnant sheep belonging to a Protestant farmer from Co Tyrone have been daubed with Irish tricolours in an apparent sectarian attack .
The sheep had been left to graze in an isolated field near Ardboe when their coats were covered in green and orange paint to resemble a tricolour .
According to the farmer , who does not want to be identified , there has been an upsurge in sectarian attacks in recent weeks .
He said the ewes were pregnant and fears that some may lose their unborn lambs as a result of the stress they suffered during the incident .
The farmer said republican graffiti has been sprayed on roads near his home , a tricolour has been placed in a field and gates have been left open .
Ulster Unionist MLA Billy Armstrong , who knows the farmer , described the incident as sectarian and intended to intimidate people .
“ This was no Halloween prank , it was a sectarian attack .
There is always a seriousness behind this type of activity , ” he said .
Belfast Telegraph
by Doug Vance on November 18 , 2009
While there are n’t necessarily less people in the U.S. than in recent years , there are less people working and there is less spending .
Under this scenario , the following report came as a surprise for many people :
Stocks continued to move higher and the Dow Jones Industrial Average hit a new 2009 intraday high Monday , extending a strong run fueled by the flow of easy money to support global economic recovery .
The Dow was recently up 176 points , or 1.7 % , to 10199.43 .
The measure is on pace for a fourth straight daily gain and a new closing high for the year .
wsj
We have about as large a population as ever , but millions have been virtually exiled from the economy by way of job loss , to expired unemployment compensation , on down to complete destitute homelessness .
They may remain consumers to some extent , but to be sure , they are no longer producers .
Let ’s not count the few million self - exiles incarcerated , institutionalized , and the several who have dropped out of the system entirely to rough it in the wilderness .
So far we have learned the market is , or was at the time up , a likely hiccup , but that Obama administration spending is also up variously for corporate and public welfare .
This is the cause of the stock market hiccup .
The number of productive working people does n’t appear to be climbing , so it is of questionable value to point to rising stocks for one given reporting period :
The jobless rate rocketed to 10.2 percent in October , the highest since early 1983 , dealing a psychological blow to Americans as they prepare holiday shopping lists .
It was another worse - than - expected report casting a shadow over the struggling recovery .
yahoo
With unemployment across the board , labor migration from the southern border has taken its own losses for about a year now :
According to informal surveys by the Mexican consulate in Dallas , most of those wanting to return to Mexico cite the sudden scarcity of jobs , fear of deportation and uncertainty about obtaining legal resident status any time soon .
In the last few years , and particularly the last few months , Mr. SÃ¡nchez struggled to find work .
His earnings dwindled as his children grew up and their needs multiplied .
“ People like me , if you do n’t work one day , you worry about how to feed your family the next day , ” he said .
“ We as immigrant workers never have stability , even if the economy is doing well .
Imagine how things are now . ” dallasnews
Looking back to the Clinton administration , we can recall the growth of the information technology sector , the IT bubble , which would bust soon after Bush took office .
When the bubble was inflating , demand for trained IT people was up .
Twelve years ago , ordinary Americans who were unskilled or underskilled labor at the time found ways to get certifications like the commonplace MCSE or even a technical degree .
Many of them went on to make a decent living in IT for a few years until the tech bubble burst and mass layoffs took place under the first Bush term .
The Clinton IT bubble created a demand for new unskilled laborers to flip burgers , house clean , mow lawns , hammer trusses , lay up drywall , or pour concrete .
We added millions of immigrants to fill this gap and they brought families .
So for several years , we operated with a larger population than ever , mostly employed and consuming .
But then there was another bubble bust with the housing collapse , an end to many new construction proposals and the banks seizing up new credit for growth capital .
Now , we have some low wage laborers making their exit , the unemployed masses , the broken homeless , the long term institutionalized , and a handful of voluntary society dropouts .
That ’s less productive people operating in the economy and less consumerism .
Yet , if you are one of the remaining productive consumers , life goes on much as before , except perhaps with a bit less crowding in some places , less traffic in other places , and a little more quiet at times .
Does America have an ideally stable optimum population density that is similar in ways , and possibly parallels ecological carrying capacity ?
One of the older online domains takes us in for a closer look :
“ In 1990 the nonrenewable resources remaining in the ground would have lasted 110 years at the 1990 consumption rates .
No serious resource limits were in evidence .
But by 2020 the remaining resources constituted only a 30 - year supply .
Why did this shortage arise so fast ?
Because exponential growth increases consumption and lowers resources .
So , real progress is found in the maintenance of an equilibrium factoring tech level or affluence , population numbers and the carrying capacity of our living space , which includes to lesser extents , foreign trade with the carrying capacity of places abroad .
Progress is evidently not found , as popular notions would have it , in perpetual growth .
“ As both food and nonrenewable resources become harder to obtain in this simulated world , capital is diverted to producing more of them .
That leaves less output to be invested in basic capital growth .
dieoff
Tags : consumerism , overpopulation
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Insiste el diputado federal David Penchyna en que el paquete fiscal 2010 no traiciona ni violenta sus estatutos internos del partido
Ciudad de M�xico | Mi�rcoles 21 de octubre de 2009
Andrea Merlos y Juan Arvizu | El Universal
05:40
The Moon is a big sponge that absorbs electrically charged particles given out by the Sun .
These particles interact with the oxygen present in some dust grains on the lunar surface , producing water .
This discovery , made by the ESA - ISRO instrument SARA onboard the Indian Chandrayaan - 1 lunar orbiter , confirms how water is likely being created on the lunar surface .
It also gives scientists an ingenious new way to take images of the Moon and any other airless body in the Solar System .
The lunar surface is a loose collection of irregular dust grains , known as regolith .
Incoming particles should be trapped in the spaces between the grains and absorbed .
When this happens to protons they are expected to interact with the oxygen in the lunar regolith to produce hydroxyl and water .
The signature for these molecules was recently found and reported by Chandrayaan - 1’s Moon Mineralogy Mapper ( M3 ) instrument team .
The SARA results confirm that solar hydrogen nuclei are indeed being absorbed by the lunar regolith but also highlight a mystery : not every proton is absorbed .
One out of every five rebounds into space .
In the process , the proton joins with an electron to become an atom of hydrogen .
“ We did n’t expect to see this at all , ” says Stas Barabash , Swedish Institute of Space Physics , who is the European Principal Investigator for the Sub - keV Atom Reflecting Analyzer ( SARA ) instrument , which made the discovery .
Although Barabash and his colleagues do not know what is causing the reflections , the discovery paves the way for a new type of image to be made .
The hydrogen shoots off with speeds of around 200 km/s and escapes without being deflected by the Moon ’s weak gravity .
Hydrogen is also electrically neutral , and is not diverted by the magnetic fields in space .
So the atoms fly in straight lines , just like photons of light .
In principle , each atom can be traced back to its origin and an image of the surface can be made .
The areas that emit most hydrogen will show up the brightest .
Whilst the Moon does not generate a global magnetic field , some lunar rocks are magnetised .
Barabash and his team are currently making images , to look for such ‘ magnetic anomalies ’ in lunar rocks .
These generate magnetic bubbles that deflect incoming protons away into surrounding regions making magnetic rocks appear dark in a hydrogen image .
The incoming protons are part of the solar wind , a constant stream of particles given off by the Sun .
They collide with every celestial object in the Solar System but are usually stopped by the body ’s atmosphere .
On bodies without such a natural shield , for example asteroids or the planet Mercury , the solar wind reaches the ground .
The SARA team expects that these objects too will reflect many of the incoming protons back into space as hydrogen atoms .
This knowledge provides timely advice for the scientists and engineers who are readying ESA ’s BepiColombo mission to Mercury .
The spacecraft will be carrying two similar instruments to SARA and may find that the inner-most planet is reflecting more hydrogen than the Moon because the solar wind is more concentrated closer to the Sun .
SARA was one of three instruments that ESA contributed to Chandrayaan - 1 , the lunar orbiter that finished its mission in August 2009 .
The instrument was built jointly by scientific groups from Sweden , India , Japan , and Switzerland : Swedish Institute of Space Physics , Kiruna , Sweden ; Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre , Trivandrum , India ; University of Bern , Switzerland ; and Institute of Space and Astronautical Science , Sagamihara , Japan .
The instrument is led by Principal Investigators Stanislav Barabash , IRF , Sweden , and Anil Bhardwaj , VSSC , India .
When he was a boy , James May wanted to build a real house out of Lego .
With the help of television stardom , 3.2 m plastic bricks and 2,000 members of the public , the Top Gear presenter fulfilled his childhood ambition earlier this summer by constructing a " very modern and funky " Lego property on the Denbies wine estate in Surrey .
May has set what he thinks should be a new world record : becoming the first man to live in a fully functioning house made of Lego .
But the plastic brick house , and its tragic end , has affected him rather more profoundly .
With lurid Lego furniture , a working toilet , hot shower and a bed made from Lego bricks , the house was assembled by volunteers .
" People were really enjoying it simply because these massive piles of coloured Lego were theirs to push together , " says May .
" It is a faintly spiritual activity that everybody connects with . "
Resisting the impulse to wear the pair of Lego slippers that came with the house , May eased the pain caused by lying on the Lego bed by quaffing wine – in goblets made from Lego , naturally – from Denbies during his stay .
" The bed was pretty hard but the house was better than a tent , " he says .
" I spent most of the evening playing with the mood lighting and marvelling at the beauty of Lego furniture because it 's all so bright .
The stripy Lego chairs and tables just look fab .
I 'd have them in my house . "
Did he end up feeling like a Lego man ?
" I did wonder if once I stepped into the Lego house I would have walked through the hole into the Lego universe and when I stepped out again the whole world including the clouds and the sun would be made of Lego . "
Happily , May did not grow a large yellow head and " hands that were useless for holding anything other than a shovel " .
The tale of May 's house , however , which will be broadcast on BBC2 later this month as part of his new series , James May 's Toy Stories , does not end so well .
It was obstructing the grape harvest at Denbies so faced demolition .
May wanted to buy it but does not have a garden so desperately sought an owner via Facebook .
Legoland rejected it because it cost too much to dismantle , transport and reassemble .
When no last - minute buyer was found , the house was destroyed .
" It broke my heart but the people I felt for were the teams of volunteers who worked really hard building it , " says May .
Now he wants to build a Lego ship and sail it , as well as exploring the therapeutic possibilities of the little plastic brick and " why it affects us in this very beneficial , benign , hippy - trippy way " .
" There are all sorts of things embodied in the Lego brick – geometry and mathematics and truth and proportion and shape and colour , " says May .
" It 's very deep .
Everybody should have a box and play with it occasionally .
It 's a form of brain training as well .
I can't see how it can be bad for you .
Unless you tread on it . "
Comments
Let ’s start off by saying that Joe Liebermann is such a jackass .
There , that feels good , does n’t it ?
Practically on the very day that the Congressional Budget Office projects that not only will Health Care Reform with the public option not increase the deficit , it will lower it , Joe Liebermann says he will join the filibuster because of his concern that it will increase the deficit .
This is the same Joe Liebermann who as a young senator supported abolishing the filibuster , but now that he is older and wiser , realizes that it ’s the only way a dedicated minority can tie the federal government in knots .
I say “ dedicated minority ” since that excludes the Democratic Party , which is constitutionally incapable of agreeing with itself .
And since Joe caucuses with the Democrats but votes with the Republicans –he calls it independence , other call it “ being a quisling ” –he wants the dedicated minority to be able to screw things up as much as possible .
Suffice it to say , however , that since Joe Liebermann has been flirting with the Republican Party , he probably can’t read anymore–otherwise , he ’d never have made such an asinine criticism .
But , you know , even a broken clock is right twice a day .
Is the “ public option ” something worth all the effort that ’s been put into it ?
According to that same CBO report , the public option is only going to affect 2 % of all Americans …by 2019 , up to 6 million people will make use of that long and hard fought for provision .
Now 6 million people is nothing to sneeze at–except when you compare it to the most probable 2020 population of just over 300 million people .
And that ’s 10 years down the road .
The public option wo n’t even kick in until 2013 .
Hell , most of the baby boomers with be on Medicare by then .
* I* will be on Medicare by then !
Moreover , the public option is n’t going to be free–it will have a price sticker roughly equivalent to private health insurance .
I say roughly because it ’s going to be a little bit higher –we do n’t want it to actually compete with private health insurance !
We want that industry to stay healthy , even if it starves the middle class !
That ’s kind of like eating nutritious meals so our tapeworm does n’t get malnutrition .
And furthermore –everyone will have to have health insurance or pay a fine !
The poor will get a subsidy so they can afford to buy it , but we ’re talking about an enforced expansion of the health insurance customer base .
You would think the health insurance companies will be pleased by this .
Nosireebob !
They ’re too busy griping about not being able to drop customers because they have expensive conditions .
If that profit margin goes down , they ’ll have to raise rates to protect their executive bonuses !
About the only good thing about the public option as it now stands is that it has backdoored a tax on the top 1 % .
But not to worry –they ’ll soon find a way out of THAT !
The question is , with all the stuff negotiated away to achieve this public option goal , is the final result what we bargained for ?
I mean , we gave away our ace - in - the - hole , single payer health care , what the people of this country both need and deserve , even before negotiations started .
Since then , it ’s been like Chico and Groucho negotiating a contract , stripping aways clauses until all we have left is the sanity clause–and as we all know , there ai n’t no such thing as a Sanity Clause !
In the efforts to get something that could be called a “ public option ” , have the various committees thrown away so much substance that all that is left is skimpier than a stripper ’s bikini ?
Kucinich ’s state - by - state single payer option got tossed because it was too meaty and might have jeopardized passage of the program , but it ’s altogether possible the program is going to die of anorexic shock all on its own .
Some people say that something is better than nothing , but we really have to ask ourselves if we are not actually condemning ourselves to another ten or more years of slow strangulation by the parasitical health insurance industry just so we can say that we achieved “ something ” ?
I do n’t know –as they say on cable innuendo news , I ’m just asking –but I ’ve reached the end of my column , so let ’s end up with something we can all agree on …
Joe Liebermann is such a jackass !
One of Bush 's top aides says he did not break the law
Under a 2002 presidential order , the National Security Agency has been monitoring international communications of hundreds in the US , the paper says .
Before , the NSA had typically limited US surveillance to foreign embassies .
Questioned about the report , Condoleezza Rice said Mr Bush had never ordered anyone to do anything illegal .
But some NSA officials familiar with the operation have questioned whether the surveillance of calls and e-mails has crossed constitutional limits on legal searches , according to the Times .
American law usually requires a secret court , known as a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , to give permission before intelligence officers can conduct surveillance on US soil .
When asked about the programme on US TV , the secretary of state , Condoleezza Rice , said : " The president acted lawfully in every step that he has taken " .
" He takes absolutely seriously his constitutional responsibility both to defend Americans and to do it within the law , " she said .
She declined to discuss details of the New York Times report .
' Sea change '
The newspaper said nearly a dozen current and former administration officials discussed the programme with reporters .
It 's almost a mainstay of this country that the NSA only does foreign searches
Unnamed ex-senior official
They were granted anonymity because of the classified nature of the scheme .
Under the programme , the NSA has eavesdropped on as many as 500 people inside the US at any given time in its search for evidence of terrorist activity , the paper said .
Overseas , 5,000 to 7,000 people suspected of terrorist ties are monitored at one time .
" This is really a sea change , " a former senior official who specialises in national security law told the paper .
" It 's almost a mainstay of this country that the NSA only does foreign searches . "
The New York Times said it delayed publishing the information on the move for a year , in response to White House concerns it could jeopardise investigations .
Some officials said the programme had helped to uncover several terror plots , including one by an Ohio lorry driver who was jailed in 2003 for supporting al - Qaeda and targeting a New York bridge for sabotage .
' Above the law '
Officials cited by the paper said the Bush administration saw the scheme as necessary to disclose terror threats .
However , the paper reported that questions about the legality of the scheme led the Bush administration to suspend it temporarily last year and impose new restrictions .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) said eavesdropping in the US without a court order and without complying with the procedures of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act was " both illegal and unconstitutional " .
" The administration is claiming extraordinary presidential powers at the expense of civil liberties and is putting the president above the law , " director Caroline Fredrickson said .
The group called on Congress to investigate the report .
The Bush administration has faced opposition over some anti-terrorism initiatives in the past , such as the Patriot Act , which is up for renewal by Congress .
The law grants government agencies extraordinary powers to spy on and prosecute those suspected of terrorism .
Opponents say many of its provisions infringe civil liberties .
